CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
the present proposition would be voted down, and
that the House would consent to the appointment
of a standing committee, to whom the whole subject
might be referred.
Mr. BOWLIN said he believed the proposition
now before the committee, was to take so much of
the President's message as related to the navigation
of the Mississippi river, and refer it to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. And in reference to this propo-
sition, as one interested in the navigation of that
treat stream he would take this occasion to express
is views as to the propriety of referring the matter
to that committee. He was entirely opposed to
such a reference, upon principles which he would
explain before taking his seat. It must be kept in view
that the Mississippi and its tributary streams were
the most important navigable waters in the Union;
conveying upon their waters more commerce than
all the others conjoined; conveying more wealth than
the whole amount of commerce which was carried
on between this country and foreign countries. He
had papers before him showing that the transporta-
tion upon those rivers amounted to two hundred
million dollars annually; and others, showing the
melancholy fact that upwards of three hundred
thousand dollars worth of property was lost annu-
ally, besides an enormous sacrifice of human life, in
consequence of the dangerous condition of the navi-
gation. These were stubborn facts.
Sir, (said Mr. Bowlin,) the country washed by
the Mississippi and its tributaries has no person to
represent her interests upon the Committee of Com-
merce. I mean the fresh-water interests. [A
laugh.] No, sir, there is no person on that commit-
tee whose feelings will not be entirely in opposition
to the interests of the great West.
Mr. B. went into a statistical statement, to
show the importance of these great thoroughfares
or outlets for the products of the West, and the im-
mense losses which occur annually for want of prop-
er improvement. They required no very extraor-
dinary expenditure for making these improvements;
Nature had done much—Nature had furnished them
with broad and deep rivers, and all that was wanting
was the removal of certain obstructions. But what
had they to promise themselves, if they went before
a committee who were entirely hostile to the inter-
ests of the West' He meant nothing invidious or
disrespectful towards the gentlemen who composed
the committee; but they were chiefly Northern and
Eastern men, and it was natural that they should be
hostile to the interests of the West. What, then,
had they to expect' He could not understand why
the gentleman had fixed upon that committee; it was
not the committee to which the matter should be re-
ferred.
Mr. WISE said he would explain to the gentle-
man why he had selected that committee. The
question of reference had always been a test ques-
tion. For instance: if a question respecting the tariff
came up, it would be contended on the one hand,
that it should go to the Committee of Ways and
Means; and on the other, that it should go to the
Committee on Manufactures. By the American
system, it would go the Committee on Manufactures;
but, if the revenue party prevailed, it would go to
the Committee of Ways and Means. When a ques-
tion respecting the improvement of rivers comes up,
those who go for internal improvement are in favor
of referring it to the Committee on Roads and Canals;
while the strict constructionists are in favor of
referring it' to the Committee on Commerce. There-
fore it was that, being a strict constructionist him-
self, he had selected the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BOW LIN said the reason assigned by the
gentleman was certainly very satisfactory, so far as
he was concerned; but they of the West were not
prepared to consent that the best interests of the West
should be consigned to the tomb of the Capulets
without an effort for their preservation. He
was totally averse to committing the interests
of the great West to the Committee on Commerce.
Had not the gentleman from South Carolina told
them that the members of that committee were op-
posed to the interests of the West?
Mr. HOLMES said he had not asserted that the
committee were opposed to the interests of the West,
nor did he doubt the perfect impartiality of the gen-
tlemen who composed the committee.
Mr. BOWLIN said he was glad to hear
the gentleman express his confidence in the
committee; nevertheless, he reiterated his as-
sertion that the interests of the West were
not felt by the committee, and therefore it was
highly improper that the subject should be re-
ferred to them; and he would appeal to the House,
as an act of common justice, not to send them to the
Committee on Commerce—to a committee whose
interests were to prevent the progress of improve-
ment of the West. He appealed to the magna-
nimity of gentlemen who had the committee in their
hands, to interdict the reference to that com-
mittee.
Mr. WISE said he would modify his proposi-
tion, by striking out that part which applied to the
Mississippi river particularly.
Mr. JAMESON suggested that so much of the
resolution as referred to the Mississippi river be re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BOWLIN said he did not see that the reso-
lution would be at all improved by leaving out that
portion, (because the phrase Western waters would
apply to the Mississippi of course,) unless the gen-
tleman followed up his suggestion by a motion to
refer so much as relates to the Mississippi and its
tributaries to some other committee.
Mr. THOMASSON said he had not said the ref-
erence should not be to a select committee; but he
would ask that it might be referred to a select com-
mittee, that this discussion might cease. He begged
to move that so much of the President's message as
referred to the Western waters, rivers, and lakes, be
referred to a special committee of nine.
Mr. WISE had no objection to this course; but
he would leave it to the House to determine. He
had no power over the resolution; nor did he care
to what committee it was sent: so that he was not
committed on the question of reference.
Mr. BOWLIN was desirous that the reference
should be a committee that was, at least, fairly dis-
posed to make a legitimate report of the wants and
necessities of the Mississippi valley. That was all
he asked; and he concurred fully and entirely with
the motion which the gentleman from Kentucky
had now made. There was sufficient to justify a
standing committee being added to the present list,
to take charge of the subject of internal navigation
—an interest which was of vast importance; but at
present he asked that a select committee be appoint-
ed to report upon this subject, and then the House
would be able to act upon it.
Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF was in favor of
the proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky to
refer this subject to a select committee. There
were, he remarked, two great channels of commu-
nication leading to the South, from the East and the
West, and those were the Lakes, and the Mississippi
river, with its tributaries; and these were connected
together by the improvement^ of the Western
States. Ohio had already completed one canal be-
tween two of these channels of communication;
she had another nearly completed; and, in conjunc-
tion with Indiana, a third; while Illinois had a
fourth in progress. They could not, therefore, in
justice to either of those States, separate those two
interests, which were naturally joined. He was in
favor of the proposition for a select committee, and
he hoped it would be constituted of gentlemen fa-
vorable to those two interests.
The gentleman from Alabama had told them they
had come there as a reform Congress. Granted:
but there were more ways than one of prosecuting
reform. One was, by locking up money, and not
spending it at all. Another was, to see that it was
properly expended. It had been correctly remarked
by some gentleman who had preceded him, that
works had been commenced, and then neglected,
and left in a state that rendered thern useless;
and, to his own knowledge, some improve-
ments had been so commenced m the harbors
of Lake F.rie. Amongst others, he mentioned
the harbor of Huron, where money had been
expended in constructing it, and in the purchase of
machinery, and the creation of facilities for dredging
it; and he was now told the implements purchased
for that purpose had been put up to sale, and sold to
the highest bidder; and, in consequence, sand had
been allowed to accumulate in that harbor, which
was one of the most important on Lake Erie. This
economy was extravagance; and that harbor had, m
consequence, become inadmissible to a certain ciass
of vessels. The gentleman from New York, it
seemed, had recommenced this manifestation of op-
position to the Western waters, and he had got up
this fight on this floor. .
Mr. BARNARD asked the gentleman from Ohio
to point to any language—even to a word, or a syl-
lable—which would justify such an accusation.
Mr. BRINKERFIOFF said, if he had misunder-
stood the gentleman from New York, he was pleased
to learn that he was laboring under a misapprehension. ;'
He was disposed to give a fair construction tb the
language of the gentleman from New York; but h«r;;;
had imbibed the idea that that gentleman was hostite *
to the improvement of the Western waters. How-
ever, as the gentleman disclaimed such opposition,
he would ask the House where the property which
floated on the Hudson river, of which they had
heard so much, came from? Why, it came from
the Western country to that State, thus making it
an "empire" State. And whence was the merchan-
dise sent, that went up that State? It was to the
West; and from that region so much profit was an-
nually drawn. Every part of the shores of Lake
Erie, and its kindred waters, had been strewn
with wrecks; there lives had been, lost, and an im-
mense amount of property sunk, for the want of
good harbors in which the vessels navigating those
waters could take refuge. And who gained by
the loss of that property? Why, those of the State
from which the gentleman came, from whence, that
merchandise was purchased. And if theprodnce
shipped to the East was lost, who suffered by the
lOss? Why, perhaps the gentleman's own constitu~
ents, with whom it was insured; and, therefore,
there was 110 reason for the hostility of the gentle-
man; and he was glad to accept the gentleman's dis- ■
claimer. He hoped the proposition for a select com-
mittee would be adopted.
Mr. WINTHROP said, it was of little importance
to what committee this subject was referred; and he
thought it might be disposed of without consuming
three or four hours with a debate thereon. They all
knew the course was, for the departments to make
the estimates for internal improvements, and that
they were sent to the Committee of Ways and
Means; and this debate might have been spared to
another occasion. But an importance had been
given to this subject by the remarks which some
gentlemen had made, which he, as a member of the
Committee on Commerce, could not allow to pass
without observation. As a member of that commit-
tee he had said, at the outset, that he preferred that
this subject should go to some other committee, for
the committee of which he was a member had busi-
ness enough on its hands; but he preferred it on
other grounds than those stated by the gentleman
from Virginia—that this was a test question,
whether the House was in favor of the internal im-
provement policy.
But the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr,
Holmes,] whose socicty and assistance he had
hoped to have on the Committee on Commerce, had
appealed to the House to divert it from that com-
mittee, for reasons which he, as a Northern man,
true to the Constitution, could not pass over. What
were the grounds on which the gentleman from
South Carolina had called upon the West to wake
up against its mother. If the West did rise up
against the older States, it would rise up against
that part of the country which had treated it with
true motherly regard. But where did the gentle-
man from South Carolina get his idea from? Was
it from the history of the past5 He (Mr. W.) ap-
pealed to the record of the past. Let the catalogue of
their proceedings be examined; and would the gen-
tleman find a Western appropriation which failed
for want of Northern votes? Would he find the
"neglected West," us the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kennedy] had seen fit to call her, (though,
by way of parenthesis, he might say she
had received more than she was willing to
allow, by way of public lands or otherwise,)
neglected by the North' To whom did she owe
what she had received? Was it to Southern votes
that she was indebted? Let the gentleman exam-
ine the yeas and nays, and the history of the coun-
try to the present day, and he would learn to the
C°He had heard a gentleman, once a member of the
United States Senate, but now no longer so, [Mr.
Smith of Indiana, as was understood,] declare dis«
tinctlv that there was never a measure asked for by>
the West, and passed for the immediate benefit 0?
the West, which was not passed by Northern
TOteg—and many which could not have been passed
without Northern votes; and yet the gentleman,
from South Carolina called upon the West to
wake up against the North, which^he said, had been,
poisoning the sources whence their aliment was
supplied. He (Mr W.) knew to what that gentle-,
man referred, for he afterwards expressed it. He re-
ferred to the tariff; and he told them that the tariff-
poisoned the sources whence their aliment was sup-
plied- Hp- (Mr- W ) hoped they should have ampls
