Jan; 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
71
28th Cons 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. A. V. Brown.
H. ef Reps.
complain of." The same course of argument
now adopted, the same feeling now controlling the
conduct of members, will induce, yea, compel the
grant of this additional demand; and thu3, sir, wil
the matter continue to proceed—each concession
followed in more rapid succession by another, until
the whole ground, now so gallantly won and nobly
occupied by the true friends of the South, will be
surrendered to the increasing requisitions of our
worst and bitterest enemies. But a few sessions
will hare transpired, and abolition petitions will be
regarded with the same respect, and be carried
through the same forms, as those of the most re-
spectable and honorable character. Hence, sir, the
South considers, and correctly, too, that the time has
now arrived when a choice must be made between
these two extremes: the entire rejection of all such
petitions on the one hand, and, on the other, not
merely their formal reception, but also their refer-
ence, consideration, and final action thereon. And
can she for a moment hesitate in making her selec-
tion? Gentlemen will attempt in vain to place this
question upon compromise ground. It cannot be
done. There is no neutral ground, no half-way
house, that can be long occupied with either credit or
safety to the parties interested.
I am aware that the argument I am attempting to
present will not reach the judgment of those who
have always opposed, not only this, but every other
rule which has been adopted' by Congress for the
frotection of southern feeling and southern interest,
had not flattered myself with the least hope of al-
tering their long-settled decision. My object is, if
possible, to retain the aid of those who have hereto-
fore co-operated with us, and whose devotion to our
interest I feel confident yet remains unimpaired. To
them i trust the appeal will not be in vain.
Let me then ask'the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Biblack,] who addressed the House a
day or two since on this subject, and others who,
like him, have always been our friends on former
occasions, and who have even at this session voted
with us against the repeal of the 21st rule, if they
are now prepared to sacrifice all the advantages of a
long and eventful struggle over this subject, and
ally themselves with the advocates of the opposite
extreme to which I have just alluded, merely for the
lurpose of avoiding the effects of a false issue—
_:nown and amitted to be such? I can safely answer
for these gentlemen in the negative; and if so, may
we not successfully ask of you to reconsider the
reasons which have induced you to favor this dan-
gerous concession? Sooner or later you will be com-
pelled to choose between the extremes placed before
us for our selection, and the present moment pre-
sents the most favorable opportunity of making the
decision. It is rejection on the one hand—action on
the other.
The South has not been an indifferent observer of
the movements in the non-slaveholuing States on the
subject of the right. of petition. She has noticed
with regret the effort (but too successfully made) to
connect"it with abolition, and thereby cause it to
subserve the purpose of these fanatical spirits, in
creating a false issue before the people, from which
they are seeking to gain additional strength and fac-
titious importance; and if there was any mode by
which she could relieve her Northern friends from
its effects, consistently with her own honor and safe-
ty, most cheerfully would she do it.
But our northern friends must perceive at a mo-
ment's glance that false issues upon this, as upon
every other subject, must be met and overcome
where they are found to exist. It is a duty which
they owe, not only to the South, but to themselves,
to rise above these, by exposing to the honest and
enlightened portion of their constituents, this un-
justifiable effort to prostitute a great constitutional
"ri°ht to the worst and vilest purposes. Such has
been the course pursued by others; and the result is
as creditable to the honesty and intelligence of the
people, as it is gratifying to the feelings of the
South. For the purpose of illustrating this truth, 1
will refer to tacts which are familiar ill part to the
House and in which, if I am wrong, I can be easily
corrected. My friend on my left [Mr. Weller] is
the representative oi a district in. the non-sLwehold-
jn°- State of Ohio; from the first inception of this
subject lie has met it with a manly and noble spnit,
which reflects upon him the greatest credit, and
which, I am proud to say, is duly appreciated by
those whose interest he has thus guarded and pro-
tected with such disinterested devotion; not only m
this Hall, but before his constituents, has lie grap-
pled with the false spirit, in every shape and form
k
in which it might present itself. On my right is
another gentleman from the same State, [Mr. Gid-
.dings,] who has always given a cheerful response to
every requisition of the abolitionist, and in whom
they have ever found a sympathizing represen-
tative, as scrupulously conscientious about the
right of petition as the wildest and most vision-
ary fanatic could desire. Now, sir, what has
been the necessary consequence in their re-
spective districts? Whilst the district repre-
sented with so much honesty and ability by my
friend is almost pure and untainted by this foul in-
fection, the district represented by the gentleman
upon my right is rotten to the core. Permit me,
then, to commend to our northern friends the praise-
worthy example of my friend from Ohio; and I hesi-
tate not to promise them that the same happy re-
sults will attend similar exertions on their part.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cmvg-
man] seemed to think we had placed our northern
friends in a false position, and that it was the duty
of a wise general, when he found his men falling,
one by one, under the fire of the enemy, to with-
draw them from their exposed location to a place of
greater security. Now, sir, I am not sure that I
understood correctly the allusion of the gentleman.
If, however, lie referred to his political friends, I
have only to say to him that he will meet with some
difficulty in finding wiy of them in the list of killed
and wounded. The devotion of northern whigs to
southern interest has never yet induced them to oc-
cupy this dangerous and exposed position. That
honor has been reserved for the democracy, and the
democracy alone. If the gentleman alluded to the
northern democrats, who had evinced, by their votes
and conduct upon this subject, their sincere friend-
ship for the South, then I must be permitted to say
to our northern friends, hearken not to the voice of
the gentleman from North Carolina; and as you
would not heed his counsel upon other great and im-
portant subjects of a political and national character,
so, also, reject the proffered advice upon this equally
vital and interesting question. Had the gentleman
from North Carolina, and southern members gener-
ally, listened to the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania? [Mr. Bidlack,] one who has hereto-
fore been with us, through evil as well as through
good report, but now felt that he was no longer bound
to stand by an unpopular measure for the benefit of
the South alone, when the South herself was mani-
festing a disposition to abandon the rule. Thus it
is, that the defection of our northern friends is at-
tributable to our own divisions. Let the fact, then,
be published to the country, that the responsibility
of this measure may rest upon those who justly de-
serve it; upon whom an indignant and outraged
people may place the seal of their condemnation. I
trust, however, that no such division will be found
to exist; no southern democrat, I am sure, will
abandon his post: and but few, if any, of the south-
ern whigs will be found following in the wake of the
gentleman from North Carolina. It has been said
that the abandonment of this rule was growing in
favor with the South. Where is the evidence of it'
How many southern representatives, who have
heretofore voted with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] on this delicate and all-absorbing
question, had been returned again by their constitu-
ents as members of this Hons/'"' Let those who are
laboring under this false delusion answer me the
question. No, sir, votes given in that connexion
will not answer the demands of the South; the South
is unwilling to trust her rights in that quarter; she
would fear the result, as well she might.
The gentleman from North Carolina, in the course
of his remarks, had alluded to the times when
Adams and Hancock, and their compeers, from
every section of the country, had met together, and,
ass brethren, counselled one with another, having
but one object in view—the best interests of their
common country. There is no difficulty in return-
ing to those happy days of union and harmony, if
we will only permit the same spirit which pervaded
the bosoms of the venerated dead to enter into our
deliberations, and control our actions. They, sir,
maintained their respective rights with an unflinch-
ing energy, and an unyielding firmness, that was
only surpassed by the magnanimity with which
they accorded to others the same boon they claimed
for themselves. No gentleman would be more grat-
ified than myself to see that, feeling manifesting itself
in every portion of this House, upon this and all
other interesting and important subjects; nor would
it long be confined within the narrow limits of these
walls; but, breaking over every barrier, through a
thousand different channels it would penetrate every
portion of the Union, scattering in its train all the
blessings attendant upon union, harmony, and
brotherly love. Whilst such are the ardent aspira-
tions of my soul, yet a sense of duty, and the deep
responsibility resting upon me as one of the rep-
resentatives upon this floor of the peculiar interests
of the South, require me to say to our northern
friends, that we cannot overleap the houndary of
this commendable example of our fathers; hi our
anxiety to do justice to others, we cannot, we dare
not, forget what is due to ourselves.
SPEECH OF MR. A. V. BROWN,
OF TENNESSEE.
In the House of Rqrresentatives, January 10, 1844—
Against receiving, referring, or reporting on abol-
ition petitions.
The unfinished business of the morning hour be-
ing the report of the Select Committee on the Rules,
and Mr. Dromgoole's motion to recommit the re-
port to the Select Committee—
Which motion Mr. Black, of Georgia, had moved
to amend, by adding instructions to the committee
to report the rule commonly known as the 21st:
(i. e. which excludes abolition petitions)—
Mr. A. V. BROWN, who was entitled to the
floor, resumed his remarks of a preceding day,
and continued thc-m during the remainder of his
hour.
The Committee on Rules had reported to this
House, (he said,) and in that report they had fur-
nished no rule whatsoever for its government in re-
lation to abolition petitions. He had already, in his
remarks on Saturday last, offered every complaint
upon this subject which he intended to offer. But,
having reported no rule at all, what 'would be the
condition of this House with reference to this mat-
ter? There were three courses, one of which must
be adopted. The first was, according to one mo-
tion now pending, that the 21st rule should be re-
ported by the committee; that was, in other words,
that these abolition petitions should not be received.
Another course, provided for by the instructions
which had been offered, was, that they should be
received, but laid on the table without' reference,
without report, without debate, or any other
action whatever. The third proposition was, ac-
cording to the report of the committee, that these
petitions should not only be received, but be refer-
red, reported, and acted on, like the ordinary busi-
ness of legislation. Now, some one of these three
modes must be embraced by this House, and be
decided on by the question now pending before the
House. . „
Mr.B. did not hesitate to be m favor of the 21st
rule. He had often voted for that rule; he was pre-
pared to vote for it again; and not only was he pre-
pared to vote for it, but he was ready here m his
place to stand up in vindication of that rule against
the arguments by which it had been assailed. What
had they heard against the 21st rule? Everybody
knew what they had heard from the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] and the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Giddings.] He asked not
what they had heard from them, .for they knew it
well Nor did he ask what they had heard against
that rule from the raving fanatics of the day. He
would rather inquire what they had heard from gen-
tlemen in this House during this session. What
had they heard from gentlemen here m their places,
and especially from the gentleman from iNew York
[Mr. Beardsley?] Why, they had been told that
the 21st rule was a violation of the great constitu-
tional rio-ht of petition. The gentleman from New
York had told them so; the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] coming from a region
crreatlv interested in the subject, had told them so.
Sir. B. denied it. The gentleman said that it not
only violated the great constitutional right of peti-
tion, but had dm en the petitioners out of tins had;
that it had driven them from their door with scorn
and contempt. Mr. B. denied it, and defied gentle-
men—(the word "defy" seemed well understood on
on the other side of the House, but its use, a few
days since, had not seemed so well understood on
this side of the House)—he defied these gentlemen,
one and all, to the proof. Where was the proot
upon the subject? It was on their journal, and lying
on their tables; and he defied gentlemen to the prooi
upon this subject. They might take -what petition
they pleased;'they might take the one said to nav^
