Jan. 1844..
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfife
Abolition Petitions—Mr. A. V. Brown.
H. of Reps.
tioners? If that were the reason, Mr. B. would not
show it, for he did not feel it.
Mr. B. wished now to state some reasons why
he was so much opposed to the reference of and
the report upon these petitions? The first was,
that if, at every session of Congress, their title to
their property was to be brought in question
upon this floor, it must of necessity diminish, if not
destroy the value of that property. He wanted
gentlemen to consider this: that every year, session
afte,r session, if they had no rule upon this subject,
their title to this description of property (which title
they admitted, and which he believed everybody
■ was prepared to admit, except abolitionists) would
annually be brought into question in this hall.
Would not this finally destroy its value' Suppose
a member of this House to have a good and inde-
feasible title to a tract of land, but vet to be sued for
it every year, and that lie was able to effect recove-
ry in every litigation: would it not be very natural
for him finally to be compelled to say, that although
}ie knew there was no outstanding "title, yet, if he
was to be sued every year for it, it would be better
to give it up to the man who asked for it, although
he knew that he had no title to it. If they had the
practice of referring these petitions at every session
of Congress, the question would be, "How does
that committee stand? How many of its members
are favorable to abolition, and how many opposed
to it' flow many will stay here all the timer Will
not some go home, and, by an accidental meeting of
the committee, may there not be found a majority
favorable to the purpose of abolition?" The veriest
accident in the -u orld might extract from the com-
mittee a report favorable to the petitioners. Alarm
and excitement under such a state of things would
pervade the whole South; our whole southern pop-
ulation would be tossed to and fro, like the waves
Of the ocean, at every vibration and change of par-
ties upon this floor. That was one reason why Mr.
B. would not begin to take jurisdiction of this ques-
tion, by reference to a committee.
But there was another reason which actuated Mr.
B. in his course upon this subject. Gentlemen
surely did not know what was going on in the
South. " In the spirit of liberality, and just humani-
ty too, they had taught many of their slaves to
read; they had relaxed the rigors of their fetters;
and with their children they had learned to read,
and some to write. Did they not see in a moment
the danger, under this state of things, of the debates
here annually—not now and then, once in four or
five years, but annually—being thrown out upon our
slave population' The abolitionists had already sent
missives to that region of country. They had first
addressed the owners of slaves, and had afterwards
sent their addresses to the slaves themselves. They
were there now, and were read by their slaves by
the flickering lamp at midnight; and so their re-
ports and debates, if they were to be made here an-
nually, would be read by them in like manner.
But in these addresses, and particularly in the ad-
dresses of the abolitionists themselves, what had
their slaves been told' They had told them to shed
no blood, but that they might steal their masters'
property of auy description necessary to expedite
their flight to the free States; and they were assured
that their friends were standing with open arms
ready to receive them anrVeonduct them to Canada.
That was what tlie.y were reading now, and no
man could tell what the result of that reading would
be, much less could they tell what dreadful results
mi slit ensue when they read the celebrated Pitts-
burg letter. In this letter a new idea was brought
forward and presented to their view. The opin-
ion was advanced ill it that emancipation would
come; that the'abolition of slavery would be ef-
fected in some way or other—whether peaceably,
or by blood, it was not known; but, in whatever
way it should come, the writer of that letter
was in favor of it. When that should be read by
their slaves, 110 mortal man could tell what the con-
sequences would be. Where had the idea of blood
been tekrn from1 (asked Mr. B.) The gentleman
from Massachusetts had snatched it from the incen-
diary fires and massacres of St. Domingo. There
they shed the blood of the sleeping infant, and pierc-
ing its yet warm and writhing body with a stake,
marched under it as their banner, with the sword in
one hand and the faggot in the other. Who could tell,
when these things were read at midnight by the very
slaves whom they had favored and taught to read tor
another and better purpose, what would be the re-
sult' So man could predict. Hence it was that
they of the South stood here asking their real friends
of the North never—if they could not go with them
for the exclusion of these petitions; if they thought
that was too strong a proposition, and insisted upon
their reception—never to go beyond the reception,
or make these petitions the subject of reference, re-
port, and debate in this hall. Our safety (said Mr.
B.) depends upon it: the safety of the bright and
glorious Union depends upon it. And he wished to
say to gentlemen of the North, "You understand
what is the intimation of your people upon this sub-
ject; you know better how this 21st rule has been
mystified, if not misrepresented. If your safety de-
pends upon the relaxation ar explanation of the
rule, why, give it; but when you have done that, be
satisfied. When you have secured the great consti-
tutional principle of petition, there stop. There
your principles stop. Beyond that, you are not
bound to go; beyond that, you ought not to go; be-
yond that, you cannot go, in my humble judgment,
consistently with the great compromises contained
in the constitution."
Now, this was the position of southern gentlemen
here. They were of course prepared to vote the
strongest measure; they were prepared to exclude
these petitions. They did vote to exclude them.
The question was, whether this House had any
constitutional jurisdiction over this subject. Every-
body knew they had not. But they of the South—
many of them.—thought the reception of these peti-
tions was taking the first step in the assumption of
jurisdiction. I (said Mr. B.) go for the strongest
rule; but if thatis too strong either for your judgment,
or for that of the people you represent, then give us
another rule which will not violate the opinion of
your constituents, but which will insure compara-
tive safety and repose to the South. Southern gen-
tlemen could not so much object to that. If they
could not get the strongest ar.a best rule, then they
had a right to the next strongest and next best.
That rule might admit of the clear reception of peti-
tions, but not of their reference to a committee, or of
report, or debate upon them, as would occur if there
were to be 110 rule upon the subject; not occasional-
ly, once in five or six years, but every year. Ses-
sion after session, they would come up to be debated
here, which, in his humble judgment, could not be
done consistently with the great principles of the
constitution; and let him again ask gentlemen, who
not mean finally ever to give the redress asked for by
the petitioners, why tliey should be debated, or re-
ported on, or referred? To do so would be but an
idle mockery, or a hypocritical pretension.
Mr. Brown said, so for he had spoken to those
who were sensitive 011 the right of peti-
tion. He had attempted to show that this
■right was not violated in the slightest degree
by the 21st rule. lie had often sustained this
opinion by his votes, and he meant now and forever
so to sustain it. He hoped that no man, either in
the South or in the North, who entertained the same
opinion, would fait er or hesitate one moment on the
subject. Buthe could not be insensible to what was
passing around Iiim. He saw, or feared he saw, in
the already recorded votes of this House, 111 the re-
port now under discussion, 111 the speeches of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Beardslkv,] and
in that of the gentleman from Noitli Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] and. more than all, in the exulting
shout of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] that this 21st rule was doomed to fall.
Hence it was, that he had made an appeal, not to
him of Massachusetts—not to him of Ohio—but to all
those who professed only to be desirous of preserv-
ing the right of petition, to go that far, but 110 far-
ther. All beyond that was concession to the fell
spirit of abolition; and no man could be held guilt-
less who pandered to its wickedness and its folly.
The South will hold 110 man guiltless who shall go
one inch beyond the right of petition. He must
answer for every fire that may be kindled, and for
every drop of blood that may be shed, "ies, sir, I
will say to the gentleman from New York, and from
North "Caiolina, if this House shall go one inch be-
yond that, they may have to stand answerable for
the shattered and broken fragments of the Union it-
self. Going beyond that, the highest hopes and the
blackest designs of abolition may find at last their
accomplishment:—110, (said Mr. B.,) I am wrong m
that. These designs, whatever else may happen,
can never be accomplished in any of the ways now
proposed. All the efforts now making by them only
rivet the chains of slavery moresecurely, or make their
weight more galling ana oppressive. Itr Grod's own
time, and by means of-his selection, these chains may
fall, and the bondsman go free. Left to thesft
means, unprecipitated by the ofRciousness of fanati-
cism,—the enlightened humanity of the age, the
diffusion of religious knowledge, and even the bet-
ter-estimated self-interest of the master, will soften
the rigors of bondage, and render the slave (as he
now is in many cases) but little inferior, in thegreat
elements of happiness, to the master he serves.
Give slavery but scope and compass—let it dilate
itself over ample space—and it loses much of that
oppression which even a morbid humanity could
deplore. In much of Tennessee, of Kentucky, of
North Carolina, and other States of the South, •
where slavery is not too much condensed, I hesi-
tate not to say that, in point of care and anxie-
ty, in point of abundance of food and raiment, of
healthful but humble habitation, the slave is but lit-
tle distinguished from the master. They labor in
the same fields, partake of the same food, repose
during the same period, and often participate in the
same amusements. All ancient barbarity of punish-
ment has disappeared; and the criminal code of the
master has kept pace with the amelioration of the
criminal co£e of all civilized nations. This cheer-
ing picture, I admit, assumes a darker coloring as
you approach the more densely populated regions
of the South. But even there, hundreds and thou-
sands of our slaves, were they to visit (as some of
them have done) the free States in the North, and
scan with an eye of intelligence the condition of
their colored brethren, would turn revolting from
the spectacle, and cling, with gratitude and joy to
the protective care and enlightened humanity of
their masters. Mr. B. would repeat his sol-
emn convictions, that the means now used
by abolitionists could never bring anything
to the colored mail of the South but an
increase of discontent with his present condition.
That discontent may bring to him death and destruc-
tion. It may lead him to revolt against his master.
Without arms, without ammunition, without discip-
line, without numbers compared with the whites,
what could he do? He is hung up on the gibbet,
or shot down by his pursuers in the fields which he
once contentedly cultivated, or in the forest where
so often he pursued his game, the more joyous "com-
panion of his master. If the injudicious and really
inhuman projects of the abolitionists were to in-
duce our slaves to run away from the South, and
seek the aid of their supposed friends in the North,
what would be their condition? Would the aboli-
tionists prove to be their friends then? No. They
would be refused a settlement among them. They
would be forced away to the cold and frozen re-
gions of Canada, to perish or to starve; or be driven
away like beasts among the Indian tribes of the
West, to be enslaved by them, or butchered by the
Camanche or other savage nations of the forest.
Sir, it is impossible to tell the precise manner of
their expulsion and destruction; but expelled and
destroyed they would be, whilst true religion and
humanity would long weep over their unhappy des-
tiny. Sir, they are comparatively happy now; let
them alone. They are fed well, they are clothed
well, they are housed well; they do not labor more
01- harder than the poor of our own color, whose
necessities require that they should labor for their
subsistence. Let them alone. They are ours by
purchase. You of the North (some of you) first
kidnapped them, and then brought and sold them to
us. Were we to liberate them to-morrow, you
would not receive them. You would treat them with
a thousand-fold more barbarity than ever they were
treated with by us. Then let them alone; your benev-
olence, false, and often hypocritical as "it is, would
but kill and destroy them. Let them alone. God
in his love, and religion in her holiness, will do
more and better for them than you ever can or will
do. But I forget (said Mr. B.) that I speak to a
bigotry that has no iieart, and to a fanaticism that
has no ears. I turn, therefore, from them to the
men and patriots who belong to these halls—the
successois of those illustrious men who reared this
temple, and consecrated it forever to the Union and
the constitution. If thy people shall lift up their
eyes to this temple, and pray thee for what it is
lawful to grant them under that constitution, hear
thou and answer them-. But if they ask thee for
what will rend that constitution, and sunder forever
that bright and glorious Union, be thou as deaf and
insensible as the marble pillars which surround you,
