Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Boivlin.
H. of Eeps.
ecute these works. This question can successfully
be answered in a variety of ways.
First: The constitution of the United States does
not tolerate compacts between the States, without
the assent of Congress. This might be deemed a
sufficient answer to the question. But to meet the
reply, that Congress would grant such assent upon
a requisition, I shall proceed to submit other reasons
why such a scheme would be wholly impracticable.
Secondly, then, by what rule of action would the
States be able to adjust the amount of expenditures
to be appled to each, corresponding to the amount
of benefits received? Can any gentleman solve such
a problem? Can lie point out a rule of adjustment
that would, m practical effect, work out a just dis-
tribution? It would not do to take population as the
guide, nor property, nor both, because some of the
States being situated upon the lakes and rivers, and
some having no other outlet to their con^merce, but
the rivers, any such rule would be unequal and un-
just.
Thirdly: Such compacts would have a direct
tendency to weaken the bonds of the Union, and
destroy the attachment of the people for their Gov-
ernment.
Fourthly: It would be precisely as unjust in
principle to impose this burden upon a few of the
States, as to impose it upon one, for the benefit of
the whole. The amount of imposition is only les-
sened as the burden is divided; the principle of in-
justice is precisely the same.
Besides, the six millions of people who have set-
tled in the valley of the Mississippi, and paid millions
into the public treasury for their lands, went there
under the implied faith contained in the ordinance of
1787, that, as this government retained the rivers,
she would not keep them in a condition to render
them of little practical utility. By the system of
policy pursued by the government to induce emi-
gration and settlement there, to provide an ample
market for her lands, she has planted a population
in that valley, whose productive industry amounts
to more than the exports from the Atlantic borders;
and yet these people are to be told that their com-
merce is to receive no protection.
Under this view of the operation oT the ordi-
nance of 1787, and the peculiar position which these
rivers occupy m relation to the government, and to
the people who have settled the lands upon their
borders, and in view of the fact that the ordinance
is anterior to the constitution itself, 1 am puzzled to
understand how any one can doubt about the obli-
gations of the government to protect their naviga-
tion. If our claims to this appropriation stood alone
upon the ordinance and treaty, 1 flatter myself that
they alone are sufficient to entitle us to all the re-
lief demanded.
But lest some gentleman may fancy that our con-
stitutional claim to relief is not made out, I shall
proceed to examine the other branch of the consti-
tutional question, as founded upon the relations and
obligations of the government to the commerce of
the country.
Under the power in the constitution to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and amongst the
several States, improvements upon the Atlantic coast
have been commensurate with the existence of the
government itself. Immediately upon the adoption
of the constitution, the power to improve harbors,
erect light-houses, build piers, and establish buoys
and beacons, and improve navigable rivers, was as-
serted, and has continued the practice of the govern-
ment up to this day. Whatever diversity of opinion
might have originally existed about the exercise of
this power, the uniform practice of the government,
with the continued acquiescence of the people, has
established it as the true construction of the clause
regulating foreign commerce. Indeed, this rule of
construction has been established by the highest ju-
dicial tribunal in the country.
Then, this qviestion as to construction being set-
tled, it may be proper to inquire, in view of the ex-
ercise of this power, what are navigable rivers? It
is true, according to the common-law idea upon this
subject, that navigable rivers only exteud as far as
the tides from the ocean roll back. And having de-
rived our notions of jurisprudence, as well as a great
deal of our political science, from that country
where the common law had its origin, we are too
apt to apply principles there settled, without regard
to their applicability to our wants or our condition.
Now, this common-law idea of a navigable river ex-
tending only with the flow of the tide, grew and
ripened to its present maturity in an island where
(heir streams are small, and the influx of the ocean
is necessary to make them navigable at all. Hence,
the idea there of navigable streams was limited by
the influx of the sea. Now that doctrine in England
is good, and founded on the maturest wisdom; but
it becomes utter folly when applied to a country
more than thirty times the geographical extent, and
with fresh-water rivers thateould float a sliip-of-the-
line. By way of illustration: Suppose the common
lav/ that establishes this principle had grown up in
the valley of the Mississippi, instead of a little ocean-
bound island: would it have entered into the comcep-
tion of man to have fixed the boundary of the naviga-
ble character of the Mississippi by the influx of the
tide? No, never. The common law would have
established no such falsehood, no such folly. The
boundary of its navigable character would, by such
a common law, have been fixed thousands of miles
in the interior, because that would have been in
accordance with the facts. And w-e are too apt to
fasten settled principles of other countries upon our
system, because they were true there, without re-
gard to the nature of our institutions, the condition
of our people, or the geographical position of our
country. If, then, the framers of the constitution
granted the power to remove obstructions from navi-
gable streams, (and that they did is now a settled
question,) they must have done it in view of the
country for which they were establishing organic
laws, and not m view of the doctrines settled by the
common law, which were wholly inapplicable to the
conntry. Then, sir, if it be true, as it seems now
to be settled, that Congress has the power to remove
obstructions from navigable streams, it is clear that
the Mississippi river and its tributaries become the
legitimate objects for the exercise of such power.
In endeavoring to adjust this vexed question, and
resist a reckless system of legislation upon the sub-
ject of improvements, General Jackson seems to
have recognised fully the principle, that the Ameri-
can navigable stream was not limited to the common-
law regulation; for if he had, he would certainly
have avowed it his veto message, where he so fully
and so ably reviewed the subject, and found so much
difficulty in limiting and restraining the exercise of
this power to its legitimate functions. The rules by
which he seems to have been guided in approving
appropriations for the removal of obstructions from
navigable streams, were, whether the objects were
national, in contradistinction to local, in their char-
acter; or general, in contradistinction to partial, in
their benefits; and by way of producing uniformity
in his action upon tins subject, he fixed ports of en-
try as a limit, beyond which he was not prepared
to go; showing clearly that he did not recognise the
common-law rule, and sought, for one better adapted
to the true condition of the country.
Then, sir, I hold, that if the power to regulate
commerce is to be exerted (and it has constantly
been) to improve the waters upon the Atlantic coast,
for commercial purposes, the same rule would
apply with ten-fold force when applied to the
waters of the Mississippi, as the necessity for such
interposition is increased in that proportion. Every
view of this subject of which it is susceptible, estab-
lishes our constitutional right to the relief we de-
mand. And m support of the construction thus
given to the constitutional power, we may refer to
the continued and acquiesced in action of the Gov-
ernment for a long series of years. The adminis-
trators of the government have uniformly acted in
conformity with this construction, and the people
have fully sanctioned it by their acquiescence; and it
is too late now to tell tliem that these works are to
be stopped, in conformity to some technical idea, of
foreign importation, of what constitutes a navigable
stream.
Having, as I conceive, answered the constitution-
al objections, I shall now proceed to present the
justice of our claims upon the government, as found-
ed upon the extent of our country, the magnitude of
our rivers, and the immense value of our commerce.
And in doing this, by way of contrast, I may occa-
sionally bring to the recollection of gentlemen the
nature, character, and amount of expenditure of
this kind, which have been lavished with a bounti-
ful hand upon the Atlantic border.
The great valley which is drained by the Missis-
sippi and her tributaries, extends from about twen-
ty-nine to forty-seven degrees north latitude, and
from the Alleghanies to the Rocky mountains, con-
stituting an area of more than a million of square
miles, embracing almost every variety of climate,
That portion of it already inhabited and organized
under civil governments, stretches the full extent
from north to south, and is of an average breadth
of about ten or twelve degrees, making about four
hundred and thirty thousand square miles, intersect-
ed in every direction with the most beautiful navi-
gable streams, and presenting a uniform soil, unri-
valled on the globe for richness. The productions
of this vast territory correspond with the respective
latitudes, and present every variety, from those pe-
culiar to the frigid north, to the sunny south. With-
in this region are embraced, also, the richest miner-
als in the United States, producing now, when the
country is as yet but sparsely settled, - and the
mines worked upon a limited scale, more, perhaps,
in value, than the rest of this confederacy together.
Indeed, in this great valley, nature seems to have
worked upon her most splendid scale. The mag-
nificence of its rivers, the productiveness of its soil, -
the richness of its minerals, the variety of its cli-
mate, all mark it as a land where, in the language of
Jefferson, the brightest hope of the republic might
rest. Such is a faint picture of that valley, which,
in little over half a century, has changed from an al-
most interminable forest, spotted over with savage
tribes, to a land of nearly seven millions of enlight-
ened people, who, by their unaided enterprise, have
made the fields yield their fruits in abundance, ajid
have erected flourishing cities, as living monuments
of her commerce.
The inhabited portions of this great valley now
contain nine States and two Territories, embracing
a population of between six and seven millions of
people; nearly all dependent, for an outlet for the
surplus of their productive industry—an amount
more than equal to the whole exports of the Atlan-
tic coast—on the Mississippi and her tributaries.
As we have no home department in this government,
by which we could arrive at an accurate account of
the amount of this internal commerce, we have to
resort to such statistical information as we can pro-
cure; and such, I flatter myself, will warrant the
conclusions which I draw. But the statistics on
which I rely, though possibly not as accurate as a
custom-house report, are yet worthy of all confi-
dence, as the result of the continued observation
and intelligence of some of the most enlightened
shippers and merchants of our inland cities, acting
through their chambers of commerce. And I here
acknowledge, with pleasure, my indebtedness, for
my statistical information, to a very able report of
A. B. Chambers, esq , to the chamber of commerce
of St. Louis, in 1842, and the very able memorial
of Judge Hall, drawn and submitted, in 1843, to a
meeting of the citizens of Cincinnati—documents
containing invaluable information upon western
commerce and navigation, which I regret are not in
the hands of every member of this House. From
these documents, compiled with the best efforts to
accuracy, results will be shown which will astonish
any one who has not carefully watched the unpar-
alleled growth of that great country. Indeed, the
facts themselves almost assume the character of fic-
tions; and the most stubborn realities outstrip the
dreams of the enthusiast. "Who would believe that
the navigation upon these waters had, in less than
thirty years, increased from an annual tonnage of
two thousand up to more than two millions? Who
would believe that the commerce which, within that
period, employed only twenty cordelled boats, car- •
rying one hundred tons each, and making one trip
a year, now employs more than fine hundred steam-
boats, which, by the rapidity of their movements,
and the repetition of trips, make an annual tonnage
of more than two millions? Who would believe
that, within the same period, cities have sprung up,
ranging from thirteen hundred to two thousand
miles inland, which, for wealth, refinement, and
magnificence, may proudly compare with most of
your eastern cities? Yet such are the facts. All
this, and oven more, has been brought to pass by
the energies of an enterprising people, while labor-
ing all the time under the embarrassment of having
their country constantly drained of money in pay-
ment for the public lands, and their commerce taxed,
by way of insurance, on account of the dangers of
navigation, to an enormous extent.
In 1842 the investments in steamboats upon the
western waters amounted to seven million two
hundred thousand dollars, upon which the insurance
alone ranges from twelve to eighteen per cent, per
annum; many of the best offices refusing to insure
hulls even at that enormous rate, on account of the
greatness of the risk, showing an amount of insu-
rance alone upon the hulls, of more than a million of
dollars per annum. If such be the amount of tax
paid upon the hulls, what is the amount when ap-
plied to the cargoes? certainly some twelve or fifteen
