76
APPENDIX-T£> THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
times as valuable. And this enormous tax is paid
alike upon the imports as well as the exports; and,
unlike the impost duty which goes to the support of
government, is a tax which benefits no one—is com-
pletely thrown away—poured out as a premium to
the destructive character of the navigation.
And in the absence of any correct data as to the
amount of imports and exports, a tolerably correct
idea may be arrived at, by adding to the invest-
ments in hulls some thirteen millions of dollars, the
ascertained cost of transportation upon these waters
per annum. To these may also be added the fact,
that, by the census of 1840, the grain alone raised in
this valley amounted to upwards of two hundred
and eighty-four millions of bushels—nearly fifty to
the head of every inhabitant. And yet, doubtless,
this falls far short of the actual amount, owing to a
political manoeuvre used at the time to alarm the
people, by inducing them to believe that the then
administration was procuring this information with
a view to direct taxation upon their products It is
notorious that many, under this false impression,
brought about for political effect, refused positively
to give in their prducts; and those who did, in many
instances put it to the lowest amount, by way of
lightening the anticipated burden of taxation. From
these, and other means of information resorted to,
it has been ascertained that the productions of the
western States, freighted upon the Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers, amount annually to about one hundred
ana twenty millions of dollars; and even this increas-
ing with a rapidity unparalleled in the history of
any country. Now, let gentlemen apply the in-
creased premium of insurance inflicted in conse-
quence of the dangers of the navigation, upon this
enormous sum of the productive labor of the West,
and they will find a sum actually thrown away from
year to year, calculated to astonish those who have
not reflected upon the subject.
And, sir, what are these rivers which water this
immense valley of country, and through which her
commerce must flow for all time to come, increas-
ing with the increased population of the country?
Viewed in a state of nature, as the government has,
as yet, nearly left them, they present an extent of
navigable waters spread over the great valley, and
drained through a single trunk, unparalleled upon
the globe. There they lie, like the great valley they
drain, among the monuments of nature's noblest
works. They aro in no State; they belong to no
State. They are the great boundaries of republics,
draining almost a continent in extent. The mind
that could contemplate the almost boundless extent
of these streams, and then regard them as local m
character, or partial in their beneficial effects, must
be limited indeed.
The navigable length of the Mississippi and her
tributaries is about twelve thousand miles, washing
a coast on both sides of twenty-four thousand, ca-
pacious enough, in all this vast extent, for steam-
boat navigation, and, in a large portion of it, for
boats of the largest class. But this navigation is
endangered, particularly in the Mississippi and Mis-
souri, almost alone by snags, which have accumu-
lated in their beds, and lie concealed beneath the
surface of the water, and it is foi the removal of
these snags that the present appropriation is asked.
And it might here be remarked, byway of an as-
surance to gentlemen that it was not going to be a
perpetual dram upon the treasury, that these snags
have been the accumulation of ages; and, when once
removed, from the very nature of things, would not
be suffered to accumulate, even if the agitation
of the water by the steamboats did not itself pre-
vent it.
And has the government no slake in this mattei?
Has she no interest in the beautiful country drained
by these streams? Has she no interest in the
streams themselves, to facilitate her military opera-
tions? Let the records of the past, and the history
of the present, tell the tale of her interest. She has
already sold land within tins valley to the amount
of one hundred and seventy millions of dollars, and
realized from their proceeds into the public treasury
ninety-two millions. From the year 1834 to 1841
inclusive, (being eight years,) she received from the
States and Tenitories alone, for the sale of public
lands bordering these streams, excluding Alabama
and Michigan, upwards of fifty-six millions of dol-
lars. And she now owns nearly three hundred mil-
lions of acres in the government-organized portions
of this valley, and upwards of seven hundred mil-
lions of acres beyond. And what has brought, and
what is still to bring, her public lands into'market,
but the settlement induced by the commercial ad- :
vantages of these great national highways? Had it
not been for them, would that territory have now
contained her' seven millions of population, adding
annually by their productions one hundred and
twenty millions to the aggregate wealth of the nation?
Can any one, in view of these facts, seriously ask
the question, have the government and people of the
United States any interest in these great streams?
Besides, it has been for several years, and continues
to be, the policy of this government to remove
their troublesome neighbors (the Indian tribes) to
our western frontier, where, accumulating in great
numbers, they have to be awed into peace by a"
military force; and does the government not want
the use of these streams for the transportation of
troops and munitions of war? Is she not, then, in-
terested—yea, deeply interested—in these waters,
in every point of view in which the subject is sus-
ceptible of being presented? Is she not interested in
them, then, as a source of revenue? Is she not in-
terested in them as the great landholder upon their
borders? Is she not interested m them on account
of the aggregate national wealth they serve to con-
tribute? Is she not interested in them as a means
of national defence? Yes, this government is most
deeply interested in every improvement which de-
velopes the resources of the country, stimulates the
enterprise of the people, enhances the value of her
own property, and facilitates the means of national
defence. Amongst the elements of the prosperity
of the great West, nothing has contributed more to
her unparalleled advancement than her internal nav-
igation. Such is a faint picture of the West, her
productions, her commerce, her almost unbounded
plains, and almost unlimited rivers. And, in view
of the picture thus presented, I ask gentlemen if she
is not entitled to the protection and the fostering care
of the government, which she demands.
But there is another view of this subject, which
appeals with equal force to the fostering care of the
government, and that a more gloomy and melancholy
picture, arising from the perils of the navigation, and
the destruction of her commerce. Were it to be told
here that the perils of the Atlantic navigation were
five per cent, per annum upon the number of vessels
employed, it would strike every hearer with pro-
found astonishment; yet the perils of our rivers,
nearer four times five per cent., may be announced,
without seeming to awaken the slightest emotion.
Why is this' Is property or life less valuable in the
West than in the East? Or is it an apathy arising
from a familiarity with the calamities that every-
where mark the course of the navigators upon these
streams? If it arises from the latter cause, there is
some apology found in the fact that there are dis-
asters enough to awaken emotions in the breast of
the stoic by their magnitude, and familiarize the
philanthropist, by their numbers.
By way of illustrating more fully the perils of this
navigation, a few statistical facts, drawn from au-
thentic sources, may be profitably submitted. The
St. Louis insurance offices alone show a loss on car-
goes and hulls, in four years preceding 1841, of one
million thirty-six thousand dollars; and, at that
time, was the least of the four great inland cities.
Now, take into consideration the amount insured at
other places, a great portion of the importations be-
ing insured in the East where procured, together
with the probable amount lost which was not insur-
ed, and the mind maybe led to some reasonable cal-
culation of the perils of this commerce. In the year
1838 one hundred and fourteen boats were lost upon
the Mississippi and her tributaries; since which I
have no general account of the whole loss in any
year.
But we have data at St. Louis, from which the
mind may workout its own conclusions. In the
year 1839, there were licensed and enrolled at St.
Louis, eighty-two boats; of these, owned there forty-
five, lost thirteen. In 1840, licensed and enrolled
sixty-five; owned there forty, lost fourteen. In
1841, licensed and enrolled one hundred and two;
owned there eighty-one, lost fourteen—making a per
centage of loss unexampled in any other portion of
this country. And it is to be remarked, that the
losses are numbered out of the boats owned or licens-
ed at that port. The loss of boats trading to that
port in 1841, was twenty-three during the year, of
an aggregate value of hulls, as taken from the insu-
rance offices, of three hundred and thirty-one thou-
sand dollars. Then add to this list the probable
amount of cargoes, and you have property enough
in amount that has perished in one year trading
from the single port of St. Louis, to perform nearly
all the work demanded. And much the greater J
portion of these boats are lost by snags in the Mis-
sissippi and Missouri, where this kind of obstruc-
tion is peculiar to those rivers. I might carry this
detail further; but I will not. I have shown enough
to entitle us to relief upon this ground, and the sub-
ject has nothing in it to please the fancy or charm
me beyond an imperative duty.
And what, sir, think you, will be the effect of
withholding appropriations from these improve-
ments? Our ills will multiply in proportion to the
increase of commerce and the increase of obstruc-
tions. Each year's disasters will tell a more mel-
ancholy tale that the last—a greater sacrifice of
property, of human life. Such is the natural re-
sult of things. We cannot escape it, except by the
means proposed; and those means we ask, not as
suppliants to those who have no power to give, but
demand them as rights, from the legitimate authority
to pass upon our claims.
But gentlemen ask, where is the money to come
from? I will tell them. Repeal your protective tariff
laws; cease to try to deceive the people with the
vain sophistry that increased impositions of taxa-
tion lightens the burden; cease to tax the whole
people for the benefit of the few; lay your rev-
enue tariff—one that will impose the lightest burdens
upon the people, and raise the greatest revenue, and
you will have money enough for all the legitimate
purposes of government, without having to resort
to loans. This is one remedy. But I can tell them
another. Retrench the useless expenditures of the
government; and when you are expending your
millions upon your buoys, beacons, yourbreak-
waters, your harbors, and your light-houses in the
East, to protect foreign commerce, remember that a
portion of that sum might be quite as legitimately
expended in protecting the internal commerce of the
West.
Sir, I am not in the habit of indulging in the lan-
guage of threats; but I may be permitted to repeat,
what is apparent to every gentleman in this House,
that the star of empire is tending to the West. The
time is not far distant when the power of this gov-
ernment will be in the valley of the Mississippi.
And when that power comes, what think you will
be its effect upon the people, who behold the coasts
of their magnificent rivers lined with tombstones,
and their beds studded with wrecks, standing as
melancholy monuments of the neglect of this gov-
ernment? _ I will not say they would trample upon
the constitution; no, sir, no; they venerate that
sacred instrument too highly; they have too much
patriotism. But they would tell you, in a language
not to be mistaken, that they could not see the force
of the distinction by which the commerce of the
East was to be protected, while the commerce of
the West was to be neglected. They would resolve
your doubts, whether a river with her tributaries,
giving twelve thousand miles of navigable water
and floating hundreds of millions of commerce
upon her bosom, was a national or local object.
Sir, it is time this government should do some-
thing worthy of herself on those great streams.
The wrecks of boats have become too familiar to our
ears. I have in the last week seen announced in
the papers three wrecks upon the Mississippi, with-
in a hundred miles of St. Louis, the city of my
adoption. In the two former no lives were lost; and
though they may have stricken pain and sorrow
to the hearts of those who were beggared by the loss,
yet they passed by as an idle wind, or all thoughts of
them were absorbed in the greater calamity of the
last—I allude to the steamer She.phcrdess, the news
of whose wreck, with a loss of human lives vari-
ously estimated from forty to one hundred, reached
as the day before yesterday. It was a melancholy
tale of the disasters of that stream, whose verv re-
cital would make the stoutest heart quail. SheSvas
bound from Louisville to St. Louis, crowded with
passengers; she had almost finished her perilous
trip; she had arrived in sight, and almost in the
very harbor of that beautiful city, to which her pas-
sengers anxiously, no doubt, looked as theha\en
of her hopes—a home of refuge from the storms of
winder. But our bright hopes are too often deceit-
ful; she struck—and in an instant despair supplied
the place of hope. She filled so fast that those on
the lower deck chiefly fell victims to the angry
waves. Those qp the upper deck sought safety
upon the hurricane-deck, from whence, at daylight,
the survivors who had not been thrown off by re-
peated strikings of the boat, or perished by the cold,
were taken to a place of succor and of safety.
Amidst the general gloom which such a calamity
is calculated to spread, I felt a glow of pride on rea d
