CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
floor taken away from them. Now, his frieni} from
Tennessee [Mr. Ashe] represented a State contain-
ing a great number of slaves. Suppose three-fifths
of the slave population of that State were equal to
the whole number of whits inhabitants: then, by
taking away the representation to which she is en-
titled from her slaves, the State would be de-
prived of one half of her representatives.
That was one reason why he supposed the re-
ception of abolition petitions was a violation of the
Constitution. One other view of the subject he had
to offer, which was the principal reason he had for
rising. He took the proposition admitted by all
abolitionists, as well as others, that Congress had
no right to interfere with slavery as it exists in the
States#- That question was settled, and was per-
manently and fundamentally the law of the land.
But he went further, and maintained that Congress
had no power to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia; and to this question he begged leave to
call the sober judgments of the members of the
House. Could Congress, in this District, pass a
law for the establishment of religion, or prohibiting
the free exercise thereof? Unquestionably not.
Could Congress establish, in this District, an order
of nobility, or take away the trial by jury, or
abridge the freedom of speech, or establish a reli-
gious test as a qualification for office? Congress
could do none of these things; and he asked why?
Congress could not enact such laws, because they
were forbidden by the limitations, in the Consti-
tution. But gentlemen said that the clause delega-
ting power over this District was very broad. He
would read it, to show to what extent it went:
"Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive
legislation in all cases whatsoever over such District
(not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession
of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress,
become the seat of Government of the United
States."
Nov/, gentlemen said, that, as respected the Dis-
trict of Columbia, they had the same right to legis-
late as the States had to legislate for the States. He
admitted that Congress could legislate for the peo-
ple of the District, except in cases where they were
restricted by the Constitution: and in determining t
the powers given by the Constitution, they must in-
terpret it oh the principle that the Constitution was
a unit. Congress was created by the Constitution,
and there was but one Constitution and but one
Congress; and when that Congress was willing to act,
it must always act subject to the restrictions, checks,
and drawbacks of the Constitution. Why, if these
principles of construction did not applyto this District,
and to the power of Congress over this District—lie
repeated, if these limitations did not thus apply, what
was it that Congress could not do? She could
abridge the freedom of speech and of the press; she
could create a titled nobility if she pleased; she could
take away trial by jury; she could demand excessive
bail; she could inflict cruel and unusual punishments;
in short, he asked, what would not Congress be able
to do?
He thought, then, that inasmuch as Congress could
not abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, be-
cause it would be equivalent to an exercise of power
abolishing slavery in the States, to receive petitions
for the abolition of slavery was to receive petitions
asking for a violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. This he was not willing to do. After a
few other observations, he renewed the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS desired the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw that motion; but the request
was not complied with; and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions were presented under a
rule of the House, and appropriately referred:
By Mr. SMITH of Illinois: The petition of Jas.
Reid, a soldier wounded in the late war, praying a
pension: referred to the Committee 011 Invalid Pen-
sions. AJso, the petition of the heirs at law of Wil-
liam Arnold, deceased, a soldier in the last war with
Great Britain, praying for the right to locate the 160
acres of land falling to said Arnold in the State of
Illinois: referred to the Committee of Claims. Al-
so, the petition of Timothy Souther, praying in-
demnity for certain moneys expended by him for
the Government: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of citizens of the
Territory of Iowa, praying Congress to pass a law
for the occupation of Oregon. Also, the petition of
sundry citizens of the State of Missouri, praying
the removal of the circuit court for the Missouri
district from St. Louis to the city of Jefferson, the
seat of government of the State of Missouri.
By Mr. OWEN: From certain citizens of In-
diana, praying for the armed occupation of Oregon:
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: A me-
emorial from the Howard Institution of Wash-
ing city, praying an appropriation of a portion of
the public lots in this city to aid in the erection of
buildings: referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Seth Adams,
of Zanesville, Ohio, praying for indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York: A petition of
John M. King, of Troy, New York, in reference to
his claim for bounty land: referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims. Also, a petition of Jonas
D. Piatt, of Troy, in the State of New York, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812 with Great Britain, for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 22, 1843.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was order-
ed that the petition of Mary E. Zantzinger, the
widow of Captain Richard P. Zantzinger, asking for
a pension, be taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from citizens
of the United States, upon the subject of the occu-
pation of the Oregon Territory, praying for the pas-
sage of a bill giving encouragement and protection to
the emigrants to that Territory: referred to the se-
lect committee upon the subject.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial upon the
same subject, and with a like prayer; which was re-
ferred to the select committee on the Oregon.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
to refund to the State of Massachusetts the balance
due her for disbursements during the war.
Mr. FOSTER presented resolutions from the Le-
gislature of Tennessee, instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives from that State to
vote for the passage of a law abolishing the army or-
der No. 40 of 1842, and restoring General Gaines to
his rank in the army: ordered to be printed.
Mr. JARNAGIN gave notice that he would, the
earliest day practicable, ask leave to introduce a bill
to carry into effect the purposes of the above resolu-
tions.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported in favor of printing the report of the
Secretary of State, showing the changes m the com-
mercial systems of other nations; which was con-
curred in.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Isaac Ilsley;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading;
and the report accompanying the same ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BARROW submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day, under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to the Senate, so far as. m his judgment, the same may be
done without prejudice to the public interests, such infor-
mation as he may possess relating to claims of citizens of
the United States upon the Republic of Mexico, and the
correspondence which may have occurred in reference to
the same.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies one day on the table, under the rule,
viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the pro-
ceedings of the court-martial in the case of second lieuten-
ant D. C. Buell, third infantry, and of all orders and pa-
pers in relation thereto, from the original order for assem-
bling the court to the final order for the "dispersion" of its
members.
Senate bill for the relief of Eneas Munson came
up for consideration, but was again laid upon the
table. , ,
On motion by Mr. BARROW, it was ordered,
that when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday next.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of executive business; and,
after a short time thereon, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 22,1843.
After prayer by the Rev. J, S. Tinsley,
The journal of yesterday was read by the Clerk;
when
Mr. ADAMS rose, and desired that it might be
amended. It was stated upon the journal that he
(Mr. Adams) had been called to order by the
Speaker for making offensive remarks. His own
understanding of the matter was, that he had been
called to order for irrelevancy by the gentleman
from North Carolina, and he believed it was upon
that ground that the Speaker had decided that he
was out of order. He certainly had not intended
anything offensive, and he did not understand that
it was upon that ground that he had been called to
order.
The SPEAKER explained to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that he had been first called to order
for irrelevancy; and being afterwards permitted to
proceed, he was again called to order for remarks
that were considered by the Chair offensive to" the
House.
Mr. ADAMS said he wished it stated upon the
journal that he was called to order for irrelevancy;
and if the Speafcer thought proper, in addition to
that, to have it stated upon the journal that he had
been called to order for offensive jgmarks, he would
have no objection. Sp
The SPEAKER put the quesOTi upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Adams to amend the journal; which mo-
tion was carried in the affirmative.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana rose to request that the
journal be amended, by inserting a motion which
he had made (and which he supposed had been
overlooked by the Clerk) to refer the resolutions of
the Legislature of Massachusetts to a committee, to
be composed of a member from each of the States.
The SPEAKER observed to the gentleman from
Indiana, that he had regarded it as a mere sugges-
tion, and not a motion; and that the suggestion itself
had been afterwards withdrawn.
• Mr. SMITH then withdrew his proposition to
amend.
Mr. FRENCH rose and said he desired to make
an explanation in regard to certain remarks which
were attributed to him in a newspaper of this morn-
ing, in reference to petitions on the subject of the
abolition of slavery.
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentleman-
could only be allowed to proceed by consent of the
House; which having been granted—
Mr. FRENCH said he desired the indulgence of
the House in order that he might correct certain
misrepresentations which had been made by the
National Intelligencer of hiB remarks on yesterday.
That paper reported him as having said, after re-
citing that clause of the Constitution which says
that "Representatives and direct taxes shall be ap-
portioned among the several States which are or
may be included in this Union, according to their
respective numbers, which shall be determined by
adding to the whole number of free persons, inclu-
ding those bound to serve for a term of years, and
excluding Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all other
persons,"—that that was the clause in virtue of
which three-fifths of the slave population of the
Southern States were now represented in this
House.
He certainly did not understand himself as hav-
ing said anything of this kind. It had never been
his opinion that the slave population of this country
was represented m Congress. Slaves were proper-
ty; and three-fifths of their number were added to
the white population of the State, for the benefit of
such State. The addition to the number of the
white population of the slave States was made for
the benefit of the white population, and not for the
benefit of the slaves.. . .
He was also represented as having said, m speak-
ing upon the subject of abolition petitions, that he
rose for the purpose of proving it to be unconstitu-
tional to receive such petitions. He did not pre-
cisely recollect what his language might have been.
He remembered distinctly, however, that he had it
in view to discuss, as a leading proposition, the
power of Congress over the subject of slavery; and
what he did say was certainly connected with that
main proposition.
Inasmuch as, in his view of the question, Con-
gress had no power to abolish slavery, they had no
right to entertain any petition praying for its a'ooli
tion; because, to grant their request, would be to
violate th« Constitution.
