GLOBE.
,-.?v
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1843.
Volume 13....No. &.
[Continued from Mo. 4.]
it may be a sword capable of performing greater
miracles than that of Orlando Amoroso or Orlando
Furioso either—(laughter,) and agree withh is friend
from Virginia, that this is not the place for bran-
dishing that sword.
He then proceeded to say that the gentleman who
spoke yesterday, after holding out the terrific and
the most alarming threat to the Northern portion of this
Union, to which he had alluded, declared that they
stood upon the Constitution oftheUnited States, and,
by implication, if notby direct motion, that the aboli-
tion petitions—for they referred not, they affirmed, to
the subject before the House—the resolves of the Leg-
islature of Massachusetts, but the abolition petitions
which had formed the subject of their remarks—were
a violation of the Constitution. Petitions a vio-
lation of the Constitution! That was what it
had come to; and the gentlemen, all of them, in the
midst of a fury, a military fury, [laughter,]—all
declared that they were most deeply, from the bot-
tom of their souls, attached to the Constitution of
this Union; and they seemed to intimate that the
Legislature of Massachusetts, which had passed
these resolves—though the gentlemen did not
seem to refer to them, but particularly to
abolitionists, who send petitions to this House-
were not attached to the Union. He (Mr.
A.) was not there to answer for the purposes
or the views of any abolition society, or of any in-
dividual abolitionist. He was in one sense an abol-
itonist himself—that sense in which Thomas Jeffer-
son was an abolitionist when, in the 77th year of
his life, he deliberately committed to paper the opin-
ion, and addressed it to all the slaveholders of this
Union, that abolition was a thing which they must
grant, and the sooner the better. Whoever would
take up the works of Mr. Jefferson would find the
words he quoted. Mr. Jefferson said fate had des-
tined that the people should be free. Fate! He
(Mr. A.) would change the word, and say the God
of nature has destined that the people shall be free;
and he will make it free in his own good time.
He (Mr. A.) did not expect it to be in his day.
In the same sense, then, in whicn Thomas Jefferson
was an abolitionist, and an abolitionist all his life,
he (Mr. Adams) was an abolitionist; and he hoped
the day would come when slavery would be a word
without a meaning—when there would be no such
thing as a slave on the face of the earth. He con-
sidered it as the consummation of the Chiistian re-
ligion. Then would be the time when the lion
should lie down with the lamb; then would be the
time when all the glorious prophecies of the Old
Testament, which were renewed by Jesus Christ
■when on His mission to tins world, would be ful-
filled; and when all the inhabitants of this globe
would approach nearer and nearer to the nature of
angels than they are at this time. In that sense he
was an abolitionist; but as a member of any aboli-
tion society of tliis country, at this time, he was
not nor ever had been, ah abolitionist.
He believed, nevertheless, that those societies—
the abolition societies and the anti-slavery societies
of this country, many of whom had passed severe
condemnation upon him—were composed, the great
mass of them, of men of as much virtue and as much
intelligence, and as much rectitude of principle, and
as much patriotism, warm and ardent patriotism, as
any members on this floor; but as to the measuies
which they had pursued, and intended to pursue, 111
their object, he (Mr. Adams) believed them to be
greatly mistaken. He believed their tendency was
to retard that blessed day which they all were stri-
vin  to hasten. He (Mr. Adams) depended upon none
of them- lie held communication with very few of
them- he held his opinions from God and his own
iuedment; he held his opinion from the Declaration
of Independence which he believed still hung up m
this Hall, [turning towards the place where
it was suspended,] however any portion of it
mio-ht have Wen turned out of doors in practice.
gut in saying this, he wished to make no un-
meaning or significant professions of attachment
either to the liberties of this country or to the umon
of this country. He wished the union of this
country to last forever; and, as one of the means of
the preservation of their liberty and their union for-
ever, he wished for the abolition of slavery through-
out this Union. He believed that to be indispensa-
ble; and he was of opinion it would turn out and be
proved to be so; but he wished it to be done peacea-
bly, quietly, by the will of those who held their fel-
low-men in bondage, convinced (as he "believed they
would be in the lapse of time) that it was for their
own interest as much as for the happiness of those
who would be then disenthralled. He wished to make
no interference with the institutions of the South; he
wished to have nothing to do with them, and that
was the prayer of the petition, the reception of which
had been laid on the table; and that would be the
prayer of many that would be presented, like those
which had been referred to the Judiciary Committee.
The petitions even from the abolitionists of the North
prayed that they might have nothing to do with the
institution of slavery in the Southern States. What
they have demanded is, that the Congress ofthe United
States should liberate them from all connexion.what-
ever with it. They ask to be released from the
burden of carrying such laws into effect, which they
find to be too onerous upon them. He (Mr. Adams)
wished it to be understood, therefore, that lie dis-
claimed all purpose, or intention, or desire, to inter-
fere with the institutions of the South; and that he
entertained as strong and ardent a desire for the
continuance of this Union as any member of
that House, or as any individual in this com-
munity; he believed such was the feeling of the
great mass of the people whom he had the honor to
represent; and he believed it was the desire of the
Legislature of Massachusetts which passed those
resolutions. The time had been, when, for present-
ing a petition asking Congress peaceably to take
measures for dissolving this Union, he was
brought before Congress as a criminal, as a culprit,
and as guilty of constructive treason, and of perjury,
or of subornation of perjury. Was that an assault
upon the institutions of the South? It was a
simple petition, to which those individuals who
signed it had been induced to attach their names by
the obstinate perseverance of that House in refusing
to receive their previous petitions. He could tell the
members from the South, if they did not know it,
that the obstinate refusal to receive constitutional
petitions was one ofthe causes which had weaken-
ed the attachment for the Union in the North and
Northwest portion of it.
The abandonment of the rule he considered one
ofthe most fortunate tilings for the Union that had
ever taken place. It had taken away from a portion
ofthe people die right to say to another portion,
You are enslaved; your petitions are rejected; you
are turned out of doors when you go to Congress
to ask for a redress of your grievances; what is this
Union to you under such circumstances? These
were the arguments used both in the North and the
Northwest; and he would take no further proof
than was presented by the vote given on the second
day of the session on the question of retaining those
rules. There was, it was true, a portion of the Repre-
sentatives from the free people there, who adhered to
those rules pertinanously. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Weller] yesterday made an exceedingly
animated speech ill favor of them; and that gentle-
man said he represented the opinions of the people
of his district; but would he say that he represented
the opinions of the people of Olno? No, he could not;
foron thesecond day of thesession when he (Mr. A.,)
made a motion to strike out the obnoxious rule,
thirteen members from Ohio out of eighteen,
fresh from the people, voted with him to re-
scind that rule. Did the gentleman [Mr. Wel-
ler! say those thirteeen did not represent the
opinions of theirs, as faithfully and as truly as
that gentleman represented the opinions of his
constituents? And how was it with tire State of
New York? Why, twenty-seven out of thirty-two
voted to rescind that rule. Their votes were on rec-
ord; they were in black and white; and they were
the votesofRepresentatives who were fresh from tlie
people. Yes, twenty-seven out of thirty-two.
A voice. Thirty-four.
Mr. ADAMS. New York has thirty-four Kepie-
sentatives; but there were only thirty-two that vote
on that question. Well, how was it with Pennsy 1 w
nia, -whose motto in other days was "virtue, liberty
and independence?" Why, twelve out of twenty
voted with him, though he confessed the "peace-
maker" [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] was not one of
them. (Laughter.) There were twelve out of
twenty from Pennsylvania, thirteen out of eighteen
from Ohio, and twenty-seven out of thirty-two
from New York. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Weller] must not say, then—though he
is an eloquent man, and makes stump speech-
es by which he convinces his constituents—
that, therefore, the people of the North and
the Northwest are in favor of that rule. No; Jt
was no such thing. The people of the North and
the Northwest—he spoke for the people of JSeW
York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, whose opinions he
had a recent opportunity personally to ascertain—
were, as might oe seen by the proportions in which
their Representatives had voted,' against that rule.
He (Mr. A.) knew it; he had been told it by them-
selves, and in a manner which spoke for the reality
of their opinions. With one voice, on his recent
visit amongst them, they treated him as if he were
a child returned to his father's family; and all unan-
imously gave, as their reason, that he had been the
champion of the right of petition. He (Mr. A.)
stood upon that ground; ne had stood on that
ground in this world, and he would stand on that
ground, after his death, before his God for mercy.
But the gentleman had intimated that it was tin-
constitutional. He would ask his friend from South
Carolina [Mr. Holmes] whether be recollected the
decision of Judge William Johnson in the case of a
native of Rhode Island, a citizen of that State, who
was imprisoned, bound, and he knew not but
scourged also, in the State of South Carolina, for
having a dark complexion.
Mr. HOLMES said he remembered the ease; and
he remembered that, after the judge had pronounced
his decision, the case was carried up again, and the
then Attorney General, Mr. Berrien, who is now in
the Senate, gave an opinion upon the validity ofthe
course taken by the judge, and sustaining the con-
stitutionality of that law; and that opinion was con-
firmed by the sanction of the Government; and the
law for imprisoningpersons of color who come in to
the State of South Carolina was declared to be valid,
and, by the blessing of God, it was still m existence,
and ready to be enforced against those who entered
that State to execute their incendiary purposes.
Mr. ADAMS. And so, sir, it appears that, after
the decision of the judge of the Supreme Court of
the United States, himself a native of South Caroli-
na this low, within the State of South Carolina,
was so unconstitutional that it would not bear an
argument; six or seven years afterwards, the Attor-
ney General gives an opinion that it is constitution-
al. Is the opinion of the Attorney General of the
United States the law of the land? I have always
understood that in other cases, the opinion of the
iudo-e of tlie Supreme Court, and the opinion ofthe
iud°e of the circuit court, if unappealed from, was
the law of the land: and I believe myself, as con-
scientiously as I believe that the sun wte o-
morrow morning, that that decision of William
Johnson is, to this day, the law of the land, and that
that law of South Carolina was so unconstitutional
that it would not even bear an argument.
But, as my friend from South Carolina recollects
this cise I will imjuire whether he recollects anoth-
er where the judg" of the State of South Caroli-
na', pronouncing a decision upon a
with it, declared that, even if the law of South Gai-
olina should produce a dissolution of the Union, It
ou°*ht nevertheless ta he adhered to.
Mr. HOLMES said he perfectly well remember-
ed having said—and he had never yet seen any rea-
son for changing that opinion—that m case the law
of South Carolina were to be repealed, and an in-
flux of that class of persons were to be permitted,
he thought then, and still thought, with all the so-
lemnity expressed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, that the quicker the Union was dissolved
peaceably, and Southern rights, and Southern inter-
ests, and Southern property were maintained the
better. He remembered it well, and had had no
reason to repent the declaration. _
Mr, ADAMS. I am satisfied, sir. The gentle-
man admits that he did put in issue the existence of
