go
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Jameson.
H. of Reps.
arms, close the big box, get across it, and say, not-
withstanding all these facts, we do not intend to let
you have any money? I trust not. X trust that
there is no member here who will have the hardi-
hood to attempt such a thing.
Mr. Chairman, I was myself on the Mississippi
last autumn a year, or two years, and. in certain
parts of the voyage it was scarcely possible to navi-
gate the boat so as to pass in safety between the
wrecks of others which had previously been sunk
along the bed of the river; and one place, of several
miles in extent, above the mouth of the Ohio, on
account of the frequent loss of vessels which occur-
red there, and with them the great loss of human
lives, had obtained the name of "the grave-yard."
After showing these facts, that our claims may still
be put upon stronger footing, if possible, I will go
into an examination of the vast amount of money
that has been paid by the western people into the
federal treasury, as compared with the amount paid
by the people of the East, and also the amount yet
to be drained from us. And, to that end, I will
first go into the subject of the lands; showing, first4
the quantity of land within the nine new States,
three Territories, and in the unorganized territory
east and west of the Rocky mountains; secondly, the
quantity within the nine States and three Territories,
including the recent purchase from the Sac and Fox
Indians, which has been added to Iowa Territory;
thirdly, tile quantity that has been sold; fourthly,
for what amount; and fifthly, the quantity remain-
ing unsold in the States and Territories; to show
which in a condensed form, I have prepared the fol-
lowing table from the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury to the Senate, in reply to two resolutions
of that body during the last Congress, adding to the
Territory of Iowa the late purchase mentioned:
cj c
S S g 3 g
© cd so (0
c a-
S3 o « 3 re
£ ^ - £ s
en O ► 5 O
i n C. '/• o
-1 C '!,£.©
.O f, 3 O
> r -3 9?
m
Po 
^
. ^ 3 •« £'
3
I g s
* 2.
2. 
o H5 3.
CD <->•
2 o
■ i £^5
£ "
© o
&
? w to cc io to A.  
' -W >5
- O -I
. tti rc
Of;^
Of? 93
? S-2,?
"«©
tSj kJ y S-v<
>3 5?ao
, 1 £3 E.
sales, auii of General Laiui Olfice.
iiej^ui v.
)'.\}vnseh oi mu vers
ii3alaneo, paut into the
It appears then, Mr. Ciia irman, to speak in round
numbers, that eighty-eight millions of acres in the
new States and Territories had been sold on the
30th of September, 1842, for the sum of one hun-
dred and twenty-three millions of dollais; one hun-
dred and thirteen millions of which had been paid
into the treasury of the United States. And here
let me remind gentlemen that we, the people ol'these
nine States and three Territories, are the first and
the only people in these United States who have
paid money into the coffers of the federal treasury
for the privilege of cultivating the earth—for the
privilege of ploughing and digging the ground, to
make thus, by the sweat of our brow, a support for
ourselves and our families, Yes, sh-j for this pur-
pose we have alone been taxed, and have paidflKr
and above what any other people in the TflRd
States have paid, one hundred and twenty-three mil-
lions of dollars, one hundred and thirteen millions of
which have reached the treasury. And this is not all;
for it seems, from the policy of the government, that
there is to be a perpetual drain from us, at least so
long, as there is a vacant acre. Yes, at least two
hundred millions yet to be drained from vis for the
unsold lands in these States and Territories; for it
seems that the government intends to hold on as
long as -there is an acre of unsold land, and never,
notwithstanding this vast extra amount we have
paid, donate any of these,lands to the States or the
people who may settle on them. But, sir, it has
been said by one of the gentlemen from New York,
[Mr. Seymour,] that the merchants of New York,
including several years back—I did not understand
the number of years—have paid the vast amount of
one hundred millions of dollars as revenue into the
treasury of the United States. It may be true that,
through their hands, that much in that time may have
been placed in the treasury; but is it true, sir, that
they have paid that much, or any part of it, as taxes
coming from themselves into the treasury? No,
sir; they have not paid a cent of it; they have only
been the agents, or medium, through and by which
the government has collected that amount. They
import the goods; they are bound to the government
for the duty on those goods; they pay it to the gov-
ernment; but where do they get it from? Sir, the
most of it comes from the people of the West. When
the New York merchants sell these goods to the
western merchants, they not only make the western
merchants pay the duty which they have paid, or
are bound for, but make them pay, in addition
thereto, 25 per cent, as profit on the amount thus
paid by them as duty; for the importing merchant
counts the duty as a part of the original cost. Thus,
so far from their actually or eventually paying any-
thing to the government, they profit by it; they get
25 per cert, for collecting it for the government.
And here, sir, is the great iniquity and oppression
of the protective system. The merchants and the
manufacturers, under federal legislation, like so
many leeches, are fastened to the vitals of the work-
ing people of these United States; and unless drawn
loose, will ere long draw the last drop of blood from
them, and become masters, and the pampered lords
of this nation. Sir, you make by this system the
people, the working people, (for they are mainly the
consumers, and the consumeis at last have to pay
all these duties,) pay not only the 25 per cent,
which the retail merchant has to pay the importing
merchant on the original cost of the goods, excluding
the duty, and 25 per cent, again to the retail mer-
chant lor his profit, making 50 per cent, on the
original cost; but they must pay in addition thereto,
from 30 to 200 per cent, for the benefit of the
manufacturers—being that much, by the oppressive,
partial, and one-sided action of this government,
taken from their hard and laborious earnings, and
given to others who elect to labor in and cany on
manufactories. Then, again, to carry the oppression
out, they have to pay the merchants, *for their
benefit, (including both the "importing and retail
merchants,) 50 per cent, more on this from 30 to
200 per cent tariff; making us not only pay tribute,
as it were, to the manufacturer, out of the earnings
of our labor, but making us pay a vast amount
to the merchants for collecting that tribute, under
the plausible head of profit on the original cost.
But two gentlemen from New York [Mr. Barnard
and Mr. Hunt] say that this is all light; that it
is to our advantage; we will profit by it; that by the
protective system we will sustain those manufac-
turer, and we will thereby have a home market
for our surplus produce; and in turn they will give
us a better price for our produce than we can get
abroad. This is attempting to throw dust m our
eyes, and is based upon the supposition that we do
do not understand our own interest, and that they
are capable of teaching us what it is. But, sir, we
will inform the gentlemen that we do understand
our interests; that that old hobby and humbug, under
the beautiful name of tkthc American system," which
requires one portion of the laboring community to
give half their earnings, and add it to the earnings
of another portion of the laboring community with-
out any return, has become exploded, with but
few exceptions, in the western country. Sir, we see
and know, for our eyes have become opened to
the incontestable truth, that the manufactories cannot
furnish us a home market; that one-half of Indiana,
or Illinois, oj' one-third of Missouri (being much
larger in territory than the other two, and equal in
fertility) is capable of furnishing enough surplus
produce, enough meat and bread, to furnish plenti-
fully every person engaged in manufacturing in the
East. And what is to become of the balance of
the surplus of the great and fertile West, in-
cluding hemp, tobacco, and all? Why, sir, by the
operation of your protective system, it is to rot
on our hands, or we must sell it for almost nothing:
for, sir, your protective system cuts us more ways
than a two-edged sword. We have not only to pay
the vast amount mentioned to the manufacturers and
merchants, but, by this high protective-tariff sys-
tem, foreign goods are either prohibited altogether,
or else they are bound, in order to compete with
our manufacturers at home, to sell them at a very
reduced price; and thus, not being able to sell at all,
or selling at a very reduced price, they are wholly un-
able, they have not the means, to buy our surplus;
or, if they have any, they are so scanty that if they
buy our surplus, or any part, of it, it must be at a
very reduced price. And we are cut another way:
for the South, who would buy some of .our sur-
plus, is, by the same system, and for the same rea-
sons, forced to sell her staples at a very reduced
price; and on that account, cannot afford to buy
from us, or, if they do it, it must be at a very re-
duced price. And just as many ways as we are
injured by this tariff, the manufacturers are bene-
fited ; our loss is their gain: for first, by the sys-
tem, they disable us from getting a fair price for our
products m the South or abroad; they then come
and very graciously agree to give us this reduced
price—reduced by their own policy—for so much
as they want; and thus, by its iniquitious operation,
it raises the price of everything it protects and
which we have to buy, and reduces the price of
everything left unprotected and which we have to
sell; thus leaving our people, who have mainly to
pay these enormous duties, still less able to pay it,
by cutting down their produce to half price. And
who cannot see that, by its operation, it will run
the entire wealth of the nation into the hands of a
few, and consequently oppress the many? It has
done so in England and everywhere else; and it must
and will, if continued, do so here.
Eut, sir, these two gentlemen say that a protect-
ive tariff reduces the price to the consumer of the
articles protected. This is a new idea, and, if true,
argueg too much for the gentleman; for, if it reduces
the price of the articles manufactured at home and
thus protected, the object of the protection fails.
The eastern manufacturer, instead of being aided by
its operation, is injured; and the gentlemen who pro-
fess to be such friends to the eastern manufacturer
had, according to this argument, better abandon the
protective system, and go for a revenue tariff; as a
revenue tariff must, according to the argument ad-
vanced, benefit the eastern manufacturer more than
a protective one. This is attempting, however, to
throw more dust in our eyes; for the argument,
when examined, is so weak that it answers itself:
for we all know that the very object of protection
is to enhance the price of the articles protected; and
we know that it has that effcct; for so long as an
article is imported in despite of the duty on it, the
price of that article will be enhanced to the amount
of the duty; for our manufacturer will always
put up the same kind of article manufactured by
him to the same price that the foreign article costs-—
which is the original cost and duty added; and this
being the object and operation of a protective tariff,
the consumer of the West, as mentioned befoie,
is loaded with the buiden of paying, out of his own
earnings and labor, the amount of the duty, for tile
benefit of the eastern manufactuier.
Sir, I hove dwelt thus much on the question of
the tariff, which has been brought into this debate,
to show that we have not only paid the one hundred
and twenty-three millions of dollars for land to
work, as already mentioned, over and above what
any other people in the Union have paid, but that
we have paid, besides, our equal proportion, ay,
more than our equal proportion, of taxes under this
tariff system, into the treasury of the United States.
And now, sir, add to these, the losses we are an-
nually sustaining, for the want of the necessary and
regular appropriations by Congress to improve
these streams, and to keep them clear of snags—a
loss amounting to between fifteen and twenty per
cent, annually upon the price of our surplus prod-
uce—being that much tax upon us; and that for the
want of comparatively a small appropriation each
year to keep the snag-boats at work when the water
is ot the proper stage,—-and you have, at one view.
