Jan. 18M-
APPENDIX 'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL06E.
ar
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Owen.
H. of Reps.
It has already done so, in this very case. Mark,
sir, I pray you, the admission made by Albert Gal-
latin, in his official conference with the British plen-
ipotentiaries. 1 find it in his reply to Mr. Clay, as
follows:
"Our never having refused to agree to a line of
demarcation with Great Britain was a sufficient proof
that we admitted that she also had claims which de-
served, and to which we paid, due consideration. It
was on that account that the United States had re-
duced the extent of their own boundary-line they
had offered, and had added to it the proposal of al-
lowing to British subjects the free navigation of the
Columbia."
Is that plain, sir? That we agreed to negotiate,
(says Mr. Gallatin to the British minister,) proves
that we admit you have some title; and therefore,
for that reason, because we have been weak enough
to negotiate with you for our own, the United States
offer you upwards of a hundred millions of acres of
their territory to keep peace, and say nothing more
about it.
Our own most enlightened statesmen are some-
irnes, for the moment, led off from the true issue,
by this temporizing diplomacy. At the last session
of Congress a distinguished senator from South
Carolina, now no longer a member of the body
•which for so many years he had graced by his se-
vere and logical eloquence, made a remarkable dec-
laration. i read from the speech of Mr. Calhoun,
delivered m the Senate. After stating that we had
proposed to Great Britain the forty-ninth parallel,
and she had, in return, offered us the Columbia riv-
er, entering the Pacific about latitude forty-six, as
boundary, Mr. Calhoun adds:
"It follows that the portion of territory really in
dispute between the two countries is about three de-
grees of latitude—that is, about one-fourth of the
whole."
Do you perceive whither all this tends? We are
placed in a false position. Our claims north of forty-
nine are given up; and the question is made to be,
how much more, south of that parallel, we will con-
sent to sacrifice in addition. Will it be replied that
the sentiment quoted is only a remark incidentally
falling from an individual member of Congress,
which cannot be used against us' And do you im-
agine, sir, that the words of John C. Calhoun pass
not across the Atlantic? Can you believe that even
the chance admissions of such a man, on a subject
so interesting to England as Oregon, are not noted
by the British ministry—are not registered at St.
James's? Do you suppose that Mr. Packenham (the
expected British envoy) has not read that speech^
And can you doubt that he will arrive among us
prepared to settle, not whether Oregon is ours or
Great Britain's, but how these three degrees of lati-
tude are to be parcelled out between us?
What that is satisfactory or desirable can result
from a negotiation commencing under auspices like
these? We are informed, it is true, in that portion
of the President's message which refers to the hith-
erto unsuccessful negotiations for a northwestern
boundary, that "our minister in London has, under
instructions, again brought the subject to the consid-
eration of that* government." I am sorry for it.
Twice we have approached Great Britain in a spirit
of the most liberal concession—twice she has re-
jected our advances. The next proposition should
come from her. We have made too many already.
The chief objection entertained by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs to the proposed resolution, we
may presume to be, that it is likely to cast difficul-
ties in the way of the expected negotiation. If there
were reasonable promise of benefit to these United
States from this diplomatic encounter, the argument
might be a good one. But Europe is an overmatch
for us in the courtly game of conventions and pro-
tocols. From the past I judge the future. Ihat
which baffled the talents of Henry Clay, and the
perseverance of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] we may, I trust, without failing in
due respect to our present chief magistrate, be per-
mitted to doubt whether John Tyler can succeed ill
effecting.
But that is not the proper issue. The truth is,
that, until we assume an attitude more independent
than has hitherto characterized our proceedings rel-
ative to Oregon, no president, no secretary, no min-
ister, can reasonably be expected to ootam from
Great Britain a satisfactory adjustment of this
boundary question.
How are we to assume such an attitude? By re-
tracing, as far as we honorably may, the false steps
we have taken; by putting an end to entangling al-
liances, into which we should never have entered;
by receding from rejected concessions, which we
ought never to have made.* That is the object and
the effect of the joint resolution I introduced.
But the Committee on Foreign Affafrs may, per-
haps, further object, that such a notice as that reso-
lution proposes is likely to prove offensive, and to
involve us in a war. If to declare to Great Britain
that she is no longer to remain with us a joint oc-
cupant of the valley of the Columbia be cause of
war, then war must come. It may come sooner—it
may come later; but come it must, at last. Can
you arrest emigration to Oregon? How do you pro-
pose to set about it? _ Will you build up, along the
summit range of the Rocky mountains, a Chinese
wall of demarcation, and say to the tameless spirits
of the western wilderness, "Thus far shall ye go,
and no farther, and here shall your onward progress
be stayed"' Canute had an easier task! When you
can whistle back the mountain eagle in his upward
flight to the sun; when you can arrest, by a word,
the wild horse of the prairie in his mad career; when
you can quench, in the bird of passage, that instinct
which bids her be up and away to the regions na-
ture designed for her,—then, then only, expect to
set up mete or bound, short of the broad Pacific, a
barrier to the restless enterprise of the West.
Oregon is our land of promise. Oregon is our
land of destination. "The finger of Nature"—such
were once the words of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] in regard to this country—
"points that out." Two thousand American citi-
zens are already indwellers of her valleys Five
thousand more—ay, it may be twice that number-
will have crossed the mouutain passes before an-
other year rolls round. While you are legislating,
they are emigrating; and whether you legislate for
them or not, they will emigrate still.
What is to be the result of all this? What will
England do? If she permit us, as I hope and be-
lieve, peacefully to overrun the Columbia valley,
north as well as south of the stream, then neither
will she find cause of offence in this resolution. But
if she resist—and, as a leading London journal (not
the ministerial organ, however) boldly avows she
will—if she arm the Indian tribes in her cause,—
what then? This resolution may be voted down;
the Oregon bill of my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Hughes] may be defeated this session, as a similar
bill was the last; we may depart from these halls
without lifting a finger to protect, by military post
or otherwise, our settlers on the Columbia; and yet,
let the British government fulfil this threat of arming
Indians against us, and then let the tomahawk draw
but one drop of American blood: let one single scalp
bp taken—the forerunner of future outrage,—and
will our people, think you, await your tardy legis-
lation before they rush to the rescue? We have
faults and failings enough, God knows—we of the
West; but cowardice—tame, cold-blooded coward-
ice—the craven spirit that would desert a comrade
at this utmost need,—that, at least, is 110 part of our
chaiacter. Let the news psss over our land, of a
massacre among the Oregon emigrants; and your
armed-occupation project v. ill be an idle form.
Oregon will soon he occupied—an armed occupa-
tion, too! And occupied by whom3 Not by smooth-
chinned, trim-uniformed cadets from West Point;
but by veteran pioneers, from whom old age itself,
though it whiten their locks, cannot steal then-
strength and their fire; by fierce young hunters of
the frontier, who heard the war-whoop in their cra-
dles, and who burn to emulate the exploits—to
avenge the death, perhaps—of their fathers; by a
partisan army, in short, of Nimiod warriors, who,
*Mr. Owk>', speaking m Committee of the Whole on the
disadvantages even oi the line of 49 degrees, as proposed
by the United States and rpjectod by Great Biitam, alluded
to the fact, ascertained by the late exploring expedition,
that almost all the large masses of good timber in the Ter-
ritory are found north of 48 degrees, chiefly north of 49,
thai a very large district of country around Fort Walla-
walla Is altogether rolling prairie, destitute of timber, and
almost necessarily dependent, in consequence, on the moun-
tain country north of 49 degrees; whence, bj means of the
upper branches of the Columbia, stretching north as far as
53 degrees, any amount of the best timber can be obtained.
Another great disadvantage of this boundary vas «.i«so ad-
verted to bj Mr Owr.N -the fact, namelj . that it shut out
the "United State-? from the harbors of Nootka and Nitinat
on Vancouver's island, two of the be^t on tha northwest
coast; and also from the mouth of Frasei river, a stream the
second in importance in the Territory From the latitude
of 4-2 degrees, along the coast, to the straits of Fuca. in lat-
itude 48 degrees, 30 minutes, there is not, Mr O remarked,
a single harbor of even moderate value The mouth of the
Columbia is worthless as a roadstead; and Graj's harbor,
in 47 dearre#Sj is but little better.
with their knives at their belts, and their long* rifles
on their shoulders, fear nothing, red or white, in th^
form of a man.
1 am a friend of peace. I hold that it is our duty
to do much, to suffer much, if thus we may avoid
the shedding of humaji blood. What a spectacle
would it be, in this age of the world, to see two
powerful nations squandering lives and treasure in
the insensate and antiquated trade of war! To avert
such a calamity, I would agree to any adjustment
within the bounds of reason, that sheuld not com-
promise our honor. Farther than this, even expe-
diency itself forbids us to go. A distinguished
British statesman has well said: "He who vindicates
the honor of a country, vindicates its dearest in&fc-
rest; for he who vindicates its honor, preserves its
peace." Nothingmore true. Permanent peace was
never yet obtained by dishonorable concession.
Say that these United States, struck with panic
terror of England's power, were to abandon to her
that to which she scruples not to set up a claim—the
entire territory of Oregon; suppose that, for the mo-
ment, the settlers there submitted to pass under
monarchical rule: should we, even by such base
abandonment of our rightful claim, have obtained
anything beyond a suspension of hostility? We
may, by law, cede territory; but the spirit of freedom
is no Russian serf, to go with the land, and become
a bondsman to its new master. "We thus postpone*
not avoid, a contest. We sow the seeds that will
surely ripen, and produce, some day, a northwestern
war of independence. We dccree, in fact, that the
scenes of 177G shall, hereafter, be re-enacted on the
shores of the Pacific; that Oregon shall have her
Bunker Hills*and her Benningtons; that some Lex-
ington grass-plat, on the banks of the Columbia,
shall, one day, be dyed with the blood of freemen.
Then, with a thousand aggravations, will come that
war which we vainly dream we may escape by tem-
porizing.
"When we do make a move, let it be an effectual
one. It is but folly to cry peace! peace! when there
is no peace. It is worse than idle to patch up a hol-
low truce. That which public opinion demands—
that which these United States must have, sooner or
later, let us claim now—now, before blood has flow-
ed; now, before, in the excitement of an actual rup-
ture, both powers lose sight, as there is too much
reason to fear they may, of cool and rational judg-
ment.
We know we must have the valley of the Colum-
bia, north as well as south of the river. No
thinking man doubts that. We know that, ere
long, we must not only extend our jurisdiction
over that valley, but also provide homes for its
emigrants, by grants of lands to actual settleis.
A bill to that effect passed the Senate at its last ses-
sion, and failed in the House, under an adverse re-
port, made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] as chairman from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. A bill of a similar character is
now pending m this House—another in the Senate-
Some such bill is not unlikely to become a law this
\ ery session. It surely will, in the course of a year
or two.
Yet our right to pass such a bill, with a land
clause attached—a clause now necessary and im-
portant in any Oregon bill—has been questioned.
Though it be not a direct infraction of the troaty,
which declares Oregon u free and open'' to the sub-
jects of England equally with the citizens of the
United States, it affords ground for an argument of
some plausibility tjjat it is.
This should not be. Let us not jeopard a title,
clear and unquestionable in itself, By proceeding to
assert it aftei a dubious or questionable manner,
Let every step we take in such a matter as this, be
not justifiable only, but above all suspicion. We
must not go to war with England, with the right,
even by implication, on her side. With the right
clearly on ours, she dare not go to war with us.
Let us, then, begin at the beginning. Let us pass
the resolution now. Before we promise possession,
even in the future, to others, let i\r ourselves take
measures fully to obtain it. The treaty provides
the mode. Let us strictly conform to its provisions.
That done, wc have satisfied every requirement—we-
have silenced every scruple. And we may their
proceed, untrammekil Ivy restricting conventions, to
lay the foundations, on the far shores of the Pacific,,
of free and independent States; destined to spread
and to perpetuate those noble institutions that have
given us the peace and posterity we now enjoy.
Thus regarded, the subject assumes a breadth and.
an importance that carries it far beyond any bound'?
