90
APPENDIX to THE CONGRESSIONAL CtLOflEL
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess..
Oregon Territory—Mr. Wentworth.
H. of Reps.
has, after acknowledging that Oregon was ours by
right—that our title to it was clear and indisputable.
And what title could be more so? We have it, first,
by prior discovery under Captain Gray in 1799,
one year before Great Britain's pretended discov-
ery under Captain MeKensie; and second, by
prior possession under Lewis and Clark in No-
vember, 1804, whilst the pretended possession of
Great Britain under Mr. Thompson was not until
1806; and, according to the law of nations, there
can be no clearer title than that of prior discovery,
followed by prior possession. But our title is still
more strongly fortified by our succession to the
French and Spanish titles, under the I .ouisiana and
Florida treaties; and no impartial person can exam-
ine the claims of these two governments, and espe-
cially those of Spain, without acknowledging them
paramount to those of Great Britain. Oregon, then,
is ours—first, by our own right; second, by that of
France; third, by that of Spain, which has subse-
quently been endorsed by Mexico. Again: by the
treaty of Ghent, such places as were taken during
the last war were to be restored. The town at the
mouth of the Columbia, founded by John Jacob
Astor in 1811, and called Astoria, was taken in the
last war by Captain Blake, in December, 1813; and
so it was formally restored to the United States Oc-
tober 16, 1818, under this treaty. This shows how
England regarded the matter at that time. It is
proof positive that she thought it ours. Now what
has she done to gain a title since? Russia has con-
ceded our right to 54 degrees and 40 minutes
north latitude, which brings Russia forward to
strengthen our title; and Spain concedes us all
above 42 degrees. And the value of this concession,
I ought, perhaps, to enlarge upon, as it embraces
the discovery of Cape Blanco, in 1543, as far north
as latitude 43 degress; of the straits of Fuca, in lat-
itude 49 to 51, m 1592, by Juan de Fuca; of the riv-
er Umpqna, in 1603, by Aguiler, in latitude 44; of
Nootka sound, by Perez and Martinez, in 1774, in
latitude 49 to 50; and of Cape Disappointment, in
1775, by a company of Spaniards, in latitude 46.
The right of these discoveries, outweighing any of
Great Britain, was conceded to us by the Florida
treaty of Feburary 22, 1819, and confirmed by the
treaty with Mexico, Junuary 12, 1828. Bissett, the
English historian and successor to Hume, in naming
the various tracts of country belonging to England
m ] 763, docs not mention Oregon; mid yet her diplo-
matists claim she got possession by the discovery of
Mr Francis Drake, in 1579, almost two centuries
before. And there are maps yet extant, published
by Eman Bowen, geographer to his Majesty, in
which all (lie territory west of what was then the
French territory, (as discovered by La Salle, in
1683, embracing all the country from the head wa-
ters of the Mississippi to its mouth,) and extending
to the Pacific, ocean, was set down as belonging to
Spain. This shows that the English claim must
l.ave arisen since 1763. And it evidently had no
claim then; for, in his voyage, he never went as
high as 40 degrees of latitude, and that would only
give England California, to which she has never
made a pretence of claim. And it is only until we
consulted to her joint occupancy, and offered her all
above 49 degrees, that she has begun to study the
log-books of early navigators to make out a title to
the whole. And this is all any nation can gam by
compiomismg its right for the sake of peace with
Grc.it Britain.
Thus we have a tract of country embracing
twelve degrees find forty minutes, neeured to ns
by a title so strong that I do not well see how
H could be stronger. But 1 will let the title pass. It
1.- enough for me that the gentleman has acknowl-
edged our right to the country. Now, sir, why not
defend that right-1 After knowing nhat our lights
are, how long shall we see tlieni trampled upon be-
fore we arouse to their defence* How lung arc the
einii-'.'ancR of the ITud: onBay company to maraud
the phuns of Oregon, pait and parcel of ourcoinmon
country, oppressing the hardy pioneer m American
enterprise, and we, the framer: of our country's
laws—the guardians of our country's rights—re-
main lntle.-M and inactive' Mow much fuither, un-
der the encu'ir?gement of her old all) , Great Brit-
ain, are the Indians to extend their depredations
upon American property and American life without
an indignant response from the American Congress'
There are not only dwelling houses and missionary
stations in Oregon, but churohes and school houses.
And who can tell how many of these may have been
burnt to the ground, or stained by the blood of mas-
sacred American citizens, through the cruelties of our
ancient and allied foes, (Great Britain and the In-
dians,) whilst the gentleman was making his tem-
porizing speech? Ay, sir, who can tell what outrages
are -perpetrated there, from day to day, upon Amer-
ican soil, and upon American citizens, under the sanc-
tion of laws? But what laws? The laws of the United
States? Those we have never given them. In vain
does the poor Oregon settler ask for a trial by the
laws of his country. In vain does he ask for a
judge or ajury. And, further yet, in vain does he
ask for the protection of the American flag—a boon
not denied one of our citizens in almost any other
portion of the world. But how are they tried? By
British laws, or by the British constitution? No, sir.
Have they the advantages of even the old common
law? No, sir. How, then, are they tried? "Why, by
the whims and caprices of the Hudson Bay compa-
ny, which vaties its laws to suit the times, the occa-
sions, and the cases; which follow the old Scotch
Jedburgh fashion—hang first, and try afterwards.
To do justice to Great Britain, I will state that she
has enacted a few laws in relation to Oregon; and
one of these provides that the Hudson Bay company
have power to give judgment against any American
citizen in Oregon, and issue an execution, under
cover of which he may be confined in their forts, or
sent to the jails of Canada, at their pleasure. So,
when they'do not want to try and punish American
citizens on American territory, without law, or by
mob law, made on the spot, for fear of outraging
public feeling, they will kidnap them, and take them
to a British colony, to be tried by British judges
and British laws. Now, under tins state of things,
we ask that a territorial government be sent them; we
ask for them laws, judges, and jurors; to all of
which, every American citizen, however humble
his condition, and however distant his abode, is
justly entitled. But if they cannot have these, as
the scantiest pittance—as the least act of grace on
the part of our government—we ask only the pro-
tection of the American flag. And what less can
we ask for those daring adventurers who, "dxicti
amove palrim," sacrificing all the endearments of
their early homos,' and all the gay delights of the
social ana fashionable circles, count their lives as
nothing in the midst of their determination to ex-
tend the bounds of American civilization, and plant
the cross of Christ on the shores of the Pacific?
Mr. Chairman, when we have ascertained our
rights, then is just the time to resent any encroach
ment upon them. Such was the governing senti
ment of our patriotic forefathers in 1774, who
thought not a moment of the power—the tremen-
dous power—of their mother country, when they
found her the aggressor—when they found her m
the wrong, and'they themselves in the right. And if,
poor as they then were, both as States and individ-
uals; if weak as they then were in every respect; if
unprotected as they then were against the Indians
on one side, and Great Britain on the other, they
dared strike for their rights, can we long hesitate
as to our duty? Shall it be said that, -ere the last
revolutioner lias gone down to his grave, this na-
tion will condescend to tamper, to parley, to use the
language of weakness and timidity, when a tract of
country, embracing one-fourth more than the original
thirteen States, is at stake? And that, too, because,
as the gentleman has told us, England is powerful,
and more prepared for war than wc are. But m
what consistp this great, this formidable power of
England, sufficient, m the mind of the gentleman,
tosiifle the voice of our people, to paralyze the action
of this bodv on so important a question as this?
Like the millionaires of 1836, England makes a
great show on paper. She has possessions beyond
count; but, like those millionaires, she has long
lived on that bubble, expanded credit, and she is
about out of funds. Her citizens at home, whose
sweat and blood she lias so long and so severely
taxed, are becoming factions and disorderly, while
her colonists are bearing her yoke very impatiently
She is in debt beyond her mean's or expectations
ever to pay; and each year she adds to it. Her
strength is anywhere else than where it ought to be—
in the affections of liei people. And here, sir, is
the impregnable fortress of the American govern-
ment. Her people love it, and will sacrifice their
all to defend it. But here Great Britain is weak.
The people upon whom she lehes for defence are
groaning under innumerable cruelties and oppres-
sions, and if they fight at all, it will be from com-
pulsion and for pay, lather than love. And the
value of such soldiers against men fighting for their
inalienable rights, the struggle for our independence
fully tested. England has little to gain even, at best,
by going to war with us, and much, very much,
to lose; and she has no idea of it. She has had
enough of wars with the United States, where she
always gets worsted. She prefers negotiations, where
she always beats us. Hence we find her not wish-
ing to fight for, but to negotiate for, Oregon.
Having no title to this desirable tract of coun-
try, she pretends one, and modestly claims
the whole. But in this enligliened Christian
age, she does not wish to go to war, and proposes a
compromise. And thus far she has been very fortu-
nate; for already has an American Secretary of State
(Mr. Clay, in 1826) instructed one of our ministers
(Mr. Gallatin) to offer to give her all above 49 deg.,
so as to make our boundary west of the mountains
ran parallel with that east—a surrender .of 5 deg.
and 40 min.—almost half the country; and this, too,
after he had written that Great Britain could not
make out a colorable title to any portion of the
northwest coast. She, however, in her complacen-
cy, offered to give us all below the centre of the
navigable current of the Columbia at its mouth, and
a line extended easterly parallel thereto, which (call-
ing the mouth 46 deg. and 10 min.) would give us a
little over 4 deg.—notquite onethird. She negotiates
under every advantage, since every degree, every
minute, every second, will be so much clear gain.
Her conduct in this matter reminds me of the des-
peration of a hard-faced gambler, who, after he had
lost his last cent of thousands, proposed to the win-
ner to flip up a copper, and see who should have the
whole pile of money on the table; and, when the
winner, in the phrensy of the moment, consented,
and the copper was in the air, he exclaimed, "Now,
heads, I win; tails, you lose." Sir, this is much the
way England plays with us. When she first sat
down to negotiate for a portion of the State' of
Maine, she pretended to have no right whatever to
that which she at last got; but was willing to pur-
chase it. We were not willing to sell on her terms.
Nevertheless, she kept negotiating and negotiating
until she got all she wanted. To be sure, it is said
we got other territory in payment; but that territory
was ours, too. She took our property, and traded
with us for more of our property, and cheated us in
the bargain.
Sir, the greatest mistake that our country ever
made was in not insisting fully upon the line of
1783. Every deviation from it has so far been ca-
lamitous to our best interests, whenever we have
come fully to understand them. England has been
too long skilled in diplomacy for us to think
of playing evenhanded with her; and hence,
before the stakes are down, I am for limiting
our agents, and it is on this very account that
western members wish to provoke discussion
upon this Oregon question. We wish to show the
importance we attach to the great valley of the Co-
lumbia, so that, if men trade it away, they may be
Aware of the consequences. We have once offered
to Great Britain, in an unwary moment, to the for-
ty-ninth parallel. But who dare, sir, say on this
floor, that our people will warrant or sanction that
offer again; or an offer to surrender a single inch of
that country? The gentleman has said that this is
not the time to act upon this matter. Sir, I beg
leave to differ with him; and assign, as the very rea-
son why we should act upon it, the one which he
gives for not acting. He sa^(| a negotiation is about
to be opened with respect to Oregon. Well, sir, it will
be mere child's play—empty word-- alone—to dis-
cuss the matter after the negotiation is closed, the
treaty ratified, and, perhaps, half of Oregon given
away. What avails it to discuss the Ashburton
treaty now? Like it, or not like it, we cannot help
ourselves; and, though disapproved by nine-tenths
of the people who understand it, they have no other
resort but to sanction it as they would the de-
crees of Omnipotence. The fiat has gone forth, and
no one can stay it. This may soon be the case
with Oregon; and now is the time, just the time, the
urgent time, to speak out and declare our sentiments,
ere diplomacy may have done its work. And spc-nk
we will. Sir, ever since this session commenced,
we have been introducing proposition after proposi-
tion on this subject. But, until this time, our inge-
nuity has only been able to keep pace with that of
the honorable gentlemen opposed to us, in silently
disposing of them all as fast as we could introduce
them. I will tell the House that the West has come
here united to a man upon this subject; (I extremely
regret, however, to except the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky.) And we intend to speak out upon
every possible occasion to arouse this House to a
sense of its duty, and to awake the furthermost re->
