92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Weller.
H. of Reps.
. fears; since, let what question arise that will, there
are always some that instinctively espouse the
British side. For one, I have no concern for any
disadvantageous effects arising from the discussion
of this question, even if Lord Packenham does
come; afid let him come—and come to take the
mouth of the Columbia, too, if it so please him. We
have had one Packenham on a visit to our shores,
with a view to take the mouth of another celebrated
river; and does the gentleman remember the warm
reception he met with, and the result of Am nego-
tiations? He found more cannister and grape here
than he brought in his mails; and, before he could
effectually open his despatches for our government,
he was despatched to another world, and his fol-
lowers were despatched in hot pursuit, except a few
who were despatched home on an errand of mercy.
And the opinions and sympathies with reference to
our treatment of that Packenham, and his British
and American allies, were expressed a few days
since by the members of this House by their votes
on the bill to refund General Jackson's fine. We
then saw who favored the conqueror of Packen-
ham the first. Now, if Packcnham the second
has come to take the mouth of the Columbia river
by negotiation, by diplomacy, by threats, by the ex-
hibition of more East India mails, or by main force,
I predict that another Jackson will rise up to defend
it against the ravages of an infamous crew, whose
rallying cry is "beauty and bootyand also to im-
prison the Halls, the Louallicrs, and such other
traitors as may appear. I will not, I cannot stop
to count the cost, as the gentleman has, when our
country's lights are invaded; when our citizens are
hourly exposed to the brutal massacres of the In-
dians; when persons entitled to the protection of our
government are repeatedly arrested, and cruelly
punished, and sometimes unrighteously executed
by a mob court, instituted at the will of the Hudson
Bay company, which is immediately interested in
driving every one of our citizens from the country.
Instead of keeping quiet, I think it our duty to
speak ficcly and candidly, and let England know
that she never can have an inch of Oregon,
nor another inch of what is now claimed" as
the United States territory. I go farther yet, sir;
and I say that she never can have Texas or Califor-
nia. If she entertains any such expectations, they
arc delusive. England has run her race on tiie
American continent. Henceforth she is to be the
loser and not the gainer in any instance. Once
again let Canada strike for freedom, and the liberal
spirit of the age, the republican sentiments of our
people, will not tolerate our government in sending
another "peace establishment" to our northern fron-
tier, to cmburrs.s tin* struggling ^ons of freedom by
keeping American sympathies this side the line.
With England in possesion of Texas, what are we
to expect from our cotton trade? Again: with her
in possession of California and the fertile plains of
Oregon, how soon vanish our golden dreams of com-
peting with the whole world m bread stuffs?—how
quick js gone our sanguine hope of supplying all
China with tobacco, and of carrying on the mnut
profitable and extensive trade with the Sandwich is-
land*, the East Indies, and, indeed, with the whole
I\u ifit* country5 Sir, England already has Canada
on our north. Now give her Oregon and California
on ihe west, and Texas on the south, and, with her
prerent force on the Atlantic, what should we he
but a mere island, surrounded m every direction by
Pritu-h territory and British powei? Sir, I may be
u fanatic on thn subject, but l candidly believe God
never made an inch of America to be a colony of
Great lactam or any other go\ernmcnL T ne\er
could make up my mind that Tic designed the utter-
most j.oitio/is of this section of the earth, nt leapt,
foi hci inhejitance. I have e\erlooked upon Amer-
ica }•? the hmd of promise—as the tenestial paradise
which should know tyranny and oppression only by
name. 1 have ever believed all of America destined
as "the land of the free;'" and 1 hope our action on
this all-important question will show to the world
that the United States, at least, is still "the home of
the bra\e." As against Great rumin or any other
go\ernm<nt, we can rightfully take possession of
Oregon; and I can for doing so immediately, and for
passing such laws as will hold out the greatest in-
ducements for speedy emigration to that country.
When old Ethan Allen took possession of a firit-
i<ih fort, and his authority was demanded, he replied,
"by the authority of Almighty God and the conti-
nental Congress." Religious enterprise, missionary
zeal, has done the most that has been done, thus far,
for the settlement of Oregon. Hence (I say it with
due deference) the Almighty God bids us onward
to take Oregon; and all we are now asking for, is
the authority of the present, though not the conti-
nental, Congress. We chastized Great Britain in
our infancy; we did it again soon after we were one
and twenty; and why fear her now, whilst in our
full strength, in demanding our rights? Sir, in be-
half of the West, where no such fears are entertain-
ed, I close by bidding Lord Packenham and Great
Britain defiance. That nation, and that name, can
strike no terror to our hearts whilst the battle of
New Orleans, fought under so many adverse circum-
stances, is fresh in our recollection. On that occa-
sion, they both, with all their importance and all
their pretence, were weighed in the balance against the
patriotism and valor of a few unpretending Ameri-
cans, and found grossly wanting. England may
flatter herself that she will yet divide the Elysian
fields of Oregon with us; but she might as well set
in motion another Hartford convention, to divide this
glorious confederacy, cemented by the blood of our
fathers. She may dream of the joint possession of
the navigable waters of the mighty Columbia. In
that same mad dream may shewell include the pos-
session of the great Mississippi, and all its tributa-
ries. Docs she entertain the faintest hope of ever
holding any portion of Oregon in peace? Let that
hope be based on her first procuring a surrender of
our national Capitol. But stop—the figure is too
weak. She has once had this Capitol in her posses-
session. Before she holds Oregon in peace, she
must first extinguish the spirit of liberty springing
perennially from every American heart. That land
is ours by original discovery, and also by original
possession.- It is ours by our own right, and also
that of several nations, conveyed to us by solemn
treaties—all with paramount claims to Great Britian.
If one inch of it is ours, it is all ours; for we hold it
all by the same tenure. It is all ours, or there is
none of it ours. Let it all go together. The true
mother, in the Scripture, could not consent to the
division of the child. And, as a last request of our
treaty-making powers, the American people say,
cut not in twain, for purposes of disgraceful
peace, our darling territory.
REMARKS OF MR. WELLER,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Rejwesentalives, January 17 and 18,
1844—In reply to Mr. Stewart, of Pennsyl-
vania.
Tuesday, January 16, 1844.
Mr. Stewart, of Pennsylvania, having concluded
his remarks—
Mr. Weller obtained the floor, and the House
adjourned.
Wednesday, January 17, 1844.
Mr. WELLER, being entitled to the floor, pro-
ceeded to say that, when the House adjourned last
evening, he had a strong inclination to say some-
thing in reply to the very extraordinary speech of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart.]
He felt called on, as a western member, whom that
gentleman endeavored to place in a false position, to
say something in response. But now, after a night's
reflection, he had no disposition to make a speech;
and lie would briefly state his reasons for this
course.
After explanations between Messrs. Wej.ler,
Ingrrsoi.l, and Seymour—members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—as to what had oc-
cmred yesterday, he (Mr. W.) proceeded to state,
the history of thin debate.
On Monday, the genfeman from Kentucky [Mr,
Thomasso\] presented the resolution now under
consideration instructing the Committee of Ways
and Means to bring m a bill making the necessary
appropriations to keep the snag-boats on the west-
ern waters nt operation during the ensuing year.
Subsequently, a motion is made to reconsider; and
upon that motion a debate springs up. The author
of the resolution [Mr. Tiiumasson] submitted a
few remarks pertinent to the question before the
House. Then came the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Wtlkinr,] who also confined himself to
the question. He was succeeded by his friend, who
sits by him, from Missouri, [Mr. Bowi.in,] who
spoke of the importance of the western rivers, and
the necessity for immediate action. Thus far, the
debate was strictly in order. But the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart,] to whom
he now alluded, left his seat, and came over to the
democratic side of the House, and, raking a position
near him, made a violent stump speech, covering
the whole ground of party politics; a speech which
he had no doubt that member had repeated an hun-
dred times, and which he (Mr. Weller) had often
heard in better language from the stump in his own
district. If ever an outrage upon all parliamentary
rules was committed, it was done on yesterday,
by the infliction of that stale party diatribe on tne
House. What were they called on to do? They
were asked to instruct a committee to report a bill
to remove the snags in the Mississippi and its trib-
utaries, which are daily destroying the lives and
property of our people. And while we are delib-
erating upon this subject, with our sympathies
deeply excited by the arrival of the news that a
steamboat had struck one of these snags on the Mis-
sissippi, and from fifty to seventy-five of our coun-
trymen, without a moment's warning, hurried to
another state of existence—a calamity which carried
grief and mourning to the hearts of more than a thou-
sand kindred,—at thatmomentthe gentleman launch-
es out into the broad field of party politics, and
makes a stump speech; a speech denouncing, in the
harshest language, Mr. Yan Buren and his friends,
and endeavoring to stir up the angry feelings of the
respective parties. There are times (and such an
occasion might occur) when*he would take pleasure
in exposing the numerous misrepresentations of that
gentleman. He (Mr. W.) would, at the proper time,
show that all of his allegations, as to Mr. Van
Buren's position towards the western improvements,
now under consideration, were wholly unfounded in
truth. If he could not show? beyond a doubt, the
untruth of many of his assertions, he would be con-
tent to wear the brand on his brow; but if he did
show that statements coming from an intelligent
member were untrue, he should ask the House and
the country to place a mark on his forehead. He
would, in clue time, show that that member, if not
an economist in pecuniary affairs, was, at least, an
economizer of truth; but this, said he, is not the
time. After some further remarks, he expressed the
hope that the House would terminate this unprof-
itable debate, and come at once to the question.
This, he repeated, was no time for following the
member from Pennsylvania into a discussion of the
presidential question, the subject of the tariff, or the
expenditures of the last administration, or any of
the hackneyed topics of party debate.
He regretted that the member from Pennsylvania
was not now in his seat, that he might an oppor-
tunity to correct or explain, if he desired, what he
(M. W.) had said; but he would again affirm that,
at the. proper time, he would expose the imposition
he has attempted to practise on this House. Yes,
(said Mr. W.,) I will show some of his statements
wholly destitute of truth.
He promised at the outset not to make a speech.
If, however, in the course of his remarks, he had said
anything which any gentleman desired to explain,
he would cheerfully yield the floor But he came
into this hall this morning deeply impressed with
the necessity of terminating a debate which cannot,
after the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, be continued without extending over the
whole ground of party politics. The people want
no stump speeches, especially now when their sym-
pathies are so deeply excited by the recent calam-
ity. They want action—-action; and, as a western
member, he felt bound to do all in his power to close
this discussion. ITe, therefore, moved the previous
question.
Several members on both sides appealed to Mr.
W. to withdraw the previous question.
Mr. Weller said, if gentlemen desire to contro-
vert any of the statements I have made, I will most
cheerfully yield; but if the debate is to be a general
one, covering the whole field ofpolitics, I cannot—I
dare not withdraw my motion.
The previous question was sustained by the
House.
In the afternoon the following proceedings were
had, as reported in the National Intelhgencei:
"Mr. Smith of Illinois obtained the floor, and,
after some conversation, finally yielded it to
"Mr. Stewaut, of Pennsylvania, to make a per-
sonal explanation. Mr. said he had understood
that; at a very early moment this morning, before
he had come into his seat, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Weller] had occupied the floor, and, among
other remarks, had undertaken to say that what he
(Mr. S.) had yesterday said m regard to the opin-
ion of Mr. Van Buren m reference to the powers of
this government over internal improvements was not
true.
