Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,93
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Wetter.
H. of Reps.
"Mr. Smith here interposed and claimed the floor;
but Mr. Stewart urging his request to be allowed
an opportunity for "one word" of explanation, again
yielded, and
"Mr. Stewart proceeded. The gentleman
from Ohio, he had understood, had said that what
he (Mr. S.) had said was not true, and, if he did
not prove that this was the case, that he would take
the brand upon his forehead of having stated an un-
truth; and that, if he did succeed in it, he (Mr. S.)
should take this brand of falsehood. Mr. S. took
up the gauntlet. He pledged to the House and to
the country to prove to the letter every word he had
said, by Mr. Van Buren's letters, in which he denied
the power of the general government to make inter-
nal improvements, stating that the consent of the
States could not confer the power, and concurring
with Jackson in the principles which he had laid
down in his veto on' the Maysville road bill. He
was prepared to substantiate this by proof, and then
he hoped the gentleman would take on his own fore-
head the brand of which he had spoken.
"Mr. Weller said the House would recollect (and
the gentleman's remarks were so reported, and cor-
rectly) that the gentleman had stated that Mr. Van
Buren had instructed his Secretary of War
to omit the estimates for the Cumberland road, be-
cause he would veto the bill if the appropriation was
inserted. Mr. W. had been speaking in relation to
this, and had pronounced this statement of the gen-
tleman untrue. So far from it was the fact, that, in
1838, Mr. Van Buren had signed a bill appropriating
for the continuation of the Cumberland road through
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
"Mr. Stewart said he had made no such state-
ment as the gentleman represented. He had said,
what was perfectly true, that Mr. Van Buren had
withheld the estimates for these western improve-
ments from this House; and he had stated it as a
matter of inference that he had withheld them from
the House on the ground that if appropriations of
that kind were made, he must feel himself bound to
veto the bill, and that he would have vetoed it.
"Mr. Weller read from Mr. Stewart's remarks,
as reported in the Intelligencer, (the reports of
which, he said, were uniformly quite as accurate as
those of any other paper,) to corroborate his state-
ment as to what Mr. S. had said yesterday on this
point.
"Mr. Stewart repeated that he had stated the fact
that Mr. Van Buren had withheld these appropria-
tions; and, as a matter of argument or inference, he
had said that they were withheld because he would
have vetoed the bill if they had been included."
Thursday, January 18.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the reference of
the President's message.
Mr. Stewart being entitled to the floor, pioceed-
ed to address the committee for an hour in defcnce
of the propositions laid down by him in his previous
speech in the House, and, in the couise of his re-
marks, among other harsh expressions, said, "I
have fixed the brand of falsehood on the brow of
the member from Ohio, who sougfet to fix it on
mine. Let him wear it."
After he concluded, Mr. Weller obtained the
floor, and remarked, as the hour is now late, if it is
the pleasure of the committee to rise and adjourn, I
will to-morrow obey the injunction of Solomon, and
"answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise
in his own conceit."
The committee then rose, and tjje House ad-
journed.
Friday, January 19.
Mr. Weller, being entitled to the floor, proceed-
ed to address the committee as follows:
Mr. .Chairman: For the reason assigned at the
adjournment last evening, I am here to-day l'or the
purpose of paying my particular respects to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart.] I
do not propose discussing the immediate question
before the committee. To that I had an opportuni-
ty of speaking some ten days since; but I intend to
confine myself to a reply to the remarks which have
fallen from that member, [Mr. Stewart.] He
shall not, after the particular attention he has be-
stowed on me, have any cause to complain of neg-
lect on my part. He has made, as the House will
bear me witness, an unprovoked, an unjustifiable at-
tack on Mr. Van Buren and his friends, and en-
deavored to place me in a false position before the
country. He has, with a vast deal of self-compla-
cency, told the House that he was ready to meet
me; and, by showing that his statements, which I
pronounced on a former occasion untrue, were sus-
tained by the proof, thus fix the brand of false-
hood on my brow. I am now ready for the con-
test, and will not shrink from the position I have
assumed.
In order that the committee may properly under-
stand the difference between that member and my-
self, it is necessary to go back to the origin of this
difficulty.
The debate sprung up upon a motion to reconsid-
er a resolution submitted by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Thomasson,] instructing the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill to keep
the snag boats on the Mississippi and its tributaries
in operation during the ensuing year. The author
of the resolution spoke to the question and nothing
else; he was followed by the gentleman from the
Pittsburgh district, [Mr. Wilkins,] who also con-
fined his remarks to the subject. My friend from
Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] succeeded him in an able
speech upon the importance of these western rivers,
their commerce, and the necessity for the immediate
action of the general government. Thus far the de-
bate had been strictly in order, and not a remark
made to rouse the party feeling of any member on
this floor. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stewart] then took the floor, and inflicted a stump
speech upon this House, denouncing the friends of
Mr. Van Buren in unmeasured terms, discussing the
subject of the tariff, internal improvements by the
general government, the expenditures of the past
administration, and all the political topics upon which
the parties are divided. The main object of that speech
evidently was to place western gentlemen in a false
position, and produce the impression that Mr. Van
Beurn was opposed to all the improvements we
were so zealously advocating. He told us, hi his in-
solent manner, that we must abandon our man or
our principles. With my sympathies deeply aroused
by the recent calamity on the Mississippi, and feel-
ing the most anxious solicitude for an appropriation
to guard against such disasters in future, I was
provoked beyond measure at the coarse and low at-
tack of the member from Pennsylvania. 1 am awaie
that the member has since attempted to find a justifi-
cation for this outrage upon propriety, in the fact
that some remarks of a party character fell from my
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Jameson.] In answer
to this, I have only to say that the speech to which he
alludes was made not in the House, but in Commit-
tee of the Whole—not on the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Thomasson,] but
on a motion to refer the President's message; not
by way of attack, but in answer to an assault
made on the democratic party by the gentleman who
preceded him, from New York, [Mr. Hunt.] The
Committee of the Whole, therefore, (if in order at all,)
was the proper place to make his stump speech.
Satisfied in my own mind that lus misrepresent-
ations, unless contradicted, would make a false im-
pression on the public mind, I did rise in my place,
and say that I would, at the proper time, show that
that member was an economizcr of truth; and I am
ready to establish it.
The member from Pennsylvania labored an hour
on yesterday to maintain Ins charges, which I had
pronounced untrue, and declared that he had suc-
ceeded in fixing the brand of falsehood on me. Af-
ter I have been heard on this subject, I am willing
to leave this House and the public to decide the
matter.
I will now take up the report of that member's
speech, as found in his own party organ, (the Na-
tional Intelligencer,) and will show that, in many
particulars, he has attempted to palm untruths up-
on this House.
Li the fiist place, he says, (foi I quote his own
language.)
"Air. Stewart said he concurred in much that
had been said by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Jameson] as to the general importance of the com-
merce on the Mississippi, and of improving its nav-
igation. But the gentleman had told the House
that Mr. Van Buren had never refused to sign a bill
for any works of internal improvement. That
might be all very true; but did he not withhold
from Congress the estimates for the Cumberland
road? And was it not under his administration that
these estimates %vere so withheld for the first time?
He told his Secretary of War not to send in estimates
for the continuation of that road, because, if he did,
and Congress made the appropriation, he must veto
the bill."
When I quoted this the succeeding day, what did
that member say? i give his answer:
"Mr. Stewart said-he had made no such statement
as the gentleman represented."
There is no "presumption," no "inference," ;in
the matter; it is positively asserted as a fact; arid,
when the remarks were read, he demied them. This
denial, sir, in the presence of this House, I pro-
nounce twtfrue. If there is a gentleman on this side
of the hall, who listened to his speech, who will
now rise and say that he did not use the language
imputed to him, I will retract all I have said. Yes,
sir, if a single member sustains his denial, I will
yield the floor, and abandon the contest.
No member rising, Mr. • W. proceeded to say:
This member, then, has made a false charge against
Mr. Van Buren, whiph has gone to the world as
true, and has now attempted to escape from its con-
sequences by denying it! Finding, that a denial of
what had been uttered in the presence of so many
witnesses would not answer, he now seeks to ex-
tricate himself from this unenviable position, by
skulking behind an "inference!" Let gentlemen
read the charge, and see whether that construction
can be given to it. But even if it were an "infer-
ence," no member has a right to infer an untruth,
as he [Mr. Stewart] now seemed to admit this
was.
[Mr. Stewart rose to explain.]
Mr. Weller. I suffered the member (with but
one slight interruption at the outlet) to have his
hour on yesterday, in his effortis to injure me, and
place the brand on my brow; and I cannot yield
the floor to-day. He may reply to me, if he chooses,
after I have concluded.
[Mr. Stewart "said that he could not have in-
tended to say what Van Buren told his Secretary,
for he was not one of his cabinet, and did not hear
what passed between them."]
Mr. Weller. Thank God ! he was not a mem-
ber of that cabinet; but if, as he says, he knew
nothing of what had taken place, why attempt to
speak of itf As a general rule, a man acts wisely
who does not speak of matters about which he
knows nothing. I charge him nothing for this ad-
vice, and he might have profited by it, if it had been
given sooner
But the member has attempted to escape from the
issue, and represents me as pledging myself to prove
the untruth of all he had said in his speech on
Tuesday! Sir, I made no such issue. I am not
oolish enough to charge that a speech of an hour,
on twenty different subjects, contained not a single
truth. The member from Pennsylvania must be
the greatest romancer, the most parsimonious econ-
omizer of truth that the age has produced, if he
could thus speak extemporaneously an hour, with-
out stumbling on a solitary fact! His whole argu-
ment yesterday was, to show that he had stated
some truths, (afact which I did not controvert,) and
in his effort, reminds me of the well-known anecdote
of the Indian and landlord. The Indian told the
tavern-keeper that, for a glass of rum, lie would tell
him where he would find a deer, just killed. The
white man agreed: the Indian said, go to a certain
field, in that you will find an oak-tree, with three
notches on it, and under that you will find the deer.
The white man went, but returned without the deer,
and commenced abusing the Indian for his fraud. The
Indian replied, did you find the field? Yes. Did
you find the oak tree? Yes. Did you find three
notches on it? Yes, said the white man, but I found
no deer. Well, said the savage, three truths for
one lie is pretty well for an Indian. So it is with
he member from Pennsylvania: he thinks he has
succeeded aduiiiably, by showing that some of his
statements aic true.
Having shown the shuffling of the member as to
his declaration on this floor, and fastened No. 1
upon his brow, I will hereafter show how fur the
statement as to withholding appropriations is true.
For the present, let me read another remark of his.
I quote again, as I intend throughout, his own
words:
"The Committee of Ways and Means had de-
clined reporting any bill whatever for internal im-
provement. Trie gentleman had expressed some
surprise at this. But, said Mr. S., it is not surpri-
sing, looking at the character of that committee. He
would tell the gentleman why it had so resulted. It
was' because a majority of that committee—because
two-thirds of that committee—belonged to the party
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,] who
denied thi3 power to make internal improvements.
Yes, and they were bound to deny that power, or to
abandon their candidate for the presidency, who de*
nied it peremptorily."
