€OMRESSIOIAL OLOBE
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN "ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 6.
[Continued from A#. 5.]
thanked the gentleman for that answer; it would
go to the people of the West, and they would then
be better able to understand the purposes for
which their money was thus expended. In regard
to the navy, Mr. G. avowed the intention to go
with any gentlemen, no matter what party they be-
longed to, in reducing its expenditures within a
reasonable compass. He believed the commerce of
the country did not require so large a naval'force
as was kept up at so enormous an expense, and he
would go for reducing it. A gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Belser] inquired the other day where the
money was to come from that was required for the
improvement of the Western waters. He would
take this occasion to answer the gentleman, and tell
him that he would get the money by taking it from
the extravagances of the army and navy—by taking
the money which was wasted on fortifications, which,
in future times, would be considered as useless as
the baronial castles of Europe. They had esti-
mates before them now, proposing an expenditure of
fourteen hundred thousand dollars for fortifications,
which, if applied to that object, would be money
thrown away. He would save the money necessa-
ry for the Western waters by pruning down and cut-
ting off useless expenditures; and he said to gentle-
men who were m favor of such a policy,
that he would go with them, no matter to
what party they belonged. He cared not
for party when he had such objects in view, and
would not be driven from his purpose by the argu-
ment that the abuses of this House required correc-
tion. He had some experience on this subject; and
lie would inform the new members that any measure
of reform that they might seek to introduce would
always be met in the same way. Let them attempt
to reform any department of the Government, no
matter what, and some gentleman would always rise
and tell them that that was not the place to begin at;
that there were other and more crying abuses that
required correction first. Let them not listen to such
arguments; let them apply the reform to the particu-
lar department they have in hand, and in that way,"
and that way only, they may do good.
But to return to the home squadron. It had been
intimated by the venerable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that this squadron was es-
tablished for the protection of the slave interests of
the South. They had seen, in some of the Southern
papers, the aid of the Executive invoked to do some-
thing to stop the absconding of slaves from the
Southern States, and this had roused up the suspi-
cions of the Western people, and they were anxious
to know the facts of the case; and when they knew
that this squadron was not wanted for the protection
of the coasting trade as declared by the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] their suspi-
cions would be roused to a higher pitch. Why, it
was stated in the Southern papers, the other day,
that-a lieutenant in command of one of our national
vessels went on to the coast of Florida in search of
fugitive slaves. An officer of the United States aban-
doned the commerce he was to protect, and prosti-
tuted his flag for the base purpose of catching fugi-
tive slaves.
Mr. LEVY begged leave to inform the gentle-
man that it was not only fugitive slaves the officer
went in search of, hut fugitive murderers.
Mr. GIDD1NGS disclaimed any sectional feel-
ngs in the remarks it was his painful duty to make,
but he must speak on this subject as it deserved;
and in doing so, would treat Southern gentlemen
with all kindness. He would tell them, then, that
the people of Ohio would never consent to have
their money expended to protect the slave trade,
while their vessels were submerged in the storm
for want of harbors. They would not consent,
while necessary appropriations were denied them,
that their money should be poured into the Atlantic
States to protect the Atlantic slave trade. He did
not mean to say that this was the true object of the
home squadron. He trusted that such a degradation
would not be put upon our flag, and that it would
not be prostituted for such a vile purpose. But he
insisted that the inquiries in the resolution ought to
be answered. Let the people of the West know the
facts. Do not keep them in the dark, If this
squadron is kept up for such a purpose, let them
know it, and they will say that it is done in viola-
tion of their most sacred rights; for they denied
the power of this Government to tax them to pro-
tect this trade on our coasts and put it down in
Africa. He protested that he was not sectional in
his views. He would say to the South that he
would protect their commerce; but in doing so, he
denied that this domestic slave trade was commerce.
The Supreme Court had decided that it was not;
and he would say that every attempt to involve the
people of the free States in it, wUs an act of moral
turpitude, and an encroachment on their constitu-
tional rights.
Mr. WELLER observed that, as the discussion
promised to be a protracted one, he would move an
adjournment; but if he was mistaken, and no other
gentleman wished to address the House on the ques-
tion, he would move the previous question.
Objections to an adjournment being made by
several, Mr. W. moved the previous question.
Upon this motion tellers were called for and
ordered.
Mr. CARROLL moved an adjournment; reject-
ed—ayes 53, noes 67. *
The question being put on seconding the call for
the previous question, the vote was—ayes 67,
noes 42.
There being no quorum-
Mr. R. D. DAVIS moved an adjournment; but
withdrew the motion at the suggestion of the Speak-
er, to allow the presentation of several documents.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
following letter, which was read:
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives:
Sir: 1 beg leave to decline acting on the special
committee appointed by the House to take into
consideration certain resolutions of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, proposing to Congress so to alter the
Constitution as to abolish the representation of the.
Southern States for their slaves. This was one of
the compromises of the Constitution, without which
it would never have existed; and without which it
cannot now exist. My constituents, I am assured,
will agree with me, that neither in a committee, nor
any where else, should I take this subject voluntari-
ly into consideration, or assist in consultations upon
it. They will be satisfied that others shall consider
it, and they should only act. I ask to be excused
from serving on the committee, and subscribe my-
self, your obedient servant
R.BARNWELL RHETT.
December 27, 1843.
The question being put on excusing Mr. Rhett,
it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. BARNARD moved that the House adjourn:
rejected.
REPORT OP THE COMMISSIONER OP THE
LAND OFFICE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a commu-
nication from the Treasury Department, transmit-
ting the annual report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
Mr. McKAY moved that the document be laid on
the table, and printed.
Some conversation ensued in relation to the printing
of extra copies of this report, and the former practice
of the House in regard to the number of copies
printed, m which Messrs. McKAY, HOPKINS,
THOMPSON, DAVIS of Indiana, and HARDIN
took part; when
Mr. HARDIN moved to lay the motion to print
on the table: carried without a division.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House two
communications from the Treasury Department m
relation to a private claim.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. DUNCAN gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, ask leave to introduce
a bill to amend the existing naturalization laws.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of J\ M. Pum-
phrey and 46 other citizens pf Guernsey county,
Ohio, praying for the erection of a bridge scross the
Ohio river at "Wheeling: referred to. the Committee -
on Roads and Canals.'
By Mr. DANA: The petition of 100 inhabitants
of Havana, in the county of Chemung, in the State
of New York, who are interested in the navigation
of the New York canals, praying that canal-boats
engaged in trading with the cities of New York,
Troy, and Albany, be not required" to take out li-
censes as coasting vessels, or to contribute to the
hospital fund: referred to the Committee On Com-
merce. '
By Mr. DODGE: Two petitions from the inhab-
itants of the county of Milwaukie, Territory of
Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a mail-route
from Maquonago, via Eagle Prairie, White Water,
and Fort Atkinson, to Madison, the seat of govern-
ment of said Territory: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. STEENROD: Three petitions from Ohio
county, Virginia, praying for the erectiott of a.
bridge over the Ohio river at Wheeling.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The petition of Jacob Shy,,
for compensation in land for his services as a soldier
in the late war.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: A preamble and resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of -Kentucky,
relative to the purchase and manufacture of'hemp,
in Kentucky for the use of the navy of the United
States: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
By Mr. COBB: Resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Georgia, for a mailstage route from
Clarkville, Georgia, to Asliville, North Carolina, by
way of Clayton and Franklin: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Also,
the petition and papers in the case of; James C.
Watson's legal representatives: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
House op Representatives,
Washington, Dec. 29, 1843;
Gentlemen: I will thank you, should you pub-
lish in the Congressional Globe the remarks made
by me in the House of Representatives yesterday,
and published in the Globe of last evening, to make
the following corrections before they are transferred
to the Congressional Globe; and oblige yours, with
respect,
JOHN P. HALE. '
Messrs. Blair & Rives.
I am made to say, "and the most of his property
was invested in it." It should read, instead of that,
"a portion of the very little he had on earth was invested
in it." Again, I am represented as saying, " he in-
tended to propose to limit those appropriations to a 3Vm
sufficient only to support the squadron stationed in the
Mediterranean." Instead of that, it should read,
"when the appropriation bill came up, he intended to
limit the Secretary of the Navy in appropriations for the
squadron in the Mediterranean, and so with the Pacific
and Brazil squadrons."
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 29, 1843.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from James
Wilson, the keeper of the gate at the Capitol, (com-
monly called the posey-watcher,) asking such an
increase of compensation as will place him on the
footing of other deputy watchmen employed at the
Capitol: referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was ordered that
the petition of Daniel G. Skinner, of Alabama, be taken
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the further consid-
ation of the petition of Elizabeth Scott; and it was
committed to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from John Mil-
likan, of Montville, Maine, praying indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. CLAYTON, leave was grant-
