Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. A. Johnson.
' H. of Reps.
Arkansas river - 40,000
Mouth of Red river - 30,000
Here, then, I have shown, by the official docu-
merts, that this assertion is wholly unfounded. I
have not the charity to suppose that the industrious
member from Pennsylvania was ignorant of these
facts. In his anxiety to injure Mr. Van Buren, and.
prejudice his cause amongst western gentlemen, he
has done this violence to truth in the hope that his
speech would be suffered to go to the country un-
contradicted. I have therefore proved, by incon-
trovertible evidence, that estimates were sent in for
the Cumberland road during the "second year" of
Mr. Van Buren's administration; and this makes
No. 6. I have also proved that estimates were
sent in for the western rivers in the same year; thus
convicting him of No. 7. I said, the other day, that
the member was an economizer of truth, and
had made declarations wholly unsustained by the
records.
Mr. E. Joy Morris. Does the gentleman from
Ohio say that my colleague has asserted a delibe-
rate falsehood?
Mr. Stewart. I return the epithets.
Mr. Weller. One at a time, gentlemen. Wheth-
er his colleague was deliberate, or not, I do not under-
take to say. My language is clear and explicit, and
I mean what I have said. If the gentleman [Mr.
Morris] desiies a controversy with me, he, too, may
be accommodated.
I now proceed to the next charge; for these inter-
ruptions shall not prevent me from fixing the brand
upon the member. He says:
"He (Mr. Van Buren) told his Secretary of War
not to send in estimates for the continuation of that
[Cumberland] road; if he did, and Congress made
the appropriation, he must veto it."
When did Mr. Van Buren give these instructions
to the Secretary of War to withhold these estimates?
This document shows that, in December, 1837, esti-
mates were sent to Congress for the road and rivers,
for the year 1838; and on the 25th May, 1838, as I
before stated, Van Buren signed a bill for the con-
tinuation of the Cumberland road. By turning to
the documents accompanying the report of the Secre-
tary of War, under date 30th November, 1839,1 find,
from the Topographical department, estimates for
the continuation of the Cumberland road m Ohio,
for the years 1840, 1841, and 1842; also, estimates
for the year 1840, in Indiana and Illinois. (See doc-
ment 2, page 214). How, then, came the member
from Pennsylvania to assert that Mr. Van Buren
"had instructed the Secretary of War to withhold
the estimates," in the face of these facts? By turn-
ing to document 3, page 105, from the Treasury de-
partment, in the estimates for 1840, items for the
Cumberland road, west of Zanesville, in Ohio, and
also for Illinois, will be found. With these docu-
ments in my hand, in the discharge of my duty, I
fasten brand No. 8 on his forehead.
There are other egregious mistakes into which
the member has fallen, particularly in relation to
the expenditures of the government, to which I de-
signed to call the attention of the committee; but I
iind my hour is nearly out. Let me say here, how-
ever, that the journal of the Senate, now in my hand,
at page 285, shows that on the 6th April, 1840, on
the question, Shall the bill for the continuation of
the Cumberland road in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
lie engrossed? the vote stood—yeas 20, nays 22.
Among the nays he will find his great champion,
Henry Clay. Yes, sir, the man who is here held up as
the especial friend of the West, and western meas-
ures.
I have not courted this controversy with the
member; but when he announced to the House on
yesteiday that he would fix the brand on me, I was
mot at liberty to decline. I said I would establish
the falsity of many of his allegations, or take the
brand. To-day I have produced the proof; and no
human ingenuity can extricate him from the posi-
tion in which these facts place him. I have made
out and established, as I hold, to the satisfaction o
the world, eight distinct charges, which authorize
me to mark the member, as a warning to all econo-
mizers of truth. Yes, sir, (said Mr. W.,) turning to
Mr. Stewart, take the brand which you sought to
fasten on my brow. Wear it, anu fret till your
proud heart breaks. Go to your master 
Mr. Winthrop. The Chair cannot allow these
personalities and insults to a member.
Mr. Douglass of Illinois. Sir, I heard the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania say, on yesterday, he would
put the brand of falsehood on the gentleman from
Ohio's forehead, '
Several voices. "So he did—so he did. Certain-
ly he did."
Mr. Winthrop. The Chair did not hear the
gentleman from Pennsylvania indulge in such lan-
guage.
Mr. Weller. Sir, it is very remarkable you did
not hear what was said on the other side of the
House. Sir 
Mr. Winthrop. The Chair will not allow itself
to be insulted.
Mr. Weller. You are one of the last men in
this House whom I would willingly insult. - If you
did not hear, (and I am bound to take your asser-
tion,) let it pass. It is the farthest from my thoughts
to give you offence.
Mr. Winthrop. The Chair never heard any
gentleman address the other in the second person,
instead of "Mr. Chairman," till the gentleman from
Ohio did so; and such a course is unparliamentary.
Mr. Weller. Well, sir, I have fixed the brand
on the member from Pennsylvania. Let him wear
it. Let him go to his master, who hissed him on;
and perhaps his blushing honors will commend him
to his favorable notice. Tel) him that the marks,
broad and deep, were fastened on your forehead in
the presence of the representatives of the American
people.
Mr. Chairman, standing here, as I do, in a trium-
phant majority, I have felt no disposition to trample
upon the rights of the minority. There are many
gentlemen on the other side of the House, who dif-
fer with me upon every question which arises, for
whom I cherish the warmest feelings of friendship
and respect. To them I am willing to extend every
courtesy within my power. But when a member
commits an outrage upon the feelings of the majori-
ty; when lie tramples upon the truth, in order to as-
sail his opponents; when he forgets what is due
from one gentleman to another, and says he will fix
a brand of falsehood on me,—he must not expect
any courtesy at my hands. He could not believe
that I would tamely submit to such imputations,
however much I may deprecate these personal dis-
cussions. I would be unworthy of a seat in this
hall, if I sat down quietly under such a charge, or
permitted a member, by drawing on his fancy for
his facts, to place the western democrats in a false
position before their constituents. In the discharge
of my duty, I may be denounced, here and else-
where; but, these denunciations shall pass by me as
the idle wind. I heed them not. At the bar of an
enlightened public opinion, let the question be de-
cided between the member from Pennsylvania and
myself. With the verdict I will rest contented.
SPEECH OF MR. A. JOHNSON,
of tennessee.
In the House of Representatives, January 31, 1844.—
Upon Mr. Dromgoole's motion to recommit the
report of the Select Committee on Rules; which
Mr. Black of Georgia moved to amend, by in-
structing the committee to report the rule com-
monly called the 21st rule, which prohibits the
House from entertaining abolition petitions in any
way whatever.
The SPEAKE R announced the order of the morn-
ing hour to be the report of the Committee on Rules,
on which the gentleman from Tennessee^Mr. A.
Johnson] had the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded to address the House
on the pending question. He said, if he understood
the question before the House, it was the motion to
recommit the report of the Committee on Rules,
with instructions to report the 21st rule, (now the
25th,) which the committee had erased from the
rules for the government of this House; and, in pre-
senting the few crude and desultory remarks which
he had to offer on this subject, he did not wish to
turn Utopian. In debating a question which he con-
sidered one of the first magnitude, he felt no dispo-
sition to become a mere idle talker; and, as time was
precious, under the one-Hour rule, he should at once
march right up to some one or two points on this
subject, which he deemed the most important. Ii
was true, there had been some positions discussed
here that were not legitimately before the House
for its consideration, but which had grown inciden-
tally out of other questions; and if he should be a
little irrelevant in meeting and m attempting to an-
swer some arguments made on those points, he
trusted it would not be considered irrelevancy in
him. ,
It had been gravely contended, before the House
and before the country, that the Congress of the
United States had power to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia; and, on this point, although
his opinion might be unimportant, and his argument
might be as weak as his opinion was valueless, he
begged leave to differ from some able men who had
occupied the floor before him. They were told, he
repeated, that the Congress of the United States had
power to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia. But whence did Congress derive this power?
All the power that the Congress of the United States
can exercise over the District of Columbia, was de-
rived from the States of Virginia and Maryland;
and the question which first presented itself to the
mind was this: had till States of Virginia and Mary-
land, when they exercised jurisdictiqn over the
District of Columbia, power to abolish slavery in
this territory, now called the District of Columbia?
He thought, when they examined this question with
deliberate minds, they could not resist the conclusion
that the legislatures of - Maryland and of Virginia
could exercise no such power; and if the legislatures'^
of Maryland and Virginia could exercise no such
power, how could they delegate the greater power
to a creature which -was brought into existence by
those sovereign States? How, he asked, could they
delegate a greater power to a creature of those States,
than those States themselves possessed? When they
turned to the bill of rights of the States of Virginia
and Maryland, they found that to the citizens of
those States was secured the right of property.
They found that private property could not be taken
and appropriated to the public use without just com-
pensation made therefor, much less to take private
property, and appropriate it to no use at all. But he
should not dwell on this point, for it was conclu-
sive. There was no citizen of either Virginia or
Maryland that would pretend that the legislatures
of those States, anterior to the cession, had power
to abolish slavery within their chartered limits. But
suppose there were no guaranties—admit, for the
sake of argument, that they had such power: there
was other ground to rely upon, of equal magnitude
to his mind. What was it? The constitution cf
the United States secured and guarantied to every
individual in this confederacy the right to private
property, and it said that private property should
not be taken by the general government for the pub-
lic use, without just compensation. This ground,
then, aside fiom the want of power in the State
legislatures to delegate such power to the general
government, was sufficient, and might be securely
relied on, in his humble opinion. But, to make
himself understood on this point, he proposed to
state a case; and he desired to be understood, and
he desired the position which he occupied on this
subject to be understood. For instance, then: there
were two citizens residing in what is called the Dis-
trict of Columbia, previous to the acts of cession of
the States of Maryland and Virginia. One of those
individuals had a negro, which is made, by the con-
stitution of the country, one of the forms of prop-
erty—a negro slave worth $500; this individual
sells that slave to the other citizen for that sum of
$500; the contract is made, and is to be completed
some time thereafter. But, before the completion
of the contract, Virginia and Maryland make the
acts of cession, ceding this District to the general
government. Now, in what position did they
stand? Previous to the act of cession, neither of
the States could pass a law impairing the obligation
of contracts; and, if this bona fide contract was en-
tered into previous to the act of cession, he asked
every member on that floor, if those States could
not pass a law impairing the obligation of contracts,
if the general government, deriving its power from
the States over this District, after it had passed un-
der its jurisdiction, could pass any act impairing the
obligation of such a contract? Was there any one
on that floor that would maintain such a doctrine?
Then the conclusion is as clear as the sun at noon-
day, if neither the ceding States nor the general
government could pass a law, impairing the obliga-
tion of the contract that had been formed in the
case just stated, that Congress could pass no law
to abolish the right to property, that had obviously
arisen from the creation of such bona fide obligation.
He was willing to admit that the legislatures of those
State could legislate, not to impair the obligation of
contracts, but to make contracts more perfect; and
thus far Congress could go after this District passed
under its jurisdiction. Congress could pass a law
to cure defect in legislation, but no law impairing
the obligation of contracts; and oil this position Jie
defied opposition.
