82
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ed to withdraw from the files of the Senate the peti-
tion andpapersof the heirs of Francis Calhoun.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a preamble and
resolutions adopted by the Legislature of Kentucky,
in relation to the purchase and manufacture of
American hemp for the use of the navy of the United
States: ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
_ Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from seventy-
six steamboat captains, navigators on the Ohio river,
praying the construction of a canal around the falls
on the Indiana side of the Ohio. Mr. B. remarked
that these captains set forth in the memorial their
reasons in favor of the project. Pie would therefore
move that the memorial be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The reference was ordered.
On the suggestion of Mr. ALLEN, the Senate,
by unanimous consent, made the order for the print-
ing, without a reference of the motion to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. FULTON^ presented a petition from inhabit-
ants of the counties of Marion, Fulton, and Izard, in
the State of Arkansas, praying the establishment of
a mail-route from Izard court-house, Arkansas, to
Springfield, Missouri: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FULTON presented certificates in support of
the application of Benjamin Crawford, for indem-
nity for losses sustained in consequence of having
his trading establishment broken up by an officer of
the army; which, with the petition and papers on
he files of the Senate on the same subject, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial, addressed to
the two Houses of Congress by the Chamber of
Commerce of the city of Cincinnati, setting forth '
their reasons why the rates of postage should be
reduced, and made to conform to the decimal parts
of the federal coin: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
THE OREGON.
Also presented a memorial, signed by numerous
citizens of the county of Licking, Ohio, strongly
urging the Government of the United States to take
immediate possession of the Territory of Oregon:
referred to the select committee on that subject. "
Also, several memorials on the same subject from
citizens of the State of Ohio, some of them very nu-
merously signed; one of them by nearly an entire
brigade of Ohio militia. The letter enclosing the
memorial is from the gentleman who is the general
in command of the brigade, who states that the me-
morial was read before the respective regiments in
the brigade, and approved by the entire body pres-
ent: referred to the select committee on the subject.
Mr. ALLEN remarked, m reference to these me-
morials on this subject, that he had some means of
knowing the sentiments and feelings of the people
of Ohio on the Oregon question; and there never
was any subject on which there was more unbroken
unanimity of sentiment. He knew of 110 difference
of opinion as to the propriety and expediency of
taking possession of that terrntory.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from a
number of citizens of Erie county, Pennsylvania,
praying for an appropriation for continuing the
works in the harbor of Erie: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tein. laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, cov-
ering a report, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 21st inst., upon the subject of
leases of the United States lead mines.
On motion of Mr. RREESE, laid on the table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported in favor of printing the annual report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office:
which was concurred in by the Senate.
On motion by Mr. WOODBKIGE, it was order-
ed that 1,000 copies extra of the above report be
printed—500 copies for the use of the Senate, and
500 for the use of the department.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution,
which was agreed to, viz:
. Resolved, That the Committee on Tensions be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of providing by law for the ade-
quate compensation of pension agents.
Mr. ATCHISON gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to extend
the time for faking up pre-emption rights, un
der the laws of 1836 and 1840.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Allen on yes-
terday, calling upon the President of the United
States for information as to what instructions have
been given to the American minister at the court of
Great Britain, on the subject of the Oregon, since
the treaty of Washington, came up for considera-
tion.
Mr. ARCHER asked the Senator from Ohio to
permit the resolution to lie on the table for another
day. _ He was not aware that he should have any
objection to it; but it was submitted yesterday with-
out his knowledge, and he would like to examine it
before being passed upon.
Mr. ALLEN had no objection, and the resolu-
tion was again laid upon the table.
On motion, it was agreed that, when the Senate ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some tune spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 29, 1843.
Mr. R. SMITH gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce the following bills:
A bill making further provision for'the payment
of horses and other property lost or destroyed in
the Black Hawk war; and
A bill to provide for the speedy completion of the
Cumberland road in the States of Illinois, Indiana,
and Ohio.
The CHAIR remarked that the first business in
order was the call on the States for petitions.
Mr. BIDLACK asked the indulgence of the
House while he brought to its notice a matter some-
what personal to himself, and one m which he
thought the House was equally interested. He had
just been referred to an account of the proceedings
of the House, some days since, in the New York
Herald, in which he was reported as having pre-
sented a petition on the subject of the reduction of
postage, and some one else was represented as hav-
ing proposed to throw it in the fire. As attempts
had been made, in various parts of the country, to
create an excitement on the subject of the reception
of petitions, and the action of the House in re-
gard to them; and as this matter might be seized on
by designing persons to increase that excitement,—
he desired leave to make an explanation of the
facts of the case, in order to prevent the creation of
improper impressions. The fact was, he offered no
petition, on the day referred to, for the reduction of
postage; and neither he nor any other member, he
ventured to assert, heard any proposition from any
quarter to throw any paper in the fire. He did, it
was true, say that he held in his hand a communi-
cation from a postmaster on the subject of the re-
duction of postage; but, as it was not addressed to
the House, he did not introduce it. As he did not
know how the error occurred, or who was the let-
ter-writer who committed it, he had no other way
of correcting any erroneous impressions that might
have been created than that of making this expla-
nation in the House.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked the indulgence
of the House, while he made an explanation in re-
gard to the report of yesterday's proceedings of the
House in two of the morning papers. In one of the
papers (the Globe) the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] was represented as having charac-
terized what he said as "useless;" while in the
other paper (the Intelligencer) the gentleman was
represented as characterizing what he said as "sense-
less." Now he desired to ask of the gentleman
which of the two reports was correct?
Mr. HALE had not the papers before him, and
could not say whether either of them had reported
him correctly. The substance of his remarks was
to this effect. He said that, after all the professions
the gentleman had made of economy and reform, he
hoped that they were not all to evaporate in use-
less (or senseless) professions for an early adjourn-
ment.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Which word did the
gentleman use—"senseless," or "useless?"
Mr. HALE did not recollect.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, that was all he
wanted to ask of the gentleman. He now begged
leave to ask a question of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gjddings.] In one of the papers (the Intelli-
gencer) the gentleman was represented as saying
that he "could not but admire the tact and dexterity
of the gentleman from Philadelphia yesterday, [Mr.
C. J. Ingersoll,] m his opposition to the resolution
of the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.'
Hale.] Did that gentleman assail the principles of
the resolution? Not at all. All he said was, that
there were other things which needed reform."
Now he wished the gentleman from Oho to say'
whether that report was correct.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he was not conscious, at
the time, of any intention to assail the sincerity of
the gentleman; and, as well as he recollected the
purport of his remarks, he could say that it certain-
ly was not his intention to do so.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he was perfectly
satisfied with the gentleman's explanation.
Mr. WELLER asked leave to introduce a bill,
the title of which was not heard.
The SPEAKER said the motion of the gentleman
was out of order, the first business of the House be-
ing the call for petitions; and the immediate question
before the House was the motion to refer the petition
presented yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings.]
PETITION OF A RUNAWAY NEGRO.
The House then proceeded to the consideration of
the motion to refer to a select commitiee the petition
presented yesterday by Mr. Giddings, from an indi-
vidual confined in Washington jail as a runaway
slave, and who represents himself as a free man.
Mr. SAUNDERS, who was entitled to the floor,
observed that he did not desire to say any thing on
this question that would add to the excitement al-
ready existing. He would now make the answer to
the gentleman from Ohio which he would have
made yesterday had he been permitted. He under-
stood from the petition presented by the gentleman
that the petitioner set forth that he was a free man;
that he had been arrested in this district without be-
ing charged with any crime; that he was advertised
to be sold as a slave; and that he was born free. He
thought, at the time, from this statement of facts,
that Congress was not called upon to legislate up-
on the subject; because the individual, if free, as he
alleged, had ample means of redress in his own
hands under the existing laws. Mr. S. here recited
the acts of assembly of 1719 and 1787, on the subject
of runaway slaves, in virtue of which he supposed
this person was imprisoned. The substance of
them being, that when a negro is arrested on the
suspicion of being a runaway slave, it shall be the
duty of the sheriff, as soon as he is committed, to
inquire for his owner; and if he lives in any county
of the State he must give him one month's notice;
but if he lives in a neighboring province, he must
give him two months' notice. If the owner does
not then come forward and prove his property, the
negro, if he cannot prove his freedom, is sold for
his jail fees. Then came the act of Congress of
1801, in which it was made the duty of the sheriff
to give ninety days' notice in the newspapers; after
which, if the negro cannot prove his freedom, he is
sold, &c. All these acts went on the presumption
that the negro is a slave if he cannot prove his
freedom. Judge Cranch, the presiding judge
in this district, had so far relaxed the law
on this subject as to allow, as sufficient proof, the
affidavit of a white man that he has seen the per-
son go abroad as a free man. On the production of
this affidavit, the negro thus detained is set at lib-
erty. Thus, any person arrested as a fugitive slave
can, under the existing laws, obtain his freedom by
bringing forward this slight proof that he has been
known by a white man to go at large as free. Un-
der these circumstances, it occurred to him that the
existing laws required 110 relaxation, and that the
House ought not to legislate on this subject. He
had strong suspicions, however, that the man was a
slave; and for this reason: if the man was free, and
was born in Virginia, as he alleged, he had nothing
to do but to give that information to his counsel,
who could easily obtain the proof, if the fact
alleged was true. Then suppose a free man
should be sold as a slave: he could, even
after that, apply to the judge for a habeas corpus,
who had never refused to grant it under such cir-
cumstances, and always allowed a reasonable time
for the collection of evidence; and upon the produc-
tion of sufficient proof that he was a free man, he
would be immediately discharged. The objection
had been urged that a free man, notwithstand-
ing his proving his title to freedom, might be held in
confinement until be paid the costs. This was one
of the hardships of the common law, and applied to
whites as well as blacks; for under the common law,
where any man is accused of a crime, he must pay
the costs, even though he may be acquitted. If the
gentleman desired to relax that part of the law, he
