CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ i 1
S3
had no objection to it, and would go with him for
effecting that reform. ■
The proposition of the gentleman from Ohio was, to
refer this petition to a select committee, with the
power to send for persons and papers. For what pur-
pose was it designed that the committee should have
that extraordinary power? We took it for granted that
the facts stated in that petition were true; so that, if the
petitioner was free, as he alleged, he had nothing
to do but to establish the fact, by the affidavit of
any white man, in order to recover his liberty. There
could be no reason for sending this petition to a se-;
lect committee, when they were all pepared to act,
as he was, on the simple facts presented. Why send
it to a committee with such extraordinary powers,
unless it was to give notoriety to the subject, and
get up an excitement. Another proposition was
made to send the petition to the Committe on the
Judiciary; and a third to send it to the Committee for
the District of Columbia. This last was the propo-
sition which he had made himself.
In reference to th^e Committee on the Judiciary,
he would say that there were only two members on
it—himself and the gentleman from Kentucky—who
represented States in which slavery existed. In
conclusion, he would state one fact, which he wished
to mention yesterday, to show conclusively, that ifthe
man was free, as he alleged, he would have no diffi-
culty in obtaining his discharge. Some time ago a
free negro—a native of his district in North Caro-
lina—was arrested in this city, and committed to
jail, as a fugitive slave. He was advertised as such;
and his parents, seeing the advertisement in the pa-
pers, sent to him (Mr. S.) proof of his freedom.
Upon receiving this proof, he (Mr. S.) sent it to the
marshal of the District; and upon his paying the
fees—amounting to only three or four dollars—the
man was discharged. Now, if the gentleman from
Ohio, in his benevolence, would only imitate the
example he then set him, this man, if free, could be
asereled immediately.
Mr. GIDDINGS said it made very little differ-
ence with him what committee it^was referred to. In
moving the reference to a select committee, he had
merely followed a precedent which had been estab-
lished in this House. In former years, when there
was no excitement upon the subject of slavery in
this House or in this country, in cases like the pres-
ent, references were made similar to that which he
had moved. lie had the example of Mr. Ran-
dolph, whose authority upon all subjects he sup-
posed the House would consider a good one, and
he had the example of Mr. Minor. He believed the
precedent was a safe one; it came, at all events, from
men who were entitled to the respect of the House and
of the nation; but if the House thought it better
that it should go to one of the standing committees,
he had no objection to such reference. He had
moved the reference to a select committee, with no
intention of taking from the standing eommittees
their legitimate business.
In regard to the law, he had but one word to say;
for he did not mean to discuss the question. He de-
sired to act; he desired to see the House take prompt
action on the subject, and dispose of it without dis-
cussion; or, at least, without discussion of an angry
character, which was but too apt to grow out of sub-
jects of this nature, -where slavery was concerned.
And here he would remark that the law to which
the gentleman referred, was passed a hundred and
thirty years ago, (he had almost said in the barba-
rous ages,) at a time when penalties imposed by law
were made payable in tobacco or money, at the op-
tion of the persons adjudged to pay them. The re-
mote day at which the law was passed, if there was
no other argument, would be sufficient to satisfy
them of its inapplicability at the present day. Were
the people of this District to be oppressed and borne
down by laws passed a hundred and thirty years
ago? The subject ought to be looked into; it ought
to be scrutinized thoroughly.
But there was another proposition made by the
gentleman from North Carolina, to which he could
not assert. It was, that the people of this District do
not desire the repeal of that law. He believed that,
if the opinions of the people of the District of Co-
lumbia could be taken to-day, every man, woman,
and child, would be found in favor of its repeal; al-
though, when a proposition was made for its repeal
in that House last year, the slaveholders—and he
meant no disrespect by the use of the term slave-
holders; he had no more intention to offend than
gentleman had who used the term abolitionist;—
the slaveholders themselves expressed their deter-
mination to repeal the law; in fact, there was an
almost universal sentiment in favor of its repeal; and,
if he mistook not the feeling that was exhibited in
the House yesterday, the same sentiment was as
prevalent now as it was then.
In regard to the law, as it now exists, if he un-
derstood the matter, it was "this: every person of a
certain complexion in the District was presumed by
law to be a slavp, without any reference to the fact
of his having been born free or otherwise, or
whether his ancestors had been free. Putting this
in connection with the law to which the gentleman
had referred, and it would, at once, appear that every
man who comes into the District, if his complexion
happens to be unfortunately of a darker hue than
that of others, is at once liable to be taken up and
treated as a slave, until he shall prove himself to be
free; and that may be a very difficult matter in many
cases. Were the gc.itleman from North Carolina
himself arrested to-day as a slave, he (Mr. G.)
doubted the ability of the gentleman to prove his
freedom—to go back and prove that he was bom
free. He (Mr. G.) could not himself do it. There
was no man upon that floor who would not find it a
difficult matter. Such was the effect of the law.
And here was another point to which he desired
to call the attention of the House—that, after a man
had proved his freedom, and shown that he was
born free, he must then pay the costs of his arrest,
detention, &c.;and if he cannot pay them, he is sold
into slavery for the amount.
Mr. SAUNDERS said the gentleman was wrong
as to the fact he had stated. The person was sold
under the presumption that he was a slave, but an
opportunity was always afforded him to prove that
he was a free man; and if he prove his freedom, he
was not sold at all. He was liable to the costs, as
any man would be, at common law. Though the
gentleman reprobated so severely the operation of
this law in reference to persons of color, yet he was
informed that even in the State of Ohio, they had a
law forbidding those very persons of color from en-
tering that State.
Mr. GIDDINGS said the gentleman had avoided
the point upon which he desired to be informed;
which was, whether, under the operation of this law,
a man was not still liable to be sold into slavery for
the costs.
Mr. SAUNDERS. I answer, no.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is he then entitled to the bene-
fit of the insolvent law?
Mr. SAUNDERS. Just as a debtor would be.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he was glad to find that it
was so; but he desired still to call the attention of
the House and the country to the fact, that when the
person had demonstrated to a court and jury that
he was born free, and had incurred accumula-
ted costs in doing so, though he prove himself entitled
to his freedom, yet he is liable for payment of those
costs. A man charged with the crime of being born
with a dark complexion, having to send, at great
expense, to a distant State to procure proofs of his
freedom, was to be made to pay the expense of pro-
curing that testimony. He rejoiced that there was
no such principle in existence within the State
which he had the honor in part to represent. In
that State a man wae not liable to arrest and im-
prisonment, merely because he had a dark com-
plexion.
There was another point which he wished the
House to understand: it was the enactment of Con-
fress; it was the work of the House itself; and the
louse was therefore responsible for its conse-
quences. The man who would refuse to aid in re-
pealing the Taw, was himself a supporter of the law.
He merely wished to throw out this suggestion, that
gentlemen in that House might understand that they
have uncontrolled power over this disgraceful law
—being a law which had come from that House
originally, and had been continued in force by an-
other act of that House at a subsequent period, and
was now to be kept in force by the refusal of gen-
tlemen to repeal it He would say to gentlemen
who advocated the lav,', Hands off! The laws
of their States he had no right to interfere with; the
people of those States had uncontrolled power over
them: but he denied that the gentlemen could ask or
expect the freemen of Ohio to bathe their hands in
the guilt of such laws. Though his designs _ might
be impugned as the designs of the abolitionists,
about which they had heard so much, he would
say to those gentlemen, Hands off; let us
alone; maintain your slavery, if you please; but
we deny, before the country, and_ before high
Heaven, that you have the power to involve us in
the guilt of supporting such atrocious, such dis-
fraceful laws. And he declared, in his place.in that
[ouse, that he would ever stand by the principles
he professed, which had been so often pj-onounced
to be "hellish," because their desire, was to separate
themselves from what they regarded as the. moral
turpitude of the law. And now, as to the question
of reference. The gentleman from North yarolina
had said it was unnecessary to refer a subject of this
kind to a committee with such high powers as those
of sending for persons and papers. He referred the
gentleman to the two iastances he had already men-
tioned—the one a motion made by Mr. Randolph,
then a member, and the other a proposition of, Mr.
Minor, also a member of the House. He had added
to his motion that the committee have power to
send for persons and papers, because he -be-
lieved it was necessary to the investigation.
He believed, moreover, that the House was
prepared to repeal the law, without going into
this particular case. Indeed, he would himself
be averse to legislation upon individual cases.
He felt perfectly indifferent as to what committee
the petition should be referred to, and he would add
but one other remark. The gentleman had advised
him to go and pay his money for the costs of the
prosecution. He thanked him for the advice. If
the gentleman had been generous enough to advance
his money in the cause of humanity and of liberty,
he honored him for it; but he must be permitted to
say that, when he came to apply the rule to the rep-
resentatives of the freemen of the North—the lovers
of liberty—he must learn that they did not possess
that property in bone, sinew, arid muscle of their
fellow man, which would enable them to respond to
such calls upon their liberality.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he was, upon reflection,
the more confirmed in the opinions he entertained re-
garding the disposition which should be made .of
this subject; and he was the more confirmed in the
same opinion by what had been so well expressed
by the gentleman from Alabama yesterday, and by
the gentleman from North Carolina to-day, that it
was entirely a question for judicial investigation,
with which the House had nothing to do. With
the hope of correcting the error which might prevail
among some gentlemen—and, he believed, the gen-
tleman from Ohio himself—in relation to the prac-
tice upon this subject, he would state that he had,
this morning, communicated with a distinguished
lawyer of this city in relation to this subject; and
the result of that communication had produced" the
conviction upon his mind, that where a person was
judged to be a runaway slave, if he possessed any
evidence of his freedom, he had not the slightest dif-
ficulty in protecting himself. It was the everyday
practice, when a person was judged to be a runaway
slave, to bring him, by writ of habeas corpus, before
a humane judge—a judge who had never been sus-
pected of a disposition to oppress; and upon produc-
tion of his proofs, if they were found to be satisfac-
tory, he was at once set at liberty. The law, as en-
forced within this District, had received a construc-
tion, if not more politic, it must at least be ad-
mitted much more favorable to persons of color than
that which had been given to it in the .State of
Maryland, whence it was derived. There, color was
frima facie evidence of slavery, as it must' be
everywhere where slavery exists; .and-the onw
prabandi, or burden of proof, was then fixed upon
the person of color to show his freedom. On the
contrary, in the District, according to the construc-
tion which hed been given to the law, it was the
duty of the magistrate before whom the suspected
slave should be brought, first to inquire into and
affirmatively adjudge the question of slavwy before
he was permitted to put the person upon his de-
fence. And the judge, before whom the person was
afterwards brought by habeas corpus, always exer-
cised a discretion; and, upon the slightest evidence
of freedom, he was entitled to his discharge. In
relation to that part of the law which authorized
persons to be sold in default of the payment of fees,
he would remark that it was supposed that the
true construction of the law could only apply to
cases where the question of slavery had been first
affirmatively adjudged; and when a notice had
been given to the master of the slave, and that no-
tice was unattended to, he was then advertised for
He would also remark, that the legal gentleman
whom he had consulted, and fov the correctness of
whose statement he would vouch, (being one who had
been engaged in the practice of the law in this District
for the last eight ox ten years,) had informed him
that a case had never occurred where it had been cay-
