84
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ried further than the advertisement. He hoped the
petition would not be referred; it was interferring
with the judicial tribunals of the District. It in-
volved, in his opinion, not only a legal, but a con-
stitutional question, how far the House had a right
to interfere in reversing judicial decisions.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS was understood to say,
(though very imperfectly heard at the commence-
ment, owing to the distance at which he stood, and
the confusion which prevailed at the moment,) that
he was in favor of the reference to a select committee;
but he would strike out the power to send for per-
sons and papers; and he hoped the gentleman
would modify his motion to that effect. The mat-
ter was certainly deserving of investigation, if only
out of respect to the feelings of the North. He was
himself a Northern man, representing in part the
State of New York; and he took this occasion to
express his satisfaction at the magnanimity which
had characterized this Congress hitherto upon this
embarrassing question. He believed if the matter
were rightly presented and rightly understood, it
would be easy to set at rest every difficulty. Noth-
ing more was necessary, in his opinion, to allay the
excitement which prevailed in the country upon this
subject, than simply a right understanding of the
question. As to the assumption that all Northern
men were abolitionists, it was an error; he would
undertake to say for the entire body of the free
States of the North, that abolitionists were not
laiown among them. There were more abolition-
ists within the slave States themselves than there
were in the free States. He knew this to be so;
and he would risk his existence on the fact.
Mr. SAUNDERS said it was not so; and he was
induced to believe, from what the gentleman had
said, that he was himself an abolitionist.
Mr. SAUNDERS was called to order.
Mr. K. D. DAVIS said the position which he
took was, that the North and the free States never
could be abolitionists, and never could be the advo-
cates of immediate abolition. It was an impossi-
bility that it could be so. Whatever else the North-
ern States might be, they never could be that; and he
would state a simple fact for the consideration of
the House and of the country, which, unless he
was deficient in judgment and in common sense,
would satisfy every impartial mind that the people
of the free States could not be abolitionists. Pre-
sent that question in a common sense light; let it
not be looked to as a political matter—not as the
humbug of the hour—hut let reason come to the
consideration of the question, and what was it?
The abolition of slavery in the Southern States
would be followed by what consequences? A del-
uge of the black population on the North. Nothing
could prevent it but a dissolution of the Union; and
he would there declare, that if he was satisfied that
the people of the North were in favor of abolition,
he should bs for the dissolution of the Union. The
dissolution of slavery in the States would be a disso-
lution of the Union. They of the North suffered
enough from slavery now, and they never would
penuit the South to make an immediate abolition of
slavery. When the South did it, it must be done
slowly, deliberately, and in reference to the interests
of the Union; the North would hold them to that.
He (Mr. D.) had not a doubt, if the proposition
were before the American people at this hour to abol-
ish slavery, that nine hundredand ninety-nine out of
every thousand persons of the free States would
rise up, and say, Give us a dissolution of the Union,
rather than the abolition of slavery; convinced that
if slavery were immediately abolished, the result
would be, that the slaves would be turned loose, and
that the population would flow on the North, and
that it could not be prevented but by a dissolution
of the Union; and that it would carry desolation on
the North, and destruction among the laboring pop-
ulation of the North, until the evil had exhausted
and spent itself. This would prevent the people of
the North becoming abolitionists; and he reiterated
the opinion, that if the South were disposed to abol-
ish slavery immediately, he should prefer a disso-
lution of the Union, much as he loved and valued
the Union, rather than his part of the country should
be visited by the calamity which must inevitably
follow an immediate abolition of slaveiy. One of
the many mischiefs which now afflicted the North
was brought upon them by runaway negroes from
the South; and it was felt through that entire sec-
tion of the country, from one end to the other; and
if he were able to collect public sentiment on this,
subject in the North, he had no hesitation in saying
that almost the entire sentiment of the North was
in concurrence with that which he had here ex-
pressed. He did not intend, however, to trouble the
House long at this time; all he wished to say was, let
the gentlemen of the South divest themselves of the
belief that the people of the North could be aboli-
tionists, as the term was understood here. He
[Mr. Davis] disclaimed such sentiments; he
disclaimed them for himself; he disclaimed them for
his constituents; he disclaimed them for his State; he
disclaimed them for the entire people of this Union.
The North did not wish to interfere with this ques-
tion of slavery; they had no object to prompt fhem to
any interference; they had no interest to induce them
to do so, and they were not a people to be supposed
to be indifferent or insensible to personal interest.
Their interest, as well as their feelings, would lead
them to utter abstinence from an interference with
the slavery of the South. From the difference ob-
servable between the two sections of the country,
they saw enough to satisfy them that they had
nothing to regret that slavery did not exist amongst
them, and they had only to regret that it existed
any where. He repeated, that they had no wish to
interfere with the institutions of the South, and they
should be the last to do anything that would mili-
tate against them; but while doing this, and feeling
thus, and standing up for the Constitution of the
country, the people of the North claimed an exemp-
tion, not only from all interference, but from all obli-
fation to interfere with slavery. The North was
esirous that the South should manage their own
business in their own way, and at their own time.
But to return to the subject immediately before the
House. He hoped that this matter would be refer-
red, but he had no desire to be a member of the com-
mittee to which it should be referred. He hoped,
too, that the committee to whom it shall be referred
would report a bill to repeal the law under which the
petitioner was imprisoned. The simple inquiry for
such committee would be, whether a man of color
can be taken and sold on the presumption that he is
a slave. He had nothing more to say, than that
the South must yield that to the North. This Dis-
trict was common ground; and the Northern members
could never stand before their continents unless the
South yielded that to the North. The North would
not consent that, in this District, a man who had
proved his freedom must pay the costs or be sold
into slavery; and if such were the existing law, it
must be repealed.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL made some explanation,
which was not distinctly heard.
Mr. DAVIS replied, that he was only supposing
it to be the law; but if it were not, the committee
would have nothing to do. But if there was a law
by which, on the presumption of slaveiy, an indi-
vidual could, on account of color, be committed
and sold into slavery on a failure to pay the costs
of his imprisonment, m the present state of public
sentiment that law cou d not long be maintained;
and whether it were now, or in the course of the
next year, or within ten years, he would not under-
take to say; but repealed it must be. There was a
sentiment in the countiy that was against such a
law; and its repeal must be conceded to that public
sentiment by one section of the Union to the other.
Our institutions rest on the basis of mutual conces-
sion and compromise; and though he was not now
intending to trouble the House at this time with many
remarks, he would take occasion to say that he was
as willing to make concessions to other portions of
the Union as any gentleman on that floor; but lie
expected something in return for that which he gave.
He came from a State which had given more to the
Union than all the other States together; and he
was willing to act in the same spirit of magna-
nimitywhich had marked the coursc of the State
from which he came, from the earliest period of her
history. He said then, m view of this whole mat-
ter—that of the repeal of this law—it would become
Southern gentlemen to yield; and he should vote for
the reference to a select committee. On the ground
he had stated, he should vote for it, though his own
individual opinion was that slavery could n«t exist
in this District. This opinion was, (and he had
given the subject some consideration,) that the mo-
ment this District became the property of the
General Government, slavery was at an end. The
practice of the countiy had been otherwise, showing
that slavery had been deemed to be legally in exist-
ence here. Such, however, was not his opinion; for
there were limitations to the power of this Govern-
ment; and he believed that, as it could not make a
king, neither could it make a slave. Slavery, in a
district under the immediate government of the
United States, was inconsistent with the principles
on which the Government of the country was based;
and he therefore held it as his opinion that slavery
could not exist in any of the Territories under this
Government; and that, no matter whence acquired,
or how derived, the instant it became a territory of
the United States, that instant slavery ceased.
Mr. PAYNE inquired if it was in order to discuss
the question of slavery in the Territories, on a pro-
position to refer the memorial before the House.
Mr. DAVIS said he had done. He was simply
expressing his own opinion on thst subject, without
pretending that they were the opinions of the
House; for such was not the general sentiment.
Mr. PAYNE remarked that he merely wished
to know whether it was in order; for if one gentle-
man were permitted to go into that discussion,
otliers would expect to be allowed to do so too.
Mr. LEWIS observed that it was a fling at the
Texas question in disguise.
Mr. DAVIS said he would confine himself to
the subject before the House. He said, a report
from the committee, which had been suggested,
showing something tangible, authorizing the sale of
a man on the presumption of his being a slave,
and some resons why that practice should be re-
tained, might be of service to the House. He
hoped they should have a report on which the
House could base its action; which he trust-
ed would be that of wisdom and sound policy,
and result in the peace and harmony of the whole
country.
Mr. HARALSON said that Southern gentlemen
had heard the reiterated denunciations of Abolition-
ists, until silcnce was no longer a virtue. Our si-
lence is now boastingly construed into concessions
upon our part, and hailed as cheering evidence of
the magnanimous forbearance of the South. He
said that gentlemen had deceived themselves, and
he desired that they should now understand his posi-
tion upon this subject, and what he believed to be
the position of the whole South. None are more
attached to this Union; none more disposed to
cultivate friendly relations towards every section of
thi; Repoblic; yet none who can or will, with more
firmness, maintain their rights. We are the advo-
cates (said Mr. Haralson) of the Government as it
has been formed—as it was transmitted to us by
our fathers; and we are prepared to peril, as they
did, our "lives, fortunes, and sacred honors," in its
defence; and we will here, or elsewhere, defy every
power on earth in a contest for the rights which
have been guarantied to us by the Constitution.
Scarce a subject has been presented for the consid-
eration of this House, that has not been made the
pretext for some anti-slavery speech. If a proposi-
tion to adopt or amend the rules, or a question
touching the interests of the army is agitated, it is
made a subjcct intimately connected with slavery.
If the navy, with any of its diversified relations, be
presented, again the fruitful theme of abolition is in-
terwoven into the debate; and we are told it is only
necessary for the protection of slavery. Petitions
and resolutions from individuals, and from States,
touching directly or indirectly upon the subject,
have consumed the largest share of that attention
which was due to legislation of national interest.
And now, sir, a petition is presented to the House,
purporting to be from a free negro, who com-
plains of illegal confinement; and at once our
ears are saluted with the whining notes of abo-
lition sympathy. Slaveholders are abused, and
this hall, constituted for the purpose of legisla-
tion, must be converted into a judicial tribunal;
and we act upon the case, pass judgment, ordering
the petitioner to be liberated, without proof, with-
out regard to any claim upon him, and regardless
of law. It afforded the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giodings] an opportunity of making another "liberty
speech." Surely the whole course of proceeding is
trifling with the good sense of the House; is con-
suming improperly that time which should be spent
m maturing questions that belong to legislation. If
the negro, whose petition has been presented, be
free, surely the courts in the District will do him
justice. Has the habeas corpus act been suspended?
Is there no judge to try' Does there exist no law
by which any man, white or black, can be freed
from illegal confinement? Sir, there is no difficulty.
The habeas corpus act has not been suspended.
There are competent and liberal judges (among them
Judge Crauch) who are ready to act. There exists
a law under which many have been liberated. The
court has been in session three-fourths of the time
since the meeting of Congress. And in the absence
