98
appendix to the congressional globe.
"28th Cong 1st Sess.
Debate on the Oregon Territory.
Jan. 1844.
Senate.
will not so far depart frem the great principles of
right laid down by a just God for the government
of the Universe as to incur the withering dis-
pleasure of Heaven. It is true, in ancient times
there were many manifestations of this kind.
The holy Scriptures furnish us with many stri-
king instances of Divine interposition. The
case of Saul, when journeying from Jerusalem to
Damascus: he was struck blmd, as was supposed, for
his persecution of the Christians; and, upon recov-
ing, he inquired of his Lord what he would have.
• him to do. The case of Herod, when he became so
presumptuous: "And upon^a set day, Herod, array-
ed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made
an oration to them." "And the people gave a shout,
saying it is the voice of a God, not of a man." "And
immediately the angel the Lord smote him, because
he gave not God the glory; and he was eaten of
worms, and gjjve up the ghost." I might go on
multiplying cases from the sacred volume, in aid of
those already referred to. We may consult our own
observation and senses; sometimes we see his power
displayed in the agitation of the winds, in the heav-
ing and contending billows of the mighty deep;
sometimes we have the mutterings of his discontent
in the threatening peal of thunder; sometimes he ex-
hibits the brilliancy and awful grandeur of his coun-
tenance in the forked lightning's glare; sometimes he
lets loose the baleful comet, passing from one ex-
treme of the universe to the other, emitting, from its
firery tail, pestilence and death. This idea is more
forcibly carried out in the lines of the poet, that
there are—
"Signs sent by God to mark the will of heaven;
Signs which bid nations weep and be forgiven."
I might refer to instances in modern times; I might
refer to the occurrences of 1840, when a most extra-
ordinary excitement pervaded the community; when
reason was dethroned, and confusion and profanity
reigned paramount; when hard cider and coon skins
were substituted as the very emblems to be used
with all the sacred rites of the holy communion;
when men were diverted from the worship of the
true and living God, to honor him whom they had
succeeded in elevating to the highest pinnacle of hu-
man ambition, and whom the Almighty, in the dis-
play of his power, struck as a star from its sphere,
down to the level of the tomb. I give this as an in-
stance of Divine interposition. May we not trace it
somewhat further? Who knows what might have
beeai the result of his administration of the govern-
ment? Who knows but God expressly interposed to
set an obstacle in the way of the accomplishment of
those mighty calamities which would, peradventure,
have been produced under his administration of the
government—the abolition of slavery, and the disso-
lution of the Union? No, sir; I am not superstitious,
but 
The expiration of the morning hour was an-
nounced by the Speaker.
DEBATE ON THE OREGON TERRITORY.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 8, 1844.
The following resolution, (submitted by Mr Al-
i.en, some time ago,) being under consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to lay
before the Senate (if in his judgment that may be
done without prejudice to the public interests) a
ropy of any ins'tnictions which may have been
given by the Executive to the American Minister in
England, on the subject of the title to, and occupa-
tion of, Oregon, since the 4tli day of March,
1841; also, a copy of any correspondence which
may have passed between this Government and that
of Great Britain in relation to that subject since that
time;
Mr. ALLEN said: Mr. President, I take this the
first opportunity to correct ail eiror I committed,
some days since, in my remarks upon this resolu-
tion.
In speaking of the debate in the British Parliament
upon the late treaty, I ascribed to the present first
minister of England—Sir Robert Peel—the decla-
ration that, had the Oregon bill which passed the
Senate at our last session, become a law, it would
have been a declaration of war. Upon after reflec-
tion, it oecured to me, that having previously seen
only fragments of the debate, carelessly scattered
through the public papers, I might have been mis-
taken as to the author of that declaration. I there-
fore immediately had recourse to the most authentic
source—Hansard's Parliamentary Debates, which I
found in our library. I now hold the volume in
my hand. The whole debate is here given at large,
and in its corrected form; and I find that the decla-
ration to which I alluded, was made, not indeed, by
Sir Robert Peel, but by Lord Palmerston. I will
read it in his own language, as found in his speech,
delivered in the House of Commons, on the 21st of
March, 1843. He said:
"Then there is another boundary question, still
unsettled, relative to what is called the Oregon Ter-
ritory, on the banks of the Columbia river, onjhe
west coast of North America: what has happened
lately about that question? Why, the Senate have
actually passed a bill for immediately taking forci-
ble possession of the whole of that territory; and
the senator who brought in that bill expressed his
conviction that the American claim to this territory
would immediately be acquiesced in by Great Brit-
ain, if it was only urged in what he was pleased to
call a proper manner. It is impossible, I conceive,
that this bill should pass the other branches of the
legislature; but, if it were to pass, and to be
acted upon, it would be a declaration of war."
Such, then, was the declaration made in full Par-
liamant, if not by the minister, yet by one who stood
but lately at the head of the foreign department;
by one who, from his political and family associa-
tions—from his abilities, his experience, and conse-
quent influence in public affairs—speaks with a
moral authority less only, perhaps, than that of the
minister himself. And what does this declaration
import? For what was it made? Is it without
meaning? Was it made without object? Would
such a declaration, in reference to a great measure
pending before the legislature of another country,
have been made by such a man—by one so long ac-
customed to gauging the exact effect of words in
such affairs,—would it have been made without
meaning or object' No, sir; it imports that, had the
Oregon bill become a law, England would have re-
sisted its execution by arms. It was made to test
the efficacy of the' terrors of war in arresting the
future action of Congress on the subject, and of
reconciling this nation to the surrender of its terri-
tory.
But, sir, as I may be told that the urusfficial lan-
guage of Lord Palmerston expresses not the temper
of the British government, or its purposes, and is,
therefore, to be disregarded, I will read an extract
from the official speech of the first minister, deliv-
ered to the British Commons on the same day. Sir
Robert Peel said:
"The question of the Oregon Territory, no doubt,
is not adjusted; but on that it is not necessary that I
should address the House at any length. With
respect to the course which the American govern-
ment has taken, the noble lord makes no allowance
for the position of a government so open to popular
influence as that of America. We, however, deal with
the executive government, and not with the Senate. We
have proposed to that government to consider the means
of effecting a conciliatory adjustment respecting the
Oregon Territory, and we have met with no repulse,
but have received assurances, in reply to our proposition,
that the executive government of the United States
is anxious to come to an adjustment of that question;
and vc have every reason to hope that, unless we re-
vive the former animosity, and embitter the feel-
ings between the two countries, an attempt to settle
that question by negotiation will be satisfactory.
The noble lord says that the Senate has passed a
bill which I believe it has not passed. 1 think the
votes were equally divided; but whatever the Senate-
may do, it is impossible for the executive gov-
ernment to approve of such a bill, after having
expressed a desire to negotiate. The noble lord says the
adoption of that Mil would be a case of war. I will not
discuss hypothetical cases of war, when, as I have said,
the executive government has signified to its its desire to
maintain peace, and to effect a satisfactory adjustment of
the question of the Oregon Territory. I trust in the
assurances of the executive government; and I will
not believe that it will give its consent to a
legislative measure at variance with those assu-
rances."
Thus spoke the minister; and his, sir, is the lan-
guage of sovereignty; because, spoken in the name
and by the authority of the crown, it becomes as sig-
nificant as if uttered in the speech from the throne
itself. It is the language of a man whose will com-
mits his government to the policy of peace or of war,
and puts in requisition, if need be, the military re-
| sources of the empire. The President is here told
that he has already so far pledged this government
to that of England, on the Oregon question, as to
render it impossible for him to sanction such a bill
as that which passed the Senate. Congress is here
told that its action will be unavailing, as the Presi-
dent stands pledged to Great Britain to interpose
the veto power. Now, sir, this declaration of the
English minister is either true, or the contrary; and,
ift either case, and for equal reasons, the President
should inform Congress of the actual state of the
facts; because, whether true or the contrary, it
equally relates to the action of Congress. If it be
true, Congress should know it, that we may con-
sider how far, if at all, we will allow an anticipated
veto to trammel our action. If it be otherwise,
Congress should know it, that our action may be
freed from '.the possible embarrasments of such an
anticipation. In either view, therefore, this resolu-
tion should pass; and, especially so, as it refers the
propriety of giving publicity to a state of the facts
expressly to the judgment of the President him-
self. .
I am aware, sir, that these are matters which, in
their very nature, are the subjects of negotiation
alone. I know, too, that the public welfare may
sometimes require such negotiation to be veiled from
the world's eye until after consummated. But the
Oregon question has already become the subject as
well of legislative action as of negotiation. It is a
subject of a character too momentous to be confided
to the unaided discussion of a single man, acting
invisibly, not only to the nation, but likewise to
the Senate—a co-ordinate agency of the treaty-ma-
king power. It is a matter of boundary—of terri-
tory—and therefore affects our internal organization.
And when, sir, such a matter is, at the same instant,
the subject of both the legislative and the treaty-
making power, does it become the Senate, which,
by the constitution, is entrusted with a part of the
former, and divides, co-equally with the President,
the latter of these powers—does it become such a
body to remain in wilful ignorance of the actual state
of the facts, until, perhaps, it may be too late for us,
in either our executive or legislative character, to
avert the evil which, by possibility, may result to
the country from the unadvised action of the Presi-
dent alone?
Aitd here, sir, I shall take the occasion to say,
and to call the attention of the country to the fact,
that the hitherto tolerated practice of the executive,
in concluding the most important treaties, before
consulting the Senate as to a single provision, or
even informing this body that negotiations are pend-
ing, is a practical and dangerous departure from the
letter ana spirit of the constitution. By the consti-
tution the President has the "power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, pro-
vided two-thirds of the Senators present concur."
Thus is the Senate made co-equal and co-ordinate
with the President, in the exercise of this power. But,
by the existing practice, he dispenses with the advice
of the Senate, exercises the whole power himself,
and then demands the consent of the Senate to what
he has done. By this the Senate is left with the
veto power only upon his act; and even this nega-
tive check is rendered nugatory by the fact that, al-
though the signature of a treaty by the President
snay have placed the interests of the country in a
condition far worse than they were before, yet the
rejection of the treaty by_ the Senate might place,
those interests in a condition still worse than that
in which the President had placed them, for the
vei-y reason that he had placed them in that condi-
tion.
How, sir, was it in the case of the late treaty with
England? But a year or two previously to its rat-
ification, this body had, by an unanimous vote, so-
lemnly declared our right to be clear and perfect to
every inch of the territory within the line of our claim.
To this we stood committed before the world. Yet
three millions and a half acres of that territory have
been severed from the republic, and now forms a
part of the British empire. Other sacrifices have,
without equivalent, been made, and obligations con-
tracted, deeply prejudicial to our interests. And
why was this? By what means were these things
effected—these humiliations incurred? In the first
place, the ear of the nation was filled with lugubri-
ous bewailings about the anticipated horrors of war.
The harmony of the two countries was in danger,
we were told, of being disturbed by the clash of
arms, and that nothing but negotiation could save
us from the baleful consequences of mortal strife.
Such were the forebodings to prepare the way for
what was to follow. Then came thfi announcement
