Jan. 1844..
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Debate on the Oregon Territory.
Senate.
that England had, for the sake of peace and humani-
ty, determined to send us a minister, especially and
extraordinary. At last, Lord Ashburton arrived.
He came, it was said, with healing on his wings.
His advent was hailed as the certain deliverance of
the world from the troubles that beset it. He and
our wise man from the East were, by the beneficent
union of two such intellects, to assuage irritation, to
bring affection out of enmity, to smooth down the
rugged future, and to lead the two nations, side by
side, over a road of peace, to mutual happiness and
glory forever hereafter.
Well, sir, the great work was commenced by the
announcement that Lord Ashburton had "been
charged by the Queen's government with full powers
to negotiate and settle all matters in discussim be-
tween the United States and EnglandUpon this all-
comprehending basis, the negotiation proceeded.
The British minister first obtained all he desired; we
nothing. Yes, sir: all on the one side—nothing on the
other. For what single demand did he make which
was not conceded' - What single point did we urge
without failure? He obtained a part of our territory
by the dismemberment of one of our States. He ob-
tained a new boundary, which before was ours, giv-
ing to England a strong and .extended military fron-
tier, against ourselves. He obtained a stipulation
by which we are to detach a large part of our navy
to distant seas, at vast expense. He obtained the
humiliating provision by which we pledge ourselves
to England that we will pay money to two of our own
States; thus placing the rights and interests of those
States under the guardian guaranty of a, foreign gov-
ernment against our own. These things he obtained—
our negotiator having obtained nothing. And when,
sir, the British minister had thus settled apart of the
matters in discussion"—when he had negotiated
othermatlers which had 'not been uin discussion"—such
as that of the African squadron,—then, sir, he, all of
a sudden, narrows down the basis upon which the
negotiation had commenced, and for the first time,
discloses his want of powers "to settle" the other "mat-
ters" which had been "in discussion" for the fourth
of a century.
In this way it was that the Oregon boundary was
left unsettled—left open for future quarrel—that line
stretching from the Rocky mountains to the Pacific
ocean—a part of the very same boundary, in settling
the northeastern half of which we had made so
many and such humiliating sacrifices in the treaty.
But sir, notwithstanding this manifest insincerity of
England, in professing a desire to adjust all differ-
ences—to remove all causes of discord—notwith-
standing the sacrifices we had made to remove these
causes, and our failure to do so—notwithstanding
the future was thus left as cloudy with troubles as
the past—notwithstanding every senator felt and
knew such to be the facts,—yet was this treaty rat-
ified, by a vote of more than two-thirds of the Sen-
ate. And why so? Was it because any single sen-
ator opproved of the treaty? Was it because any
one man of all this body would, as President, have
signed it5 No, sir, not one, I am sure, would have
voted to ratify it, if, by its rejection, our interests
could have been placed back, in a condition as good
as when the negotiation commenced. But that could
not be. Senators felt it. They knew the conces-
sions already made by our negotiator rendered that
impossible. They thought that, after those conces-
sions, the rejection would place our interests m a
condition even worse than the ratification, bad as
that condition is acknowledged now to be.
Is it not manifest, then, that in this instance—in
this all-important matter of ceding away territory-.—
of dismembering a State—-of (surrendering a strong
military frontier to a dangerous neighbor, the Senate
■was reduced to a mere veto power upon the act of
the President' And is it not equally obvious, that
even that power was tendered abortive by the very
act of the President himself? Yes. And all this
because, though the negotiation was conducted in
this city, within one mile of the Senate, then in
session, yet the Senate, a co-equal agent with the
President in the treaty-making power, allowed itself
to remain in utter ignorance of all that was goir;g on,
until it was too late to do anything but to ratify a
ruinous treaty, or to reject it, as wag said, at the
fyazarcj of a war.
I novy, sir, put the question, and solicit an an-
swer, Why was not the western as well as the
eastern half of the line settled in the treaty? Did
not Lord Ashburton disclose his powers ample to
settle all "matters in discussion?" Did he not profess
an intention to remove all causes of future animosi-
ty? Was not the western end of the line a subject
"in discussion?" Was not that as likely as any
other matter to become the source of bitterness and
strife? Wherefore, then, was it left unsettled?
Wherefore, when most plainly it might have been,
to us, more advantageously and safely adjusted in
connexion with, than apart from, other questions?
But no; the British negotiator understood his busi-
ness. His government had an object; it was his
purpose to reach it. He was not more anxious to
settle some of the matters "in discussion," than to
keep others open. He wished to settle that end of
the line where we had the force at hand to protect
our rights, and to leave unsettled the other, where
we had no force at all. Our policy was just the re-
verse; but his prevailed. It has ever been England's
policy to keep open, always, some cause of quarrel
with other nations, and especially with those having
unoccupied territory. Such is her policy, because,
as a great commercial nation, colonies are deemed
essential to the enlargement of her trade and the
protection of her navigation; and because matters of
quarrel afford excuses to her for seizing upon the
territory of others and planting those colonies.
And now, sir, when the American people have
seen the Oregon question excluded from that nego-
tiation, which, we were told, was to have composed
all our troubles—when they have seen their rights
of territory, upon the shores of the western ocean,
utterly neglected by the executive, and that at the
very time, of all others—at the only time—when
those rights might have been most certainly and
safely secured by treaty—when they behold this ter-
ritory in manifest danger of gliding silently into the
possession of Great Britain—when, in consequence
of this neglect, this danger, they have aroused
themselves—when they have enjoined it loudly up-
on Congress to take immediate measures for the
preservation of the territory and the protec-
tion of their fellow-countrymen, who have
gone upon it,—when such is the state of the facts,
what are they told, and by whom? They are told
by the prime minister of England, that the Presi-
dent has, since the late treaty, already so committed
himself to the British government as to have ren-
dered it impossible for him to sanction the action of
Congress upon this subject. Upon the part of the
President himself, we are likewise told by a sena-
tor upon this floor, [Mr. Archer,] that England is
again smitten with the love of peace; that once more,
prompted by a desire to maintain the quiet of the
world, she is about to send again to our shores an
olive-branch-bearing minister to negotiate. Yes; he
comes, chain in hand, no doubt, to measure off an-
other piece of our territory. And now, sir, to rec-
oncile us to its loss, we again hear the same incan-
tations which were before employed to conjure up
the bloody spectre of war, and drive us for safety
into ignominious refuge of the late treaty. Congress
must stop. The Senate must sit here as before, ir.
voluntary ignorance of all that is doing; whilst ne-
gotiation, within one mile of these walls, peels off,
perhaps, the westward frontier of the republic in
the same hope of satisfying the insatiable ambition
of England. Never was a hope more idle; for
never will she be satisfied whilst an unoccupied spot
remain upon its surface, to tempt her aspirations to
the empire of the world. What claim has she to
the territory in question? What matter is there to
negotiate about, if it be not to buy peace with terri-
tory, under the threat of war? But she has set up a
claim: that is the answer- And are we to nego-
tiate for no other reason than because she claims,
though conscious—though positively knowing, that
she does so without even the semblance of right?
No, sir. So long as we agree to negotiate, she will
continue to claim, not only this, but other territory
and other advantages. That she will do, for the
very reason that you agree to negotiate. For, in
every instance, her argument will be equally good.
In every instance, as in that of the Maine boundary,
and the present, she can and will say to you, "heie
is territory in dispute between us, you see that our
pretentions clash; both cannot have all; but each can
lose half; let us, then, divide, for the sake of peace,
rather than that two such nations should go to war
for this inconsiderable object." This she can say,
and with equal propriety, as often as she chooses to
claim parts of our soil. And that she will continue to
claim, so long as we continue to give color to her
claims, by opening negotiations, what man can
doubt? "This word "negotiate" has already
broken the line fixed as our boundary by the
triumphant issue of our revolutionary war. Al-
ready has it deprived us of territory which
we unanimously, solemnly, and truly declare,
and positively know, to be indisputably ours—>
very inch of it. And here, sir, I deny the
principle that we are bound by the law of nations,
by morality, or allowed by considerations of inter-
est or of policy, to open negotiations for the sole
reason that some sort of claim has been advanced by
another to that which is ours. Should a citizen,
however respectable, enter that door, and order you
to vacate this chamber, alleging that he, out of his
own funds, had erected this building, and that there-
fore he, not the nation, was its rightful owner,—
would you, in such a case, send your sergeant-at-
arms to meet him, with authority, upon your part,
to compare titles, and make up an agreed case for
the adjudication of the court' No; you would
treat his claim as presumptuous, as ridiculous: you
would direct him to be removed, as a contemptuous
intruder. And why? Because every claim, in or-
der to be the proper subject of discussion, of suit,
or of negotiation, should come with some probabili-
ties in its support—some show of reason—some
color of right—something upon which the mind
may reasonably hesitate—something which'the judg-
ment can weigh, and balance, and compare, before
it concludes. Yet no one of these circumstances—
no probability, no color of right, nothing upon
which thought can be employed—is to be found in
the claim put forth by England to this territory.
That claim stands unsupported by anything, except
by the unfortunate fact that the executive has agreed
to consider it, by opening negotiations for that pur-
pose.
But, Mr. President, I have allowed myself to be
hurried on further into the general subject than I
intended to go upon this mere preliminary matter
now pending before the Senate. An occasion more
appropriate for full discussion will be offered by the
bill upon the table. For the present, therefore, I
shall submit, in conclusion, but an additional word;
and that, upon the object of the resolution before us.
In the debate of the other day, it was asked, Why
offer the resolution in legislative session? why call
upon the President to make public these docu-
ments, when to do so may prejudice the interests
of the country? The answer is easy and obvious.
To the first question, I reply, because the very
thing to which the resolution relates, is, at this mo-
ment, the subject-matter of legislation in both
Houses of Congress. It becomes, therefore, im-
portant that Congress should know the exact con-
dition in which the President has placed the matter
by his late correspondence with the British govern-
ment; for otherwise, is it not manifest that Con-
gress may pursue one line of policy whilst the Pres-
ident is pursuing another; and thus the two present
to the world a divided government, weakened in its
position upon this subject by that very division? To
the second question, the answer is found in the lan-
guage of the resolution itself. That language is,
"that the President be requested to lay copies of the
documents before the Senate, if in his judgment that
may be done witluiut prejudice to the public interests
Whether this can or cannot be so done, is a question
expressly submitted, by the words of the resolution,
to the President himself. He, and he alone, knows
the contents of the documents, and therefore he, and
lie alone, can determine this question. If the docu-
ments can, in his judgment, be sent to the open Sen-
ate without detriment to our interests, he will send
them; if not, withhold them. For what reason, then,
can senators oppose the resolution? It is in the
common form, drawn with the usual precaution,
and in strict accordance with a practice as old as the
government itself. Do they oppose it from a dis-
trust of the President's capacity to judge whether
the documents can or cannot, with safety, be made
public? If so, can they safely confide to the same
man the more important matter of conducting- the,
whole negotiation, and that in secret, unaided by
any other councils.' No; they deem him competent
to the latter and far more difficult task, and are,
therefore, bound to admit his competency for the.
former. I ask, then, for a single reason why this
discretionary call should not be made. None hasi
been none can be given. Yet is this resolution op-
posed, and will be, I fear, with success. But, sir,
be that as it may, having offered it as the result of"
strong conviction, I now give notice that, should it.
fail or pass, and the documents be withheld, I shall,
in either event, submit it in executive session. Thus
will the question bo then presented, whether tha
Senate has, in its executive character, the constitu-
tional right of participation in the treaty-making
power before th# President shall have exhausted hia
right of participation in it by his signature to a trefc
