100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GlOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Debate on the Oregon Territory.
Senate.
ty. Upon that question I shall then ask the solemn
judgment of this body, and hope to be ready more
fully to show the existence of this right in the Sen-
ate, and that the negation of it would lead to conse-
quences incalculably ruinous to oiir institutions.
Mr. ARCHER said that the Senate would recollect
that, when the subject was before them a few days
ago; he had stated that he was not unwilling that
this resolution should receive the sanction of this
body, though, at the same time, he did not in the
least doubt the propriety of the suggestion made by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Morehead,]
that it was Improper to interfere, by such a call, with
a pending negociation. The reason of his readiness
to yield this assent, was, that he was aware that
there was no depending negotiation on this subject
of the Oregon.
He had now to state to the Senate, from informa-
tion which he had obtained officially, as chairman
of the Committee of Foreign Relations, that this was
the fact; that no negotiation was in actual progress
and dependence at the court of St. James, as had
been supposed. Our government had made the
proposal to treat those, and sent instructions to our
minister to enable him to do so. The British gov-
ernment had preferred this place as the seat of nego-
tiation; to which our government, of course, could
make no objection. A minister was expected here
in a few weeks, (and indeed, was supposed to be
already on his way,) who was specially charged
with this subjcct, and other subjects of negotiation
between the two governments. In these circum-
stances, he would not treat the Senate with the dis-
respect of supposing that it was necessary to ad-
dress any observations to it, to show the improprie-
ty of passing the resolution.
It was not required of him, therefore, to go into
the discussion which had been raised by the sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Allen.1 The whole tenor of
his remarks went to show that our title
to the entire territory being, as he represented,
incontestable, we were to admit no negotiation,
as he and the West stood resolved, in no
event, to surrender one acre of it. Well, did
the gentleman not perceive that this was tantamount
to a determination to have war at all events? We
had entertained two negotiations, and entered into
two conventions, with Great Britain, on the subject
of the respective claims of title to the territory.
These conventions, establishing a suspension of the
assertion of an exclusive title on either side, surely,
if they did not recognise a color of title on the part of
Groat, Britain, left unbarred the door to further ne-
gotiation, which it was the object of the senator
fVom Ohio [Mr. Allen] now to close. What!
Great Britain, with whom we had agreed for twenty
years to suspend the question of title, was now not
to be heard at all, when she agrees, in virtue of our
own overture, to renew negotiations at our own
door! What would be the use of negotiation, if the
senator and the great West (of whose chivalry, in
this instance, he professed to be the mouth-piece)
hud no intention ot admitting any terms of adjust-
ment but our own? This was the language of the
senator from Ohio, and this the attitude in which he
wished to place the country!
Then the settlement was to be by the strong
hand, precluding even the chance of getting justice
by negotiation! This attitude was to be maintained,
though war was to be the consequence!—war, which
was not to desolate the interior, where western men,
who were to bring it on us, were safe; but to sweep
m hurricane to tho devastation of our seaboard!
Mr. A rciifr repeated, that he would not offer the
Hru.Up the disrespect of supposing that it would en-
tertain the resolution, in view of the circumstances
in which it was pressed on their adoption.
Mr. MORI I'HEAD said: When this resolution
was called up the other day, Mr. President, it seem-
ed to me that, regarding a negotiation as pending
between the government of the United States and
that of England, in reference to the Oregon Territory,
the." might be some impropriety in our adopting a
resolution, the tendency of which might be to in-
terfere with the legitimate powers of the executive
department. Without expressing any opinion as
to the merits of the resolution, I did entertain great
doubts of the propriety of any interference on our
part, the effect of which would be to arrest the ne-
gotiation.
The question this morning is presented in alto-
gether a different aspect, after what has fallen from
my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Archer.] We are
now informed that there is no actual negotiation
pending, but that a proposition ha3 been made by
the' British government to open the negotiation at
the capital of the United States. Such being the
aspect of the question, whatever may have been the
expediency of this resolution heretofore, it occurs
tp me that it does not become us to act in such
manner as to indicate any disinclination to accede
to the proposal.
Now, sir, it strikes me, in the first place, that
there is no need of the adoption of the resolution at
all; for if we adopt it, there being no pending nego-
tiation, what object is to be accomplished by it' If
our purpose be to legislate upon the subject, what
assistance can we derive from the information
sought' The negotiation which was opened in
London, has been suspended, in order that it may
be transferred to Washington.
Mr. ARCHER, from his seat. It never was com-
menced in London.
Mr. MOREHEAD. There has not, then, been
any attempt at negotiation. But suppose there had
been: I cannot perceive what we can have to do with
the view3 of the executive, as they may have been
expressed in the instructions to our minister.
If we take it that the negotiation is to be conduct-
ed here, does it become us to express doubts of
either the willingness or ability of the executive to
take care of the interests and honor of the country?
The senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] disclaims any
such purpose. Let us, then, leave the adjustment
of these questions at issue betn een the governments,
in the first instance, to the department of the gov-
ernment to which is entrusted the conduct of our
foreign affairs. I trust the President will maintain
the rights and the dignity of the United States; and
I will not, by any act of mine, on such an occasion
as this, imply any distrust of the fidelity of a high
officer of the government, in the discharge of the
functions of his office.
The Senator from Ohio has alluded to the bill
which passed the' Senate at the last session, in re-
gard to the Oregon Territory; and he seems to think
that, by refusing to adopt the resolution, we call
into question the propriety of conduct of those of us
who voted for that bill. Such, I need scarcely say,
is not my view. A principal objection to the reso-
lution is, that its adoption might lead to a premature
collision between the two governments. I did not
understand tbe bill of the last session to be a belli-
gerent measure, and so expressed myself in the dis-
cussion of it. If I had so understood it, I should
not have given it my sanction. It was because, in
my opinion, the bill was altogether pacific; because
it disturbed none of tbe subsisting relations between
Great Britain and the United States; because it vi-
olated no provision of the convention of 1818, which
wan renewed in 1827, but was in entire conformity
with the stipulations of that convention, that I gave
it. my support. I am willing to do the same thing
again. I have changed no opinion of the propriety
of that measure, that I then entertained. If the ob-
ject of our legislation be not to encroach on the pro-
visions of tlie convention, I cannot perceive why
we may not proceed to legislate without the infor-
mation which the resolution seeks to obtain from
the Piesident of the United States. The distinction
is a clear one, to my mind, between our powers to
legislate in conformity with the treaty, and the pow-
ers of the executive to settle subsisting disputes
respecting the title to the Territory of Oregon.
Let the President proceed with the negotiaton,
while we, in the exercise of our legitimate functions,
pursue onr own course of legislation. Great Britain
has legislated; let us do the same. Great Britain
occcupies the territory; let us occupy it. Great
Britain has extended the jurisdiction of her laws to
the Pacific ocean; I see no reason why we may
not do the like. Now all this can be done without
the information to be derived from the instructions to
Mr. Everett, and in full accordance with the terms
of the convention.
I am not so sensitive as the senator from Ohio
seems to be to the declarations of Lord Palmerston
in the British Parliament. He was not a member
of the ministry. He was their opponent. I regard
them as I would the declarations of an American
senator of a similar character, having reference to
our relations with a foreign nation—for which most
certainly the government could not be made respon-
sible.
I think, therefore, with the senator from Virginia,
that the whole subject had better be left for the pres-
ent to that department of the government to which
belongs the adjustment of all question of dispute be-
tween us and foreign powers.
Mr. BENTON rose in support of the resolution,
and said that, from the terms of the constitution,
and the early practice of the government, the Senate
had a right to assist irj, the formation of a treaty be-
fore it was made; and consequently had a right to
know the state of every negotiation, before it was
concluded. The President was to make treaties by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
These were the words of the constitution; and they
implied previous counsel, as well as subsequent ap-
probation. You give advice as to what is to be
done: you consent to what has been done. The
terms are of different import, and by using them
both, the constitution intended that the Senate should
act upon them both; they should give their previous
advice as to the terms of the treaty, and their sub-
sequent consent to its ratification. This is the in-
junction of the constitution, and such was the early
practice of the government. President Washington
always consulted the Senate beforehand, even in
the most insignificant treaties. At first he came in
person; afterwards it was done by message; and al-
ways in the most formal and responsible manner.
The President stated, in writing, what he proposed to
do, and asked the advice of the Senate' on each
clause. The Senate referred his message to a com-
mittee; the committee reported for or against each
proposition, sometimes with amendments. The
Senate appointed a day to deliberate upon them—
passed upon each proposition separately—some-
times advising for—sometimes against—sometimes
amending—sometimes adding new propositions of
their own. A resolution was then adopted, advis-
ing what they had agreed upon; and a copy of the
whole was sent to the President. This was the
practice when Washington was President, and Jef-
ferson Secretary of State, and when those who
framed the constitution sat here to expound and to
administer it.
Mr. B-, having made this statement of the early
practice of the government, went on to support
what he said by referring to the executive journal.
He read various instances in which President Wash-
ington and the Senate had done precisley what he
had stated. He showed instances of it, both in
Indian treaties and with foreign powers—among
the two latter, with those of Great Britain and
Spain, and upon the identical points now in contest
with Great Britain, and covered by the resolution
of the senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen.] He (Presi-
dent Washington) asked the advice of the Senate in
settling the northeastern boundary with Great Brit- •
ain, then disputed at the Santa Croix, and the south-
ern boundary with Spain, including the navigation
of the Mississippi. He asked advice upon Si the
points connected with these boundaries and naviga-
tion, and the Senate gave.it. This was the right
way to do.
Mr. B. knew that this practice had been departed
from since the time of Washington; but it was a
departure from a good practice; and, what was more,
it was a departure from the constitution, and great
evil had grown out of it. It had deprived the Sen-
ate of their free action upon the ratification of trea-
ties, and had placed them, in many instances, under
a moral duress, and gave them no choice but to con-
firm what was done, or to embarrass the government.
Argunifents dehors the treaty were now the prin-
cipal ones to obtain a ratification. The President
has done it—his friends must stand by him—it will
be a censure on him to' reject it—it will disappoint
the foreign power—it was made under full powers,
or in conformity to instructions, and cannot be re-
jected without a breach of international courtesy or
faith:—such are the arguments, or rather considera-
tions, on whicu the ratification of treaties are now
mainly pressed and obtained; and every senator
who has sat here some years, well knows that, in
this manner, treaties obtain ratification which are, in
fact, approved by none, or but few. Our diplomatic
history, said Mr. B., is full of these examples, and
none stronger than the British treaty of 1842. That
was a treaty negotiated here in this city. The ad-
vice of the Senate might have been easily obtained.
If Mr. Tyler had followed the example of Wash-
ington, and consulted the Senate about the terms of
the boundary on the St. John and the highlands,
as that President did with respect to the boundary
on the Santa Croix, no such treaty would have been
made as that which received an almost unanimous
ratification. We remember that treaty, and how it
was voted for here even by those who condemned
it, on the cry of war if it was rejected, and on the
plea that it was the best we could get! The best we
could get! (reiterated Mr. B.,) as if we were a con-
I quered people, and forced to put up with what we
