86
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that fact, let a resolution, unconnected with any
particular case, but referring only to the laws them-
selves, be introduced, and he would vote for it.
Mr. STETSON said he thought his colleague,
[Mr. Davis,] in speaking for the North generally,
{which of course included the district which he rep-
resented,) had gone a little too far, when he assert-
ed that the South had a perfect assurance of the con-
tinuance of the Union. It was important that the
people of the North and of the South should un-
derstand each other upon this point. He would say
to the South, that the securities for the continuance
of the Union, in the estimation of the people of his
district, depend upon the broad line which separates
the powers of this Congress from the Legislatures
of the several States. The protection of that House
upon this question, was the bulwark of State rights.
If they would, they could not go against them.
Look at the North: she had abolished slavery al-
most universally; and, patriotic as she is, she de-
sired to see liberty, in its broaded sense, diffused
throughout the entire Union; yet, though she might
thus ardently desire—
Mr. PAYNE said he must be permitted to call
the gentleman to order, as had been done with every
one who had been disposed to enter into the gen-
eral discussion, upon this petition, of the question of
emancipation, ana he appealed to the Speaker, to
maintain order, and prevent gentlemen from intro-
ducing matters irrelevant to the question immediate-
ly before the House.
The SPEAKER remarked that a great deal of
irrelevant debate had been indulged in by gentle-
men, and had been tolerated by courtesy.
Mr. STETSON said he had no desire to go be-
yond the pj-escribed bounds, and he would be hap-
py to confine himself to whatever gentlemen might
desire. [Cries of "go on," "go on."] He merely
wished to do his colleague the justice of presenting
more distinctly to the House the point of security
which binds the North and the South together.
Mr DAVIS explained. He said he had merely
assigned, as one reason why he voted for the refer-
ence, that he was not actuated by the views of the
abolitionists; that he was not one, and that he had
no communion of feeling with them. He wanted to
show the House that he voted for the resolution
not as an abolitionist; and he would add, that
even if Congress had the power to adolish slavery
in the States, and the South desired immediate abo-
lition, they of the North could not, and would not
consent.
Mr. STETSON said, in his humble judgment, the
continuance of the Union did not depend upon any-
thing which could be said by any member in that
House. He believed it would endure beyond the
days of these false prophets.
In relation to the question before the House, ho
should give his vote in favor of the reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary. The question was a
proper one for judicial investigation.
Mr. A. V. BROWN inquired whether it would be
in order to muve another amendment; and being
answered in the affirmative by the Speaker,
he moved that the committee be instructed to in-
3uire into the expediency of repealing so much of
le law as authorizes the sale of a person arrested as
a runaway slave, for costs;and upon this he demand-
ed the previous question; but withdrew the demand
in order to allow Mr. Adams an opportunity to ad-
dress the House.
Mr. ADAMS said he was very glad the gentle-
man had withdrawn the call for the previous ques-
tion, which he had made so precipitately after a total
change of the question before the House. It appear-
ed to him that the question, in any of its forms, was
of so much importance to the peace and harmony of
■the country; it was so important in relation to that
law, or rather portion of the law, by which a colored
man could be thrown into jail upon the mere pre-
sumption that he is a slave; that he could be com-
pelled to prove himself a freeman; and when he did
•that, that he w,as still liable to be sold as a slave to
discharge the expense of his arrest, detention, and
trial—it was of so much importance that it should at
least be permitted to be discussed. He could not
help comparing the incident now before the House
with one which occurred in the second session of the
twenty-seventh Congress, which every gentleman
who was then in the House must remember. He had
^he journal now before him. Mr. White of Loui-
siana obtained leave to introduce a bill to regulate
ai'rests upon mesne process in the county of
of Washington, in the District of Columbia. What
difference was there between that case and the case
now before the House? The bill was read a first
and second time; and, by a motion of the gentleman
from Louisiana, the rules were suspended by a
vote of two-thirds, for the purpose of considering,
and finally acting upon the said call at that time.
A motion was made by Mr. Powell to lay the
bill upon the table; which was disagreed to.
Mr. White then moved the previous question;
which passed in the afKrmative.
The main question being put, shall the bill pass?
the vote was 135 yeas, and 35 nays.
Half an hour after the introduction of the bill, it
was sent to the Senate for their concurrence.
Those who were in the House at that time must
remember the excitement which prevailed when Mr
White came into the House and announced that a
citizen of Louisiana was imprisoned in the jail of
this District. A burst of indignation communicated
itself to all parts of the House. Witnessing the
proceedings of yesterday and of this mining, "his
mind had reverted to the proceedings of that day.
When it was told yesterday that a freeman—a citi-
zen of the State of Virginia—a State whose motto
(accompanied by the personification of the State
trampling upon the neck of a tyrant) is, Sic semper
tyrannis—that a citizen of that Suite was now con-
fined in jail, and advertised to be sold,—he looked in
vain for that outburst of feeling which prevailed in the
House at the time when the incident occurred to which
he had already adverted. There was no talk at that
time of the question being a judicial question. It was
not then said to be a matter which the House could
not act upon. There was no such argument then;
or, if any such were used, it was cast aside instantly
by the House. How was it now? This citizen of
Virginia had been confined in the jail for two
months, and was advertised to be sold by the sher-
iff for jail fees. When this announcement was made
to the House, was there any of that ardent Zeal for
freedom which was exhibited on the occasion he had
alluded to? No; all wos cool and calm; no manifesta-
tion of feeling was made on the part of any member of
the House. Instead of taking action upon the case
at once, it gives rise to a protiacted and prolonged
debate, and is continued from day to day, while the
man remains in jail. And now they were told they
must not inquire into any of the facts; that it was a
matter for judicial decision, and that the House had
nothing to do with the question, even if the
man should lie in prison until the end of time,
or whether hewasto be sold for jail fees. They were
told that they must not legislate for special cases;
that they had no power to set the man at lib-
erty; that it was a matter for the judiciary alone
to decide. Were they told this at the time when
that act was passed? No. There was no inquiry
thought to be necessary for the purpose of liberating
the man who was in prison: rightfully or wrong-
fully, he was imprisoned according to the laws of
the land, as they existed at that time. What was
the consequence? The House, in half an hour, re-
pealed the law. He thought that, after the mem-
bers of this House had taken so much time to
sleep upon this question, while the man is lying in
jail, the House at least should take into considera-
tion the propriety of passing an act by which this
mode of imprisonment, should be abolished. He
hoped, therefore, the House would refer the matter
to a select committee.
He should, however, rely confidently on the Ju-
diciary Committee; for he confided in their love of
freedom, and he believed they would suffer nothing
to interfere between that love and their duty to the
House.
Mr. PAYNE did not rise to make a speech on
this question; and certainly he did not rise with the
view of creating excitement; for, like other gentle-
men who had preceded him, he must avail himself of
the opportunity now afforded him, to deprecate ex-
citement on questions of this character; and he did
deprecate, as strong as any gentleman could, the
course pursued by some who had connected the
question of slavery and of abolition with every
question which had been submitted to that House.
He would not repeat what had been said of the
course the South was determined to pursue, for that
would be unnecessary; his object was to direct his
inquiry to the proposition before the House. And
what was that proposition? It was to refer a memo-
rial sent there by a negro, who alleges that he is a
free man. Some gentlemen doubted the truth of
that statement, and he (Mr. P.) could not affirm its
truth; but he put it to the gentlemen who assumed
that ground, if every slave from Maryland and Vir-
ginia, or any other State, who should escape
to this District, would not pursue the same
course, and allege that he was free? But if he
were, as he alleged, a free man in truth, what was
his remedy? It had been pointed Out again and
again. The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Saunders] assured the House that it was only ne-
cessary to procure an affidavit of some person who
had known him to be free, and on the exhibition of
such proof, he would be set free; and he (Mr. Payne)
asked if the failure to produce such proof was
not prima facie evidence that he was not a free man.
The question, however, into which this whole mat-
ter resolved itself, was, Shall we turn our slaves
loose? He had as much right to infer that this man
was a slave, as the gentleman opposite had to infer
that he was a free man. But suppose he should be
free: was there any hardship in holding him in ar-
rest until he demonstrated the fact, and procured the
necessary evidence? Let him get a writ of habeas
corpus—apply to the judicial tribunals of the country
—exhibit his testimonals—and he would be dis-
charged. There was no very great hardship in this.
The honorable gentleman was here understood to
allude to some laws once existing in some of the
States, under which white men were sold as well as ne-
groes, under certain circumstances; but he was heard
too imperfectly to be reported with accuracy. He ar-
gued that if that was deemed no great hardship when
white men were concerned, neither could this be
deemed a hardship in the case of a negro. But he had
an objection to the repeal of this law. The gentleman
from Massachusetts assumed that there was no
man on that floor that was willingto permit that law
to remain as it was; but he (Mr. P.) should dislike
exceedingly to see it repealed. This District was
surrounded by States holding slaves; and if they
should repeal this law, what would be the effect on
the District, and on the adjoining States? Why,
there was not a slave in any of the States of the
Union that would not endeavor to get here immedi-
ately. And would he be arrested? No; the authori-
ties would not arrest him; for if they did, they would
not receive their jail fees, and the other costs inci-
dent thereto; consequently they would cause the
District of Columbia to become the great receptacle
for fugitive slaves. Now who wished to see that
state of things? Who was there who wished this
District to become the rendezvous of slaves, or to
disgrace their country in the eyes of foreign powers
by collecting here, and thence conveying to Canada,
the property of their fellow-citizens of the United
States? He did not charge it on any one, but
it might be intended to make this District the
rendezvous at which the slaves might assem-
ble; and in view of all these facts, he thought
it would be improper to subject this District to such
an evil, and the States of Vlrginia and of Maryland
to so much danger; and he therefore opposed the
proposition before the House. He was opposed to
the reference, because he was opposed to any modi-
fication of the law as it now existed. He trusted,
however, that the House would act on the question
now, and decide it at once, and no longer place in
jeopardy, or leave in doubt, the course to be pursued
m relation to the interests of the States, more partic-
ularly of Maryland and Virginia, and the District
of Columbia.
Mr. WELLER said this discussion was a very
unprofitable one; and, therefore, to get rid of this
matter, that the House might proceed to the trans-
action of other important business, he would move
the previous question.
Mr. McCONNELL (having first obtained the
withdrawal of the motion for the previous question)
made a few observations. If there was to be a
compromise of the interests of the Southern States,
he wished the members from the South to know it,
that they might regulate their action accordingly.
He deemed the South competent to take care
of itself: he did not say this by way of brava-
do; but, as the Representative of a portion
of the people of Alabama, he felt it to be
incumbent upon him to say that they knew
their rights, and would maintain them; for certain
gentlemen on that floor seemed disposed to drive
this confederacy into a bunch of fragments. He
was disposed to let this subject go to a committee,
that the House might have a report upon it; and
that the South might know what they were to ex-
pect, and how they were to act. With these and
some other remarks, he resumed his seat, first re-
newing the motion for the previous question.
Some conversation ensued between several gen-
tlemen, more particularly in relation to the effect of
the previous question.
