88
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pies of martial law, or of the law of contempts. In
the autumn of 1814 general Andrew Jackson, from
a fortunate concurrence of circumstances, which
would almost seem to be providential, was appoint-
ed to the command of the 7th military district, in
which Louisiana was comprised. He had first be-
come known beyond the limits of Tennessee by his
services at the head of the volunteer militia of that
State, in the campaign of 1813'~14, against the
Creek Indians. Although much enfeebled by dis-
ease, he, by his unceasing activity and indomitable
energy, under circumstances the most unfavorable,
by a succession of bold and rapid movements, had,
in a few months, completely broken the spirit of that
powerful and martial tribe, and reduced them to
subjection. He had manifested, on a more obscure
theatre, and against a barbarous foe, those great
qualities which were soon to distinguish him in a
conflict on which the eyes of all nations were turned.
He was about to measure his strength with the
most accomplished veteran generals of the age, at
the head of the most numerous and bes.t appointed
regular army that ever was ranged for battle on this
continent. He had no military experience. He
had probably never perused a military treatise. He
knew nothing of strategy, as an art, "nor the di-
vision of a battle knew, more than a spinster." But
he had that within him, by God's gift, which
more than supplied the place of all that less favored
mortals could only have acquired by years of study
and practice. He was born a soldier, in the most
comprehensive sense of the word. And here let me
be permitted to say, that I, for one, do not sympa-
thize with what I consider a sickly affectation of the
day—the clamor against (to use the popular par-
lance) military chieftains. I consider that, to be a
great soldier, requires a combination of all the high-
est qualities which go to constitute greatness in any
department of active life. There may be no particu-
lar talent necessary to manoeuvre a well-appointed
force in the field; and some of the most important
battles which history has recorded, have probably
been gained by very inferior men. But the faculty
of commanding masses of men; to produce order
from chaos; to reduce to discipline the most stub-
born and discordant materials; to infuse into an army
the confidcnce which is always the precursor of vic-
tory; to communicate the electric spark of enthusi-
asm, which is the vital principle of all high
and noble daring, without which an army is but a
caput mortuum—an inert and lifeless mass. This is,
indeed, to be great; take my word for it. The man
who can do this will be distinguished in the cabinet
as in the field. The great soldiers of all countries
and ages have been great statesmen; and Jackson
was no exception to this rule. He has had many
distinguished men about him; but instead (as many
had supposed would be the case when he was el-
evated to the Presidency) of being a mere nominal
President, an instrument in the hands of other and
abler men, he was the master spirit of his party,
and stamped his own impress on everything that
surrounded him. The reputation of such a man
belongs to his country, and it should be our care
that no undeserved stain should rest upon it; that
the judgment which the sentence of an unjust and
prejudiced tribunal pronounced upon him should be
reversed by the Representatives of the American
people.
At the time of General Jackson's appointment,
he established his headquarters at Mobile. A
British force had been landed at Pensacola, in the
adjoining pretended neutral, but really hostile, Ter-
ritory of Florida. The British commander there
had, by his emissaries, endeavored to foment discord
and treason among the people of Louisiana. He
had issued a proclamation to them, in which he
announced the approaching arrival of a large
British force to take possession of the country; and
invited the Spaniards, Frenchmen, Italians, and
Englishmen, residing in Louisiana, to make com-
mon cause with the invaders; promising relief from
taxation, guaranties for their laws, religion and
property. Copies of this proclamation were dis-
tributed over the whole country, between the Mo-
bile river and the Mississippi. The British were
permitted to garrison the forts of Pensacola.
Jackson, with his accustomed energy, determined
upon the occupation of Pensacola; and to deprive
the enemy of a place of shelter and refuge, which
they possessed, if not through the bad faith, at least
through the weakness, of our professedly neutral
neighbors. He accordingly marched to Pensacola;
and having driven out the enemy, and destroyed the
fortifications, he returned to Mobile. He soon after
proceeded to New Orleans, where he arrived on the
2d of December. Let. us now take a brief retro-
spect of the position of affairs at that time.
The British army of invasion was on the coast—
an army composed of fifteen thousand veterans,
flushed witli a succession of victories, re-
cently achieved over the most warlike peo-
ple of Europe, commanded by experienced gen-
erals, sustained by a numerous fleet having com-
mand of all the shores of the Gulf of Mexico, tuid
the choice of all the numerous approaches which
the peculiar formation of the delta of the Missis-
sippi offers to an invading force.
To repel the attacks of the enemy, Jackson had
but a force of little more than 2,000 men, the greater
part of whom were militia, (of course undisciplined,)
imperfectly armed, and composed of men of all na-
tions, and of every hue of color. The Legislature—
the second elected under the State constitution—was
then in session. General Jackson was compara-
tively in a land of strangers. He dm not under-
stand the language of the majority of the inhabitants;
he of course could not commune freely with them,
and was necessarily obliged to judge of their feel-
ings and disposition from the representations of
others. On whom should he more naturally rely
for such information than on the man who had, in
the first instance, been selected by Jefferson as
Governor of the ceded territory of Louisiana; and
who had since, by the people of Louisiana admitted
into the great Confederacy of States, been elected
as their first Chief Magistrate? It appears from all
the testimony, that Jackson did rely much upon the
information of the Governor. Indeed, this reliance
is made a matter of grave and frequent animadver-
sion by Judge Martin, upon whom the opponents
of the bill, and especially the majority of the Judi-
ciary Committee of last session, in their adverse re-
port, mainly rely, and cite as the most accredited
authority. Governor Claiborne had repeatedly, in
his correspondence, expressed his distrust of the
fidelity of a portion of the population of Louisiana;
and declared that the militia had been encouraged in
their disobedience of a requisition of Jackson's pre-
decessor, Flournoy, by the Legislature of the State.
The Legislature had been in session since the 10th
November. Governor Claiborne represented their
fidelity as very doubtful; seemed suspicious of
some bad design at their prolonged session; and
appeared extremely desirous that they should ad-
journ. On the 14th December, the Governor pro-
posed to the Legislature the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus, which was refused. On the 15th
December, news reached the city of the destruction
of the small flotilla of gun boats on Lake Borgne,
under the command of Lieutenant Jones, by which
all the avenues of the city were left open to the
enemy. Martial law was then proclaimed in the
city of New Orleans and its environs. The neces-
sity of this measure appears to have been admitted
by every one. It is distinctly proved that it was so
by Judge Hall.
On the 16th, Governoi Claiborne advised tile ad-
journment of the Legislature for twenty-five days.
He said that the time was certainly inauspicious for
that cool and mature legislation necessary to the
formation of good laws; that the enemy menaced
the capital, and how soon he would effect his land-
ing was uncertain. Every hand should be raised to
repel him, and every moment occupied in arrang-
ing and completing means of defence. The House
of Representatives concurred with the report of
their committee, who considered an adjournment as
inexpedient. Should the Houses adjourn for the
proposed period, few members would have time to
leave the city; and if they did, their mileages would
exceed their expenses if they continued their sitting.
The reasons urged in the report, as stated by Mar-
tin, are not calculated to give a very exalted opinion
of the patriotism of those who opposed the adjourn-
ment. It is evident that, however much they may
have been disposed to demonstrate their patriotism
by speeches and resolutions, they had no intention
of giving the only possible practical evidence of it,
by joining the ranks of their countrymen in the
field.
On the 23d, the British army effected its landing
without opposition; and the first intelligence of it
was the appearance of a division of 5,000 men on
the banks of the Mississippi, within five miles of
New Orleans, on the afternoon of that day. Jack-
son, by one of those happy inspirations which
only occur to men of genius, determined to attack
the invaders, although he could not muster half their
force. Accordingly, on the night of the 23d, he
marched from the city with his motley, but gallant
band; and made so vigorous an onslaught as to
force them to retreat in confusion. This sally,
which, if it had proved unsuccessful, would have
been denounced as apiece of Quixotic temerity,
showed the consummate prudence, skill, and saga-
city of our improvised . warrior. He had in-
deed stepped forth as the fabled Minerva,
completely clothed in all the panoply of war. With
him, as a soldier, there was no interval between in-
fancy and the vigor of manhood. That night was
decisive of the campaign. The enemy, believ-
ing that only superiority of numbers could have in-
spired the courage necessary for such an attack, de-
termined to await the arrival of the remainder of
their force. They did not attempt to advance, but
threw up intrcnchments to protect themselves from
further attack. This delay afforded time for the
arrival of considerable detachments of the brave
militia of Louisiana, Mississippi, and the West.
The grand assault was made on the 8th of January,
and the result of it is too well known to require
mention now. It was the crowning event of the
war. Its anniversary is generally celebrated as a
national festival; its glory has completely eclipsed
that of the 23d December; and yet military men
generally concede that more credit should be ac-
corded to him for this bold and masterly movement,
than for all his subsequent services in this giorious
and memorable campaign. From this time until
the 19th of January, the British army remained inac-
tive. They then broke up their camp on the bank*
of the Mississippi, and the greater part of the sur-
vivors re-embarked on board of the British fleet;
leaving, however, a sufficient force to secure the
passes with lake Borgne, and to command the en-
trance of the bayou oy which they had penetrated
to the Mississippi. The fleet remained on the coast,
and ^besieged Fort Bov.-yer at Mobile Point, which
capitulated on the 12th February. On the 18th
Febiuary, Mr. Edward Livingston, Col. Mansel
White, and others, who had proceeded to the British
fleet with a flag of truce, returned with informal in-
telligence that a treaty of peace had been concluded
at Ghent; but no communication to this effect was
made by the British commanders. The force of the
British (though greatly diminished by their short but
fata] campaign) was still sufficiently formidable to
require unabated vigilance on the part of Jackson.
To have disbanded his forces, would have been to
invite an attack from an enemy smarting under the
disgrace of a recent and ignominious defeat. To
have relaxed the discipline of his camp, would
have exposed him to the just censure of those
whose safety such imprudence would have jeop-
arded.
Louaillier, a member of the Legislature, a French-
man by birth, one of those who, either from disaffec-
tion to his adopted country, or from a feeling of blind
hostility towards the Governor and General Jackson,
had been conspicuous for his opposion to all the
measures proposed by them, had published in one of
the newspapers a seditious appeal to his country-
men, in which he stimulated them to disobedience of
the orders of the commanding general. Jackson
caused him to be arrested on the 5ui March. On the
same day, application was made to Judge Hall, of
the United States district court, for a writ of habeas
corpus, on the ground of his illegal imprisonment.
A writ was accordingly issued by order ofjudge Hall;
but, before it was served upon him, Jackson caused
Hall to be arrested for interfering with his authority
in the limits of his camp. I do not think it worth
while to examine particularly into the discrepancies
and changes of date on this writ of habeas corpus.
They are of no consequence as regards the substan-
tial merits of the question, although they afford to
my mind pregnant indications of the disposition of
the Judge to mix himself up in thts matter more as a
volunteer—an officious intermeddler—than as a high
functionary, called upon to discharge a delicate but
responsible duty.
On the 6th March, unofficial intelligence of the
signature of the treaty of Ghent was received by
General Jackson; although, by some unaccountable
error of the War Department, at the same time, and
by the same conveyance, he received an order to levy
additional troops. This intelligence was immediate-
ly communicated to the British General, Lambert,
with a proposition to suspend hostilities; which was
refused, tinder these circumstances, Jackson con-
sidered it imprudent to suspend martial law; but, on
the 13th March, official news of peace was received; of
which proclamation was immediately made, the mil-
itary disbanded, and martial law abolished. On the
