90
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BERNARD assented; and the committee
rose and reported progress, and asked leave to sit
again.
NEW YEAR'S HOLYDAY.
Mr. WELLER moved that when this House ad-
journ, it adjourn to meet again on Tuesday next;
which was agreed to.
The House then adjourned at o'clock.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. BELSER: Petition, signed by sundry
citizen* of the counties of Macon and Pike, in the
State of Alabama, asking for the establishment of a
mail-route from Tuskegee to Troy, in the said State.
By Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana: Petition of Maj.
James Smith, of Indiana, for a pension and lands,
for military services rendered as a spy in the West,
up to the treaty of Greenville; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, together
with all the papers on file on the-same subject.
Mr. LEVY of Florida, presented the following:
The petition of Robert Butler of Tallahasse, Flor-
ida, setting forth that twenty-five acres of land, of
which he was the owner, embracing a number of
improvements, were set apart by the act of the
Legislative Council of Florida, for the health and
convenience of the inhabitants of Tallahassee, by
authority of an act of Congress; and praying indem-
nity therefor: referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
The petition of the citizens of the island of Key
West, Florida, praying for the establishment of a
marine hospital at the town of Key West, on said
island.
The petition of P. J. Fontaine of Key West,
Florida, praying payment of a balance due him for
certain work done by him under contract with the
collector at Key West.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of an appropriation for the erection
of a marine hospital on the Bay of Apalachicola.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of an appropriation for the removal of
obstructions to the nuvigation of the Suwannee river.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of an appropriation for widening and
deepening the straight channel in the Bay of Apala-
chicola.
Ordered, That the saitl petitions and resolutions be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The petition of Robert Gamble, of Jefferson
county, Territory of Florida, praying indemnity
for the loss of a slave while in the service of the
United States.
The petition of the heirs of William Travers, of
the Territory of Florida, praying indemnity for losses
sustained by depredations of the Indians of that
Territory.
The petition of Joseph E. Caro, keeper of the pub-
lic archives of West Florida, praying compensation
for extra services performed m systematizing the
arrangement of the judicial records and documents
in said archives.
Ordered, That the said petitions be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
A memorial of the Mayor and Common Council
of St. Augustine, Florida, praying a cession to that
city of certain vacant land within its corporate
limits.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of the salaries of officers of said
Council.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of the boundary line between Florida
and Georgia.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of an increase of the number of
representatives in said Council.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of a modification of the act of Con-
gress respecting the sitting of the said Legislature,
and the increase of the compensation of its offi-
cers.
Ordered, That the said memorial and resolutions
be referred to the Committee on the Territories.
The memorial of citizens of Pensaeola, praying
for an appropriation for the erection of a barrack
and hospital at Fort Barrancas: referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of the relocation of valueless six-
teenth sections, or (school lands, in said Territory.
A resolution of the Ilegislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of the location of unreserved lands
for school purposes.
A resolution of the 1 legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of a kiw giving pre-emption rights
to settlers who have been compelled to abandon
their lands and improvements by decrees of the
courts of the United States in favor of summary
claimants of large tracts.
Ordered, That the said resolutions be referred to
the Committee on the Territories.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of a post office at Fort King.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of a post office at Blountstown.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of a post office in Mosquito county.
Ordered, That the said resolutions be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A resolution of the Legislative Council of Florida,
on the subject of an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a road from Tallahassee to Iola: referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr. LEVY, the following petitions
were taken from the files and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims:
The petition of the heirs of Anto. Pachico.
The petition of the heirs of Bennet M. Dell.
The petition of the heirs of Augustus Steele. _
The petition of the heirs of Richard Fitzpatrick.
The petition of the heirs of Spencer Price.
Mr. L. presented additional papers in relation to
the claim of Spencer Price; which were referred.
Washington, Dec. 30th, 1843.
Gentlemen: Your report in the Globe of last
evening, of the debate yesterday, in the House of
Representatives, upon the petition of a runaway
negro, presented by Mr. Giddings, does me great
injustice, though I have no doubt without intention.
It represents me as having said that my colleague,
[Mr. Davis] "had gone a little too far, when he as-
serted that the South had a perfect assurance of the
continuance of the Union." Now, what I said was
the reverse of this; but your whole report of my re-
marks, or rather of remarks not mine, is so unintel-
ligible, that I am now compelled to do myself jus-
tice by writing out, at length, what I did say, ask-
ing you to publish it. This I will do in time for
your paper next after to-day.
Allow me to call your attention, in the mean time,
to a correct, (with few exceptions,) though not full,
sketch of my remarks on that question, in the Intel-
ligencer of this morning. That was written and
published without any correction or aid from me—
indeed without my knowledge.
Very respectfully yours,
L. STETSON.
Messrs. Blair & Rives.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 2, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate the credentials of the Hon. James Albert
Peaiice, who was elected by the Legislature of
Maryland a Senator from that State until March 4,
1849.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, ordered to be
placed on the files of the Senate.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Joseph Stone and ten others, who were taken pris-
oners by the British during the late war, and con-
lined in the prisons of Dartmoor and other places.
The memorialists represent that their long and rig-
orous confinement impaiied their health, and, with
. advancing age, has deprived them of the power of
earning their livelihood by labor; and they ask Con-
gress to pass an act affording relief to all such Amer-
ican citizens as were confined in British prisons du-
ring the late war: referred to the Committee of Na-
val Affairs.
Also, a memorial from a number of claimants for
indemnity for spoliations by the French prior to the
treaty of September, 1800, respectfully and earnest-
ly entreating that the consideration of the subject
may be no longer refused or postponed; but that, at
an early day of the present session, it may receive
that attention which its importance demands, and ar-
rangements may be made for its satisfaction: refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial from citizens of the city and
county of Philadelphia, praying that the provisions
by the act of 1837, for the widows and infant chil-
dren of all officers, seamen, and marines, who died
in the naval service, may be restored; and that relief
may be afforded them out of the navy pension or
some other fund: referred to the Committee on Na-
v9-1
Also, a memorial from a number of citizens of
Delaware county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to
reduce the rates of postage on letters, periodicals,
and newspapers: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office, and Post Roads.
Also presented a memorial from Jonas Gleason,
representing that he is a manufacturer of oval bake-
pans, and frying-pans, and that there are several
articles under the tariff of 1842, of which he is the
manufacturer, on which the duty on the imported
manufactured articles is less than on the raw mate-
rial of which it is composed; thus, in fact, creating a
discrimination against, and not in favor of our own
mechanics and manufacturers. Mr. B. said, that
as the prayer of the memorialist was to increase the
duty, a bill for this purpose, could not originate in
the Senate. However, on his motion, the petition
was referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from a num-
ber of citizens of Baltimore city, Maryland, and a
petition from citizens of Poughkeepsie, Dutchess
county, New York, praying a reduction in the rates
of postage.
Mr.M. remarked that there seemed to be but one
voice in the country upon the subject of a reduction.
The only effectual mode, he believed, which could
be adopted to break down those private expresses,
was by reducing the rates of postage. Persons would
then be induced to send their letters, &c., by the
United States mail, instead of private persons. He
hoped very soon to bring the subject to the consid-
eration of" the Senate in the form of a bill. He
moved to refer the memorials to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads: agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS presented a petition from John P.
Skinner, as the legal representative of Isaac Green,
deceased, late of Windsor, Vermont, praying that a
certain sum of money, which he paid as security
for a former pension agent, may be reimbursed: re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of Hampshire county, Virginia, rep-
resenting the evils arising from the existing rates of
postage, asking Congress to take the 'subject into
consideration and provide a proper remedy: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
Jacob dinger, praying to be placed on the pension
roll for services performed during the revolutionary
war. Also, a petition in behalf of Simon Kenton,
setting forth his services in the late war, and pray-
ing to be allowed 160 acres of land therefor: which
petitions were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
sundry citizens ofDetroit, in the State of Michigan,
.praying that a ship canal may be constructed around
the falls of the river St. Mary, so as to connect the
waters of Lakes Superior and Huron: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from sun-
dry citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
praying that the naval pension fund may be re-
stored, or some other fund created, by which the
pledges guarantied in the acts of 1799 and 1800 may
be fulfilled: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a petition from a number of citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking an appropriation for continu-
ing the works m the harbor of Erie, on Lake Erie:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KING presented a petition from George S.
Gaines, of the State of Alabama, setting forth that
he has discharged the duties of pension agent in the
Mobile district for more than five years without re-
ceiving any compensation therefor; and praying Con-
gress to make some provisions for compensating
pension agents who discharge their duties faith-
fully: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill declaring the
assent of Congress to the State of Illinois to impose
a tax on all lands hereafter sold by the United
States in that State, from and after the time of such
sale.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM, it was ordered
that the petition of Ira Day, praying compensation
for carrying the mail, be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads; and that the petition of Dr,
