CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Samuel White, praying for a pension, be taken from
the files and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of Edward
Kennard; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading; and the report accompanying the same to be
PrMr. SEMPLE gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to extend the
Cumberland road to the city of Alton, on the Mis-
sissippi river.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following res-
olution; which lies on the table one day, under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate'the present condition of the harbor
at Michigan city; the amount heretofore expended on, and
the sura necessary to complete, the works at that point, with
such other information as he may have in relation thereto.
Mr. WOODBURY said he would submit two
resolutions, with a view to promote economy in the
public expenditures. He would not say anything
upon the subject of them, unless, when they came
up for consideration, some, gentleman wished for
an explanation of them. They were read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of prohibiting, by law, the al-
lowance of any claim, except under a special act of Con-
gress by any of the departments or bureaus, which has
once been rejected by the heads thereof; and also the al-
lowance of any claim, without such special act, which ori-
ginated more than four years previous to the application for
such allowance. .
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instiucted
to inquire into the expediency of providing, by law, that the
annual estimates from the difl'erent departments, which are
laid before Congress by the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall be accompanied by the written approval or disapproval
of the President and all the heads of the departments, as to
their necessity arid amount; and that no estimates for ap-
propriations be at any time submitted to Congress, by any
of the departments or bureaus, except such as (like the an-
nual estimates) have first been laid before the Secretary of
the Treasury, and are accompanied by a plan from him for
means adequate to meet them.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Allen, a few
days ago, calling upon the President of the United
States for information of the nature of the instruc-
tions, if any, given to our minister at the Court of
Great Britain, upon the subject of the Oregon, came
up for consideration. ,
Mr. ALLEN remarked, that he had received this
morning a note from the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, advising him of his indis-
position, and requesting that the resolution might be
permitted to lie on the table until he returned to his
seat. He was desirous only that the resolution
might be disposed of in time to enable the informa-
tion to be furnished before any action of the Senate
was had on the bills for the occupation and settle-
ment of the Oregon, and the establishment of a gov-
eminent there. He presumed that the chairman of
the committee would be in his seat in a few days.
As he could accomplish his object, notwithstand-
ing the delay, he would cheerfully acquiesce m let-
ting the resolution lie on the table for a day or two.
The resolution accordingly lies on the table.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, it was
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to fur-
nish to the Senate a copy of the account he caused to be
kept during the month oi October last of the number of let-
tere underlach rate of postage, and the number of free let-
ters, and by what officers franked; the number ofnewspa-
pers, pamphlets, &c., passing through the mail during the
said month of October; and any other accurate information
he may have collected, and not heretofore communicated to
Congress, on this subject.
Mr. JARNAGIN gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to divide
the United States into two military districts.
Mr F AIRFIELD, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported in favor of printing certain documents:
concurred in by the Senate.
The CHAIR remarked that there was no other
business on his table, unless the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the special orders.
Mr BERRIEN said, if there was no member of
the Senate who desired to have the special orders
taken up, he would move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, alter
spending some time thereon.
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 2,1844.
v The journal of Friday was read andapproved.
Mr. WILLIAM H- HAMMETT of Missis-
sippi appeared in his place, was qualified, and took
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to suspend the
rules, in order to go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether this was not the
last day on which petitions were receivable.
Being answered by the Speaker in the affirma-
tive—
Mr. ADAMS said he hoped, then, the regular or-
der of business would not be departed from.
Mr. ELMER asked permission to move for the
appointment of a clerk to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. INGEBSOLL, however, pressed his mo
tion for going into Committee of the Whole; and,
upon that motion,
Mr. KING called for the yeas and nays; which,
being taken, resulted—yeas 105, nays 47, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Belsor. Benton, Eidlack,
James Black, James A. Black, Blackwcll, Bower, Bowlm,
Brodhead, William J Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Gary, Catlin,
Reben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb,
Cullom,Daniel, ft D. Davis, John W. Davis, Dean, Dil-
lingham, Dromgoolc, Duncan, Dnnlap, Jarlee, licklin,
French, Gilmer, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlm, Hammett,
Henley Herrick, Holmes, Houston, Hubbell, Hughes, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingeisoll, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Ken-
nedy, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard,
Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslin, McClemand,
McConnell, Moore, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris,
Norris Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Peyton, Elisha It.
Potter, Fratt? Rathbnn, David S.Keld, Reding, Relfe, Rliett,
Ritter. Russell, St. John, Sample, Saunders, Thomas H.
Seymour, David L Seymour, Simons, Simpson, blldell,
Thomas Smith, Steenrod,' Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles
Stone, Sykes. Taylor, Thompson, Tibbats, Welter, \\ ent-
worth, Wheaton, Williams, Wilkins, Woodward, and Jo-
seph A. "Wright—105. .
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barringer, Beardslcy. Clmgman,
Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Garrett Da\ is, Deberry, Mlf',
Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot, Frick, Giddmgs Willis
Green, GrMer, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Jo-
seph R. Inirersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Darnel
P King Mcllvaine, Marsh, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Tsewton,
Patterson, Charles M. Read, Rogers, Schenck, Senter.
Severance, Albert Smith, Stephens, Thomasson, Tilden
Tyler, Vanmeter, Vinton, White, and Winthrop—47.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on the Rules
of the House, desired leave to make a report, in
order that it might be printed. It was objected to.
And on motion by Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, the
House then went into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, Mr. Davis of Indiana in
the chair; and the committee proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill introduced by Mr. Ingersoll
for refunding
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. BARNARD being entitled to the floor, rose
and said: As his time was somewhat limited, he
would endeavor to make the best possible use of
what he had. And he would go, therefore, directly
into the discussion of the merits of the bill. I he
bill was demanded by the person for whose relief *it
was intended, and by his friends, as nearly as he
could understand it, upon two grounds. 1 he hrst
was, that, without reference or regard to the tact
.whether martial law was m existence or not, the
fine was imposed illegally—the judge having no au-
thority to enforce it; and also that it was enforce^ vin-
dictively—the j udge having acted in his his own cause.
The other .ground was, that Generar Jackson had
committed no offence whatever against the Constitu-
tion and the laws of the country, or .against the pub-
lic authorities; because he himself had suspended all
other authority by the declaration of martial law,
which he regarded as being required by the necessi-
ty of the case, of which necessity he was the sole.
exclusive, and irresponsible judge.
These were the true grounds on which it was
demanded that the fine imposed upon General
Jackson should be—not remitted—that was not the
word—but paid back. Now, in regard to the first
ground. Supposing that the civil law still resigned
in New Orleans, the authority of the judge to im-
pose the fine was unquestionable. Tf ,,.QC,
The law of contempts was well settled, it was
not a part of the common law, and,!*s su?h, 1°i'no
force in the United States courts That he held to
be the great error committed by the able and intelli-
gent gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O. J. 1 
GERsoLi,] in the ponderous book he had favored
them with on the subject. It was m no
common law that the power to Pums'\
was given; but that power was inherent in the con
stitution of every court of justice, as it wa*
in the constitution of every legislative body. On
this subject, he should not stop to read authority,
but would refer the House to the case decided i 
the Supreme Court of the United States, after Kfta-
ture deliberation and solemn argument, ■tvheijs tlie
principle he laid down was established. He rpfctrpd
to the case of Anderson and Dunn in this House.
It was also perfectly known to every lawyer in the
country that this power in the courts was concur-
rent with and regulated by statute. In the judiciary
act, passed the first year the Government, went mto
operation, the power to punish contempts was given
to the courts. In a subsequent law, passed after
the famous case of Judge Peck, that power was reg-
ulated and defined by statute. No®') W contend*"
that the power exercised by Judge Hall was not
only within tlie authority inherent in the courts,
but within the authority of the act of 1789, as wellas
of the law regulating the power to punish contetaspts,
which he had last referred to.
In order fully to understand the case, it was ne-
cessary to know that the United States court was
holding its regular sessions in the city of New Or-
leans when, on the 5th of March, a citizen of Loui-
siana and of the United States, (not a soldier,) was
arrested by tlie military order of General Jackson,
and placed under military confinement. An appli-
cation was made to Judge Hall, (the arrest having
been made on Sunday,) and on the next day he
caused the issue of the great writ of habeas corpus,
without which great writ no citizen on the face of
the earth ever has been, or will be, free. The J udge,
however, directed, as an act of courtesy to General
Jackson, that notice should be given to him. Notice *
was given, and immediately another military order
was issued by the General, and that wa* for the ar-
rest of Judge Hall. This order was accordingly
executed. A troop of sixty men, commanded by a
field officer, entered on this duty of arresting the
Judge of one of the courts of the United States.; aad
he was arrested and confined. On the same Sunday
night, General Jackson seized and forcibly detained
the order of the Judge endorsed on the back of the
writ, supposing that, by this summary and bold
transaction, he would be able to prevent further pro-
ceedings. The clerk who had this in his possession
remonstrated, and told tlie General that it was the
order of the court that no paper should go out of his
office on any account. On the next day, the writ
was served by tlie marshal; when General Jackson
told him significantly that he had already shopped
the Judge, and would serve in the same way any
man who invaded his camp. Judge Hall was iept
prisoner till the following Saturday or Sunday;
when, under another military order, he _was taken
from his confinement and marched off, with a
guard of a file of soldiers, some four or five
miles up tlie country above New Orleans, ana
then set at liberty, with directions not to appear at
New Orleans again until the end of the war, or until
official intelligence was received of peace. On the
22d of March, peace having been restored, Judge
Hall returned to the city, and immediately opened
his court, when application was made, by proper
depositions, for a rule against General Jackson to
show cause why he should not be punished for con-
tempt of the court. On the 27th, General Jackson
appeared in court, and presented that somewhat
famous defence which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania referred to. It was his summary mode of
conducting a defence in a court of law; he had mis-
taken the time and mode of making his defence, ana
Judge Hall refused to receive and record the paper.
He was right in so doing. But let us (said Mr. B.)
see for a moment whether the J udge condiwted
in an arbitrary and illiberal manner m refusing to re-
ceive the paper. He laid down Certain rules for &e
governmentPofthis case. 1st.
to the jurisdiction, the court was ready hear. 2d.
If the party offered to submit an argument to show
that no contempt was offered, the court was ready
to hear-. 3d. And if the party would offer an apol-
ogy for his conduct, the courtwm ready to h^r.
The attachment having issued, and GeneralJackson
appearing, certain interrogatories were propounded
to^him, which he refusef to answer; and he was
fined #1 000. There was another great mistake
committed in the pamphlet of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. [Here the honorable gentleman
having turned his back on the reporter, addressed
himself to the gentleman from Pennsylvania; ten-
dering it impossible for the reporter to hear him.
Thispart of his remarks is consequently omitted.]
But he would pass on to a more important subject.
The other branch of tlie gentleman's pamphlet made
out that General Jackson waa guilty of no offence
