106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
cotton goods will yield as much revenue as any
higher duty. To be more specific, I will assume
that, under a revenue duty of 20 per cent, on foreign
manufactured cottons, the amount of 20 millions
would be imported into the United States, on which
a duty of 20 per cent, would yield a revenue to the
government of four millions of dollars; and that
every senator shall be satisfied that a. duty of 40
per cent, would yield precisely the same amount of
■ revenue, and no more, prohibiting half the imports
that would come in if the duty were only 20 per
cent.
Now I ask the Senate which of these is the true
revenue duty—that of 20 per cent., yielding four
millions of revenue, or that ©f 40 per cent., yielding
the same amount of revenue, and imposing double
the amount of burdens on the people? It seems - to
me impossible that any human mind can hesitate be-
tween the two duties. It is self-evident, on the sup-
posed hypothesis that 20 of the 40 per cent, duty
could be imposed with no other design, certainly
with no other effect, than to levy a contribution of
20 per cent, on the mass of the people, to supply a
protective bounty of 20 per cent, to the manufac-
turers.
But I have conceded too much in the above hy-
pothesis; for every practical merchant will sustain
the assertion, that 20 per cent will yield more rev-
enue than 40. But what do you say, sir, to that im-
mense and incalculable amount of manufactures con-
sumed principally by the middle and poorer classes
of the people of the United States, upon which the
duty is not merely 40, but 70, 80, 100, 120, 180 per
cent. Sir, it is worth while to explain, a little in de-
tail, the true character of the law which exhibits so
fair and yet so false a front—promising revenue and
producing prohibition. A large proportion of the
prints and calicoes consumed in the United States,
and of which every female of the middle and poorer
classes is a consumer, cost, in Manchester, from six
to twelve cents a yard; but they are charged with du-
ties of from 75 to 150 per cent, by the ingenious con-
trivance of an artificial and false valuation. These
articles are used by the wives and daughters of every
farmer, planter, and laborer in the United States,
who have no false pride to prevent it; and it is difficult
to estimate the immense quantity which would be
imported and consumed under a moderate duty.
But when these articles come to the custom-house,
the importer is required to pay from 2 § to 5 times
their original cost; not to raise revenue, but to ex-
clude them altogether, and give the domestic man-
ufacturers the exclusive right to supply the market
at their own prices.
But I now come, sir, to the question, Is this a
revenue tariff? If the senate can be satisfied that an
average rate of 20 per cent, duty would yield more
revenue than the existing duties, can they, con-
sistently with their constitutional power—with any
principle of sound policy-—and without violating
the principles of everlasting justice, permit their
statute-book to be longer tarnished by a law impo-
sing these unrighteous burdens, not for the legitimate
purpose of raising revenue, but for taking money
out of the pockets of one class of the community
and putting it into those of another. But, sir, an
idea has got abroad—and I am sorry to say that
many of the friends of free trade have been deceived
and betrayed by it, as many patriot-soldiers have
been by the holding out of false colors—an idea has
obtained currency, that, although you cannot impose
duties for any other purpose but that of revenue, vet
you may rightfully impose revenue duties, "with a
wise discrimination, for ihe protection of domestic
manufactures." Sir, this is a part of the new sys-
tem of tactics to which the manufacturers have
found it necessary to resort. They say one thing,
and mean another. What do they mean by "aioise
discrimination?" Obviously a discrimination that
will exclade imports, and diminish revenue. "A wise
discrimination!" Pray what is your whole system of
revenue—levied, as it is, exclusively from duties on
imports —but an enormous discrimination in favor
of the manufacturers and their confederates, and
against all other classes?
A duty of 20 per cent, on foreign imports, while
no corresponding duty is imposed upon the domestic
manufactures with which the foreign come in com-
petition, would be the most unequal system of tax-
ation that exists in the whole civilized world, even if
all protective duties were repealed. Yet we have made
up our minds to submit to this system of unequal tax-
ation, by which the whole manufacturing interest is
not only excepted from taxes, but receives enormous
bounties, by means of the duti«s imposed for rev-
enue. And it is in the face of all this that statesmen
gravely talk of revenue duties, with a wise discrim-
ination in favor of domestic manufactures! I now
propose to explain my view of "a wise discrimina-
tion!" It seems to be a very prevailing idea, that the
South insists upon the system of horizontal duties.
Now, sir, this a very great mistake. For myself, I
insist that discriminations are proper and necessary,
with reference strictly to considerations of revenue.
In my opinion, two kinds of discrimination belong
properly to our system of revenue. The first
us, to impose the highest rate of duties upon
those imports which will yield a given amount
of revenue with the least burden to the people.
The second is, to impose the highest rate of
duties upon articles consumed by the wealthy, and
the lowest upon those consumed by the poOT. Now,
sir, the simple application of those two principles—
the justice and policy of which would seem to be al-
most self-evident—'frould reverse the whole system
of your legislation on this subject. For whereas
you lay a duty of 150 per cent, on coarse fabrics,
and only 30 per cent, on the finer qualities, I
would impose a duty of 25 per cent, on the more
costly fabrics, and only 15 upon the inferior qual-
ities. This would be a discrimination that would
increase revenue, and at the same time diminish the
hardens of the poor instead of increasing the boun-
ties of the rich.
The other kind of discrimination, having in view
the largest revenue with the least burden, requires
that a lower rate of duty should be imposed upon
imported commodities which come in competition
with domestic manufactures, than upon articles the
like of which are not produced in the United States.
Fine silks, fine muslins, tea and coffee, are commod-
ities not produced in the United States. If you im-
pose a duty of 20 per cent, on twenty millions of
these imports, it will yield a revenue of $4,000,000,
and impose just that burden, and no more, upon the
people. But if you impose a duty of 20 per cent,
on twenty millions of cotton manufacturers, you
raise the same amount ($4,000,000) of revenue, and
impose a burden of $12,800,000 on the people. This
results from the fact that for every dollar's worth
of manufactures you import, there are two dollars'
worth of domestic manufactures of which the price
is enhanced 20 per cent, by the duty imposed upon
the foreign. All this would occur under a mere rev-
enue system of duties. It will be perceived, then,
that a revenue of $4,000,000 raised by duties on fine
silks, muslins, tea and coffee, would produce only
one-third of the burden which would result from
the same amount of revenue raised by duties on cot-
ton manufactures.
There is another reason for this discrimination
on revenue principles. A lower rate of duty will
exclude imports of cotton manufactures, for which
we have domestic substitutes, than will be re-
quired to exclude imports for which we have no
substitutes. A duty of 40 per cent, would produce
more revenue than 20, on fine silks, muslins, tea
and coffee; but not half so much on the coarser cot-
ton manufactures. So much for "a wise dicrimi-
nation."
Inow beg leave ta presentan estimate which I have
made, from a most careful examination of statis-
tical returns, furnished by the manufacturers them-
selves to the officers who took the census of 1840,
showing the aggregate burden imposed upon the
people of the United States by the protective system,
as it is embodied in the act of 1842. It is now ascer-
tained at the treasury that the duty-paying im-
ports under that act, the first year after its passage,
amounted to only $40,000,000.
There are annually made in the United States
protected manufactures to the amount of about
$160,000,000. Of these, I estimate that about
$80,000,000 are now, and long have been, totally
prohibited by high protective duties; and there is no
standard for estimating the burden imposed upon
the people of the United States by the duties which
have excluded them. I assume, however, that $80,-
000,000 of these manufactures come in competition
with foreign imports.
The forty millions of imports, assuming the duties
to average 40 per cent., will yield a revenue of $16,-
000,000; while eighty millions of domestic manufac-
tures, with which the foreign come in competition, are
of course enhanced in price 40 per cent, by the import
duties. What, then, is the burden imposed upon
the country in the shape of bounties to home
manufacturers? I do not say 40 per cent., be-
becaucc 20 per cent, on the import is an im-
position of duty for revenue; but all beyond that
is for protection, and extends to at least eighty mil-
lions of domestic manufactures, on which the pro-
tective duty is thirty-two millions, in addition to eight
millions on the imports—making, in the whole,"
forty millions; while X think it reasonable to infer
that the other eighty millions of articles totally
prohibited are enhanced in price at least 10 per cent.;
that is, by reduced duties, they would^be reduced
in price 10 per cent., amounting to an annual burden
of |8,000,000. Thus, in addition to the burden
you impose to furnish revenue for the government,
you impose a burden of $48,000,000 annually for
the exclusive benefit of the manufacturers.
Now, sir, these are what I consider plain, practi-
cal deductions from authentic documents and ele-
mentary principles too clear to be controverted; and I
feel assured that the burdens of the protective sys-
tem are not over-estimated.
I shall now proceed to show what are the neces-
sities of the manufacturers, forthe enormous amount
of bounties annually extorted from the mass of
the people, by the tariff of 1842. I have made a
careful calculation, showing the annual dividends
received by the various descriptions of manufac-
turers, upon the capital invested, and you will be
utterly astonished when I state the result And I
ask your attention while I show you the deplorable,
distressed, and impoverished condition of these man-
ufacturers, who came here in 1842, begging for more
bounties. And I think X shall be able to show that "
one half of the 40 per cent, upon the whole amount
of their productions,* which the people of the
United States annually contribute, is about the clear
profit they put in their pockets. I will state the
facts and principles of my calculation, in order that,
if I have made any mistake, or left out any ele-
ment in estimating the cost of production, their
friends and representatives here may put me right.
The returns of the manufacturers, contained in the
eensus of 1840, give the annual amount of their
productions, the number of persons employed, and
the amount of capital invested. I will state my
mode of estimating their annual profits. In cotton
manufactures, I have supposed the raw material
constituted one-fourth of the price of the article
manufactured. The number of persons em-
ployed, is stated by the manufacturers them-
selves. I have supposed that, large and small,
they received half a dollar a day, as wages, or about
$150 a year each. I have allowed 10 per ce t. for wear
and tear of machinery—and I presume, one with ano-
ther, that is a fair allowance—and I have added one-
fourth to the permanent investment, as the circula-
ting capital necessary to keep each establishment in
operation. I will now state the results. The man-
sfacturers of cotton in Massachusetts are now re-
alizing an average profit of 35 per cent, per annum
on the capital invested—permanent and circulating.
But I have been informed that some of these manu-
facturers have actually divided 40 per cent. The
eotton manufacturers of Massachusetts, however,
realize larger profits than any others—the general
average in all the States not exceeding 29 per cent.
The profit on woollen manufactures, estimating the
raw material at one-half the cost of manufacture, is 29
per cent, on the capital. The profit on cast and rolled
iron (and I want the attention of my friend from
Pennsylvania to what I state) is 34 per cent, on the
invested capital. The number of tons of iron annually
produced is stated in the returns, but not the value;
and I have assumed, in my calculation, that it is
worth the first cost of English iron, with the duty
added, making about 2 cents a pound.
[Mr. Buchanan, from his seat, said: A great many
of them have stopped within the last two years, not-
withstanding.]
That (said Mr. McD.) is certainly distressing; but
if they have long received dividends of 34 per cent.,
they can well afford to stop.
On salt, the profits on the capital invested amount
to 20 per cent.; but the salt works in Virginia, if the
returns are correct, are yielding the incredible profit
of 85 per cent., upon the supposition that salt can be
sold for 25 cents a bushel at the works, which I
have assumed, in the absence of positive information.
I have thus, Mr. President, attempted to exhibit
the enormous burdens imposed on the people of the
United States, and to show into whose pockets you
are putting the enormous bounties derived from
them. The grand result of the whole is, that contri-
butions to the annual amount of $32,000,000 beyond
what would result from revenue duties, are extorted
from the people by the act of 1842, which the bill o 
your table proposes to modify.
