92
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
against the Constitution and the laws, because he
had suspended the laws by proclaiming martial law
from the necessity of the case; and of that necessi-
ty he was the sole judge, his responsibility being
only to the people. This was what General Jack-
son himself said in his defence which he offered to
the court. [Mr. B. read some extracts, supposed
to be from the defence of General Jackson, the pur-
port of which the reporter could not hear.] The
Constitution gave Congress authority to pass laws
for the regulation of the armies of the United States;
and under that, Congress had passed laws for the
government of the army and navy, and the militia.
That code was applicable to the officers and
soldiers, and to the militia when in service,
but it was not applicable to any other human being.
Congress itself could not proclaim martial law. It
might suspend the habeas corpus act, but it could
not suspend the Constitution. Ajiroclamation of
martial law by the Congress of the United States
would, of itself, be a violation of the Constitution.
Congress could not authorize the citizens of the
United States to be tried by martial law; least of all
' could it authorize a citizen to be tried as a spy. This
was what General Jackson undertook to do. He
not only suspended the habeas corpus act, but
he claimed the right of suspending all civil au-
thority. In England, under the reign of the Stuarts,
this sort of martial law did exist, to a limited extent.
The Kings of England, prior to that reign, were
in the habit of raising armies and prescribing rules
for their government, and authorizing courts mar-
tial. They went one step further; and in case of
treason or rebellion, authorized the trial of citizens
by martial law. But, in 1688, it was, by the dec-
laration in the bill of rights,^ m express terms, put an
end _ to. After that, the lung was no more to raise
armies but by the consent of Parliament; no more
to prescribe rnles and regulations for the govern-
ment of the army; and no more, from that time
forever, to subject citizens, no matter for what treason
or rebellion, to trial by courts martial. It was un-
der the Constitution of the United States that the
first example of such a trial was set by General
Jackson.
He contended that the United Status Constitution
contemplated the subjection of the military to the
civil power; and he denied that the act of General
Jackson was justified by any necessities of the case.
He admitted that, under certain circumstances—as
in ease of an insurrection—the habeas corpus might
be suspended; but he denied that General Jackson
had the power jto proclaim martial law. It was not
competent for a general, in the defence of American
soil, to force citizens into the service. He was
bound to defend the soil with soldiers and with
militia; and if he could not do so with that force, ho
must yield; for he could not force any free citizen
into the service of the country.
But New Orleans was never invaded; and the bat-
tle of New Orleans was fought some distance below
the city: thus there was not only no invasion, but
no insurrection. He proceeded to recapitulate other
facts and circumstances to show that General Jack-
son was not authorized to take the course he had
pursued, until the expiration of his hour; when he
gave way, with an intimation that he should avail
.himself of another opportunity to finish his re-
marks.
Mr. DAWSON then* addressed the committee as
follows:
Mr. Chairman: It was my ardent wish to have seen
this bill passed without discussion. But as I have
been disappointed in my desire, I cannot resist the
impulse to join in this debate. It is natural, and I
believe fortunate for the public welfare, that our
statesmen should entertain honest differences of opin-
ion. Every freeman m the land has a right to think
and act for himself. He has a right to choose which
side he we will take on every public or national sub-
ject of debate; but he has no right to insult, or abuse,
or to vituperate those who stand opposed to
him in opinion. I am disposed to respect and toler-
ate every man's opinions so long as he is decorous
and sincere; and I claim the same indulgence in
my own behalf.
I am a party man, in the strictest and most com-
prehensive sense of the term. I am opposed to all
neutral ground. I wish to see party lines distinctly
drawn, and well understood. With this candid con-
fession, I now ask, if there is an honorable member in
thisHouse who will rise in his place and conscientious-
ly say that he considers this a party question? No;
insensible, cold, and icy would be the heart that
would make such a response. The heart that would
make such a response would view every noble,
daring, and patriotic act, as insanity; would treat all
the warm and generous affections of the soul as illu-
sions; and would view with pity, if not with con-
tempt, the warm imagination and tender sensibilities
of genius. No; we are about to call up around us
the pleasing recollections of by-gone days. We
are about to discharge a debt to the patriot, hero,
and sage. We are not called upon to bind the
wreath of military glory and renown around his
aged brow; but to do an act. of justice to a wounded
spirit, now almost spent, and fast sinking into the
tomb. In mercy he continues to burn like a lamp
on the altar of freedom; and I trust that he will live
to hear a nation's voice of gratitude, before its light
expires forever. Let nse entreat you, humbly, but
sincerely, not to hesitate. Surely there is no virtue
that bears a lovelier aspect, or breathes a purer fra-
grance, than gratitude—a nation's gratitude. It
chastens vice, it guides virtue, and gives at once a
grace and government to genius. No; this is no
party question. In the heat and acrimony of party
strife and political struggle, Truth may be drifted
from the splendid circle in which she is wont to
shine, into the comet maze of error. But we are
called upon to commemorate recollections that are
written upon the tablets of the human heart as with
the finger of God! And we should never prove tired
of listening to the truths that gave triumph to our
arms in the darkest hour of our gloom. They will
always be as the garment of good repute; bright as
the sacred vestment of the holy prophet, glittering
with heavenly light.
jBy way of preface to my intended remarks, I ad-
mit that I have my full portion of State pride. I
am enamored of my State, and of her noble institu-
tions, and of the brave and generous character of its
inhabitants. In none other of this splendid galaxy
of Commonwealths are the labors of industry bet-
ter rewarded, or the spirit of enterprise more suc-
cessful. With a climate equally favorable to health,
and to the growth of products regarded of prime
necessity throughout the globe, and reared, too, on a
soil of inexhaustible fertility, what splendid visions
of future wealth and prosperity have we not a right
to indulge from a wise and judicious application of
the means and resources within our reach? Pene-
trated by a stream which has already become the
great thoroughfare of nations, and intersected by
others tributary only in use and convenience to this
great parent of waters, it is filling up with a popula-
tion distinguished for its industry, intelligence, free-
dom of opinion, liberality of sentiment, and capable,
from these moral and local advantages, of taking and
maintaining an imposing stand in the Union at no
distant day. I am proud of the sacrcd plains that
have immortalized my native land. I am proud of
our crescent city. I am grateful to a kind Provi-
dence that my home is on the banks of that mighty
and majestic river that pours her broad and deep and
rapid current onward to the gulf.
These blessings, Mr. Chairman, have been pre-
served and maintained to us and our children by the
spirit of a wonderful man—Andrew Jackson. Gal-
lant spirit! He stands before the world a spectacle
of moral greatness—vast in his intellectual endow-
ments, stupendous in his calm and invincible couiage:
in peace, as gentle as the morning breeze; in war, as
fearless and irresistible as the spirit of the mountain
storm.
No; this is no party question. The honor of every
citizen of the United States is at stake. Every
lover of freedom should come forward, and prompt-
ly rebuke the axiom that republics are ungrateful.
We are about to commemorate a nation's glory—to
offer up thanksgiving upon the common altar of our
country. The victory of one State is a nation's
glory. The heroes, patriots, and sages of the
North, are as dear to me as those of the South. In
my heart, there is no distinction. May fame, honor
renown, and happiness, be the portion of the twenty-
six constellations that sparkle like diamonds in the
American horizon. I would throw a girdle of love
around the whole; and would say, palsied be the
arm, and motionless the tongue, that would aim to
dissever one of the smallest of the ligaments that bind
us together. We have exhibited to an admiring
world, for more than half a century, the moral
grandeur of our civil and religious institutions.
May we continue onward our glorious march
until its genial influence shall pervade the habitable
globe.
( The question now to be considered is, was not
General Jackson justifiable in proclaiming martial
law, and making New Orleans his camp? We are
not called upon to inquire whether Judge Hall
acted towards him in error of judgment, or with a
malignant or vindictive temper? No; the true and
only question is, was not General Jackson com-
pelled, by the force of circumstances that surrounded
him, to proclaim martial law, and to make the city
of New Orleans his camp? I admit that martial law
should be proclaimed with great prudence, and only
in cases of imperative necessity; and always at the
peril of the commanding officer. And now, I con-
fidently ask if a case has ever occurred, since the
sun first threw his beams athwart the gloom pro-
found, which made martial law more imperative,
more absolutely unavoidable? Is there around me a
mind so contracted—a heart so dead to all deeds of
daring and valor, of honor and patriotism, as to
pause and hesitate whether Judge Hall should have
been permitted to have lost us the advantages and
renown of the glorious victories of Clialmette? 1 ask
every candid man here, if Judge Hall's support of
Louallier, "under all the circumstances, was not un-
patriotic and uncalled for? Intention to err consti-
tutes crime; an error of judgment constitutes no
guilt. Now I appeal to every well-regulated mind
and generous heart, and ask if General Jackson was
not actuated by patriotic feelings in the defence of
New Orleans, and in guarding against attack after
his victory? An error of judgment, then, should
have received the mildest rebuke. The supremacy
of the civil law would have been as nobly sustained
by a nominal fine, as it was by a fine of $1,000. The
law needed no victim; the punishment was cruel
and oppressive. It aimed its blow at the individual,
and not at the victorious General who was ac-
cused of having merited its censure. In the lan-
guage of the honorable member from Alabama,
[Mr. Payne,] he had closed a disastrous war in a
blaze of glory. He had saved a noble city from ruin,
and her grateful citizens ere calling down bless-
ings on his devoted head. The fine of $1,000 was
cruel and vindictive; and the nation should long
since have repaired this act of injustice on the part
of her misguided officer. There is nothing in the
history of this case which can tempt future officers
to a similar hazard. Justice has been so tardy, that
all must feel that the long and useful and distin-
guished life of General Jackson has alone awakened
the nation to a sense of its ingratitude. Little minds
are incapable of such noble daring m their country's
cause; and the exercise of such a power can only
be sustained in a just cause. But I hear the cry of
a violated Constitution. Whence comes this
cry? Surely, such devoted patriots, such lovers
of the Constitution, are not the advocates of a na-
tional bank; of a high protective tariff; of national
internal improvements; of a distribution of the pro
ceeds of the public lands, and of the abolition of
slavery in the South? If so, I bid them remember
the fate of "the fellow who swallowed the broad-
axe, but got choked with the handle." Their death
may be like his! They remind me of the self-right-
eous Pharisee, who "strained at a gnat and swal-
lowed a camel." It does not add to the merits of
the claim of General Jackson by attaching blame or
censure to any one. I do not desire to do so.
For the sake of the argument, I will admit that Judge
Hall and Louallier may both have acted very con-
scientiously. It is certain, however—certain with-
out a loop to hang a doubt upon—that General Jack-
son acted like a master spirit, a: great captain, and
the unflinching and devoted lover of his country.
If ever an emanation from the all-good Being anima-
ted a human form, it was his during the defence of
New Orleans. Gallant spirit ! He has proved
himself his country's benefactor and the patriot's
model: may his example be as lasting as the base
of our mountains and the flowing of our rivers; that
virtue, honor, valor, and honesty, are the only sure
guides to honor and renown in our fair republic.
I would that I could impart to you my feelings as
I stood on the ruins of the Fort Barrancas, on the
bay of Pensacola, and at the fort above the town of
Pensacola, a few years since, and reflected upon the
military genius and character of this truly wonder-
ful and extraordinary man. In the midst of this
sa dy waste, during a most inclement winter—such
as had never before been witnessed in that country—
he commenced his march late in November, with
his troops worn down by fatigue, hunger, and pri-
vation, for the defence of New Orleans. He had
fought his way through the Indians to the Gulf of
Mexico, and had forced the Indians to sue for peace.
He had taken Pensacola, and driven the British out
to sea. And it was here, for the first time, that he
became convinced that New Orleans was the in-
