(Congressional globe.
tended point of attack. An ordinary mind would
have shrunk appalled, and have yielded up the
task in despair. Seven hundred miles of an ex-
posed coast were to be defended. No means were
Before him, except of his own creating. His indom-
itable spirit felt equal to the task. His energies
Seemed to rise as the storm thickened around him.
He left Mobile on the 21st of November, and reach-
ed Covington, on Lake Pontchartrain, on the night of
the 1st of _ December, accompanied alone by his aid,
Major Reid, after several days of forced marching.
Late at night he was about to snatch a hasty sleep,
when he was aroused by hearing Commodore Shields
fighting on the lake. Shields was as brave a sol-
dier as ever walked the stormy deck, or mocked the
battle's din. This was an accident worthy of all
consideration. No doubt now remained that the
enemy were at had. He seemed gifted with pow-
ers of ubiquity; and, even with a shattered constitu-
tion, his body seemed insensible to fatigue. He
reached New Orleans on the 2d; and in five days
and nights, without sleep, or rest, or repose, he had
surveyed our coast, repaired and manned our forts,
organized our militia, established armories, and was
prepared for defence—evincing an energy and mili-
tary forecast unequalled in the history of the world.
Gallant spirit! may the evening of his days be as
calm and composed as his former life has been bril-
iant and glorious.
General Jackson's arrival in New Orleans was
hailed with that delight with which the tempest-toss-
ed mariner views the sight of land, after all hope
was lost. All eyes were turned on him, as the only
hope. All before was confusion and despair. But
now, brave and gallant men rallied to his banner.
His very presence elicited every latent spark of
courage in the land. He was entreated and urged
to make the city his camp. The most noble and
patriotic feelings pervaded and actuated those noble
and heroic men who rallied under their country's
banner in this hour of darkness and of gloom.
Every one of those brave men felt the importance of
his station, and gloried in being considered the de-
fender of his fellow-citizens, and the avenger of his
country's wrongs. But one feeling prevailed among
those heroic men—confidence in their General, ana
devotion to their country's weal. All united in ma-
king the city a military camp. Humanity, as well
as necessity, demanded it. The citizen soldiers
were thereby permitted to enjoy, in a great degree,
their ordinary comforts of home, until the trumpet
summoned them to the battle-field. The property
of the citizens was preserved; and no act of oppres-
sion or violence was felt or complained of. The
Governor, the Legislature, the judges, the city au-
thorities, and the magistrates, were permitted to
continue undisturbed their ordinary functions. Even
the amusements of the city were undisturbed. Gen-
eral Jackson, in making the city his camp, estab-
lished martial law ex necessitati; and it was what
the citizens all desired. It was just what the Legis-
lature and proper authorities should have done, if he
had been absent. The people of Louisiana approved
of General Jackson's conduct then; and they do so
still. He received their votes three times for the
Presidency, although it is well known that the poli-
tics of the State were against him. But the honora-
ble member from New York [Mr. Barnard] has
roundly asserted, "We have now before us the only
instance m the history of this country, since the
adoption of the Constitution, of the proclamation of
martial law." Is there a member in this House
who does not know that General Wilkinson de-
clared martial law at New Orleans in 1806 and 1807,
during Burr's conspiracy? He gagged our presses,
and imprisoned our citizens, and shipped them to
Richmond, Virginia, at his will and pleasure. He
defied Judge Hall, and refused to notice his writ of
habeas corpus, precisely as General Jackson did.
Judge Hall never dared to bring him to trial for this
offence. Judge Martin then approved of the Gen-
eral's conduct, as resulting from the law of neces-
sity. I do not desire to censure any one in all this,
but simply state the facts, for public consideration
and reflection. I could mention other instances; but
this is more than sufficient to prove that the honora-
ble member from New York spoke without reflec-
tion. Hall, Louallier, and Martin, were all Euro-
peans. General Jackson was a native of South
Carolina, and will carry on his honorable body, to
the tomb, the scars received in the American Revo-
lution.
"Look here upon this picture, and oil this."
"Ph! shame, where is thy Mush?'
The honorable member from New York also re-
marked that "Washington City was also attacked."
As for my single self, I would freely forget and con-
ceal the fact and the results. General Jackson,
without martial law, would have defended this city
with the boys and women, if he had been here.
I repeat, Louisiana approved of General Jack-
son's conduct then; and she does so still; the evidence
of which is before you, and cannot be denied. But
to return. When martial law was declared, a sense
of necessity compelled our citizens to submit to their
sufferings in that dark and portentous hour which
tried men's souls. A proud and haughty enemy were
before them. Their homes, their wives and chil-
dren, their nearest and dearest relatives—in short,
everything near and dear to them was at hazard.
They were brave men, and the enemy was to be
met. A noble city and a rich territory were at stake.
Their aged parents, their wives, their daughters,
their sisters, and their helpless children, were all
holding up to them their supplicating hands for pro-
tection from a licentious soldiery; and, undismayed,
they resolved to fight until the flesh was hacked
from their bones, and the sword was preying upon
their very vitals, in their defence.
The army at New Orleans was mostly composed
of militia, one thousand of whom were Louisianians.
Those who were not so fortunate as share the glory
of the battles, were in service at some post of danger
and exposure; and it should be proudly remem-
bered that, in all their trials and privations, they
evinced the patience and perseverance of veteran
soldiers. It might have been expected that they
would have borne with impatience the severe disci-
pline of a camp, and that frequent punishments
would have taken place; but no such thing oc-
curred. Not a single military punishment was in-
flicted. In the midst of the horrors of war, hu-
manity dwells with delightful complacency on the
recital of such noble traits. It soothes the heart
under the pressure of adversity, and diverts the
mind from the contemplation of those ills which we
can neither avoid nor entirely remedy. It would be
idle in me to attempt a further justification of the
establishment of martial law at New Orleans. It
was justified by imperative necessity. Humanity
demanded it. Can any candid man avow that New
Orleans could have been saved without martial law,
or if any one single step taken by General Jackson
had been omitted. No: he was an instrument
in the hands of Heaven, and his success seemed the
chance of destiny. In the words of the immortal
Grundy, "it was upon the proud banks of the
mighty Mississippi that American freemen met, and
fought, and conquered the conquerors of the con-
queror of the world. It was upon the glorious
plains of Chalmette that the American eagle took its
loftiest flight; and, uttering notes of highest exul-
tation, thence winged its course abroad to proclaim
to foreign powers what deeds of daring and of valcrr
freemen can perform when m dcfcnce of the beauty
and booty of their country."
General Jackson imparted a high and lofty sense
of hononr and noble and gallant chivalry throughout
his whole army. Previous to the 8th of January,
whenever our artillery had silenced that of the ene-
my, or forced his troops to retire, loud and repeated
huzzas rent the whole line. The most lively dem-
onstrations of joy were everywhere exhibited. It
was a sure presage of the fate of the ene-
my in the general conflict. How different was the
conduct of those brave, and generous, and gallant
men, after the ever-memorable battle of the 8th of
January was won! The roar of artillery and mus-
ketry gave place to the most profound silence.
Flushed with victory—having just repulsed an ene-
my who had come to scatter death in our ranks—
our soldiers saw, in the numerous corpses that strew-
ed the plain, only the unfortunate victims of war;
in the wounded and prisoners whom they hastened
to attend, unfortunate and suffering men; m their
vanquished enemies, brave men, worthy of a better
fate. Elated with success, but overwhelmed by a
generous sympathy for the unfortunate victims of
their master's ambition, they disdained to insult
them by an untimely exultation; and carefully ab-
stained from any demonstrations of joy, lest they
should wound the feelings of those whom the chance
ofbattle had placed in their hands. Such were Gen.
Jackson and his army! Gallant spirit! Instead of
being fined one thousand dollars, his applause should
have been written, as it were, across the blue arch of
heaven, in the brightest rays of the most beauteous
rainbow. He stands the living wonder of th« age.
Years have only increased his 4evotion to liberty/
His example, like the sun, is full"of light and glory..
Gallant spirit! In after ages, -when1 oar i&j*
dren's children shall read the story of heroes- who
have greatly dared in defence of their country;)
when their eyes glisten and their young hearts throb-
wildly with the kindling theme,—they will close the*
volume that speaks of their valor and renown, and
proudly and fondly exclaim, And we,. too, had our
Jlndrew Jackson.
Permit me here to read a short paragraph from.
Darby's letter to the Hon. H. A. Wise. I knew
him well m early boyhood; and his relations, spoken;
of in that communication as having faced the can~>
nan's mouth at New Orleans, are my neighbors and
friends.
I read now from the Democratic Review.
The noble speech of Col. Butler should be writ- '
ten in letters of gold, and placed in every man's
parlor throughout the land. It was a proud and
ennobling spectacle to see that gallant officer raising
his manly and eloquent voice in defence of his if-'
lustrious commander. We should hold our man-
hood cheap when those speak who fought on Chal-
mette's plains. An aged and most respectable and
most intelligent gentleman observed to me, on the
occasion, "Sir, if my life, reputation, or property,
were at stake, I would rather be defended by Col.
Butler than by any man living: he is put up right,
about the heart." 'Twas a merited compliment: he
treads a hero, and stands upon his feet every inch a
soldier.
Mr. Speaker, the almost united voice of a free
and generous people demands of us a speedy return,
of the fine imposed on Gen. Jackson by Judge
Hall. It must be obeyed. It is idle to resist it.
King Canute, the Dane, seated on the sea shore,
and ordering the rising waves to retire from his roy-
al feet, was not guilty of more arrogance and foily'
than we should evince, if we were to attempt to de-i
feat the public will. The people are mighty^. and
will prevail.
Mr. KENNEDY said he had hoped, when this
bill was first introduced, from the circumstances
with which the case was surrounded, that it would"
have passedjthe House without debate. It had been
debated for a long while; and he supposed, from the
expression of opinion which they nad already had*
from every portion of the Untted States, that they
would have nothing more to do than merely toact,
and, by that action, to carry out the will uf a grate-''
ful people. However, there were some persons'
upon that floor who were willing not only to arrest
the passage of the bill, but to taunt its advocates, as
had been done by a gentleman there, that they could
not lick it into such a shape as to enable it to pass
through'another branch of this Capitol. He did not
know what the gentleman meant by licking a meas-
ure into a palatable shape; but he would tell him
that, if he meant by it that they could not pass a'
censure upon the conduct of the Judge, he had no
disposition to lick the measure through the House.
For his own part, he was willing here, in his action
upon this floor, or any where else, to say, in the
face of the people of this country, that it was not - .
only an illegal, but a traitorous act. If this might be -
called licking, then he would be one to act in the way
which the gentleman called licking. He admitted thtre -
his feelings had been considerably exasperated ill te-"'
lation to this matter. The gentleman said they .were"
about to violate the Constitution, and to trample'
upon and treat with indignity the laws of the coun-
try. He despised the everlasting attempt to shidS
themselves by judicial and constitutional objections
which gentlemen resorted to, with so much perti-
nacity. The judicial department of this Govern-
ment was entitled to respect, so long as their con-
duct was respectable; but he could tell gentlemen
who were in the habit of worshipping the judiciary,
that it was as corrupt a branch as any belonging to
the Government of this country. He supposed that'
gentlemen would attribute his want of reverence for
the judiciary to the fact of his being a blacksmith; but
he could assure them, that it was not as a black-
smith, but as a practitioner in the courts, that he
had formed his opinions; and he would then assert
that he had seen the judiciary frequently attempting
to usurp an authority which did not belong to them.
So far from attempting to throw a judicial cloak
over all cases, he would treat it just as he conceived
it deserved to be treated. But it appeared they were
bound to make the bill such as the other branch of
Congress would be willing to receive. If he did not'
mistake, the other branch had heretofore passed the
