CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
He believed his constituents would rebuke him if he
gave such a vote; for he represented a constituency
that loved good order, that loved the Constitution,
•;and that loved the country, as well as the Constitu-
Jtion of the country, more than the fame and the glory
of any one or all distinguished men, whose deeds
'-are found recorded in the annals of the country.
■Other gentlemen might erect as many standards as
- they pleased, by which to guide themselves, and
.they might rally under whatever banners they
• chose; but he should adhere to the Constitution, and
to the injunctions of the Constitution. And whether
he were in a minority or a majority, he would place
no gentleman in a position to violate the Constitu-
tion, to favor a prevailing party majority.
He had submitted a few reflections, merely to
state the reasons by which he should be governed,
in casting his vote on this question. He bad not
attempted to go into the history of the case before
the House, but had simply given a few reasons which
would influence his actions; and he doubted not
many of his political friends would differ from him
on that point, as many from whom he differed po-
litically would agree with him on this particular
subject. He, however, had judged for himself; and
he left others to do so too.
Mr. DEAN did not propose to go into a histori-
cal account of this transaction, nor to discuss the
principles which had met with the attention of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard;] for
the law and the facts were well known in this coun-
try, having been long before the American people.
But when he heard the gentleman from New York
the other day ask the question whether martial law
had been declared, or whether it had been found
necessary to declare martial law for the defence of
Washington and Baltimore, and whether it was ne-
cessary to the salvation of the people of New Or-
leans, he was impressed with the necessity of ma-
king some observations. There was another remark
of the gentleman from New York which struck him
with some little force. The gentleman from New York
asked why this justice had been allowed so long to
slumber? Why this great party now in power, and
seeking to do justice to the old hero on this occa-
sion, had permitted that justice to slumber for one-
fourth of a century? He (Mr. D.) confessed that
this remark struck him with great force; it had
brought his mind back to a reflection on the fact that
this mighty nation was governed, or professed to be
governed, by principles of justice; and therefore he
concluded that it was, without a question, important
and binding on them to do justice to the reputation
of Andrew Jackson. He had been struck with pe-
culiar force by the question, why this subject had
not been disposed of before. He would, however,
remark to the gentleman from New York—who ask-
ed if justice had been allowed to slumber so long,
why was the question brought up now—that it had
been commanded by the American people, who had
been speaking in tones of thunder, that justice
should be done in this matter. They had heard the
voice of the people from the North and from the South,
from the East and from the West. If he mistook
not, there was scarcely a State in this Union which
had not spoken, from Maine to Louisiana; and
resolutions would be found on the table of the
House, instructing United States Senators, and
requesting the Representatives of the people to
take up this matter and see that justice was done to
General Jackson. Here, then, was an answer to the
inquiry of the gentleman from New York.
He had heard it remarked that this was not a
party question; and some gentlemen had deprecated,
in a beautiful strain, the intermixture of party feel-
ing in this matter. He believed some State Legis-
latures, in the passage of resolutions on this sub-
ject, had done so, irrespective of party; but the
gentleman from New York FMr. Barnard] had
made it a party question. He (Mr. D.) had to
confess that he was inclined to believe that it was
a party question. He could have wished that it
was not so; but, from his soul, he believed that it
was a party question; and that it distinctly marked
the lines between theJDemocrats and the Whigs,
as, in 1813,-'14,-'15, the lines were drawn between
the Democrats and the Federalists. If they went
back to the period of the transaction then in review,
they would find the Hartford Federalists coming to
this city to enforce a change of system <}nd a
submission; to British power. It was indis-
putably a party question, however much it
might be regretted; and they would scarcuy find an
ola Federalist, or a Northern Whig of the Federal
stamp, that was not raising hw voice against this
measure, and calling out for the protection of the
Constitution, and the preservation of the writ of
habeas corpus, as if no man of the opposite party had
any regard for the Constitution of the country. He
might hereafter give his views on the constitutional
question here said to be involved, but he would first
ask how the right of the habeas corpus was affected
by anything in this bill. If, when they saw that a
tyrannical and oppressive judge had trampled on
the rights of the citizen, and harassed him with a
written judgment, they did that citizen justice,
thereby obeying the voice of a mighty nation, how
did they affect the habeas corpus act? That was to
him a new-fangled doctrine.
But it was die remarks of the gentleman from
New York which induced him to express his views
at all upon the subject. He had intended to let it
pass by, conscious that the thing would be done,
and done correctly. But when the gentleman de-
manded why martial law had not been declared at
this place and at Baltimore, for the purpose of pro-
tecting those cities during the war, he could not
but reply that the cases' were entirely different.
Here there was no internal foe—no secret traitors
lurking in the camp. Each man came forth for the
defence of the country, ready and willing to offer
his life for the country's preservation. There was,
among those men who stood forth oil that occasion,
a patriotism which warmed, he trusted, the bosoms
of many within this nation. On that occasion, he
could say justly, that every man was a soldier, and
every soldier a hero. There was no necessity for
martial law; but, when they came to survey
the diastrous field of Bladensburg, their Capitol
wrapped in flames, and their army defeated,
wits it necessary to inquire whether martial law was
declared? He believed there were hundreds of Fed-
eralists who would have rejoiced to see New Or-
leans in the situation of the City of Washington.
But he would have rejoiced, had there boen some
man of noble daring—had the hero of New Orleans
himself been at Bladensburg; they would have seen
him rallying to the contest every man who was able
to bear arms; they would have seen him, rather than
yield an inch, opposing himself to the enemy's
ranks as long as life remained. If the enemy pre-
vailed over him, they would force their way only
over his lifeless body. It was to be regretted that
no man like General Jackson was here at that time,
to defend the capital of the country from the ruth-
less hand of a mercenary soldiery. He had had
some little experience in matters of that kind—he
had seen the tented field, and been in the array of
battle; and he knew, therefore, how to appreciate
the situation of a soldier when attacked by the ene-
my; and he was prepared at all times, and on all oc-
casionj, to honor those who were ready to stand
forward in the defence of their country. He
was gratified at the remark of the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Sudell,] on a former day,
that all those who had skulked ingloriously from the
field of battle at New Orleans were found to be op-
posed to the restoration of the fine to General Jack-
son, and justified the conduct of Judge Hall. He
was gratified to hear this fact stated by the gentle-
man in language which he believed carried convic-
tion to the mind of every man. Let it be kept in
view that the British army—that army which had
sacked the capital—that army which had disgraced
our arms, so far as defeat is disgrace;—that army,
swelled by a large accession of strength, and flushed
with victory, was drawn up on the plains of New
Orleans, before the city. He cared nothing about
dates or particulars. He would not go into the his-
tory of that transaction minutely, nor would it be
desirable. It was known already to every man,
woman, and child in the Union. He would not
presume that any one was a stranger to it; nor, as he
had seen stated in the newspapers, that even the
great and magnanimous State of Virginia had sent
legislators here to represent her, who probably did
not understand the history of that transaction. If
so, she certainly would never have instructed
her Senators and requested her Representa-
tives "to vote for the restoration of the fine.
He Believed that even one tolerably well un-
derstood the history of the case. Let us then,
(said Mr. Dean,) for a moment, contemplate the sit-
uation of affairs when that army was drawn up be-
fore the city of New Orleans. See Gen. Jackson
- drawing up and marshalling his troops, to meet the
enemy. See how he stamped the impress of his
mighty genius upon the whole transaction. He
displayed, as has been well said, tact, genius, ski",
( and a daring boldness, unequalled in the annals 01
any country. Look at the manner of his defence^—
how he substituted inanimate substances fiw'sol-
diers. What, sir, can be said in commendajtioh* of
the distinguished hero,' which he does not merit' • I
will leave his- fame where it is—for I can add noth-
ing to it by anything which I can say here-—and
proceed to the law by which the unjust and iniqui-
tous fine was imposed on the unoffending hero.
The gentleman from New York had argued that
any court in this country possesses the power to
punish for contempt. No one denied it; no one for
a moment called it in question. But the gentleman
had drawn a distinction between the common Jaw
and the power inherent in a court—a distinction too
fine and subtle for him to understand—a distinction,
he thought, without a difference.
The law, as set forth in the statute-book^ was sim-
ply declaratory of the common law of the land; It
was only declaratory of the power to punish for
contempt. What was that power? "rfiere were
two distinct provisions by which they were enabled
to punish for contempt: first, to punish for an insult
offered to the court, by which judicial proceedings
were disturbed; and in the next place, to punish a
person who had arrested the process or decree from'
the court; and unless they could bring the case of
General Jackson within one or other of these pro-
visions, how could they punish him for contempt'
[Mr. Dean here went into a statement of the cir-
cumstances attending the arrest of Judge Hall and
his expulsion from the camp—the issuing of process
by the Judge, the imposition of the fine upon Gen-
eral Jackson &c.]
The gentleman from New York had said that
Judge Hall was, at the time, holding a court.
Was this the fact' Was there ever before a pre-
tence that he was holding a court' There was
no lawyer within the hearing of his • voice
who would hazard his reputation upon the as-'
sertion that General Jackson was liable to pun-
ishment for contempt of court, upon the first ground'
that he had stated. There was only one other way
remaining, by which he could be liable for contempt
of court; and that was, upon the supposition that he
had obstructed the order or prooess of the court.
There was one fact, which he had omitted to state.
The process was made returnable at 11 o'clock; and
the sheriff swore that he did not execute ifantil the
afternoon. The execution of the process, therefore,
was a nullity. Who ever heard, except in the fa-
mous court of Dominick A. Hall, that a writ, after'
its return, was binding? It was a new doctrine—a
doctrine that was recognised in no court that' he
had any knowledge of. But it was contended that,
on the night of the 5th, at 12 o'clock, General Jack-
son took the petition, and the order founded thereon,
out of the hands of Claiborne; and because he did
that, he was liable to be punished for obstructing
the process of the court. How was the fact' Gen-'
eral Jackson gave Claiborne a certified transcript;
and he went on and issued the writ. If so, how aid-
General Jackson obstruct the process of the court'
He did not wonder that Judge Dominick A. Hall,
when that wicked and corrupt judge brought before
him the venerable hero, and when he saw the crowd-
gathering about, to see what would be the issue,—he
did not wonder that he trembled.
He had passed rapidly over the subject; but in
passing, he must be permitted to say a single word
m regard to martial law. The gentleman from New
York had read to them General Jackson^ famous
denunciation of the Hartford convention, and
thoufht it might possibly be brought within the law
regulating military affairs. Whatever might be
the gentleman's notion in regard to that law, he be-
lieved there was no man, in all this wide country,
whose heart glowed with a single spark of patriot-
ism, who did not respond to the sentiments ex-
pressed m that document. According to the gentle-
man's doctrine, all persons should be at liberty
freely to enter and leave the camp, carrying such
intelligence to the enemy as they mightthink prop-
er. Was there a ^man of common sense prepared
to back an opinion of this kind' He held that,
without any proclamation whatever, the command--
ant of the army had the inherent power which the gen-
tleman attributed to the courts—an inherent power
to bring all under his control, and make all obedient
to his command. That was Ms notion with regard
to martial law, and with regard to the powers and
duties of a general commanding an army in the face
of the enemy, when life and death were depending
upon his fiat. Yet Gen. Jackson, who displayed more
gallantry and heroism on that occasion than any,
other inan who lived at that era, must be traduce4
