Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
IB'
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. T. Smith.
H. of Eeps.
(and this is no extravagant supposition, since their
operatives would not cost, on an average, more than
12 cents a day:) would the manufacturers of the
North and East stand this competition? Would they
consent that their manufactures should not only be
excluded from our markets, but driven baek to the
very gates of Lowell? "We should have an'empty
treasury, for the revenue from imports would be al-
most destroyed. What would they say when you
proposed to tax them? Suppose they should say,
(as a distinguished representative of Massachusetts
once said in the other House of Congress,) that the
free labor of the North should never come
into equal competition with the slave labor of the
South. Suppose, further, that some member of Con-
gress—first qualifying himself for such a task by
foreswearing his allegiance to the constitution and
to the God of everlasting justice—should rise in his
place, and propose a bill providing a discriminating
duty of 40 per cent, upon ail manufactures made by
slave labor, and imposmgno duty at all upon manufac-
tures made by free labor: in what manner, Mr. Pres-
ident—I ask you in what manner would such a
law be received by the people of the slaveholding
States? Sir, they would rise up as one man, and,
animated by one soul, would shake this Union to
its de!^ foundations by the indignant voice of their
awakened wrath. The spirits of our fathers
would rise up from the grave, and, like the shade of
the murdered king of Denmark urging his son to
avenge the tarnished honor of his house, they would
say, "If you have nature in you, bear it not."
And yet, Mr. President, such a proposition, mon-
strous and revolting as it would be, differs in no sub-
stantial particular, from the tariff off 1842. It is only
necessary to tear of the disguises of this latter meas-
ure, to make the likeness manifest.
Mr. President, it has now been more than twenty
years eince I took my seat in the other branch of
Congress; and during the whole period while I re-
mained a member of that House, I can conscientious-
ly say, I never contemplated this government but
with the most indescribable feelings; for, as God is
my judge, I can solemnly declare, as a citizen of
South Carolina, that, in all that period—nearly a
quarter of a century—I have never felt this govern-
ment but by its oppressions. Day and night did I
look forward, while a member of the other House,
hoping for a day of redemption, neither seeking nor
expecting any positive favors for my constituents;
but demanding, in the name of justice and the con-
stitution, that you should let them alone in the
peaceful pursuits of their industry, and permit them
to enjoy the fruits of that industry, undiminished by
unjust and oppressive legislation. I never felt—I never
could feel—any interest in the ambitious struggles
of political parties for power and office, in compari-
son with that absorbing interest which I always felt
in this great question. I h.ave long regarded it as
more important to that portion of the Union in which
my destiny has been cast, than all the presidential
elections that will ever take place. For myself, I
would make almost any surrender of federal honors,
if I had the power, to secure to my constituents
''their long-lost rights."
And, sir, when these rights were restored by the
compromise act of 1833, I was disposed to say,
"Lord, nowlettest thou thy servant depart in peace."
Satisfied with this adjustment, and disgusted with
the miserable scramble for the emoluments of office,
to which the great interests of the country were but
too often sacrificed, I retired from the federal coun-
cils with the firm determination to spend the remain-
der of my days in peaceful retirement. And when
that compromise was violated, I conmnted to come
here from no earthly consideration tj^phe hope of
fiiving some agency in restoring it. And I now de-
clare that, when the hope of accomplishing that
frea'- object shall desert me, I shall shake off the
ust of my feet, and leave this hall forever. Sir,
what may be the result of our deliberations on this
question, I will not venture to predict; but I warn
the senators who represent the manufacturing inter-
est, here and elsewhere, that the/ have no small in-
terest in the speedy adjustment of it. The day may
not be distant when they will cease to control the
legislation of this country so as to make it subser-
vient to the interests of great capitalists. The eyes
of the people of the West and Northwest are open*
ed, and opening, to their true interests. They find,
by sad experience, that every blow you strike at the
prosperity of the southern and southwestern States
inflicts an equal injury upon them. These staple
States are their natural markets for their own great
staple, live stock—of which the States of Kentucky,
Tennessee, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri,
raise, for distant markets, ten or twenty times the
amount of their cotton-bagging and hemp; to say
nothing of tobacco, breadstuffs, and (in the case of
Tennessee) cotton, which they produce for foreign
markets. Sir, I speak from practical knowledge
when I say that a rise in cotton of two cents a pound
will produce more than a corresponding rise in the
price of live stock and bacon; and I do firmly be-
lieve that the passage of this bill would double the
demand for live stock in South Carolina, and en-
hance the price at least 25 per cent.
However secure, therefore, gentlemen may feel,
they may find that they stand on a sandy foundation;
and I venture to predict that, in five years, the West
will be as united in opposition to a protective tariff
as the South. Sir, this monster of legislative injus-
tice—this Mammon of eastern idolatry—can never
be worshipped by an enlightened people, when strip-
ped of his disguises: unveil his deformities, and his
deluded followers, not less than his victims, will
shrink back with abhorrence. Mr. President, I lrave
humbly attempted to perform this office; and now,
having done my duty, I leave the consequent to
God.
SPEECH OP MR. SMITH,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives, January 17, 1844.—
On the improvement of the western waters.
The resolution offered by Mr. Thomasson, of
Kentucky, to instruct the Committee of Ways and
Means to report an appropriation sufficient to keep
the snag-boats on the Mississippi and its tributaries
in operation during the present year, being nnder
consideration—
Mr. SMITH addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: I do not rise at this late stage of
the debate upon the propriety and justice of im-
proving the western rivers, to inflict a long speech
upon the House, on the tariff, the navy, or the next
presidential election. Every subject in the legisla-
tive catalogue, except the subject under considera-
tion, has been drawn into this debate. The debate
upon the celebrated "Foote. resolution" had not a
wider range, or a more perfect disregard of the sub-
ject before the House for its consideration. The
House has become weary, and seems anxious to
take the vote on the motion to strike out the man-
datory clause, of which notice has been given by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Cave Johnson.]
The deep interest my constituents feel in the success
of just measures to improve the large navigable
rivers of the West—an interest which may be better
appreciated when I state that my district is washed
by the Mississippi and the Ohio, for the large dis-
tance of more than 250 miles—is my apology, sir,
for asking this House to vote against the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee to strike out the
clause instructing the Committee of Ways and Means
to report a bill appropriating a sufficient sum of
money to keep the snag boats in constant operation
until the 1st of July, 1845. The deep interest of
my constituents, in early and efficient action upon
western measures, is the reason why I do not fee!
at liberty to discuss other and disconnected subjects
at this time; it is the reason, sir, why I shall con-
fine myself strictly to subjects of practical import-
ance to them, and to the whole West; and, may I
not justly add, to the whole country?
Mr Speaker, why—for what substantial reason is
this House called upon to repeal the instructions it
has given to the Committee of Ways and Means? to
reverse its own decision? to nullify its solemn fictf
That committee, sir, we have been informed by a
a member of it, [Mr. Weller of Ohio,] and the in-
formation was admitted to be correct by another
member of it, [Mr. Seymocr of New York,] struck
out of the appropriation bills all appropriations for
the western rivers. To reconsider this resolution,
for the express and avowed purpose of striking out
the instructions to this adverse committee, and then
actually so amend it, is to sanction their ^ct; is to
justify and to sustain their refusal to report bills to
improve the western rivers; is to instruct them to
maintain, to adhere, to their position against the peo-
ple of the West, and to confine all appropriations
for the benefit of commerce and navigation to ob-
jects of interest to th*se highly 1 favored citizens
whose territories are washed by the waves of the
Atlantic. This, sir, is the effect—the known, thb
perceived effect—of the vote, this Hons.? is cjflte<|
upon to give. Millions to the East, not a solitary'
dollar to the West! Four hundred and seventy thou-
sand dollars annually are to be appropriated merely
to keep up lights on the Atlantic coast to reveal to
pilots where obstructions lie; not. a dollar to be
appropriated to point out, or to remove, similar «b-'
structions to the safe prosecution of western com-
merce. Why this odious, discrimination? I hope
this House is not prepared to justify such a discrim-"
ination.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. T. Smith] has
told this House, and truthfully, that the resolu-
tion involves an expenditure of only §283,000.
Surely this sum is not large. It need friajten
no one. It is less than half the cost of the Snt-
house system for a single year; it is less wan
half the cost of the war steam vessel burnt in the
Mediterranean on its way to China on a strictly com-
mercial expedition; it is not greater than the sum an-
nually expended in paying, bounties to fishermen,
and in supporting sick or disabled sailors at hoine
and abroad. The commerce of the West cannot be
charged with having annoyed the treasury with large
demands for the support of its sick and disabled,
sailors; with having burdened the treasury in at-
tempts .to build up fisheries. No, sir, our demands
have been small, and our receipts still smaller.
Is it unreasonable, then, Mr. Speaker, that the rep-
resentatives from the West should ask this House
to instruct its committees—who have decided to give
the West not a single dollar—to reporta bill making
a moderate appropriation for the benefit of the large
inland commerce of the States lying upon the Mis-
sissippi river and it* branches? The news of the
adverse action of the unhappily constituted committee
of Ways and Means—unhappily constituted as re-
gards the unequally-represented interests of the ever-
neglected and all-patient West—and the news of the
awful accident to the ill-fated steamboat "Shepherd-
ess," within sight of the city of St. Louis, were re-
ceived about the sarneinstant of time. With the news
of so horrible an accident still ringing in our e$fs,
and smarting under the monstrous injustice of the
sectionally-constituted committee, was it expected,
that western representatives would fail to even ask
a reversal of the action of the committee? Sir, I
hope the prompt instructions given in response to
our application, under such circumstances, will not
be cancelled. Surely the improvements, all (even
the most prejudiced) must admit that I have some
reason for saying are needed; for it was in the river
within my district that the awful catastrophe took
place, that so suddenly, so unexpectedly, in the
dead hour of night, and the coldest, most dismal
of the season, hurried from forty to sixty souls into
eternity.
I hold in my hand a letter received from a highly
respectable gentleman, one of my constituents, who
was on board at the time of the" accident, giv-
ing an accotint of the horrors of that dreadful night—
women and children crushed to death by the falling
cabins, others drowned in the icy flood, and others
again frozen on the beach upon which they were
cast. Were this a solitary case, and one not likely
again soon to occur, our call for appropriations to
remove the cause of the disaster might, with a great-
er show of propriety, be treated with the coolness
we have experienced. But, sir, so far is this case
from being a novel oiip, I tajce this opportunity to
inform the House that, at one point, within the fjisr
trict which I have the honor to represent, no less
than nine wrecks of large and once magnificent
steamboats may be counted. If there is such another
point within the United States—a point from whence
the wrecks of nine steamboats, or the wrecks
of nine ships can be counted—I know it not. The
loss of property at that single place is greater than
the amount of money ipyolved in the expenditures
asked to be made during this? year upon all the rivers
of the West. The loss sustained bv th« citizens of
St. Louis engaged in commerce during the years
1837, 1838, 1839, and 1840, is estimated by the
Chamber of Commerce of that city at $2,113,415—a
loss stupendous in amount, and ruinous in its con-
sequences. Its effects upon the prosperity of a city
of less than 30,000 souls, previously crippled in i«
great and wonderful enterprise for want of that
abundant capital so necessary "to insure success,
were severely felt; and, it may be safely asserted,
\vas a principal cause of the severe money pressure
that followed. The annihilation of so great an
amount of property could not but seriously embar-
rass the operations of the citizens of the great steam-
