€«I\ CrRESSIOJYAIL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE,
28th Cong 1st Sess.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1844.
Volume 13....No.7-
[Continued from JVo. 6.]
collection district; and to establish Bangor,^paid
county of Penobscot, a port of entry."
The bill was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
NEWSPAPERS FOR THEJMEMBERS.
Mr. REDING offered a resolution, directing the
Clerk of the House to furnish to the members of
the House such newspapers as they might direct,
not to exceed three daily papers.
Mr. WELLER objected; and the resolution was
laid over, under the rule.
SMITHSONIAN BEQ.UEST.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
report to this House the present state and condition of the funds
bequeathed by James Smnheuw to the United States, for the
establishment at the city of Washington of an institution for
the increase and diffusion of knowledge among men ; with a
statement, showing what payments of interest have been re-
ceived, and what (if any) nave been refused or withheld on the
States stocks in which tiie said funds weie invested; the
amount of in erest so withheld or refused to be paid; and what
measures have been taken by the Secietary to recover the
same; also, by whose agency the said investments weie made;
with copies of any correspondence of the Treasury Department
with such agents, lelatmg theieto.
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE AFRICAN SQ.UAD-
RON.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the House copies of all the in-
structions given to the commanding officers of the squad-
ron stipulated by the treaty with Great Britain of 9th August,
1842, to be kept on the coast of Africa for the suppression
of the slave trade. Also, copies of the instructions given
by the British Government to their squadron, stipulated by
the same treaty, if such instructions have been communi-
cated to this Government.
MASSACHUSETTS MILITIA.
Mr. HUDSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over, under the rule:
Rtbolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making provision
for the repayment of the sum which has been audited and
found due to Massachusetts and Maine for militia services,
as set forth in a letter from the Secretary of "War, dated
December *23, 1837, and found in House Doc. No. 4o, 2d
sess. 2r th Congress.
Mr. WINTHROP offered the following resolu-
tion; which was adopted:
Resolved, Tr.at the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of modifying the act concerning coi.buls, &c.,
so as to exempt fiom any contribution 10 the fund for the relief
of foreign seamen the owners or masters of vessels which may
have been sold in foreign ports, m consequence of injuries ie-
suiting from the perils of the sea; and also so as to provide
greater securities for the execution of the wilis of American
citizens dying abroad.
Mr. CATLIN offered the following; which was
adopted:
Resolved, That the Commutes on Commerce he ins'ructed
to inquire into the expediency of allowing to Ingoklsby W.
Crawiord, late collector of the customs at New London, and to
Kamuel Phillips, latecollecioi of the customs at Newbuiyport,
he amount of interest ciaimcd by them respectively, on the
presentation of their accounts at the Treasury Department for
settlement, under the act of Congress of July 27th, 1842.
The following joint resolution, offered by Mr.
HUNT, lies over one day, under the rule:
Rpsoh ed by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
TJmted States oj America in Congress ast,tmbled, (two-thirds
of both Houses concurring,) That the following amendment
to the Constitution of the United States be proposed to the
several States, to be valid to all intents and purposes as part
of said Constitution, when latified by the Legislatures of
thre^-fourths of the said States, viz: No person shall be
hereafter eligible to the office of President of the United
States who shall have been previously elected to the said
office, and who shall have accepted the same, or exercised
the powers thereof.
Mr. LEONARD offered the following; which
also lies over:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be authorized to
procure the printing of the illustrations accompanying the
report of Professor Espy upon his meteorological observa-
tions}  ud that the cost of such maps shall not exceed 3 1-2
cents per copy.
Mr. BENTON offered the following rasolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be instructed to
inquire into the expediency ofmodifying tfee militia laws of the
TJnited States so as to require the enrolment of every white
male citizen of the respective States of the age of twenty-
one years and under the age oi thirty-five years, with the ex.
ceptions made by existing laws; and to report to this House
whether or not, in their opinion, the burdens ofthe present
militia organization may not be in other respects greatly al-
lieva'ed without impairing its efficiency.
Mr. CLINTON offered the following; which was
adopted:
_ Resolved, That the Clerk be, and is hereby, authorized to
distribute among the members of this House the extra cop-
ies of the Compendium of the Census of 1S40, how in his
office.
Mr. CARY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to make the'report of the
Committee on the Rules the special order of the day.
Mr. CAMPBELL observed that the yeas and
nays had been taken upon that question.
Mr. ADAMS said the yeas and nays were not
taken; and furthermore, he believed there was a
mistake made in counting, and that, in point of fact,
the vote of the House was; 
Mr. Adams was called to order by Mr. PAYNE;
who remarked that, if the subject was going to be
debated, it must lie over.
Mr. CAMPBELL inquired if this motion could
be entertained at this time, when the States were be-
ing called for resolutions.
The SPEAKER remarked that this was offered
as a resolution.
Mr. ADAMS said, a motion for reconsideration
was always in order: it was a privileged question.
Mr. C. JOHJNSON suggested that the motion
was interfering with the business for which the
rules had been suspended. He thought it would
coine up more properly when that suspension
ceased.
The SPEAKER said he considered it a privi-
leged question, which could be made at any time.
Mr. BOYD moved that the subject be laid upon
the table.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded; and being taken, resulted as follows—
yeas 80, nays 87:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Barringer, Belser, E. J. Black,
J. Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bow-
lin, Boyd, J. Brinkeihofl, Aaron. V. Brown, W, J. Brown,'
Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Catlin, A. A. Chapman,
Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John "W. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Dickinson, Douglas:,,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Ficklin, French, Gilmer, Byram Green,
Hale, Hoge, Houston, Hughes, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, P. King, Lahranche,
Lucas, Lumpkin, McClernand, Mc-Connell, McKay, Ma-
thews, Moore, Newton, Norris, Payne, Pratt, D. S. Reid,
Reding, Ritter, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Simpson, Sli-
dell, T. Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stiles,
Stone, Tayloi, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weiler,
Wentworth, and Woodward—BO.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Barnard, Beardsley, Ben-
ton, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Cary, Carroll, Chilton, Cling-
man, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dickey,
Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Frick,
Giddings, \V. Green, Glider, Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Heri-
ley, Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll. Joseph R. Inger-
soll, lrvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Kirk-
patrick, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, McDowell, Mcll-
vaine, Marsh, Edwprd J Moriis, Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Owen, Parmenter, Patterson, Pejton, ltamsey, Rathbun,
Chas M. Read, Relfe, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck,
Senter, Severance, David I,. Sej mour, Thomas If. Seymour,
Simons, Albert Smith, Stetson, John Stewart, Tilden, Ty-
ler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vint&n, Whe&ton, White, Williams,
Winthrop, and Joseph A. Wright—87.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then gave notice of a desire to
debate it; and observed that it must, therefore, lie
over under the rules.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
HARDING, CAVE JOHNSON, BEARDSLEY,
ADAMS, and the SPEAKER, took part; when
The SPEAKER decided that the question to lay
the resolution on the table having been decided in
the negative, and the question being then on recon-
sideration, (which was a privileged question,) the
party moving it had a right to demand a decision
on it.
Mr. PETTIT of Indiana announced the attend-
ance of his colleague, Mr. Caleb B. Smith; who
was qualified, and took his seat.
Mr. JAMESON asked if he understood the
Speaker to decide that the resolution of the gentle-
man from New York did not lie over, as suggested,
on notice of debate by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
The CHAIR said that the question being on re-
consideration, it must, according to the invariable
practice of the House, now come up, ; .
Mr. JAMESON said that, in that case, the object
of the resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee
to call on the States for resolutions would be defeat-
ed, as this question would probably be discussed,
and occupy the whole day. He hoped the Speaker
would review his decision with reference to this
state of the case, and revise it. Unlfess the Speaker
did so, he would be compelled to appeal.
Mr. C. JOHNSON suggested that the mover of
the resolution should agree to let it lie over till after
the call on the States for resolutions was finished.
Some conversation followed, when the resolution
was, by general consent, laid over till the call on the
States should be finished.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. PRESTON KING gave notice that he
would, on some future day, ask leave to introduce a
bill providing to abolish the franking privilege, to
regulate the rates of postage in accordance with the
coins of the United States, and to reduce postage to
the lowest rates deemed sufficient to sustain the
Post Office, Department by its own revenue.
Mr. DANA, in pursuance of notice giren, on
leave, introduced a bill to amend the act entitled'
"An act to reduce into one the several acts estab-
lishing the Post Office Department; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Pos
Office and Post Roads.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS.
Mr. SEYMOUR, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a bill to amend the act
granting half pay and pensions to certain widows,
and the several acts ana regulations on the subject,
and extending the provisions thereof.
The bill having been read twice,
Mr. SEYMOUR moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; but,
at the suggestion of Mr. STEENROD, withdrew
that motion, and moved to refer it to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury furnish this
House, yearly, with a uniform return of all the banks of
the Union—stating the number of banks in each State; the
amount of capital, bills in circulation, specie deposites,
loans and discounts, with the States' and the United States'
indebtedness; with, the import and export of specie and bul-
lion; with the amount of imports paying duty, the amount
of revenue collected thereon, and the amount free of duty;
also, the amount exported of foreign goods, and the amount
exported of the produce and manufactures of this country,
and also the tonnage of the same, 111 the tabular form called
for in the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS observed that there was a standing
rule of the House which required the Secretary an-
nually to report on the subject; and the gentleman
would find the infoimation he wanted m the docu-
ments of the last session.
Mr. PRATT replied that he wanted the informa-
tion in a tabular form, and he had not been able to
find it in that form.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution, being a
call on one of the public departments, must, under
the rules, lie over for one day.
Mr. HUNGERFORD submitted the following
resolution; which was considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed on re-
trenchment, whose duty it shall be to examine, as far as
practicable, the amount paid by the Government to each
and every person for servicesias officers or agents, and, in-
cluding members of Congress, the nature and amount of
&uch services; and to recommend such increase or decrease
as they shall deem equitable; and further to recommend the
discharge of all such persons in the pay of the Government
whose services can, in their opinion, be dispensed with.
Mr. BARNARD submitted the following resolu-
tion: v
Resolveds That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to this House a copy of the report of Captain Hughes,
ofthe Corps of Topographical Engineers, ot the examination
and survey, made during the last reason, of the Hudson
river, above and below, with reference to the navigation and
of the public works connected with the improvement
thereof.
Mr. MeKAY objected to the consideration of the
resolution; and observed that he wished the rule to
be enforced in all cases.
