112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cohg.. ..1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
expended by the general government from 1791 to
J840, so small a sum has been expended in the
West that we feel emboldened to ask that something
worthy of the high character of this nation be now
done to render the navigation of western rivers
easy, safe, and expeditious. We cheerfully ac-
knowledge that, to promote and to secure the wel-
fare of foreign commerce, worth $189,000,000, $10,-
000,000 should be annually expended; for otherwise
the navy officers, the foreign commercial agents, the
Caleb Cushings, the light-house keepers, the fisher-
men, &c., would be deprived of treasury supplies,
and would have to look to the commercial interest,
in whose employ they are, for support. As we al-
low $10,000,000 per annum for this commerce of
$189,000,000, we ask one million for the western
commerce, worth $235,000,000. Is this too much?
We in many ways encourage, at the nation's ex-
pense, eastern manufactures. Is it unreasonable
that we should ask for the completion of the truly
National road at that same nation's expense? Three
hundred thousand dollars a year, for ten years, will
complete a good road, and bridge every stream,
from the Atlantic to the Mississippi—an object of
prime importance to the population both east and
west of the Alleghany mountains, not only in times
of peace, but also in times of war. Ultimately, sir,
that same road will connect the Atlantic with the
Pactfic ocean—not, I grant; until the power of the
past appropriators of the eleven hundred millions of
dollars of the public treasure has passed away,
"never to return."
But I hope ten years will not lie permitted to roll
away ere justice will be done to the West in this
very particular; and, although the subject is not now
before the House, I may be permitted to say, that I
hope those enterprising citizens who purchased
large bodies of lands at high prices, and erected
costly improvements upon them, under a firm be-
lief that the government would complete, in good
faith, the work it had been prosecuting for a long
series of years, may not be doomed to many addi-
tional years of disappointment. 1 hope they may
not be taught to believe that the favor with which
Congress regards measures to complete this import-
ant road, is measured by the distance of the pari to
be constructed from the shores of the Atlantic.
Sir, upon the subject of the improvement of the
navigation of the watprs of the West, it is said west-
ern members are unduly sensitive. This may be
so. Admit the charge to be true: may we not plead
many extenuating circumstances to soften the dis-
pleasure of the offended admirers of coolness and
patience? For instance: in my district are whole
counties, of large population, where the track of a
mail coach is never seen! Many worthy, most in-
telligent citizens, live ten, twelve, fifteen, and many
persons even twenty miles from a post office! And,
sir, though possibly out" of order, I take occasion
to say that my peace and quiet can be only obtained m
this hall, m relation to new post offices and routes, but
by affording additional mail facilities to the sovereign
people of the first congressional district of the State
of Illinois. Another cause of irritation is the anx-
iety manifested by membeis from the two largest
States upon the Atlantic, to keep western-river
measures before committees entirely under the. con-
trol of the Atlantic mteiest; and that, too, for the
avowed purpose, as expressed by the amendments,
which they have notified us they intend to offer as
soon as it will be in order to do so, of connecting
their local improvements with those contemplated
for the West.
Mr. Speaker, I was astonished when I heard the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Ixgeksoix]
read the amendment which he proposes to offer.
I will not charge the honorable gentleman from
Philadelphia, either directly or by insinuation, with
improper motives; but, sir, what but the log-rolling
system of impiovemeiits, under the pleasing name of
a "general system" of internal improvements—per-
mit me to ask him—plunged the State from
which he hails, the State from which I come, as well
as other States, into a debt so deep and so hopeless
as to temporarily prevent the payment of either
principal or interest' Neither Pennsylvania nor Il-
linois is able at present to pay even the interest of the
debt entailed by disgraceful -'general systems," i. e.
log-rolling systems of internal improvement. And
shall representatives from those paralyzed common-
wealths—but temporarily paralyzed I hope—labor,
from motives it matters not how exalted, to precip-
itate the general government into the same devour-
ing and humiliating abyss of debt and taxation?
The sapie corrupt system (if we Uiay characterize it
by its uniform tendencies) has fastened a debt of
about $28,000,000 upon New York. A proportional
debt of the United States would be six times greater,
or $168,000,000; and do members from New York
desire the clubbing, the associative, the log-rolling
system, introduced by honorable but misjuding
members—knowing, as they do, that, if it works here
as it has worked in New York, Pennsylvania, Illin-
ois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Maryland, and else-
where, it will plunge this nation into a debt of
$168,000,000? No reason can be advanced to prove
that it will work better here, be more safely, wisely,
or easier managed by Congressmen, than by Assem-
blymen in the legislatures of the States. Sir, I ask
that our measures may remain unconnected with
any others. Let them stand or fall by their own
merits. We ask not for, nor will we accept, entang-
ling alliances from any quarter, of how honorable a
character soever. We ask favors from none; but de-
mand justice from all. We are none of us sent
here to grant favors, to log-roll, to collude; but to do
justice to every interest, to every citizen, State, and
nation.
1 am friendly to all lawful, proper, and necessary
works on the Atlaiitic, the Lakes, the Hudson, the
Delaware, the Potomac, the Savannah, the Alabama,
the Mississippi, and all real commercial and national
highways. I would do justice to all, but combine
with none. If members from Pennsylvania can con-
vince a majority of the member of both Houses that
it is the solemn duty of Congress to improve the
Delaware river and bay, then the work ought to be
done; but not otherwise. So of the Hudson, the lakes,
&c. And, sir, 1 am willing that my rigid rule shall
be applied to the western waters; for, if a majority
of all the members of both Houses honestly believe
that the western riveis ought not to be improved at
the common expense, they ought to be permitted so
to vote, without being compelled to vote against ap-
propriations for important works in their respective
neighborhoods, by them believed to be just and
proper objects of national care. I do not wish money
for the West that has to be obtained, however indi-
rectly, however covertly, by leg-rolling and collusion.
May we not hope that all members will come to the
conclusion that it is reasonable, and that it is right,
to allow all measures to remain disconnected with
stronger or weaker subjects, and be dependent* only
upon their own intrinsic merits for success?
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I earnestly ask that this
resolution, so moderate in its demands, so just in the
principles and tendencies it involves, may be sent to
the committee unmangled, unamended; and thus in-
sure the report of a bill containing an appropriation
for the improvement of the Mississippi river and its
branches.
REMARKS OF MR. FOSTER,
of tennessee.
In Senate, February 13, 1844—On the bill to restore
to Gen. Jackson the fine imposed on him at New
Oileans. The question pending being the follow-
ing proviso proposed by the Judiciary Committee:
Provided, That nothing m this act shall be con-
strued to expi ess or imply any censure of the con-
duct or character of the Hon. Dominick A. Hall, by
whom the fine was imposed.
Mr. FOSTER said: I do full justice to all the sen-
timents that have fallen from the senator [Mr. ber-
rien] who preceded me, and I honor the motives
that prompted the reflections he has so well sub-
mitted.
But, sir, having looked over the question now be-
fore us with great consideration and attention, and
having, in my most deliberate judgment, determined
to take ground against the amendment reported by
the committee, I must detain the Senate for a few
moments, until I can explain the reasons that have
influenced my decision. And, sir, need I stop to say
to those who know my relations with Gen. Jackson,
and the uniform resistance I have practised against
his power and influence for several years past, that
no sense of individual favor has operated on my
mind m coming to its conclusions? I am under no
personal obligations to that eminent citizen; nor do I
know of any tiling' in particular that I Uave reason to
thank him "f<r; and, least of all, I seriously protest,
am I governed or controlled in my present convic-
tions by any popular apprehensions. If 1 am honored
at home by the smallest share of public confidence
and acceptability, I do not owe the good opinion of
my constituents to the kindness and regaul of Gen.
Jackson, oy hie nearest advocates and advisors, 1
have gained the grateful promotion without their
consent, and against all their strongest efforts; and I
am not, I trust, so weak and timid now as to dread
an influence which I had the courage to encounter
in its most vigorous forms. I can safely say, Mr.
President, that I have tried to approach this subject,
and to draw my conclusions from a candid temper,
and \vithout a remote regard to my fears or my pre-
judices.
The amendment reported by the Judiciary Com
mittee does not oppose the repayment of the fine and
interest. On that score, I take it, there is considerable
unanimity in the Senate; whilst even'those who ob-
ject would, I have no doubt, rejoice to see the coun-
try relieved from the ag'tition this measure has en-
gendered. The committee only desire to guard the
character of the judge who imposed the fine, and to
protect him from an imputation of official tyranny
asid injustice.
If, sir, the friends of Gen. Jackson who intro-
duced this subject before Congress, had, at this-late
period, (when the lapse of thirty years has consigned
a defenceless man and his motives to the deep obliv-
ion of time and the grave,) tendered an issue deroga-
tory to that official functionary, I should have met
them here with firm and determined resistance. I
could never be instrumental, if I know myself, in
degrading the judiciary of the country—the only
sure palladium of life and liberty—by aiding in a
merciless and unopposed attack upon one of its
humblest members; nor would I now join any party
in this Senate who should attempt to comdemn, by
implication even, and thus to crush unheard and
beneath an iron heel, the character of a judge whose
name, good or bad, should not be thoughtlessly dis
interred, and unnecessarily involved in a simple act
of legislation.
But, sir, a careful examination of the bill before
the Senate satisfies me that no such issue has been
tendered. It is not tendered, I am sure, on the pa-
per; and I cannot consent to prolong this contest by
going out into the streets and behind the records to
hunt up and listen to partisan charges and partisan
assertions, which, to my mind, manifest more heat
than prudence or love of justice, and which' exhibit
feelings and prejudices that their authors have not
been rash enough to incorporate in the body of any
bill they have laid before Congress. What need
we care, then, for such ebullitions? In our time, and
in all time past, the living and the dead, the just and
the unjust, the wise and the counterfeit pretender to
wisdom, are, and have been, alike the subjects of
hasty and innoxious abuse. The evil will only bo
stayed when a better moral feeling shall accomplish
the hopeless task of correcting the current of the
baser passions of human nature, teaching all man-
kind to square their thoughts and expiessions by
an humble recollection of their own follies, and a
resolution always to judge as they would hope to be
judged.
I admit, Mi". President, that some worthy but un-
reflecting men—friends of General Jackson—have
thoughtlessly discussed the subject of this bill as if
Judge Hall was on the trial for thf worst of all crimes
—the crime of judicial tyranny and oppression;—
and satisfied with their own convictions, they have
proceeded to impale a dead criminal, and to expose
Ins name to infamy and disgrace. I do notmtend to
rebuke, but 1 cannot admire this policy; nor will I
suffer my judgment to be betrayed into an error by
lending an easy ear to the feelings such a course is
well calculated to create. Against all such misguided
assaults, I hold thatcotemporary history forever pro-
tects and defends Judge Hall; and the testimony I
shall presently produce is doubly strong, because
the history to which I refer was written under Gen-
eral Jackson's eye, penned by a confidential friend,
and submitted to the world as an authentic memoir
of the very individual for whose benefit it is pro-
posed to us to pass this law. In opening the pages of
that book, I do not propose to recite the incidents
and events that preceded the moment of time when
General Jackson was adjudged to pay a fine of
$1,000 for wilful contempt and disregard of the law-
ful authority of a court of justice. To go back fur-
ther, might enlarge my remarks, and protract a dis-
cussion which, on my part, has already transcended
the limit i had allowed to myself.
When Judge Hall had imposed the fine we now
propose to refund, General Jackson was not permit-
ted to escape the court and return to his quarters,
before he was seized and triumphantly borne away*
by an immense crowd that thronged the streets and
