100
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Paducah, Kentucky, praying the construction of
a bridge across the Ohio river, at the city of Wheel-
m% Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of John
Davison, a revolutionary soldier, for a pension.
The petition of inhabitants of St. Lawrence county,
New York, for a revision of the rates of postage.
The petition and papers of John McCrea and Har-
vey Wakefield: taken from the files of the House,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. WHEATON: The petition of 100 citi-
zens of the town of Cicero, New York, asking for a
reduction of postage, and the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. The petition of 100 citizens of the
town of Lysander, New York, asking that a mail-
route may be established from Baldwinsville, county
of Onondaga, to Woleott, in the county of Wayne,
New York.
By Mr. CLINTON: The petition of Catharine
S. Chrelder and others for a law granting pensions
to widows of revolutionary soldiers.
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: The petition of
James Carlin and 224 other citizens of Indiana,
asking a donation of refuse lands, to assist in com-
pleting the Wabash and Erie canal: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. The petition of Ben-
jamin McCamon and 48 other citizens of Sullivan
county, Indiana, praying a grant of land in the Vin-
cennes district, to improve the navigation of the
Wabash river at the Grand Rapids: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. The petition of Dan-
iel Risinger and 332 other citizens of Knox county,
Indiana, asking a grant of land in the Vincennes
district, to improve the Grand Rapids of the Wabash
river: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The petition of sundry citizens of Daviess county,
Indiana, asking a grant of land in the Vincennes
district to assist in completing the Wabash and
Erie Canal.
By Mr. FRICK: The petition of a number of
citizens of Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a reduction of postage on letters, periodicals,
and newspapers. The petition of a number of in-
habitants of Lycoming and Northumberland coun-
ties, Pennsylvania, praying for the extension of a
post-route from Watsonstown to Mangerville, a dis-
tance of six miles. The petition of John P. Schuy-
ler, of Muncy, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania,
praying for relief, for wounds received in the late
war: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. T. H. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut: The
petition of Othureil Gillett, of Litchfield, Connecticut,
for arrearages of pension: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims."
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Livingston county, Illinois, for
change on mail-route between Lexington, McLean,
Pontiac, and Livingston county, so as to pass Indi-
ana Grove: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WHEATON: The petition of 514 cit-
zens of the county of Onondaga, New York, ask-
ing Congress to re-enact the law of the last Congress
granting a pension to the widows of officers and sol-
diers of the revolutionary war.
By Mr. DUNLAP: A petition of sundry cit-
izens of North Yarmouth, Maine, praying for the
adjustment of losses by French cruisers prior to
1800: referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. Also, a petition of William Allen, praying
for a pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. Also, a petition of Simeon Caswell, pray-
ing for a pension: referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of sundry cit-
izens of Adams county, Pennsylvania, asking a
reduction of the present rates of postage.
By Mr. BIDLACK: The petition of citizens
of Cattawissa, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking
for the reduction of postage: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 4, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate the report of the Secretary of the Senate, show-
ing the manner of the disbursement of the contin-
gent fund; which, on motion of Mr. TAPPAN,
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from George
Whitten, of the State of Maine, praying for a pen-
sion for in juries received in the service of the United
.States in 'the last war with Great Britain: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial signed by
members .of the bar of Alexandria, asking that the
next judge to be appointed for the circuit court of
the District of Columbia may be be required, by
law, to reside in that city: referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from James
Low, of Charlestown, Massachusetts, for a pension:
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from G. H.
McFadden, Hale, and others, of Louisiana, citizens
of the parish of Point Coupee, asking for the pas-
sage of a law granting them pre-emption to certain
tracts of land in that State: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, asking a further appropria-
tion for the completion of the works commenced in
the harbor of Erie, in that State: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition from William
Grant, guardian of Thomas Westcalt, praying for a
restoration of pensions which he formerly received,
under the law of 1837 for the more equitable ad-
ministration of the navy pension fund: referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that, a few days ago, a
petition from James Wilson, the keeper of the gate
at the Capitol, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion, had been referred to the Committee on the Con-
tingent Fund of the Senate. This reference was
improperly made. He is not paid from the contin-
gent fund of the Senate. That committee have,
therefore, nothing to do with it. It should have
been referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds. He moved to discharge the Commit-
tee on the Contingent Expenses from its further con-
sideration, and to refer it to that committee.
Mr. DAYTON, chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings, inquired what the nature of the
petition was, if it was not properly referable to the
Committee on the Contingent Expenses.
Mr. TAPPAN replied, that it was a petition from
one of those belonging to that army called the police
of the Capitol. His application had nothing to do
with the contingent fund.
The committee was accordingly discharged; and
the petition was referred to the Committee on the
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from citizens
of Philadelphia, in reference to the naval pension
law, praying that some provision may be made for
those widows whose pensions were discontinued in
consequence of the repeal of the law of 1837 for the
more equitable distribution of the naval pension
fund: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said there were several
memorials on the files of the Senate, signed by mer-
chants of New York, asking Congress to make such
alterations in the existing law in relation to draw-
backs, as to allow a drawback upon goods re-export-
ed in original packages to the British North Amer-
ican provinces. He moved that those memorials be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce: agreed to.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking a further appropri-
ation of money to continue and complete the works
begun in the harbor of Erie, in that State. Mr. B.
said, if this was the proper time to go into the dis-
cussion of the subject, he could show that, whether as
connected with the commercial interests of the great
West, or the commercial interests of the whole
country, it was of equal importance that the works
in this harbor should go on: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, it was ordered that
the memorial of Euward Earle, the inventor and
patentee of a process of preserving vegetable matter
from decay, and praying its adoption at the various
armories, arsenals, and navy-yards of the United
States, be taken from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, moved that that com-
mittee be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of Ira Day, praying compensation
for carrying the mail; and that the subject be indefi-
nitely postponed.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the question was
laid on the table for the present.
On motion by Mr. FULTON, it was oi'dered that
the documents on the files relating to the claim of
Henry Funkhouser, for a balance due him under a
contract for supporting certain emigrating Indians,
be taken therefrom, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. COLQUITT, it was ordered
that the petition of Samuel Walker and Francis G.
Beatty, praying a consideration for injuries received
by the fallingof the scaffold on which they were at
wmk on the Treasury building, be taken from tlie
fills; and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Claims, to
which was referred the petition of George Harrison,
praying to be reimbursed for liability for amount of
overpayment made by him while a paymaster in
the army, made an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill granting a certain
quantity of land to aid in the improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the same
by a canal, in the Territory of Wisconsin; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. SEMPLE, it was ordered that
the memorial of Uriah Brown, of Illinois, praying
an investigation of his invention on the subject of
coast defences by means of fire-ships, be taken from
the files, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition from
John Becraft, a soldier in the last war with Great
Britain, praying a pension for wounds received: re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish,
ing a mail route trom Mississippi City to Jackson, ill Missis-
sippi.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of William Walker;
which was read twice, and with a document, (being an
argument of the attorney of the legal representative,)
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HANNEGAN, on leave, introduced a bill
making an appropriation for the continuation of the
Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
THE OREGON.
Mr. ARCHER said that the resolution submit-
ted by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] touching
the Oregon question, had been laid on the table to ac-
commodate him. lie now rose to make his ac-
knowledgements to that honorable Senator, for his
forbearance to press the resolution in consequence
of his (Mr. Archer's) indisposition. He had no
objection to taking up the resolution now, with a
view to its passage.
The resolution was then taken up, and read as
follows, viz:
. Resolved, That the President be requested to lay before the
Senate, it in his judgment that may be done without preju-
dice to the public interests, a copy of any instructions which
may have been given by the Executive to the American Minis-
ter in England on the subject of the title to, and occupation of,
Oregon, since the 4th day of March, t841, aHo, a copy of any
correspondence which may have passed between this Govern-
ment and that of Great Britain m relation to that subject, since
that time.
Mr. MOREHEAD had no objection at all to the
information which the resolution proposes to ob-
tain from the executive department; but ever since the
Senator from Ohio had submitted the resolution, he
(Mr. M.) had entertained considerable doubt in his
own mind whether, during the pending of a
negotiation between the executive of this Govern-
ment and the Government of Great Britain, the
Senate should ask for the communication of the
correspondence on the subject fi m the executive,
until the conclusion of that negotiation. It seemed
to him that this was a subject which deserved very
serious consideration; and, although the resolution
was worded in the guarded manner in which such
resolutions are usually worded—although it was
left to the President of the United States, whether
he should conceive it consistent with the public in-
terest to give the information called for; yet he (Mr.
M.) was very much disposed to doubt the policy of
the course proposed. It was a resolution that should
be seriously considered by the Senate. While
he said this, he could not be suspected by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio of throwing any obstacle
in the way of the passage of the resolution. His
solicitude arose only from a desire on his part to adopt
no rule of proceeding in the Senate which should
hereafter create difficulty. It seemed to him that to
establish a rule calling upon the President of the
United States for correspondence in reference to any
