U4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ian. 1644.
28th Con6.....1st Sbss.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Bidlack.
H. of Reps.
on either side of this proud confederation of States.
We disclaim any other desire than to hold an even
scale between our Northern and Southern brethren?
In what condition do we find ourselves? A sov-
ereign State at the North has sent her solemn resolve
upon a delicate question, affecting the interests of
several States at the South. Certain citizens of other
States at the North and West have gent to us, as the
national council, their petitions, which the Repre-
• sentatives of the South—some of them—say shall
not be received, save at the hazard of the Union. It
is not for us to call in question the motives of our
brethren on either side; but we have a right to ar-
rest the hand that would write "dissolution" upon
all the proud monuments of our present glory as a
nation.
While I am up, sir, I will venture to submit a
word of inquiry to both parties. First, then, to the
North: Wnat have the abolitionists done to loosen
the bonds of the slave? or what have they accom-
plished towards ameliorating the condition of the
. free man of color? Nothing, sir—worse than noth-
ing. And of the Southern members he would in-
quire whether they had not injudiciously blended
abolition and the right of petition in one cause, and
thereby gained to the former numerous adherents,
who would otherwise be found with the South?
Would it not be a wiser policy to strip abolition of
this cloak of the right of petition, and let it stand
forth in what they termed its own black and hideous
deformity? Mr. B. was clearly of that opinion. He
believed this very thing multiplied abolitionists by
scores and hundreds. As to the assertion that the
abolitionists were doing nothing to ameliorate the
condition of the slaves, it can be shown—
[Here the morning hour having expired, Mr.
Bidlack was cut off. He remarked that the ex-
piration of the hour had stopped him in the
middle of a sentence. He would proceed then, or
conclude next day, according to the pleasure of the
House; whereupon the House went into Committee
of the Whole.]
The next day, the House proceeded to the consid-
eration of the unfinished business of the morning
hour, being the report of the Select Committee on
the Rules, together with the several pending ques-
tions.
Mr. Bidi.ack, who was entitled to the floor, re-
sumed his remarks, and continued tl em to the close
of his hour.
He was in favor, he said, of the recommitment of
the report, but without instructions. He had not
only heretofore uniformly voted in favor of rules
of this description, but on all questions upon mo-
tions to lay this whole subject on the table, he had
voted for them also. He liad been willing to abide
by the rules of the last House, as amended at this
session, rather than have this subject further agitated
or discussed; and he regretted that he did not find
more unanimity among Southern gentlemen upon
motions to lay the whole subject upon the table.
He was anxious to avoid all discussion; but since
the South, or a portion of its members, appear-
ed to be disposed to have this question discussed,
he thought it to be his duty to review the grounds on
which, at the last Congress, he had gone with them in
support of that rule. When he had the honor of ad-
dressing the House yesterday, he expresf d his regret
at the manner in which this subject had been discuss-
ed, and the manner in which these discussions had
been spoken of out of doors, and in the public prints.
What was the situation of the subject now before
the House and before the country? from the North
they were told that they must receive these peti-
tions; that :n refusing it they were refusing a con-
stitutional right; and that, if persisted in, it must
result in a dissolution of the Union. On the other
hand, they had heard intimations from several South-
ern gentlemen upon this floor, and especially from
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Riiett]
yesterday, that the reception of these petitions,
Union Sr no Union, must be resisted. Now, when
such declarations were made by gentlemen of ultra
feeling on both sides, what was the proper course to
pursue? It would seem that the Union was to be
dissolved, right or wrong—gentlemen on each side
seeming determined to carry out their propositions
without compromise, even at the expense of the
Union, and professing at the same tune to be actuated
bv a regard for the Constitution. This would seem
to be killing the Constitution with kindness. It was
t.me, m this state of the case, to pause, and see if
this matter could not be compromised.
Mr. B., when interrupted yesterday, had been
going on to say to Northern gentlemen that he truly
believed, however honest might have been the in-
tentions of the abolitionists, or a portion of them,
that they had effected nothing towards carrying out
those intentions, and that before they had arrested
the constitutional actian of the States, the States
had been going on in the work of emancipa-
tion. They had done nothing to ameliorate the
condition of the free man of color. Indeed,
in proof of this, he need only refer to one fact
with reference to his own district. Since he had
been in public life (and he was yet but a young
man) free men of color in his district had exercised
the most enlarged privileges which any freeman
could enjoy; to wit, the right of suffrage. Yes,
many men of color had he seen go to the polls in
the town in which he resided, and deposite their
votes against him. He had doubted their right to
do so; and they exercised their right to vote against
him for doubting their right; but these abolition
movements had created such a reaction on that sub-
ject, that the constitution of his State was so amend-
ed that the right of suffrage was denied to them.
Previous to that amendment of the constitution,
they exercised the right of suffrage; and in some in-
stances, where the judges and inspectors of the
elections refused it to them, they prosecuted these
officers, and the courts conyicted them.
The question was carried to the Supreme Court;
but before a decision was finally had, it was set-
tled by the amendment of the constitution he had
just stated. He would not, however, stop to refer
to any more facts on this subject, his desire being
principally to have the ear of Southern gentlemen on
one point. He desired to have them to understand,
that, though he had acted with them heretofore, it was
not from a full conviction that it was the best policy;
and experience had since convinced him that it was
not. Previous to the adoption of the 21st rule, there
was very little countenance given to abolition in the
State of Pennsylvania; and he might refer to abun-
dant evidence m proof of that fact. Why, before
that time there was, so far as he was informed, but
one abolitionist in the place in which he resided—
he knew of no other—and that one was unable to
make any converts. For the pulpose of endeavor-
ing to do so, he sent into a neighboring State for a
celebrated lecturer on abolition; and when he ar-
rived at the town in which he (Mr. B.) resided, the
people not only refused to hear him, but provided
for his passage in the stage, and sent him out of the
county. He felt bound, in order that the people of
the South might know the true state of feeling on
the subject of abolition in his section of the coun-
try, to mention another fact, which, under other cir-
cumstances, he would be unwilling to refer to.
They not only bundled this abolitionist, unheard, out
of the county, but the man who sent for him—a
man of standing and influence in the county—was
actually ridden through the streets, at midday, on a
rail.
Mr. Speaker, it pains me to be obliged to bring
forward evidence that Northern men are willing to
surrender their laws to the jurisdiction of Judge
Lynch, rather than listen to any proposed infringe-
ments of Southern rights, at the same time that
Southern members arejooking upon us with distrust.
He wished to hurt no man's feelings, and he referred
to nothing that was done in a corner. If gentlemen
still wanted further proof, could they not see it in
the conflagrations which had lighted the streets of
the commercial emporium of his State? Was not
the burning evidence to be found in the destruction
of the abolition hall in Philadelphia, some little as-
surance to the South that they had friends in Penn-
sylvania who were willing, at all reasonable hazards,
to stand by them before the adoption of this rule?
But, as he said yesterday, this rule, which ena-
bles the abolitionists to come under the cloak of the
sacred right of petition, aided them more effectually
than anything else in making converts.
The abolition lecturers, under the pretence of a
meeting called to hear the right of petition dis-
cussed, lectured on the subject of the abolition of
slavery; and they were, by this means, making many
converts, which they would not otherwise be able
to make; and, unless this pretext was taken from
them by the repeal of the 21st rule, they would con-
tinue to increase the number of their followers. He
always had doubts of the propriety of this rule; and
his doubts extended not only to the merits of it, but
to its expediency, as he told Southern gentlemen at
the last Congress. He would not now, however
discuss the merits of the question, as to the right of
Congress to adopt this rule; his only object was to
have the ear of Southern gentlemen as to its ex-
pediency. He voted for if at the last Congress with,
some reluctance; but voted. for it because he was
. appealed to by Southern gentlemen to do so, on the
ground that this was a subject on which they .were all
united; and that it was a subject the agitation of.
which was not only endangering their right to the
property secured to them by the Constitution, but
was endangering the safety of those who surrounded
their firesides. These appeals overcame his scru-
ples, both as to the merits of the question and as. to
the expediency of the measure; and he voted to sus- .
tain the rules as they stood. He had before ob-
served that, in the votes he then gave, he was not
sustained by the united voice of the South; and he
remarked that the subject was kept in agitation, and
the motions of the gentleman from Massachusetts
on the subject were frequently supported, not only
by the casting votes of a Southern Speaker, but by
the casting votes of Southern members. It was
these casting votes by whielf.the subject was kept
in agitation, and the time of the House taken up in
excited and unprofitable discussion.
Mr. Wise asked the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to permit him to interrupt him for a moment.
He felt called upon to make one remark in relation
to one of the gentleman's observations.
Mr. Bidlack (looking anxiously at the clock,
his hour having nearly expired) said he would yield
if the gentleman would not speak long, [laughter.]
Mr. Wise said the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania made some remarks which were very just and
very proper. The gentleman had said that North-
ern men, who were willing to stand by and protect
the rights of the South on this question, would con-
tinue to do so in one event that it was made a sine
qui non—a condition precedent—that the Southern
members should be united among themselves. He,
(Mr. W.,) approving of that sentiment—would ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to state specifically
who from the South had not united on this ques-
tion? He made this request in order that it might
not be supposed that he (Mr. W.) had not united
and voted with the South on this question.
Mr. Bidlack would return the compliment of
the gentleman from Virginia, by saying that his re-
marks were very sensible and his requests very
reasonable; but he did not know that it would be
parliamentary for him to refer by name to mem-
bers of the last Congress who were members of the
present, and had changed their ground on this sub-
ject. He would, however, remark that the gen-
tleman from Virginia would find that there were
some coming from his own State, Virginia; that
there were others from Kentucky; and that there
were others from North Carolina; and the gentle-
man from Virginia could ascertain who they were
by a reference to the journals of the House.
Sir, said Mr. B. you will remember that I remon-
strated against it at the time. We had a position
which the gentleman from North Carolina, in his
simile of a oattle, has well represented as an exposed
one for Northern men; it was a position on the
field in which they were sometimes exposed to two
fires—one in which they were doing violence to the
feelings of some of'their best friends at home.
Standing thus in the place of allies to the South, had
they not a right to expect that no portion of the main
line should either retreat or reserve their fire? And,
above all, might they not demand that there should
be no going over to the enemy? If you have a right
to claim that we shall not surrender a post admitted
to be a disadvantageous one, and an exposed one,
certainly we may demand that none of you shall
join the ranks of the enemy, and give them the
victory. This had been done on some occasions,
as the journals of the last Congress would show.
Mr. B. must say that he felt sore upon this subject,
and that they had more cause of complaint against
Southern men in this Congress than in the last. So
long as he had been told, when he came here, that
those Southern men who would not unite with the
great mass of the South upon this subject had been
left at home, he had been disposed still to go with
the South. But he found, if these gentlemen
had been left at home, others had been sent here to
supply their places and give the same votes. These
were facts sufficient to make Northern men stop and
examine the ground, and see if, in a doubtful case,
they had not a right to judge for themselves, and act
strictly in accordance with the dictates of their own
conscience. Other motives had been presented be-
fore him. He had been told by his constituents,
when they had seen the results of the election of
1840, inasmuch as a majority of the citizens of a
majority of the Southern States had fought under
