CONGRESSIONALGLOB1.
Potter, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, St. Jolrn, Saun-
ders, Thomas H. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, Stiles, Taylor,
Thompson, Weller, Wentworth, and Woodward—-84.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Barringer, Bar-
nard, Beardsltyp, Bidlack, James Black, Brodhead, Jeremiah
Brown, Buffington, Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Chilton, Clingman,
Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis,
Dean, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Ellis, Far-
lee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, French, Jb'rick, Giddings,
Willis Green, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Henley, Hub-
bell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph
R. Ingersoll, Irvm, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Preston King,
Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsn,
Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Ncs, Newton, Parmen-
ter, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix, Elisha R. Potter, Pratt,
Ramsey, Rathbun, Aim on H. Read, Charles M. Read, Ritter,
Rodney, Rogers, Russell, Sample. Schenck,*Senter, Sever-
ance, David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, John T.
Smith,- Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart,
Stone, Sykes, T^homasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Wheaton, W^ite, Williams, Wilkins,
Wmthrop, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—102.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
The call for resolutions from States was then pro-
ceeded with, the State of Ohio being next in order.
CIRCUIT COURTS IN OHIO. '
Mr. HARPER offered the following; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire into ihe expediency of reporting an a<.t
to amend the act of the 10th March, 1838, entitled "an act
to change the time of holding the circuit and district courts
in the district of Ohio," approved June 1st, 1842; and that the
petitions m relation to that subject, now on the files of this
House, be taken therefrom, and referred to paid committee.
COMMITTEES ON COMMERCE.
Mr. VINTON offered the following; which lies
over, under the rule:
Resolved., That the present Committee on Commerce shall
herealter be called''the Committee on Foreign Commerce,"
whose duty it shall be to take into consideration all such peti-
tions, matters, or things, touching the commerce of the United
States with foreign nations, as shall be referied to them by
the House; and, fiom time to time, to report their opinion
thereon, togetker with such propositions relative thereto as to
them shall seem expedient. And there shall also be a standing
committee of nine members, to be called "the Committee on
Commerce among the Stales," whose duty it shall be to take
into consideration allsuch petitions, matters,or tr ings, touching
the commerce among the several States, as shall be referred to
them by the House; and, from tirae to time, to report their
opinion thereon, together with such propositions relative there-
to as to them shall seem expedient.
REORGANIZATION OF THE MILITIA.
Mr. MOORE offered the following resolution;
"which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to lay be-
fore this House, at his eailiest convenience, any plan or recom-
mendations he may ihink expedient and proper in relation to
the reorganization and discipline ofthe militia.
OFFICERS AND CREW OF THE GRAMPUS.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the ( ommiffee on Naval Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of placing on
the pension list the sus vivmg widows and orphans of the offi-
cers and crew who perished m the United States schooner
Grampus; and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. GIDDINGS gave notice that he should here-
after ask leave to introduce a bill, the title of which
was not read.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following; which
lies over, under the rule:
Resolced, That the Secretary of the Treasury cause to be
laid before the House a statement, showing the value of manu-
factures of wool, cotton, eiik, flax, iron, glass, paper, hemp,
and the quantity of sugar, mousses, tea, coffee, hemp, cordage,
and salt, imported annually, after deducting the re-exportations
entitled to dtawback; the rate of duty and amount of duty, de-
duciion being made for drawback, which acciupd nna.ily on
each rffp^tu'cSy. from 1800 to 1811, from 1812 to ISlv, from
1816 o 1F2-1, :V >m 1S25 to 1828, Irom lb29 to 1832, and irom
183rf to 1442. mc's'sive. 2d. A st-jtcment phowmg the value
of lmpor's, arid the amount ol duties which accrued fhereon,
after deducting diaw'oacke. annually Irom 1800 to 1842, inclu-
sive. 3d. A statement showing ihe quantify ot refined sugar
imported, the rate of drawback, and the amount oi such draw-
back, annually, during the same period.
THE FINE.
Mr. DAWSON offered the following resolution,
and moved the previous question:
Resolved, That on Saturday next, at 3 o'clock, the debate
upon bill No, 1 [General Jackson's] shall cease, and the com-
mittee shall proceed to vote upon any amendments that may
be pending, or that may be submitted and; then report the bill,
with such amendments as shall have been agreed to, to the
House.
Upon the motion for the previous question, tellers
were demanded.
Messrs. Cave Johhson and Jenks were ap-
pointed to act as tellers; and, having counted the
votes, they reported 85 in the affirmative, and 65
in the negative.
The SPEAKER then put the question, "Shall
the ttiam question be now put?" which was
to, and the yeas and nays demanded on
the passage of the resolution; which being ordered,
were taken, and resulted—yeas 118, nays 55, as fol-
lows:
, YE^?—Messrs. Anderson, Barringer, Beardsley, Ben-
ton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, Jas. Black, James A. Black
Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Boyd, Jacob Brmkerhoff. Brod'
head, William J. Brown, Buffington, Burke, Burt, Cald-
well, Campbell, Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cul-
lom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis, John "W. Davis, Daw-
son, Deberry, Dillingham, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer
Farlee, Ficklin, Florence, Foster, French, Frick, Gilmer',
Byram Qreen, Hale, Hamlin, Haralson, Henley, Herrick',
Holmes, Houston, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, Washing-
ton Hunt, James B. Hunt, Irvm, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King, Kirkpatrick,
Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mc-
Causlen, McClelland, McConnell, McKay, Moore, Edward
J. Morris, Newton, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Phce-
nix, Pratt, Rathbun, Almon H. Read, DavidS. B.eid, Reding,
Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Thomas
H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles,
Stone, Sykes, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Williams,
Wilkins, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost 118. '
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barnard, Belser, Bowlin, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown. Carroll, Chilton, Collamer,
Cranston, Dean, Delict, Dickey, Dickinson, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Fish, Foot, Giddings, Willis Green, Grider, Hardin,
Harper, Hoge, Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jameson,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, McClernard,
McDowell, Mcllvaine. Marsh, Mathews, Joseph Morris,
Morse, Moseley, Nes, Norris, Patterson, Peyton, EJisha
R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Ramsey, Charles M. Read,
Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, David L.
Seymour, John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, An-
drew Stewart, Taylor. Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter,
Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, White, and Winthrop—55.
There not being two-thirds of the votes in the
affirmative, the resolution was not agreed to.
DUTY ON SALT.
Mr. JOHN W. DAYIS offered the following;
which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill so
modifying the present tariff, as to abolish the duty on salt.
AD VALOREM DUTY.
Mr. PETTIT offered the following; which also
lies over:
Resolved, That all branches of industry ought to be placed,
or rather left, on the same fooling; and that no legislative ad-
vantage ought to be given to one class of our citizens following
any particular occupation, over any other class following any
other occupation.
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means he in-
structed to bung in a bill providing for an exclusively ad valo-
rem tariff upon all importations at the lowest rate of per cent,
that will, m their opinion, furnish the necessary revenue for
the United States.
FLORIDA SQUADRON.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana offered the following
resolution; which also lies over:
Resolved, That the SecteUry oftheNavybe required to
report to this House, at as early a djy ol ihe present session as
convenient, when the squadron under the command of Lieut.
John i$. McLaughlin was ordered into the service of the Florida
war; the numbei and grade of vessels uuder his command; and
the whole number of men, officers, sailors, soldiers, and ma-
rines stated separately; the amount of pay received by the
comm.mddiii; if anyextia 01 additional, fui what.and how much,
statins the amount of pay given to each cla^s of officer sepa-
rately; how long it was Irom the sailing of the squadron to the
end ot the expedition; the amount of all binds ot supplies
properly chargeable tosaid expedition, s'aung the kind? ol sup-
plies under their proper heads?, anrl giving rhe "hospital supply
in detail; also, to siate the loss of life in the expedition; those
who tels victims to the climate by sickness, andilio.se who weie
killed m baffle; then* number (no' their names) and the number
of the enemy that was killed or «aken m battle; to state the
average number of sick m the hospital during the tune indi'
cated; also, to state wiiethei canoes were used m the expedition
against the Indians; what was the cost of the aggie jate, and
what the cost of each separately.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. OWEN, the following resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of America in Co7igress assembled, That
in acco.dance with the provisions of the second article ofa
convent'on between the United States of America, and the
King of the United Kingdom of Gieat Britain and Ireland, of
the bthSeptember, 1827, continuing indefinitely the provisions
of the third article of the convention of 20fh Otober. 1818,
relative to the joint occupancyby Great Britain, and the United
States ol America, of certain lands on the northwest coast of
America, westward of the Stoiry Mountains, commonly called
the Territory of Oregon, the Presidentof the United States be
requested to give due notice of twelvemonths to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, that, after theexpiration ol the said term
of notice, the United States of America will annul and abrogate
the said convention of the 6th September, 1827, so continuing
the provisions of the thirdj article of the convention of 20th
October, 1818, as aforesaid.
On motion of Mr. HENLY, the following resolu-
tion was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo directed
to inquire inio the expediency of providing by law for a
regulation of the fees allowed to the proper officers for certifr
cates and other papers issued to foreigners wishing"; to be*
come citizens of the United E"-'~
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. BROWN of Indiana, on leave, and • in pur-
suance of notice previously given, introduced a bill
to grant pre-emption rights to actual settlers on the
lands acquired by treaty from the Miami Indians:
read twice, and referred to the Committee oa the
Public Lands.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered, and agreed
to:
, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roaus be instructed to inquire into the expediency of reducing
the postage of letters so as to make but two rates of postage—
all letters under 300 miles, five cents; and all letters of 300 miles
and upwards, 10 cents; and of confining the (franking privilege
of postmasters to official business connected with their office;
and of reducing and curtailing the franking privilege of mem-
bers of Congress to a definite and limited number of letters, re-
ducing the) weight of the package they are allowed to frank;
and of confining the Post Office Department to the business
that properly belongs to the same, and not subject the same to
the immense business of the ether departments of the Govern-
ment; and report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. SANFORD, the memorial of
Jacob Bigelow, attorney in fact of all the heirs of
Francis Cazot, together with the report of Virgil
Maxcy, Solicitor of the Treasury, on the subject,
made to the Senate in December, 1836, was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ALMON H. READ moved that the House
proceed to the election of postmaster.
Mr. FICKLIN hoped the gentleman would suf-
fer the business of receiving resolutions to be fin-
ished.
The SPEAKER «aid that the motion was not
then in order.
CHOCCHUMA AND COLUMBUS LAND
SALES.
Mr. THOMPSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lande be In-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to
this House to legalize the sales of certain lands, made at Choc*
chumaand Columbus, Mississippi; which, after the definitive
establishment of the boundary line between the ChoctaW .and
Chickasaw cessions, have been found to lie within the latter
cession.
NAVY-YARD AT NATCHEZ.
Mr. HAMMET submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency cf establishing a navy .yard
and depot near the city of Natchez, in theState of Mississippi.
DONATIONS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. SMITH of Illinois submitted the following
resolution; which lies over one day:
Resolced, That the Committee on the Public Lands betel-
strucied 10 inquire into the expediency of the passage of a law
donating eighty acres of land to every actual settler, being tha
head of a family, ami living with the same, and not now the
owner of land, and who, through misfortune or otherwise, is un-
able to purchase. said land to be selected from any lands be-
longing to the Government, which have been in market and
subject to entry nor less than ten years.
EASTERN AND WESTERN APPROPRI-
ATIONS.
Mr. HARDIN, of Illinois, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which lies over one day:
jResolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury be directed to
lepurt to this fiouse, at as early a period as practicable, what
amount of appropriations-have been made by each Congress,
since the 4th ol MUrch, lt-21, for the following purposes:
1. For erecting and repairing light-houses,and for building
and repairing forts east of the Alleghany mountains.
2. For improving harbors and rivers east of the Alleghames,
designating the amount appropriated to each harbor and river.
3." For erecting aad repairing Iight-houaes and forts m or
near the Gulfof Mexico. t .
4. For improving harbors and for building and repairing forte
and lieht houses on the lakes, designating the amount appro-
priated for such purposes to each lake. . .
5 For improving harbors and the navigation of rivers west
of the Alleghanies,designating the amount appropriated to each
rivei and harbor. _
6 For the purpose of erecting and repairing forts west of
the Alleghany mountains.
Resolved, That if one-fifth of the amount of any appropria-
tion heretofore made for any of the foregoing purposes remains
unexpended, the Secretary of the Treasury report the amount
thus unexpended.
CESSION OF LANDS TO THE NEW
STATES.
TVlr. McCLERJNAND submitted the following
resolution; which lies over one (lay:
Resolved, That the Comm ttee on Public Lands be instruct-
ed to inquire into and report upon the expediency of ceding
the public lands lying within the Statea of Alabama, Misaiat
sjppi, Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois, Michigan, Cfiao^
