104
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBtL
and Indiana, to said States respectively, upon such terms as
shall be deemed equitable between said States and the Govern*
meat of the United States.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. HOGE offered the following resolution;
which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municato to this House, at as early a day as practicable—
1st. The amount of lead collected and received by the Gov-
ernment as rent, from the establishment of its agency at the
lead mines of the Upper Mississippi, down to the year 1835;
and the number of salaries or compensation respectively paid
to each of the officers or other persons employed at the said
agency, and engaged in the collection and safekeeping of said
rent lead; and ail other contingent expenses of said agency
during the period aforesaid.
2d. The amount of rent lead received by the Government
from the year 1835 to thepresentiimr,particularly distinguish'
ing the amounts received since the appointment of the pres-
ent superintendent of the lead mines; also, the number and
names of the persons at present in the employment of the
Government as agents, clerks, surveyors, or otherwise, at the
said superintendency; and the lespeciive salaries or compen-
sation paid to each; and other contingent expense growing out
of said agency, and the fund out of which the same are dis-
charged.
3d. The number of leases granted by the present superin-
tendent since his appointment office, and the quantify of
land contained in each; also, the mimbei, as nearly as may be
ascertained from information in the possession of the depart
mem, of persons engaged in mining and farming upon the re-
served lands of the Government on the Upper Mississippi;
also, the instructions of the department to the present superin-
tendent, and expenses of any correspondence between the said
superintendent; and copies of any correspondence between
the said superintendent and the department, upon the subject
of the mineral lands of the Government; and any other infor-
mation in the possession of the department in relation to the
same.
CITY OF CHICAGO.
Mr. WENTWORTH, on leave, introduced a
bill to make Chicago, State of Illinois, a port of en-
try; which passed a second reading, and was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce, on Mr. W.'s
motion.
ILLINOIS AND MICHIGAN CANAL.
Mr. WENTWORTH gave notice that he should,
on to-morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill granting a
donation of land for the completion of the Illinois
and Michigan Canal.
OREGON.
Mr. WENTWORTH introduced the following
resolution; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if m his opinion not
inconsistent with the public interest, copies of all correspond-
ence with any foreign Government relative to the occupancy,
title, discovery, and boundaries of Oiegon Territory.
ONE DOLLAR GOLD COINS.
Mr. DOUGLASS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing, by law,
for iheomageof one dollar gold pieces at the United States
mint, and its branches; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
ILLINOIS LANDS.
Mr. FICKLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he requested,
at his earliest convenience, to lay before this IJuuse a report of
the number of acres of unsold land in the Pales ine, Vineennes,
and Shawneetown land districts, and also the length of time any
portion of said lands has been in market in each d.strict.
And, also, that he lay before this Ilunse a report of the number
of acres of unsold lands lying m the Kaskaskia and Vandalia
land districts, on l! e Kaskaskia river; and that he state the
length of time that land has been offered for pale in each of said
land districts And also, that he give "-iidi information as he
may have relative to the susceptibility of the improvement of
the great Wdbash river, from 'lerre Haute (the termination of
the Wabash and Brio Canal) toils junction with the Ohio liver.
DISTRIBUTION ACT.
Mr. PAYNE, in pursuance of notice given, and on
leave granted, introduced a bill to repeal the laws
distributing the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands among the States: read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BELSER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the furnaces of the House of Representatives
be placed m charge of the Doorkeeper, and that he be author
ized toappoint the necessary superintendents and firemen, with
the sanction of the Speaker, at not exceeding the pay now al-
lowed to the messengers of the House for their services.
CLAIMS ON MEXICO.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies one day:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, so far as in hisjudgment
the same may be done without prejudice to the public interest,
any information in biff possession relative to the> claims of the
citizens of the United States upon the Republic of Mexico;
^opie? of such correspondence a# may have begs had In refer-
ence to the same; and hie views In regard to the adjustment and
liquidation of said claims.
MAIL ROUTES.
Mr. McCONNELL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire iito the expediency of raising the line of tri-
weekly hacks from Montgomery, Alabama, via Witumpka,
Rochford, Talladega, and JefFersonville, thence to Rome, in
Georgia, to four-horse post coaches; and changing said route
so as to go by Jefferson, in the county of Cherokee, Alabama,
with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. JAMESON, in pursuance of notice given,
and on leave granted, introduced a bill making an
appropriation for the pay of horses lost by the
Missouri volunteers in the Florida war.
Also, a bill to repeal so much of the act, approved
23d Augusst, 1842, as requires the 2d regiment of
dragoons to be converted into a regiment of rifle-
men after the 4th of March, 1843; both of which
were read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
VIRGINIA LAND SCRIP.
Mr. BOWER submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of reviving the law authori-
zing the issue of scrip upon Virginia land warrants, and of au-
thorizing the reception of such scrip, and all other scrip is-
sued by the United States, in lieu of, or in payment for, lands
or land claims; to be received in payment for lands subject to
private entry in all land offices in the United States.
Mr. BOWLIN offered the following resolution;
which lies over, under the rule:
1. Resolved, That the Secretary of War bp, and he is here-
by, requested to cause to be laid before the House the late re-
port of ^che engineei employed m the survey of the St Louis
harbor at hi-* earliest convenience, together with hie estimates
of the possible amount necessary for its permanent improve-
ment.
2. Resolved, That the Seccetary of War be, and he is here-
by, requested to cause to be laid before this House the
amount of the separate estimates for the improvement, first,
of the Ohio nver bulow the falls; secondly^ for the improve-
mentof the Mississippi river; thirdly, for the improvement of
the Aikansas river; fourthly, for the improvement of the
Missouri nver: separating the general estimates for these ob-
jects so as to inform the House of the particular estimates of
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. HUGHES, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, asked leave to introduce a bill to organize a
Territorial Government in the Territory of Oregon;
which was read twice, referred to the Committee
on the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CROSS offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of makms an appropri-
ation to complete the survey and demarcation of the boundary
line between the Uniied Slates and the Government of Mexico
ami Texas, to the south, m accordance with the provisions of
the third article of the treaty of amity, settlement, and limits,
concluded between the United States and the King of Spain, in
the year 1817, and subsequently recognised and admitted by
said Government of Mexico and Texas; and of authorizing the
President to employ officers of the corps of topographical en-
gineers to execute said survey.
Mr. McCLELLAND submitted the following;
which was agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be requested to report
to this House the present condition of the public works at
Monroe, Michigan; the sums heretofore expended theieon;
the amount necessary to complete the same; and all the in-
formation he may have in relation thereto.
HARBORS ON THE EASTERN SHORE OF LAKE
MICHIGAN.^
Mr. LYON offered the following; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
appropriations, at the present session of Congress,
for the construction of harbors at the mouth of
the Kalamazoo river, at the mouth of Grand river,
and at New Buffalo, at the mouth of the Galien
river, all in the State of Michigan, and on the east-
ern shore of Lake Michigan.
ELECTION OF POSTMASTER.
Mr. J. B. HUNT submitted a resolution that the
House now proceed to execute the order of the
House directing the election this day of a postmas-
ter of the House; on which he moved the previous
question.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. ADAMS,
Mr. BARNARD, Mr. MILTON BROWN, and
others.
The SPEAKER decided that, as resolutions were
in order from the States, th« gentleman from Michi-
gan had the right to offer this resolution, and that it
would only require a majority vote.
Mr. ADAMS contended that a majority vote
could not change the order of business under a sus-
pension of the rules, and he appealed from the de-
cision of the Speaker; and on his appeal he called
for the yeas and nays. ^
After some observations by Mr. D. H. LEWIS,
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, Mr. BELSER, and Mr. BAR-
NARD, the vote was taken on the appeal, and the
decision of the Chair was decided to be the judg-
ment of the House—yeas 114, nays 58.
On seconding the call for the previous question,
tellers were demanded, and Messrs. Cave Johnson
and Thomasson were appointed by the Chair.
The tellers announced that 85 had voted in the
affirmative; and the main question was then put,
(being upon the adoption of the resolution,) and
decided in the affirmative.
The following nominations were then made.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON nominated D. R. Mc-
Nair. .
Mr. BURKE nominated H. H. Sylvester.
Mr. DUNLAP nominated J. M. Johnson.
Mr. CROSS nominated W. J. McCormick.
Mr. LYON nominated P. H. Brown.
The CHAIR appointed the following gentlemen
to take the number of the votes given to each, and
report the same to the House: Messrs. Cave
Johnson, Burke, and Dunlap.
The House then proceeded to the vote viva voce;
and the roll having been called over, Mr. Cave John-
son, on the part of the tellers, reported the fol-
lowing as the result:
Whole number of votes given - 189
Necessary to a choice - 95
Of which
Wm. J. McCormick received - - - 84 votes.
J. M. Johnson - - - - - 48 "
D. R. McNair - - - - - 44 "
H. H. Sylvester - - - - - 11 "
Abm. Vantine - - - - - I mC
R. H. Brown - 1 "
The following is the vote:
For Wm. J. McCormick.
Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Barrmger, Barnard, Beardsley, Bel-
ser, Edward J Black, James A. Black, Blaekwell, .Milton.
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burt, Campbell, Carroll, Reuben
Chapman, Chilton, Clingman, Clinton, Coles, Collamer,
Cranston, Cross, Garrett Davis, Richard D.Davis, Deberry,
Deliet, Dickey, Dickinson, Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot,
Giddmgs, Gilmer, Willis Green, Grider, Hardin, Harper,
Holmes, Hudson, "Washington Hunt, J. R. Ingersoll, lrvm,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, D P. King, Kirkpatrick, Lewis,
Mcllvaine, Mawh, E.J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, New-
ton, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix, Elisha R. Potter, Ramsey,
C. M. Read, David S. Reid, Rhett, Rodney, Rogers, Sample,
Saunders, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Simpson, Slidell,
Albert Smith, Caleb Smith, Stephens. Andrew Stewart,
Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
White, and Winthrop—84.
For J. AT. Johnson.
Messrs. Benton, Bower, Brinkerhoff, Cary, Catlin. Augus-
tus A. Chapman Cobb, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Daw-
son, Dean, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee,
By ram Green, Hamlin, Haralson, Herxiok, Houston,
Hubbell, Hughes, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkm, McCauslen, McClernand, McCon-
liell, Mathews*, Mooie, Joseph Morris, Payne, Emery L>.
Potter, Relfe, Russell, T. H Seymour, Simons, Robert Smith,
John Stewart, Stiles, Sykes, Taylor, Wheaton, Joseph A.
Wright, and Mr. Speaker—43.
For D. K. McNair.
Messrs. Bidlack, James Black, Bossier, Bowlm, Boyd,
Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Buffington,
Caldwell, John W. Davis, Duncan, Ficklin, Foster, French,
Frick. Hays, Henley, Hoge, James B. Hunt, Charles J. In-
gersoll, Jame&on, Cave Johnson, Kennedy. Labranche,
McClernand, McDowell, Owen, Parmenter, Pettit, Almon
H. Read, Ritter, St John, J.T. Smith, Thos Smith, Steenrod,
Stone, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentworth, Williams.,
Wilkins, and Yo«?t—44.
For li 1i Sylvester.
Messrs. Anderson. Burke Dillingham, Hale, Hungerford,
Preston King, Leonard, Norm, Rathburn, Redmg, and
Stetson--!!.
For R. H. Brown.
Mr. Lyon—1.
No person having received a majority of the whole
number of votes given, there was no election; and
the Speaker directed a second vote to be taken.
The roll having again been called over, the telleis
reported the following as the result:
Whole number of votes given - - - 191'
Necessary to a choice - 96
Of which
Wm. J. McCormick received - 76 votes.
J. M. Johnson - - - - - 66 "
D. R. McNair 46 "
H. H, Sylvester - - 2 "
R. H. Brown r. 1 "
