120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr; Belser.
H. of Reps.
tion said, that ."each House shall kee|) a journal of
its proceedings;" and thereby had, in the most
solemn manner, invested the right to judge of their
correctness, in its members; and, for one, he was
not prepared to substitute the judgment of the Clerk
for the judgment of the majority. He could not
permit that officer, even when actuated by a sense of
duty, where a question of that importance was pend-
ing in this body, to put a protest upon the journals,
in defiance of the House itself. The object of this
clause of the constitution "was to insure publicity
to the proceedings of the legislature, and a corres-
pondent responsibility of the members to their re-
spective constituents."
The honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Barnard,] in his argument on the protest, had said
that those elected by general ticket came into this
hall without color of title; that they stood on this
floor as so many men who might think proper to
step out of that gallery and usurp scats here. If
the gentleman entertained that view of the subject,
he was correct in demanding to have his protest
spread upon the journal; but Mr. B. differed with
him in opinion. He thought they had presented a
prima facie case of right, when they came here, under
the seal and authority of their respective States, and that
such pnma facie right existed, until it was contro-
verted by better testimony. From his researches
on this subject, he had been led to the conclusion
that the sitting members upon this floor, who
came here with the seals of their States,
although elected by the general ticket, had,
by virtue of their representative capacity, the
right not only to sit here, but to vote upon every
question, until this House should determine to de-
prive them of their seats. In declaring his opinion
that they were entitled thus to vote, he was apprized
of the rule of this House, which says "No member
shall vote on any question in the event of which he
is immediately and particularly interested;" and he
also knew that the construction which had been put
upon it contemplated a "direct personal or pecunia-
ry interest." He considered a member's per diem
and mileage just such an interest; but still he thought
the rule must be made subservient to that clause of
the constitution which declares that "each House
shall be the judge of the elections, returns, and qual-
ifications of its own members." And he would for-
tify this opinion by that of one of the most enlight-
ened writers on that instrument, who had emphati-
cally said that "the sitting member must either hold
his seat during the whole period of the investiga-
tion, or lie must be suspended during the same pe-
riod. The uniform practice has been to allow the
member who is returned to hold his seat, and vote
until lie is displaced by the order of the House, af-
ter full investigation."—[See Story's Commentaries on
the Constitution. Abridgment, p. 228.
There was another reason why he could not con-
sent to give that protest a place on the journals.
Each member of this House was interested in pre-
serving its judicial purity; and what kind of judges
were those who had deliberately made up their
minds to the prejudgment of the question, when
they were to sit here and determine, m the last re-
sort, the qualifications of members on this floor? In
a regularly-constituted tribunal, it would be a just
cause for challenge. To the language used in the
paper he (Mr. B.) did not object. It was strong,
firm, and decided. When the members whose seats
are contested were spoken of as "several persons,"
it was only used to distinguish them from "repre-
sentatives;" and when the term "legal fraud" was
mentioned, it implied no criminality of motive, but
merely imputed to the majority an error of judg-
ment.
Mr. B. had, in Alabama,' voted for the general-
ticket law of that (State, and had sustained it as far
as he could. As a question of expediency, address-
ed to him under the constitution of that State, he
could give no other \ ote. The representation in
the legislature of that State, by its constitution, was
based on the free white population; and, in this, it
was unlike the constitutions of Virginia, South
Carolina, and Georgia, which, to some extent, par-
took of the colonial charters. His course in that
State had been to get rid of every distinction found-
ed on property, between its citizens, who had ar-
rived at the age of maturity, and who were possess-
ed of those qualifications required by her constitu-
te m, to make them legal voters. It had been with
1. tin but a question of policy in preferring the gene-
ral ticket; but this policy had passed by. Accord-
ing to his view, the aspect of the matter had been en-
tirely changed. It was no longer a question of poli-
cy, but it was one of resistance to a law of Congress,
passed, as he thought, according to the forms of the
constitution. He had ever believed that either the
district or general-ticket system was constitutional.
There were advantages and disadvantages attend-
ing both; but Congress had deemed it proper, for the
sake of uniformity, to adopt the district system; and
the States should have conformed to it. In fact, if
the law of Congress was constitutional, it was no
longer an open question; for, in the second section
of the sixth article of the constitutiSn, it was de-
clared that "this constitution, and the laws of the
United States, which shall be made in pursuance
thereof; and all treaties made, or which shall be
made, under the authority of the United States,
shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges
in every State shall be bound thereby, anything
in the constitution or laws of any State to the con-
trary notwithstanding."
The constitution also having declared that "each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members," this House
was now organized into a judicial tribunal, for the
purpose of determining the validity of the law of
Congress, declared by the majority of the commit-
tee to be no law; and to see whether or not those
elected by the general ticket are its proper members;
and according to the uniform practice of England
and America, this power of judging has always
been vested in the legislative body itself.
There were two clauses of the constitution which
were said to bear upon the law; and before he pro-
ceeded to examine them, lie would ask what was
the rule which was to govern the House in the ad-
judication of this matter? They were here sitting as
so many judges, to pronounce on the validity of a
law of Congress; and from whose judgment there
was no appeal, but to the people. We are, then,
required to decide for ourselves; and our decision
cannot be re-examined elsewhere. The measure
which we are about to act on is exclusively political;
and no other tribunal, save the people, can review
our opinion. What rule, in such a case, was to pre-
vail? They were bound to look, as in other cases,
to the doctrine of "stare decisis." What would be
the rule which Chief Justice Marshal, if he were
here,.sitting as a judge, would lay down for our gov-
ernment? He would say, whenever a judge was
asked to pronounce a law of the national legislature
void for its repugnancy to the constitution, that it is
"at all times a question of much delicacy, which
ought seldom, if ever, to be decided in a doubtful
case;" and, further, that "it is not on slight implica-
tion and vague conjecture that the legislature is to be
pronounced to have transcended its powers, and its
acts be considered void. The opposition between
the constitution and the law should be such that the
judge feels a clear and strong conviction of their in-
compatibility with each other."—(See 6th Cranch,
p. 87.)
Again: "The presumption must always be in
favor of the validity of laws, if the contrary is not
clearly demonstrated."—(See 4tli Dallas, p. 14.)
What is the law of Congress which it is proposed
to annul? The first section "makes the apportion-
ment directed by the constitution;" and in the lan-
guage of the minority of the committee, "exhausts
the entire authority vested in Congress by the con-
stitution, in regard to the apportionment of repre-
sentatives among the several States." The second
section is in these words:
".9n d be it further enacted, That, in each case where
a State is entitled to more than one representative,
the number to which each State shall be entitled, un-
der this apportionment, shall be elected by districts
composed of contiguous territory, equal-in number
to the number of representatives to which said State
shall be entitled; no one distiict electing more than
one representative."
This is the section which the majority of the com-
mittee assert "is not a law made in pursuance of the
constitution of the United States, and valid, opera-
ti\e, and binding upon the States."
The first clause of the constitution which he would
advert to, was the second section of the first article
of that instrument, containing- "the structure and or-
ganization of the House of Representatives." It reads
as follows:
"The House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members chosen every second year, by the
people of the several States; and the electors in each
State shall have the qualifications requisite for elec-
tor of the most numerous branch of the State legis-
lature,"
It had been asserted by high authority, in refer-
ence to this provision, that, when they spoke of the
people of Charleston, Boston, or New York, they
spoke of the whole people of those respective cities;
and the argument was attempted to be drawn from
these familiar examples, that there was no election
of representatives on this floor which was constitu-
tional, save that where the election was by the xolusle
ale of the State; that the election of a member
is House by the people in a district of a State,
was not an election by the people of the State. He
denied such a doctrine in toto. Who were the people
of the States, in the meaning of the constitution of
the United States? They are those who, in the
States, have "the qualifications requisite for electors
of the mgj3t numerous branch of the State legisla-
ture." "fliese are the persons designated by the con-
stitution to select representatives to Congress. The
people of the States, literally speaking, are the suc-
cessors of the parties to the compact. They are
those in whom is lodged the power of altering the
government. They embrace not only free white
males and females, of age, but also minors, male and
female, not of age. These, in strictness, are the peo-
ple of the States. He contended before this House
that the power to choose representatives might be
exercised oy a portion of the people of the States,
and still the representatives would be elected by the
people of the States. It was purely a right to be ex-
'ercised alone by the States, and over which Congress
had no control.
In the Federalist, page 253, Mr. Madison, says:
"It is a fundamental principle of the proposed con-
stitution, tllat, as the aggregate number of represent-
atives, allotted to the several States is to be desig-
nated by a federal rule, founded on the aggregate
number of inhabitants, so the right of choosing this
allotted number in each State is to be exercised by
such part of the inhabitants as the State itself may
designate." Here Mr. Madison has most forcibly
illustrated two of the provisions of the constitution.
In the apportionment, in the first section of the act
Congress, is to be governed by a federal rule, such
as is embraced in the compromise of the constitu-
tion, in regard to the basis of representation; but the
right to choose the members, after this federal rule
is enforced, entirely appertains to the States, sub-
ject to the limitation in the constitution, as to who
shall be voters in the states, and to the controlling
power of Congress, over the "times, places, and
manner" of holding elections.
But, if gentlemen desired later authority on this
subject, they would find it in the Senate documents of
the first session of the twenty-second Congress, in
the report of the select committee, which consisted
of the ablest men, from different portions of the
Union, with Mr. Webster at their head. They de-
clare, in reporting "an act for the apportionment of
representatives among the several States, according
the fifth census," that "the constitution contem-
plates no integer or any common number for the
constituents of a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives. It goes not at all into the subdivisions
of the population of a State. It provides for the
apportionment of representatives among the several
States", according to their respective numbers, and
stops there. It makes no provision for the repre-
sentation of districts of States, or for the represent-
ation of any portion of the people of a State, less
than the whole. It says nothing of ratios, or of
constitutent numbers. All these things it leaves to
State legislation. The right which each State pos-
sesses to its own portion of the representative pow-
er, is a State right strictly; and is to be used and ex-
ercised as the State may see fit, subject only to the
constitutional qualification of electors."
Again say the committee: "Whether the subdi-
visions of the representative power within any State,
if there be a subdivision, be equal or unequal, or
fairly or unfairly made, Congress cannot know, and
has no authority to inquire. It is enough that the
State presents her own representation on the floor of
Congiess in the mode she chooses to present it. If
a State were to give to one portion of her territory a
representative for every twenty-five thousand per-
sons, and to the rest a representative only for every
fifty thousand, it would be an act of unjust legisla-
tion, doubtless, but it would be wholly beyond re-
dress by any power in Congress; because the con-
stitution has left all this to the State itself. These
considerations, it i3 thought, may show that the
constitution has not, by any implication or necessa-
ry construction, enjoined that which it certainly has
not ordained in terms, viz: that every member of
the House shall be supposed to represent the - same
