CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.
toMr-
which was recommended by the gentleman from
Virginia—a coolness prompted, perhaps, by pecu-
liar delicacy—however acceptable he might render
himself to certain gentlemen upon that floor, he was
very certain that his conduct would not be accepta-
ble to his constituents. Gentlemen, if they thought
proper, might treat the matter as a question of pol-
icy as contradistinguished from principle. They
might, if they thought proper, give to questions of
policy the priority; but as for himself, he would
never succumb to the dictation of any one upon such
a subject. If he could be so lost to his sense
ofdutytohis constituents, he should believe that
he ought to forfeit, and he knew that he would for-
feit, all title to their confidence and consideration.
If, when it is proposed by a majority of the Com-
mittee on Rules to report to the House a set of
rules to govern the Federal legislation of the country,
which would permit abolitionists and incendiaries
to come to that House, and insult him and his con-
stituents,—if, in such case, he were to remain cool
and quiet, he should deem himself unworthy to re-
present the interests of his constituency.
Mr. GILMER asked if the gentleman alluded to
him in the remarks which he had made.
Mr. BLACK said he was not alluding to the gen-
tleman from Virginia at all; but was saying, for him-
self, that he would never be cool while his constitu-
ents were liable to be assailed by incendiaries and
Abolitionists. What he meant to say was, that he
would never permit any mere question of policy to
deter him from a plain and palpable decision of this
question. He would appoach it with the same fear-
less determination, and upon the same inflexible prin-
ciple of right, with which he would approach all
other great questions upon which the country was
divided, and express his opinion openly and above
board. He would come forward in defiance of their
policy, and demand a just and impartial settlement
of the question.
He had voted to reconsider the vote of theHouse,
which had emasculated the report of the Committee
on Rules, because he wanted every man to put his
handwriting upon the wall. He wanted to affix his
own handwriting; nor would he bind himself with
any man or set of men to follow a certain course of
policy, irrespective of principle. Talk to him about
Whigs or Democrats, when the question of aboli-
tion came up in that House—when that great vital
question came" up, talk to him about the policy of
Whigs or the policy of Democrats! He had no poli-
cy on the question. He had a duty to perform; and
that was, to do what was right, regardless of policy.
He would not detain the House longer at present.
When the question should again come up, he would
take occasion to express his views upon it, provided
he could get the floor. He hoped now that the
House would adopt the amendment which he had pro-
posed, to instruct the Committee on Rules to report to
the House that rule by which abolitionists would
be deterred from intruding upon them their incen-
diary doctrines, the effect and operation of which
were most damnable. He desired the vote to be
reorded by yeas and nays; and he relied confidently
upon a Democratic majority to sustain his motion.
Mr. GILMER said there appeared to be some
misapprehension in regard to the question which
was to be reconsidered. If he understood it, it was
the question on laying on the table the motion for
making the report of the committee the special or-
der for a future day.
The SPEAKER remarked that the proposition
for making it the order of the day was not presented
at the time when reports were called for. A motion
was then made to lay the report upon the table,
which was refused; and it was a vote upon that mo-
tion which it was now moved to reconsider; and a
motion to recommit with instructions would be
perfectly in order.
Mr. HOUSTON said he thought it was certainly
very apparent to the House that the question upon
the merits of the report was not now properly be-
fore the House to be debated. It was perfectly use-
less, he conceived, to debate a question which was
not now to be decided by the House. The propo-
sition was merely to recommit the report with in-
structions. Suppose the debate were to take the
range given to it by the gentleman from Georgia:
what would be the result? They might dis-
cuss it for weeks, day after day, and, after all,
they would merely vote on the proposition to re-
commit; and the report would come up at some fu-
ture day, and they would have as much debate up-
on it as at first. # It was a useless consumption of
timg. He was willing, when the (juMtion came up.
that all those gentlemen who had kept their wrath
bottled up for the occasion, should then pour it
forth. He was prepared to hear it, from whatever
side of the House it might come. He was also pre-
pared to vote upon the question to recommit, ana he
desired to know from the Chair what would be the
effect of the previous question upon the proposition
now pending—whether it would not cut off the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia.
The SPEAKER said that that motion would be
unquestionably cut off, if the previous question were
sustained.
Mr. HOUSTON then moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WHITE observed that the previous question
would bring the House to a direct vote upon the
report.
Mr. CLINGMAN desired to address the House;
but the motion for the previous question being press-
ed, after* some further discussion as to the effect of
that motion,
Mr. HENLEY moved to lay the whole subject
upon the table.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked if the Chair had
decided this to be a privileged question.
The SPEAKER replied that he had not.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON desired to know what
would be the effect of laying the question on the ta-
ble, and what it would carry with it.
The SPEAKER replied that the motion to lay on
the table included the whole subject.
Mr. BEARDSLEY desired to know if a majority
could take the subject up again, at any time, pro-
vided it was laid on the table now.
The SPEAKER said that a majority could not
take it up, out of its regular order.
Mr. BEARDSLEY then desired to know at what
time the subject would probably be reached in its
regular order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to any further
arguments by the way of interrogatories.
Mr. HARALSON begged the indulgence of the
Chair, to ask one question necessary to his under-
standing the effect of the vote he was about to give.
In case the motion to lay on the table prevailed, he
desired to know whether it would carry the whole
subject with it, and if so, whether it would require
a vote of two-thirds to take it up hereafter.
The SPEAKER replied that it would require a
vote of two-thirds to take the subject up out of its
order.
The question was then taken, and resulted in yeas
78, nays 106, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Barringer, Bidlack, James Black,
James A. Black, Bossier, Bowlm, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown,
William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton. Cobb,
Coles, Cullom, Daniel, Dawson, Deberry, Dellet, Dickin-
son, Douglass, Dromgoole, French, Gilmer, IFarnmett,
Haralson, Henly, Houston, Hughes, Jameson, Cave John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King,
Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Meclernand, McCon-
nell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph Morris, vi11r-
phey, Newton, Morris. Payne, Pratt, David S.Reid, Reding,
Relte, Rhett, Ritter, Russell, Saunders, Simpson, Slidefl,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, SteenroJ,
Stephens, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentwortli, and Yost—78.
NA\ S—Messrs. Adams, Barnard, Beardsley, Belser,
Benton, F.dward J. Black, Jocob Brinlicrhofi', Brodliead,
Milton Bvgwn, Jeremiah Brown, Bufiington, Cary, Car-
roll, Catlin, Chilton, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Dana,
Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Dean,
Dickey, Dillingham, Dunean, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee,
Ficklin, Fish, Florence, Foot. Foster, Frick. Giddmgs,
Willis Green, Bvram Green, Grider, Hamlm, Hardin,
Harper, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, llnbbell, Hudson, Hun-
gerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J.
Jngersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, Kennedy, D. P. King, Kirkpatriek.Leonanl, Lyon,
McCauslen, McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsh, F.dward J.
Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Owen, Patterson, Peyton,
Phosnix, Elisha B.. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Ramsey,
Rathbun, Charles M. Read, Rodney, Rogers, St. John,
Sample, Scheack, Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith., Caleb B. Smith,
Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Sykes, Tilden,
Tyler, Yance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Wil-
liams, Wilkins.Winthrop, Woodward, and Wright—106.
So the motion to lay on the table was rejected.
The question recurred on seconding the previous
question; when
Mr. RHETT inquired what would be the effect
of the previous question.
The SPEAKER replied, that the effect would be
to bring the House to a direct vote on the instruc-
tions of the eentleman from Georgia [Mr. Black]
and the motion to recommit of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole.]
Tl\s on. seconding pr#yiou* qu«Uon
was then taken by tellers, and decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 60, noes 65. -
Mr. HAMLIN observed that the. question now
before the House was on the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia [BJr. Dromgoole] to recommit
these rules with instructions, as moved by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Black.] Now, he was
opposed both to the recommitment and instructions,
for the reason that the real question involved, which
was the retention or rejection of what was called the
21st rule, must be decided in the House; and there
was, therefore, no use in a recommitment. The
time had gone by, if it ever existed, when the gal-
vanic starts of any gentleman could produce impres-
sions in that hall; and he, for one, should vote on
every question according to the dictates of his judg-
ment. He should vote against the motion to recom-
mit and the instructions, because it would not ad-
vance or retard the business before the House. The
true question before them was, whether they were
to adopt or reject the 21st rule, which excluded
abolition petitions. Now, that question could be
determined as well in the ordinary way of business
on the consideration of the rules, as by a recom-
mitment with instructions. Were the rules again
reported without the 21st rule, it would involve the
decision of the question of restoring it; and were
they reported with it, it would involve the decision
of the question of abolishing it. One word in re-
gard to the position in which many gentlemen find
themselves olaced, and certainly in which he him-
self was placed. He did not wish to have his
views on this important subject mistaken, nor his
votes misconstrued, by giving them on mere collat-
eral issues. He should, therefore, vote against this
21st rule; because he believed the right of petition
to be a constitutional one, not dependent on the
judgment of any member of the House, or any oth-
er body. When this House declared, in advance,
that it would not receive petitions of a certain elaas,
it prejudged the matter, and came in conflict with a
constitutional right. He knew that any action on
these petitions must proceed from the votes of a
majority; and therefore it was inferred that a majo-
rity could decide against them in advance. But if a
constitutional right could be taken away in the
judgment of a majority on this question, the same
thing might be done on any other question. He was
in favor of rejecting this 21st rule, and in favor of
receiving all the petitions that may be offered; and
he was for referring them to a committee consisting
of members in favor of the objects embraced in them.
Let tlus committee, said Mr. H. report to us what
are the duties we owe—not to the South, but to the
Union, the whole Union, and nothing but the Union.
Then, said Mr. H., it will be seen if we do not
come up to the .mark—ay, sir, and will stand by
the Union and those institutions reared by the wis-
dom of our fathers, and cemented by their blood.
We will stand by it, at the expense of our own
lives and the desolation of our firesides. All we
ask, then, is, that our friends of the South will not
mistake us—that they will not subject us to mis-
construction on mere collateral issues. Give us but
an opportunity to spread upon your journals the
obligations we owe to the Constitution—the obliga-
tions we owe to our fathers and ourselves to per-
petuate the blessings conferred by the glorious Con-
stitution they have bequeathed us. Then it will be
seen how we shall perform our duty, not to-the
South, but to the whole Union.
Mr. BEARDSLEY observed, that the select
committee appointed to consider and reportn on set
of rules and regulations for the government of the
proceedings of the House, had agreed on a report
which was then before them. That committee,
with the exception of one or two gentlemen, who
were absent—
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to a question of order.
Did he understand the gentleman as alluding to the
absence of members of the committee ?
Mr. BEARDSLEY replied that h« had stated
that a majority of the committee were present, and
that though one or two were absent, they doubtless
had good reasons for it. Did he understand the
gentleman as calling him to order?
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that if the gentleman
insisted upon it, he did call him to order. It was
out of order for a gentleman to allude to the absenoe
of members of a committee.
The SPEAKER also intimated that the gentle-
man from New York was not in order.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said he did not intend to
eaft my reflection on any gentlimw- H  then
