110
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that there is no committee that will report a bill for
the abolition of slavery in this District. We shall
then have it in our power to show the people of the
South that, so far from being abolitionists, we are in
fact opposed to the abolition of slavery.
If it was not out of order, he desired to ask his col-
league on his right [Mr. Gildings] one question,
which he could answer or not, as he pleased. He
was in possession of a paper, though he had it not
here, representing that his colleague made a speech
at a meeting of a number of abolitionists; and m the
course of its delivery, read a letter from Mr. Clay,
setting forth that he concurred with him in all his
doctrines on the subject of abolition.
Mr. GIDDINGS. "Will my colleague yield the
floor?
Mr. DUNCAN. Yes, sir, for an answer to my
question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Am I in possession of the
floor, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. Just for an explanation, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If I have the floor, it will take
me just one hour to give the explanation.
Mr. DUNCAN. Well, if it will take an hour to
answer a simple question, I had rather do without
the answer, and go on with my remarks. The gen-
tleman, then, does riot feel disposed to answer.
_ Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes, sir, I do; but I must have
time for it.
Mr. DUNCAN could only say that he had seen
it stated in a newspaper, that the gentleman made a
speech at a meeting of a number of his constituents,
in the course of which, he read a letter from Mr.
Clay, setting forth that he was with him in every
essential particular on the subject of abolition. He
had never seen that statement contradicted,.and the
gentleman himself had never contradicted it. He
might now take an hour to deny it.
To return to the subject from which he had di-
Sessed. He would ask the country and ask the
emocratic party, if they were to be further gulled
with this miserable humbug. They had already
consumed a considerable portion of the session in
worse than useless discussion on this subject, to the
exclusion of all other business; and it would con-
tinue to obstruct the business of the House, if some
order was not taken to prevent it. It seemed to him
that the best way of disposing of the subject would
be to establish the rules as reported by the select
committee; and let all the petitions be received and
referred. This course he was satisfied would save
time, as he had seen both this and the opposite
course tried. There was less time consumed m the
reception of abolition petitions and debates on them
while this practice prevailed, than since. It would
not only save time, but it would settle the question
abroad. The people claimed to be the judges of
what it was proper for them to petition on; 'and if
any one thing had manufactured abolitionism more
than another, it was the rule forbidding the recep-
tion of abolition petitions. The cry had been
raised, "The Constitution is violated; we no longer
enjoy the privileges of American citizens." That
cry was caught by all who did not investigate the
subject as clearly as some of his Southern friends
did. They took the Constitution according to its let-
ter; and believed that, in the refusal to receive pe-
titions, a constitutional right was invaded. Then
(said Mr. D.) wo owe it to ourselves, to our duty,
and to the prejudices and feelings of the people,
that these petitions shall be received. So far as
danger to the Union had been spoken of, he did not
believe there was any to be apprehended. He be-
lieved there could be no danger in giving the people
their constitutional rights.
Mr. A. V. BROWN next obtained the floor;
when
Mr. GIDDINGS asked him to yield him the
floor to enable him to answer his colleague, [Mr.
Duncan.]
Mr. A. V. BROWN replied that the gentleman
from Ohio could answer his colleague at another
time as well as now.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman allow me
tsn minutes?
Mr. A. V. BROWN wished, before he answered
the gentleman, to inquire whether the debate would
continue, after the expiration of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that the
debate was limited to the morning hour, and that
would expire in ten minutes.
Mr. A. V. BROWN then yielding the floor, rc*
marked that it would no doubt be considered veiy
liberal in him to allow the gentleman from Ohio too
'if his ten minutes,
Mr. GIDDINGS said he was under an obligation
to his colleague for the question he had propounded,
and he should respond to it with pleasure.
In the latter part of September last, he said he ad-
dressed the people of Oberlin. They were mostly
of that class who are called the liberty party. In
the course of his remarks, he endeavored to con-
vince them that a separate political organization, for
the sole purpose of maintaining the constitutional
rights of the pe.ople of the free States in regard to
slavery, was necessary. It was one of the objec-
tions of these men that Southern slaveholders would
never be persuaded to support the Constitution in
the spirit in which it was adopted. On this point
(Mr. G. said) he endeavored to persuade them that
they were in error; that Southern men who loved the
Constitution, and who were sworn to support it,would
turn their attention to those rights, ana would meet
us on the line of the Constitution, and would unite
with Northern men in the maintenance of all the
rights of all the States. He remarked that he quo-
ted instances of Southern slaveholders, whom he
respected, and who had shown themselves willing
to meet the North upon the true constitutional line.
He said he then stated that he would read a letter
from a Southern man, and a slaveholder, in which
his own sentiments were set forth in full. He then
read the letter; and, on a call for the name, he an-
nounced it to be Mr. Clay. He then went on to say
that it was C. M. Clay, one of the wealthiest, and
mostpure, and most influential men in Kentucky.
Mr. G. said he went on to say that he had no authority
to say that Henry Clay would thus support the
Constitution; but that, from his acknowledged pa-
triotism, and devotion to his country, he had no
doubt that he would support the constitutional
rights of the North as firmly as he would those fo
the South.
Mr. G. said he was informed that an editor
was present who had, a few< days previously, pub-
lished a vile falsehood, saying that lie (Mr. G.) had
been expelled from Congress for presenting resolu-
tions to dissolve the Union; and he then called pub-
lic attention to this libel and slander. This editor
had seen fit to publish the misrepresentation to
which his colleague had referred, which was an un-
mitigated falsehood.
Mr. DUNCAN inquired whether his colleague
had stated to the meeting that the letter was from
Cassius M. Clay, and whether his colleague had
ever contradicted the report in writing.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that he had stated to the
meeting that it was from Cassius M. Clay, and
that he expressly said that Henry Clay had never
been called on as to these points; that when he first
saw the report, taken from the Richmond Enquirer,
he had instantly written to the editor, stating these
facts; and this letter had been published in that pa-
per and others; and if his colleague had not seen it,
the fault lay not on himself.
Mr. A. v. BROWN observed, he was a little
afraid that the indulgence he had extended to the
gentleman from Ohio had resulted as any indul-
gence to abolition petitions would. The gentleman
had asked for only two minutes, and had taken five;
and he was afraid that, when they yielded to these
abolitionists what they now so strenuously contended
for—the right of petition—they would not be con-
tent to stop there, but would go on asking for more
and more indulgences, until they succeeded in ac-
complishing their objects.
His object in addressing the House now was, not
for effect abroad, but to have some effect in the
House, and contribute, if possible, something to-
wards the settlement of this delicate and per-
plexing question. He was in favor of commit-
ting this report; not because it did not contain the
21st rule, but because it contained no rule at
all to govern their proceedings on abolition petitions.
There was a time when there was no rule on this
subject: but what time was it' It was when the
fell spirit of fanaticism had never invaded this hall;
but since it had begun to infest the land, these peti-
tions came in in such numbers, that,with the size of
that body, there were not members enough to act on
them as the petitioners desired. There was, there-
fore, a necessity for some rule to govern their ac-
tion on them, though some gentlemen told them that
they could do without rules; that two hundred and
twenty men, having to act every day on the impor-
tant business of the country, could, at the same time,
act consistently and understanding^ on these peti-
tions, without any rule at all. In former times, the
House disposed of this subject by resolutions.
They had the'Patton resolution thePinckney reiso- j
lution, and the Atherton resolutions; and, finally,
they adopted the 21st rule. At that time they were
told by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] by John C. Clark, by Seth M. Gates, and
other abolitionists on that floor? Why, they pro-
claimed eternal opposition to that rule; not because
they favored or opposed the objects they had in
view, but because, as they contended, it was an
abridgement of the great right of petition. What
did they now hear? What did they hear from those
they called their friends? men who would go with
them in sustaining the great compromises of the
Constitution; who loved that instrument, and were
ready to stand or fall by its 
The SPEAKER here informed the gentleman that
the morning hour had expired.
Mr. SAUNDERS moved to suspend the rules to
allow Mr. Brown to go on with his remarks. He
wished this debate to be brought to a close.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL called for the
yeas and nays; but a sufficient number not rising
to sustain the call, they were not ordered.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked if the motion did
not'require a two-thirds vote to sustain it.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then called for tellers;
but the call was not sustained.
On taking the question, the ayes were 73, noes 61.
So the rules were not suspended, there not being
a majority of two-thirds.
The SPEAKER announced that the first business
in order was the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating the names of the parties
entitled and the amount respectively due of the old
funded and unfunded debt, payable on presentation
under the resolution of the House of 7th January
last; the pending question being on the motion to
print.
, Mr. CAYE JOHNSON observed, that since this
subject was up last, he had been to the Treasury
Department, where he had been informed by the
proper officer-——
Mr. BARNARD here raised the question of or-
der, that the resolutions which were laid over on no-
tice of debate, had the priority over this report.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON resumed. He had
learned at the Treasury Department that whilst the
bank of the United States acted as commissioner of
loans, they had the possession of all the books con-
taining the record of these claims, and the officers
were of opinion that somebody had got possession of
the names of the claimants, and was using the record.
It would, therefore, benefit the claimants to have the
names published. He proposed, however, to refer
the matter to the Committee of Ways and Means,
to inquire and report what restrictions, if any, might
be necessary in the publication.
The report was then referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury:
Treasury Department,
January 5th, 1844.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit the annual re-
port of the Solicitor of the Treasury, in relation to
the arduous duties with which he is charged. It
will be found to contain very useful information, and
some most valuable suggestions for the better man-
agement of the property which the United States
has acquired, and hereafter may acquire, upon sales
under executions in their favor, as well as upon
other subjects of great interest.
J. C. SPENCER.
Hon. J. W. Jones,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Also, a letter from the Commissioner of Public
Buldings, transmitting, in compliance with the act of
Congress, his annual report of the manner in which
all appropriations for the Public Buildings and
Grounds have been applied; which report was refer-
red to the Committee on the Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of War, stating
that he had examined and audited the acounts of the
legal representatives of Captain S. Skinner, deceased,
and transmitting the report of the 3d Auditor of the
Treasury upon that subject: referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Also, a letter from the Mayor of Alexandria, trans-
mitting a copy of a preamble and resolutions of the
Common Council of Alexandria, relating to the Bank
