CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• 1*1.
of Potomac and Farmers' Bank of that city: referred
to the Committee'for the District of Columbia.
general jackson's fine. ■
On the motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, the
House" resolved itself into Committee of the Whole,
Mr". Davis of Indiana in the chair, and proceeded
'with the consideration, of the bill to refund the
fine imposed on General Jackson by Judge Hall of
New Orleans.
Mr. WELLER was entitled to the floor, and rose
to address the committee. He said when this bill
was first introduced, the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Barnard,] who it seemed had lashed himself
into arage, announced, that they were about to pass an
act in direct violation of the Constitution, but that they
should not do it without being informed of the fact.
Now it was exceedingly fortunate for the majority
on that floor that they could have the opinion of the
learned gentleman from New York; that "a Daniel
had come to judgment," and that the schoolmaster
was abroad in the land The gentleman from New
York spent a large portion of his hour—and he
hoped, now, the House was satisfied that there was
some good reason for the passage of the hour rule—
in his effort to prove that the Constitution did not
permit Gen. Jackson to proclaim martial law. Why,
who ever pretended that it did! The friends of this
bill placed its justification on the law of necessity.
The declaration of martial law was an act for which
General Jackson was responsible to the country, if
the circumstances by which he was surrounded
were not a sufficient justification; and in order to
decide the question whether General Jackson acted
right or wrong, it was unjust to argue what the
circumstances were by which he was surrounded
at the time to which this bill related. Now what
was the position of General Jackson at that time?
He had been informed, previous to going to New
Orleans, by the Governor of the State of Louisiana,
that disaffection existed among the citizens of New
Orleans. He was so informed by a man who was
in a position to understand the feelings and opin-
ions of the people; and it is a fact already spread
on the page of history, that many of the natu-
ralized citizens of that city applied for exemp-
• tion from service in the American army—citi-
zens, too, some of whom held high office un-
der the Government of the State of Louisiana.
And after General Jackson arrived in the city of
New Orleans, he found placards in the public places
. of the city calling upon and invoking one portion
of the population to a servile insurrection. It was
well known that this disaffcetion which had been
. spoken of by the Governor existed, to a great extent;
and having been placed on his guard against this dis-
affection, after having been called upon by the pub-
lic men of the city of New Orleane, and invoked to
proclaim martial law, then, and not till then, did he
take the responsibility of that step. He placed his
destiny on the circumstances that surrounded him,
and relied on them for his justification, knowing
that if he was wrong, he was damned forever in the
opinion of the American people. It was now con-
tended, by that act,that Gen. Jackson was guilty of a
usurpation. Yes, after he had been called upon by
the public men of New S0rleans—by many of the
holders and owners of property which was in dan-
ger—when he acted upon their directions, and de-
clared martial law, it had been attributed to him
thathe acted with tyranny. If, then, the circumstan-
stances justified him in proclaiming martial law, it
became necessary for General Jackson to disobey
the writ of habeas corpus for the matainenance
of discipline in his camp. And the necessity of the
proclamation of martial law being manifest, the only
, question was, the necessity of continuing martial
law up to the 13lh of March. It was true, that a
rumor reached New Orleans that a place had been
agreed upon; but the same day which brought this
rumor brought an additional letter from the Secre-
tary of War ordering General Jackson to add to his
army two additional regiments. General Jackson,
anxious to save the lives of his own people, as well
as of the enemy, made a proposition to the British
commanding officer to suspend hostilities, but that
proposition was rejected. General Jackson was,
therefore, compelled to maintain his position until
he was relieved by official intelligence.
But after his victory at New Orleans, when all
classes of the people were pouring forth their grati-
tude to that man as their saviour, who rose up as
thei vindicator of the law? Who asserted that the
Constitution had been violated? Who denounced
General Jackson as a tyrant and a usurper? Was
it an American? Was it a man born on her soil' A
man through whose veins circulated American
blood? No, sir; it was an Englishman. It was a
man born in the same country which sent forth that
army which General Jackson defeated.
Mr. BARNARD rose and requested the. gentle-
man from Ohio to state his authority for calling
Judge Hall an Englishman.
Mr. WELLER said this was his authority: The
declaration had been made, and never contradicted;
it was also stated on this floor-a few days since by
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Smdell,]
who, he presumed, was familiar with the history of
Judge Hall.
Mr. BARNARD said if the gentleman from Ohio
would permit him, he would state that an old and
respectable inhabitant of this city, with whom he
(Mr. B.) was acquainted, knew Judge Hall when he
was in college in Pennsylvania at about the age of 16
years, and knew also that his family then resided
m Philadelphia. That gentleman, he was also in-
formed, was acquainted with Judge Hall to the time
of his death.
Mr. WELLER said this might be true, and yet
it did not prove that Judge Hall was a native citi-
zen of the United States; nor were any of the parties
concerned in the contest with General Jackson at
that time—neither Hall, nor Morell, nor Martin,
nor Louallier—natives of the United States. It came
then to this, that the American Constitution was to
be vindicated exclusively by foreigners. This
British judge was to become the vindicator of
American law. This, he confessed, was to him a
remarkable circumstance.
But who had they here in opposition to this bill?
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnard]
stood in the front, to proclaim that, to pass this bill
tc> refund the fine to Gen. Jackson, would be a viola-
tion of the law and Constitution. Why, in the last
Congress, that gentleman could take $25,000 ^ from
the national treasury, and bestow it upon a widow.
That was no violation of law at all. The Senate of
the United States also voted $200,000 to the Massa-
chusetts militia that refused to fight in the last war.
That was no violation of the Constitution. The
Senate of the United States could also report a bill
—for it went no further—to pay the heirs of old
Isaac Hull some $2,000 or $3,000—he who treach-
erously surrendered an American army into the hands
of the British—he meant Gen. Hull; everybody
knew him—and there was no -violation of law in that.
But now, when a proposition was made to refund a
fine unjustly imposed on General Jackson, the very
persons who did these things woke up and talked
about violations of the Constitution; but God save
that instrument, if it fell into the hands of such men !
Well, now, they had been asked why this bill had
not been passed before; and that was urged as an
argument why it should not be passed now? He
would reply, that this question was never agitated
in this hall, until public opinion had been set in motion
by the people. There was no movement on the part of
politicians to make political capital out of the refund-
ing of this fine, until the people m the different
States acted upon this House. But they were to be
told now by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Peyton,] that the object of this bill was to make
political capital, and that it was not passed alone to
redeem the fame of General Jackson. The gentle-
man said this had not been done before, because
they did not care about it, and that it had all been
an afterthought. He also said;
"You were then rich, strong, and proud; your
political capital was at 'the flood,'and you needed the
aid of 110 such humbugs. You are now poor, bank-
'rupt, humble, timid; and, like drowning men, you
are catching at straws."
This was one of the most remarkable discoveries
of the age. The gentleman from Tennessee had
found out that the Democratic party was bankrupt;
but where did he find its evidence? In the popular
elections which had taken place in the different
States of this Union? Was it in the complexion of
this House? Did the gentleman remember that, at
the extra session of Congress, his party had a ma-
jority of near forty-five, while now, under the op-
eration of the "sober second thought of the people,"
the Democratic majority was sixty or seventy on
this floor? Where, then, was the evidence thatthey
were bankrupt5 Democracy dead! No, it never
dies. It might be put down for a time. They
might prostrate the leaders of the party—those who
stood prominent in the ranks; but Democratic prin-
ciples can never be destroyed; they were principles
which liberalize the feelings, and expand the heart;
and make man what God intended him to be His
noblest work. Democracy was founded on eternal and
immutable truth; and ' ,
"Truth crush'd to earth will rise again." ,
No, no; let not the gentleman from Tennessee
"Lay that flattering unction to his soul.''
Democracy dead or bankrupt! The gentleman from
Tennessee would find them in the field before this
year had rolled over them, fighting as gallantly, but
more successfully than thev fought in 1840. Oil
their flag the same principles would be inscribed;
and under that flag they,would rally with as much
energy and perseverance as their fathers fought
when they shook off the yoke of colonial bondage.
Let not the gentleman then suppose that the Dem-
ocratic party were bankrupt.
But there were some other remarkable things in
tire speech of the gentleman from Tennessee, who
was peculiarly the Representative of the district in
which the old hero resides. That gentleman cams
into this hall and said the refunding' of this fine
would take away from General Jackson the bright-
est of his military honors; and yet the gentleman
from Tennessee, while professing to be a friend of
General Jackson, said he would vote for this bill.
Mr. PEYTON explained.
They were told that those who were advocating
the passage of this bill were merely the pretended
friends of General Jackson; and yet it was said by
the same gentleman,(and said in a very conciliatory
manner,) if the fricA of General Jackson want to
give him a thousand dollars, in God's name let them
do it. But (s£d Mr. W.) General Jackson is no
beggar. Thank God, he has enough of the neces-
saries of life to sustain him during the remainder of
his days.
From the language of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, it might be supposed that General Jackson
was a vagabond, a beggar, knocking at our dooris,"
and asking for a pension, a bounty or a gratuity.
Sir, that is not the ground on which we demand the
restitution of the fine. General Jackson asks
nothing from your charity; he asks nothing but
justice—that justice which the veriest crimi-
nal has a right to demand. And when does
he ask this? JVbto, when he_ is no longer in
the political arena; no longer in the way of the
gentlemen (forlie has been in their way a long time.)
JV'otti, when he* has reached the age of three-score and'
ten, and is about to pass to "that bourne whence
no traveller returns," he asks that we do him the
justice to wipe out the stain which has so long rest-
ed upon him, in consequence of the imposition of
that fine. Yes, there stands the veteran, with one
foot in the grave, and asks the American people to
do him the justice to wipe out the disgrace. Where
is the voice that will refuse it' It is the gentleman
from New York who refuses it. This, sir, is not
an exhibition of his patriotism or of his affection for
the man whom he professes to venerate.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Peyton,]
sir, regards this as an effort on the part of the Dem-
ocratic majority here to invoke the influence of Gen.
Jackson in the coming contest. Is the influence of
the venerable hero who stands upon the verge of the
grave, then, of such importance that the gentleman
dreads to lose it?
Mr. PEYTON said he would inform the gentle-
man that, as regarded any fear which he entertained
personally, he had as little of it as the gentleman
himself; but if he meant political fear, he would say
to him that no longer ago than in the late canvass,
he went to the very door of the Hermitage, and
there encountered his opposition. He feared him
not.
Mr. WELLER. Well, sir, much as I respect
the moral courage of the gentleman, I cannot say X
have a high regard for this exhibition of his patriot-
ism. The gentleman from Tennessee also told us
that like hyenas, we had descended to the grave of
Judge Hall, and exhumed his bones. Who intro-
duced the name of Judge Hall? Sir, it was the gen-
tleman from Georgia. He told you that Judge
Hall was entitled to as much reverence for his ex-
hibition of moral courage., as General Jackson was
for the victory which he achieved.
Mr. STEPHENS said the gentleman had some-
what misstated the language used by him. He had
instituted no comparison between the respective
merits of General Jackson and Judge Hall. What
he had said was, that the Judge displayed much
mora] firmness.
Mr- WELLER. My only object in alluding to
