CON&RE£$lOMAlV &LOB&
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1844.
Volume I8....N0. 8.
[Continued from JVo. 7.]
injustice to the American people, and would stamp
them with ingratitude to their bravest defender.
He was not one to admit that General Jackson vio-
lated the Constitution, or the law, at New Orleans.
He denied that he violated either. He insisted that
the general rightfully performed every act that his
duty required, and that his right to declare martial
law, and enforce it, resulted from the same source,
and rested on the same principle, that that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Barnard] asserted,
from which Judge Hall derived the authority to
punish for contempt, without trial, without witnesses,
without jury, and without anything but his own ar-
bitrary will. The gentleman asserted that the pow-
er to punish for contempt was not conferred by the
s'atute, or by the common law, but was inherent in
every judicial tribunal and legislative body; and he
cited the authority of the Supreme Court to sup-
port the assertion. He said that this power was
necessary to the courts, to enable them to perform
the duties which the laws entrusted to them, and
arose from the necessity of the case. Now,
it- was from the same source that the power to de-
clare martial law was derived—its necessity in time
of war for the defence of the country. The defence
of the lives and liberties of the people, as well as
their property, being all entrusted to the discretion
of the commanding general, it became his duty to
declare martial law, if the necessity of the case re-
quired it. If it became necessary to blow up a fort,
he was authorized to do it; if it became necessary
to sink a vessel, he was authorized to do it; and if it
became necessary to burn a city, he was authorized
40 it. The necessity of the case was the law to
govern him; and he, on his responsibility, must judge
of the existence of that necessity. It was the first
law of nature which authorized a man to defend his
own person, and his wife and his children at all haz-
ards. It was that law which authorized this body to
repel aggression and insult, and protect itself in
the exercise of its legislative functions; and it
was that law which authorized courts of justice to
defend themselves and punish for contempts. He
acknowledged that this was a high handed and de-
spotic power—one that was only to be exercised
when necessary, and which ceased when the neces-
sity no longer existed. Such was the power under
which General Jackson declared martial law at
New Orleans. On this part of the subject he did
not intend to go into the history of all the occur-
rences of that period—they had been detailed in a
most faithful and interesting manner by the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidkll.] It was suffi-
cient for him to know that General Jackson, who
was the commanding general, deemed it necessary
to declare martial law in order to defend the city.
It was sufficient for him to know that the Governor
and Legislature of the State deemed it necessary.
It was sufficient for him to know that the courts and
the whole population of the city deemed it necessary;
and it was sufficient for him to know that this im-
maculate Judge Hall himself deemed it necessary.
Ay, sir, did not this profound judge—this pure
patriot—did he not understand the Constitution and
laws when he advised the general to dcclare mar-
tial law? Did he deem that his advice to the gen-
eral was to trample on the laws? Was he perfid-
ious when he gave such advice? Was he laying a
trap for General Jackson to ensnare him? Was it
in good faith, first to advise him to declare martial
law, and then punish him for it* One of two things
was true: either that he thought it was the general's
duty to declare martial law, or that he was a false,
, perfidious enemy, seeking to betray him. The
most charitable conclusion was, that Judge Hall
did believe that martial law was necessary; and
seeing the near approach of the enemy—seeing
the traitors in the camp, and seeing the im-
pending danger, did advise the general to de-
clare martial law. Then what right had he to
arrest the execution of it? If the general had the
right to declare martial law, it was his duty to exe-
cute it, and Judge Hall had no right to arrest the
execution of it. But let us (said Mr. D.) take
another view of the subject. Gentlemen in this
discussion had assumed, with much boldness, that
the Judgment rendered by Judge Hall wasa legal
one, and in conformity with the strictest rules of jus-
tice. Now let us examine, and see if it be so. In the
limited time allowed him, (Mr. D.,) he would not,
on this part of the subject, question the power of the
judge to punish for contempt. He would not, for
the sake of argument, question the power of the
judge to punish, at his own arbitrary will and dis-
cretion, without trial, without witnesses, &c. He
would concede the position that the judge had the
right to punish for contempt; and then he would
contend that he had no right in this case to render
thatjudgment, and that the judgment was illegal-
Now he took this ground: that the declaration of
martial law of itself was no contempt of the court;
and if it was illegal, it was a crime for which the
general was responsible to a court-martial, or to the
civil courts; but the law of contempts could not
reach him. Then did General Jackson do any act
that amounted to a contempt' Certainly not. We
are told that he arrested the Frenchman Louallier
and confined him in prison; but if he did any thing
wrong in that act, (which Mr. D. would not admit,)
he was only liable to indictment, or an action for
false imprisonment; but there was no contempt of
court in that act. Then as to the arrest and impris-
onment of Judge Hall himself. There was no con-
tempt of court in that act; for when the arrest was
made, Judge Hall was not sitting in court, but was
at his lodgings as a private citizen. No one can pretend
that, if a judge of one of our courts is assaulted or
otherwise maltreated in the streets, he can go and
open his court, and then summon the party before
him and try him for contempt. In such a case, a
judge must seek redress like any other private citi-
zen. General Jackson, therefore, in arresting Judge
Hall, subjected himself, if the art was illegal, to in-
dictment for the false imprisonment of a citizen, but
by no means rendered himself liable for a contempt
of court. But they were told that the real point was
the refusal of the general to obey the writ of habeas
corpus for Louallier. Now it must be borne in mind
that that writ was issued on the 5th, and was return-
able on the 6th, at 11 o'clock, but it was never
shown to or seen by General Jackson till after the
hour at which it was returnable. The writ was there-
fore a nullity—it was dead, and it was impossible
for the general to obey or answer it when it was
shown, for it was then no longer of any force what-
ever. The general, however, on being brought be-
fore the court, submitted his answer on oath, and in
which he purged himself of the contempt according
"to law; but the judge, in a most arbitrary and ty-
rannical manner, refused to receive the paper, and
entered the judgment against him. If the refusal to
obey the writ of habeas corpus was a contempt, still
the general purged himself by oath, that it had never
come to his knowledge till after it was returnable.
General Jackson did it in this case, and the
statement was not contradicted; and still the
fine was illegally imposed. He (Mr. D.) was
willing to stake this case on the mere question of
law, and he defied any lawyer, with the aid of
all the technicalities that could be resorted to m the
case, to show that General Jackson was guilty of a
contempt within such a meaning as would properly
subject him to the fine that was imposed. Some
gentlemen had discussed this question as if the very
declaration of martial law itself was a contempt; but
he defied them to point out a single distinct fact which
amounted to a contempt. But let that pass.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnard]
had pronounced this bill unprecedented. He had
said, and others had said so too, that it was an at-
tempt to set aside a decision of a court of justice, and
to repudiate its sanctity and authority in an unpre-
cedented manner. But was it unprecedented? It
might be unprecedented to remit a fine for declaring
martial law; for the imposition of such a fine was
unprecedented. They had been told that martial
law had been declared by General Wilkinson, aild
yet no punishment was inflicted for that. It had
also been done on the shores of the lakes by Gen-
eral Gaines; and he (Mr. D.) had no doubt that it
had been done by others without any fine being im-
posed, and hence no fine had been refunded. But
were bills refunding fines, and penalties, and assess-
ments, and damages, imposed on military com-
manders, unprecedented? If they would take the
pains to look through the speech of the late
candid and sincere Dr. Linn, of whom no one could
speak but with respect, they would find many cases,
commencing in the last century and coming down to
the present time, in which bills of this kind had
been passed. That had been the settled and the uni-
form policy of this Government; and the question
now was, whether the hero of New Orleans should
be excepted from the general course of -legislation.
Whoever recorded his vote against this bill, stigma-
tized the character, and affixed a stain on the fair
fame of General Jackson, which Congress had uni-
formly refused to permit to remain on the character
of other military and naval officers. And why this
exception? Why this unjust, this ignominious ex-
ception? Was there anything in the conduct of
General Jackson at New Orleans that required that
he should be made an exception? Was there a
on this floor that had the hardihood to say there
was, and to impeach the motives, the purity, and
the fidelity of General Jackson in any act he did at
New Orleans? Was there a man there that would
pretend to deny the necessity for the exercise of that
high summary authority to which General Jackson
was compelled to resort? Was there a man thera
who would pretend that General Jackson did not
save the city, and the country, and the laws and
property of the citizens, by that very exercise of
high authority?
These things would not be questioned. The ne-
cessity and the glorious effects resulting from the
course which that necessity prompted, were ac-
knowedged by the whole country, and he would
even say by the whole civilized world. Then, as
for as this bill was concerned, he (Mr. D.) cared
not whether their acts were legal or illegal. He
cared not whether General Jackson violated the
Constitution or not. He cared not whether Gen-
eral Jackson suspended all civil authority or not.
If his acts were necessary to the defence of the
country, that necessity was above all law. Gen-
eral Jackson hazarded everything; he hazarded
both life and reputation ofl that step, which might
render him immortal if it saved the country, or, on
the contrary, make him ignominious, and a
by-wor,d and a reproach; and the mta that
dared to do that, deserved the protection and
the plaudits of his country. He did not envy the
feelings of that man that would get up and talk
calmly and coolly, under such circumstances, about
rules of court and technicalities of proceeding, and
the danger of example, when the city might be in
flames and the utmost barbarity might be committed*
What were rules of court but mere cobwebs
when they found an enemy with his cannon
at the doors of their courts, and when they
saw the flames encircling the cupola? Talk then
about rules of court, and the formality of proceed-
ings' The man that would do this, would fiddle
while the Capitol was burning. [Sensation.] He
envied not any man the possession of such stoical
philosophy. Talk about illegality! Talk about
formalities! Why, there was but one formality to
be observed; and that was the formality of directing
the cannon, and destroying the enemy, regardless of
the means, whether it be by the seizure of cotton
bags, or the seizure of persons, if the necessity of
the case required it. The God of nature has con-
ferred this right 011 men and nations; and therefora
let lum not be told that it was unconstitutional. To
defend the country, let him not be told that it wa*
unconstitutional to" use the necessary means. The
Constitution was adopted for the protection of the
country; and under that Constitution, the nation had
the right to exercise all the powers that were neces-
sary for the protection of the country. If martial
law was necessary to the salvation of the country,
martial law was legal for that purpose. If it wa3
necessary for a judge, for the preservation of order,
to punish for contempt, he thought it was necessary
for a general to exercise a control over his cannon,
to imprison traitors, and to arrest spies, and to inter-
cept communications with the enemy. If this was
necessary, all this was legal.
But the ground on which he placed the defence—
and he denied that Gen. Jackson did any act which
was not justified by rightful and legal authority-^-
was as high and as sacred as that of self-defence
