128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Elmer.
Feb. 1844.
H. of Reps.
moat gloamy -forebodings;1' and "our abiding trust
' is, that the.people will arouse, throw their betrayers
from them as 'the lion shakes-the dew-drops from
his mane,' and snatch the government and country'
from this hopeless abyss."; ■ , •
Mr. Speaker.,'I repel such-accusations, and treat
them as thev deserve. ' I have conceded .to othe.rs, .
what I claim for myself, honesty of intention. But
why this appeal to party' feelings "ahd prejudices?
' Is it for want of sound arguments? Or do gentlemen
opposed to us consid.er.it a most "portentous" omen,
if we hesitate before >e- declare the laws of four
sovereign StateSj deliberately eriattedby th«ir repre-
sentatives, to be null and void? Should this Congress
find itself to have been "wrong, and magnanimously
' ti-v ito otAna -will thflt. MVP. UlSt
UK-,    pertinently, —, --
those members of this House, and those who were
members of the last Congress, who believe the act
in question to be constitutional and valid, infallible?
Is there no possibility that they can err? And is
there not even the possibility that others may
honestly differ from them? Will the government and
country be' thrown into a "hopeless abyss," should
we determine that one of bur acts is not in conformi-
ty with the constitution? Did Congress n^ver tran-
scend its powers before? X5id those favorite acts of
the old federalists—the alien and sedition .'laws—.'
stand the test "of the deliberate judgment of the peo-
ple? Are they not now universally condemned as
unconstitutional? ■ If this be even a doubtful ques-
tion, which way ought we to lean? Should we per-
tinaciously insist upon our own law, and thus de-
prive the people of four States of their representa-
tives here? Or should we not rather yield something
to those who so earnestly call in question our pow-
er, and who certainly are not without reasons for the
course they have taken? Decide this matter as we
may, the heavens will not fall; and if they would, we
have high authority for saying we ought to do
justice.
But it is time to consider the constitutionality of
our act., and to ascertain, if we can, by comparing
its provisions with the authority given to us, wheth-
er it is valid, and will have the effect of rendering
null and void all the laws of the States which are not
in conformity with it. The act consists of two sec-
tions, professing to be founded on different and dis-
tinct grants of power in the constitution. _ The first
section provides how many representatives each
State shall be entitled to. The second section (and
that which gives rise to all this difficulty) is as
follows:
"Jlndbeil further enacted, That, in each case where
a State is entitled to more than one representative,
the number to which cach State shall bp entitled un-
der this apportionment shall be elected by districts
composed of contiguous territory, equal in number to
the number of representatives to which said State
shall be entitled, no one district electing more than
one representative."
This section of the law is held by its supporters to
be in fulfilment of the power vested in Congress by
section four of article one of the constitution of the
United States, which is as follows:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
eloosing senators."
This spption of the constitution, it is manifest, re-
quires of the legislature of each State, the members
of which are required to take an oath to support it,
to pass aU laws necessary to enable the people of the
State to elect the representatives to which they may
be. entitled in Congress. And it gives a paramount
power over the whole subject to the Congress itself,
which may make all such necessary regulations, and
thus not only render it unnecessary for the State
legislatures to act on the subject, but actually su-
persede the existing regulations of the States, or, in
ihe language of the constitution, alter them, and
make them different from what they were before.
It authorizes Congress to make its regulations, or
to alter those of the States by a i.aw. Con-
gress, in fact, has the. same power over this
subject that it lias over the other matters submitted
to it by the constitution—a power to regulate it by a
law. Jt has no power, in any case, to prescribe rules
for regulating or controlling the action of the legis-
latures of the States, although it has the power, in
this and in some other cases, to supersede and put an
end to the laws of the legislatures, so far as they
may be inconsistent with laws on the same, subject---
matter constitutionally enacted by Congress. For'
instance: the States 'may pass laws affecting' com-
merce, which . may be perfectly, valid so. long as no
law of Congress regulates that subject in such a man-
nerthat the State* law conflicts with it. But Con- ,
gress having full power to regulate commerce, may,
"at anytime, make regulations -which will super-
sede the.. State laws. The State- of New York
granted'to Livingston and Pulton theexclusiveright
to navigatetke waters of that .State with steamboats
for-a certainJerm of years. But thisright being con-
sidered by the Supreme Court as conflicting with the
act of Congress regulating commerce, a?*d authoriz-
ing any citizen who obtained the prescribed license
to navigate from one por.t to another, .the -State - law
was obliged to yield. So in the present case: if the
act of Congress before quoted is a law so regulating
the manner of holding, the elections as that it pre-
scribes a rule with which the laws of the States are-
in conflict, those laws must yield.
Is this act, then, a "law," regulating the manner
of holding elections? In my judgment it is not; for
the, reason that- it prescribes no rules regulating
elections, that can be obeyed by the people who are
to hold them. The power of Congress to prescribe
such rules, is a power to do it, not by laying down
a rule for the conduct of the State legislatures, but
by a law. - Now, what is a law? If we go back to
the first lesson put into the hfinds of perhaps every
student in the Union, we shall-learn that it is "a
rule of civil conduct, commanding what is right, and
prohibiting what is wrong." This definition, cor-
rect enough for any present purpose,.implies that
the law commands something to be doneby those,
who owe allegiance to the power enacting it. Even
the British Parliament, omnipotent as it is stud to be,'
claims no power to pass laws obligatory upon any
but its own subjects. It once attempted to tax us
without our consent; but we resisted the attempt,
and succeeded in establishing our independence.
This Congress may pass laws regulating the citizens
in their individual capacity, and laying down rules
they are bound to obey, but it can make no rules for
the conduct of the State legislatures, in the exercise
of their legislative powers—either the powers be-
longing to them under the constitutions of their re-
spective States, or the power conferred on them by
the constitution of the United States, to legislate in
regulating the manner of holding elections for repre-
sentatives in Congress.
There is a plain distinction between a law, ema-
nating from a legislative body, and a constitutional
rule, which in this country we all understand, but
which seems to have been lost sight of in the fra-
ming of this act of Congress. A law, agreeably to
the definition before quoted, prescribes something
for the conduct of the people. A constitutional
rule emanates from the people themselves, and pre-
scribes a rule for the legislature, the representatives
of the people. Such a constitutional rule cannot be
prescribed by one legislative body for another legis-
lative body; it cannot be prescribed by Congress to
the legislatures of the States.
It is true, that the clause of the constitution of the
United States before quoted authorizes Congress to
regulate, by law, the manner of holding elections by
the legislatures, for senators; but the election of a -
senator is not a legislative act... If Congress thinks
proper to exercise this power, (which it has never
yet done,) it can take away from the State legisla-
tures all discretion on the subject, except as to the
place where they will assemble, and as to the man
whom they will choose. That Congress has ex-
press power given to it to control the legislatures on
this particular subject, is no argument to prove that
the same power is gi\en to control them on another
subject. In truth, the two*cases are altogether dis-
similar. The law, in the one ease, is directed of ne-
cessity to, and commands the members of, the legis-
lative bodies, who are the persons holding the elec-
tion for senators; while in the other case, the law is,
or ought to be, directed to the people, who hold the
elections for representatives.
We are thus brought to the question whether this
second section of the act of 1842, viewed as a law,
directed to the people who are to vote, is a law pre-
scribing any manner of holding elections. It pre-
scribes" that they shall be held in districts composed
of contiguous teiiitory, but points out no mode by
which the people can*know what the districts are.
It is just as vague, and just as impracticable to be
executed, as would be a law of Congress providing
for the appointment of four judges in the District of
Colombia-, and declaring that they should lmve jt*.
risdiction over all criminal and civil cases, _ each one
in a district composed of. contiguous ^territory, the
" whole ten mile3 square being divided into as many
districts as there would be judges. _ Congress has
the right to exercise exclusive legislation, in all
cases whatsoever, over this District; but such legis-
lation as that woOT be obligatory on no one. It
would be* in strict propriety of speech, unconstitu-
tional \ for the constitution has not given to the Oon-
gress the right to make-rules which no one is bound
to obey. But whether, a law which is not binding
can with propriety be considered as unconstitution-
al, it is not important to inquire. If the act we are
considering be allowed to be. void, it may of course
be safely treated as a nullity; if it be obligatory,
then Congress must be authorized to enact it as it is,
or it is unconstitutional .* - ' - - .
That "this-act of Congress is indeed void and m-
< operative of itself, does not Seem .to be denied. But
we are told that, if a similar provision had been, in
terms, incorporated into the constitution of the Uni-
ted States, it would-hay.e been binding on the State
legislatures^ although, standing alone, it could not
be executed, and would have. required, additional
legislation-to'carry it into effect. I freely admit that
such a provision, as a constitutional rule, would have
befen binding on. the State;legislatures, because the
very object of a constitution is to lay down a rule
for- them .in all matters which profess to regulate
-them. A- constitution proceeds from a powerhav-
ing authority to. lay down .rules for them. They
would.be bound,by it, n<>t because .it would be the
supreme layv of the land, .using law in its restricted
sense, as the act of a legislative^ body, (and so it is
used in the clause of..the constitution now in ques-
tion,) and therefore'paramount to the laws of the
States; but because it would be a rule prescribed by
the people themselves to the legislative bodies, and
acting directly on them. The constitution of the
United States declares that the laws enacted by
Congress, in pursuance thereof, shall be the su-
preme law of the land—by which no more is meant
than that, to the extent to which the laws of Con-
gress operate, they shall supersede all other laws:
they are supreme in the-sense that, so far as they
constitutionally regulate any subject, the legis-
latures of the States.have no right to regulate
the same subject at all; but they are not supreme m
the sense that they can control or in any way inter-
fere with the discretion of the legislatures, when
they pass a law to regulate a matter not already
regulated by Congress.
This act, of Congress professes to regulate the
manner of holding elections, so far as to require that
they shall be held in districts. If it does make a re-
gulation to this effect, so as to operate simply as a
law the people are bound to obey, and which they
can obey, then I admit that it is a valid and ^consti-
tutional law. But it is not pretended that it does
this. Without the legislation of the respective
States on the same svijeet-malter, there can_ be no
election held in any districts,^ for no districts are
designated. Congress has not, in fact, regulated any
thing but the action or the State legislatures, and
this Congress has no right to regulate. The consti-
tution requires the "State legislatures to prescribe
rules on this subject, and then gives, to Congress a
right to do the same thing in case the States shall
neglect their duty; or to supersede the State regula-
tions by making its own, whenever Congress shall
deem their regulations improper ones. This is
surely a very different thing from the right simply
to declare how the States, when they regulaie this
matter, shall do it. It is the substantial difference
between the right to supersede the regulations of the
States by regulations prescribed by Congress, and
the right to direct the State legislatures in the per-
formance of their duties; and it is a distinction,
will add, highly important to be observed, so that
Congress and the States, in the exercise of their re-
spective powers, may not even seem the one to con-
trol the other, but may each act upon the respon-
sibility that belongs to them as the servants of the
^The'first section of the act of Congress under con-
sideration provides that each State shall elect a certain
number of members of the House of Representa-
tives agreeably to a certain ratio of population, and
then sets forth precisely how many shall be elected
ill each State. This section of the act is, bevond all
question, a proper and constitutional law. Itisen-
acted not in pursuance of the same clause of the
constitution under which the' second section is de-
fended, but under the authority of section 2 of arti-
cle 1, Which direct? that "representatives, &<■, sM|
