114
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
General Jackson did not exercise any unnecessary
arbitrary authority. He, did not suspend the civil
law, nor close the civil tribunals, any farther than
was necessary for the carrying out of the military
defence of the country. To this extent he did do it,
and to this extent it was right that he should do it.
In other respects, the civil law, and the courts were
in full force. True, General Jackson would not
allow them to communicate with the enemy; but
they could not surrender ought to the enemy; he
deprived them of the power to commit treason; but
he deprived them of no power that an honest man
would desire to exercise. He imposed no restraint
that any man devoted to the country would regret;
and the men who instigated the proceedings against
General Jackson were the men who skulked in the
hour of danger.
But he wished to call the attention of the commit-
tee to the conduct of General Jackson after hostili-
ties had ceased. He wished the committee to di-
rect their attention to that closing scene, which
showed the true character and purposes of the man.
Whilst the British forces were on our borders—
whilst danger continued to exist—whilst treason re-
mained in his camp—whilst there was no necessity
to use exertion—he stood firm and undaunted, erect
and ready to take any responsibility, and to defy
any restraint; to face any authority or enemy,
either civil, or foreign, or military. But the mo-
ment the official news arrived that peace was de-
clared—the moment the enemy retreated—the mo-
ment that danger ceased, and the necessity for the
rigid exercise of his military authority ceased—he
submitted to the civil tribunals; he went into the
court, and there stood erect and calm, preserved that
order which the judge himself could not preserve,
and there submitted to punishment. Did not this
fact of itself show that he never intended to violate
the Constitution or the law? Did it not demon-
strate the sacred reverence and regard that he
felt for the supremacy of law? If he were the
despot he had been represented to be—if he were
the arbitray desperado he was represented—would
he, whilst surrounded by a victorious army; whilst
surrounded by the whole grateful population of the
city; yes, whilst cheered on by the smiles and ap-
probation of the ladies themselves, have submmited
quietly to the exercise of that authority of the court?
No; the desperado would not have done this; the
lawless man, the arbitary man, would never have
done this; nothing but the wise, the discreet, the
patriotic statesman and general could so suddenly
have changed from the military hero to the humble
citizen, and have submitted to the penalties of the
law. Then, in view of these facts, he asked the
House, what pretext there was for voting against
this bill? Oh! it was said, it had the effect of accu-
sation against Judge Hall. Now, if there was any
objection to that bill, it was, that it did not contain
a clause condemning and branding that judge as he
deserved. Nothing—nothing but General Jackson,
and his reverence for justice, protected that judge
from the decree of Judge Lynch. If Judge Hall
had lived in any other country than this, and under
any other Constitution than ours, his life would
have paid the forfeit for his deeds. But he (Mr.
D.) did not wish to comment on the conduct of that
judge. He had a proper regard for the memory of
that judge and for the feelings of his friends, (if he
had any,) and he could not but believe that there
was great impropriety on the part of a friend of that
judge in inserting his name in this bill, and thereby
reviving his memory. The name of Judge Hall
had been thrust before them, and they were driven
to look at his conduct and character in all their hor-
rid deformity; and yet were they to be told, as they
had been, that they had, hyena like, dragged them
from the grave. He (Mr. D.) regretted that they
had been dragged from the grave, and that the mem-
ory of Judge Hall was destined to such an immor-
tality as was secured to it now.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to make a few re-
marks in relation to the question before the House,
amidst much confusion, and an earnest desire that
the committee should rise, as the hour was getting
late; he, however, said he should not detain the
committee long, and was therefore desirous of pro-
ceeding then. -He commenced by remarking, so far
as he could be heard amidst the confusion that pre-
vailed, that the Legislature of the State which he
had the honor in part to represent, at its last session
passed certain resolutions 111 favor of the passage of
such a bill as this. Those resolutions were trans-
mitted by the Governor of Illinois to General Jack-
son himself, and m due time an answer was re-
ceived from General Jackson, in which he declared
his respect for the Legislature of Illinois, and the
kind consideration which had prompted the course
which had been pursued. Copies of these resolu
tions were also transmitted to the Senators for that
State, and its representatives in Congress, and they
were laid before the two Houses; and as he was a
member of the Legislature of Illinois at the time
these resolutions were adopted, he felt himself com-
pelled to say a few words upon that subject, which
then occupied the attention of the committee.
He, however, did not know that he could advance
the object which he had in view better than by
making some comments on the arguments of gentle-
men who had preceded him, rather than by attempt-
ing to detail the circumstances of the case, and
arguing thereon himself, for all the facts had been
fully debated already. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Barnard,]—whose views on this subject
struck him with more force than did those of any
other gentleman on that side of the question—had
asked, and significantly asked, why it was that this
act of justice towards General Jackson had been
neglected to this late day? why it had been permit-
ted to slumber, only to be waked up on the eve of a
presidential election? When it was propovinded, he
(Mr. McC.) was struck with the novelty, if not
with the force of the question, Why the Congress of
the United States had not before taken the matter
into consideration, and done that act, which was as
necessary for the vindication of the character of
these United States as of General Jackson? But
for the exemplification of this subject, he found that
the people have been alive to this subject from the time
the fine was inflicted to the present day; and, in re-
spect to matters of this description, public opinion
had always gone in advance of legislative action,
and in fact in advance on all subjects affecting the
justice of the policy of the Government of this coun-
try.
The people of this country were in favor of the
Declaration of Independence; they were glad of
their deliverance from colonial bondage. The peo-
ple of this country were also in favor of the last
war; the people of this country called upon General
Jackson to prostrate the United States Bank; and
the people of this country are now ten years ahead
of their rulers in respec t to the occupation of Ore-
gon, and in regard to all those measures which
affect the integrity, the honor, or the interests of this
country. They have raised their voices, time and
again; and whenever they have done so, they
have made themselves heard. The people of
New Orleans, at the time the fine was imposed,
condemned it as illegal; they were witnesses
of the facts of the case, and they condemned the
act. The whole country has approved of the con-
duct of General Jackson in the defence of the city
of New Orleans, and in the achievement of the
glorious victory he there obtained over the enemies
of this country. And the Legislature of the very
State which the gentleman so ably represents, passed
resolves containing a high eulogium upon General
Jackson. Mr. Van Buren was the very man who
as Senator, introduced those resolves; and, sir, (con-
tinued Mr. McClernand,) what is the expres-
sion of public opinion upon this subject now? The
Legislatures of most of the States, if I mistake not,
have called upon Congress to refund the fine. The
people arc awake to the subject, and it is the duty
of this Congress lo fulfil their expressed wishes. In
relation to the removal of the deposites, the people
having taken the subject m hand, continued to
agitate it, until at length a majority was thrown into
Congress, by which that measure was carried.
But the gentleman from New York says that this
question is brought up at this time for the purpose
of operating upon the presidential election. Does he
charge such a design upon the people of seventeen
States of this Confederacy? Does he accuse the
Whigs of Louisiana of such a design, because
they called for the restitution of the fine to General
Jackson' Is he prepared to read the Whigs of Lou-
isiana out of the ranks, because they are for resto-
ring the fine5 It would be very impolitic for him,
at tins time, to read many of them out. It should
be the policy of the gentleman to recruit; to in-
crease the numbers of his party, rather than to di-
minish them. _ It seems to mc that the Whigs of
Louisiana will not feel very easy under this
imputation. It appears to me, that "when they re-
solved to instruct their Senators, and request their
Representatives in Congress to vote for this law,
it was done •« au act of justice, irrespective of
all other considerations. I therefore think that the
public mind has always been alive to the import-
ance of refunding this fine; that the people have al-
ways demanded it; that they now demand it; and it
is in vain for the gentleman and his associates to re-
sist the force of the public will. If they stand out
against it, it will overwhelm them with its unhallow-
ed effects. The public voice has commanded that this
act of justice should be done; and the gentleman might
as well toss straws against the wind, or by apply-
ing his shoulder to the Rocky Mountains attempt
to remove them, as to endeavor to resist that de-
mand.
But the gentleman says that those who advocate
this bill will be recreant to the country. If it was
really his intention to cast an imputation upon those
who support the measure, I hurl back that imputa-
tion as more justly attaching to him and to those
who oppose it. Sir, if I were to vote against this
measure of justice and right, I should be guilty of
abetting treason.
General Jackson refused to recignise the authority
of Judge Hall's court, because the safety of the
country required that his authority should be sus-
pended. The energies of General Jackson were
directed against an invading foe, who were ready to
ravage the country. This having been the object of
the general, and the means he employed being ne-
cessary to that object, I say that, in my opinion, if I
were to resist this law, I should be guilty gf abetting
treason. Again, even granting that this measure of
justice to General Jackson has been neglected too
long, does it follow, therefore, that it is now too late'
The principles of this Government acknowledge no
such limitation of time. It is to be regretted that
this act of justice has been neglected so long; but the
fact that it'lias been neglected is, in itself, a strong
reason why it should be neglected no longer.
But the gentleman also says that the measure is
so obnoxious that it cannot pass the other branch of
Congress. That may be owing to a want of skill
on the part of those who drew it up. It may be
that the gentleman has more experience than
we have, and it would be well if he would
render us his services to "lick" it into a bet-
ter shape. There axe those who are so consti-
tuted, that the sweets of justice are repugnant to
their taste—there are those who are so constituted,
that to tliem right is always wrong, and wrong is
right. But I will tell the gentleman, that we will
have this measure. We ask not his support. We
will pass it here by the strength and force of Demo-
cratic votes. And the people of this country will
be enabled to see, and to know, who are willing to
give effect to their will, and who stand in the way
of it.
The gentleman from Tennessee, the other day,
stated this was a political handle. 1, sir, disclaim
any such object—any such motive. "Evil to him
who evil thinks." Though justice has been delay-
ed, the Democracy of this country is awake, and
they will be able to carry this great measure which
is so necessary in vindication of the purity of the
Government. It ill becomes the gentleman to
speak of "humbugs." By what influence was his
party put into power in 1840? By the veriest hum-
bug that was ever thought of. "They who live in
glass houses should not cast stones."
The gentleman from Tennessee also states that
even if we should avail ourselves of the influence of
this measure to secure the election of a Democratic
candidate, we would fail of our object, inas-
much as Mr. Van Buren has become altogether
unpopular; that the people have cast him off, and
will not again receive him into favor. It is ex-
tremely doubtful whether the people have cast him
off. I am of opinion that he was defeated by the
grosest fraud and corruption, and not rejected by
the sober sense of the American people; and events
which have transpired since the election go to
prove the correctness of this conclusion.
The gentleman says we are not only tricksters,
but that we have been guilty of the inhumanity
of entering the grave, and tearing up the body of
Judge Hall, by whom the fine was imposed. Enough
has been said upon that subject. All are aware that
not one word was said about Judge Hall, until his
name was introduced by his friends. And if his name
has been used m a maimer which reflects no credit
on his memory, they alone are to blame. The gen-
tleman thought to make some capital when he as-
serted that we had entered the grave of Judge Hall,
seized upon.his bones, and rattled them before the
House. He thought he would thus deter us
from doing an act of justice. And the gen-
tleman from New York, acting upon the game
