130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stiles.
H. of Reps.
produce uniformity. The objection to the second sec-
tion of the apportionment law is, not that, if carried
into effect by the State legislatures, it will produce uni-
formity; but that Congress has no right to produce
uniformity by such means. The uniformity, rightly
produced by any act of Congress, is such a uni-
formity as will result from its own operation upon
the subject-matter intended to be effected; and not
the uniformity that would result from laws enacted
"by the State legislatures, according to a formula pro-
vided for them by the legislature sitting here.
A remark of Madison, in answer to a question put
to him by Mr. Monroe in the Virginia convention,
is the only sentence I have seen, that has even the
appearance of favoring the opposite view of this
subject. He is reported to have said, "Should the
people of any State, by any means, be deprived of
the right of suffrage, it was judged proper that it
should be remedied by the general government. It
was found impossible to fix the time, place, and
manner of the election of repiesentatives in the
constitution. It was found necessary to leave the
regulation of these, in the first place, to the State
governments, as being best acquainted with the sit-
uation of the people, subject to the control of the
general government, in order to enable it to produce
uniformity, and prevent its own dissolution. And
considering the State governments and general gov-
ernment, as distinct bodies, acting in different and in-
dependent capacities for the people, it was thought
the particular regulations should be submitted to the
former, and the general regulations to the latter."
The construction put on this evidently imperfect
sketch of what Mr. Madison said, by those on the
other side of this question, is, that he meant, by sub-
mitting "general rugulations" to the general govern-
ment, that those regulations might be such as should
bft directed to and act upon the State governments
themselves. But this is by no means the fair and ne-
cessary construction of his language; and that such was
not his meaning may be pretty confidently asserted
from our.knowiedge of his opinions, as afterwards
more fully expressed, in reference to the relative
powers of the two governments. General regula-
tions may be made by Congress in respect to the
times, places and manner of holding the elec-
tions, in perfect consistency with the principles I
have been endeavoiing to advocate, and without at-
tempting to direct the action of the State legislatures.
A regulation fixing the day on which the election
shall take place, or requiring the voting to be by bal-
lot or viva voce, would be very properly termed a
general regulation, which, if made by Congress, as
welKit might be, would leave the particular regula-
tions prescribing who should be the officers to take
the'votcs, how they should count and return them,
&c., to be established by the State governments.
Whatever may be the future legislation of Congress
on this whole subject, it may be confidently predict-
ed that all the minute and particular details necessa-
ry to regulate the elections in every part of the
Union, will never be gone into without absolute ne-
cessity And, in framing general regulations, I may
be permitted to hope that no attempt will be again
made, or will now be persevered m. so to make them
as to interfere with, the right of the State legisla-
tures to exercise their own legislative discretion in
passing laws according to the dictates of their own
ludgmentG. The act now before us for our judicial
determination, being, in my judgment, unconstitu-
tional and void, it is my duty so to dcclare it, and to
decide that the members now holding seats here
have been elected in conformity with, the constitu-
'uon and laws. I trust that, before-we separate, it
will te formally repealed, and will remain no longer
a stumbling-block for the legislatures of the States,
oi our successors m this hall.
SPEECH OF MR. STILES,
OF GEORGIA,
sn thz House of Representatives, February 13, 1844.—
On the right of those members elected by general
ticket to hold their scats.
Mr. STILES spoke as follow^-
Mr. Speaker: The course of argument pursued
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Sir. Davis] who
has just taken his seat, renders it incumbent on me
tc recur briefly to the history of our government,
arid the nature of the federal constitution. I do so
the more cheerfully, as the difficulty which presents
itself arises upon the construction of a clause in the
constitution of the United States; and to arrive at
e prooer conclusion as to the true intent and mean-
isg of the ambiguous sentence, as well as to deter-
mine the conflicting claims of federal and State
power, which that ambiguity raises, it seems abso-
lutely necessary to understand, before entering upon
the task, the characteristic peculiarities of that con-
stitution, the mode of its formation, and the division
of tlie supreme powers of government between the
States in their united capacity, and the States in
their individual capacities.
By a vote in Congress of the 4th of July, 1776,
the thirteen colonies of Great Britain planted
along the shores of the atlantic in North America,
became at once thirteen free and independent States.
By this step, which absolved the States frtrni all
allegiance to the British crown, "and dissolved all
connexion between them and the State of Great
Britain, they were not, as has by some been erro-
neously supposed, reduced to a state of nature; but,
under the general obligations resulting from the
nature, ends, and necessities of civil society, they re-
mained, until the establishment of State constitutions,
(five of which took place during that and the suc-
ceeding year,) under their charter governments, sub-
ject to all the civil and criminal laws which were
not necessarily involved in the change of their po-
litical state. I pass over, as immaterial to the pres-
ent object, the next constitution in chronological
order under which the United States existed, the
articles of confederation which, derived from the de-
pendent authority of the States, in its operations, act-
ng solely upon the States, and obtaining their obe-
dience only when agreeable to their sovereign will
and pleasure, proving, as it did, "inadequate to the
exigency, the preservation and the prosperity of the
Union" was superseded by the present constitution.
The inquiries which present themselves upon the
first glance at that instrument, and which it is es-
sential should be satisfied, are, Whence its origin?
Who were the original and efficient parties to the
constitution? Was it formed by the several States
acting in the capacity of independent sovereigns?
or by the people of all the States acting as an aggre-
gate political community? or does that instrument
derive all its authority from the people of each State,
acting separately ill their capacity of primitive sov-
ereignty within their own limits?
But let one of the ablest statesmen our country
has ever produced—whose name has been repeat-
edly invoked during this discussion, and particu-
larly by gentlemen on the other side, as well as one
of the constitution's most efficient framers—answer
the question:
"It was formed, (says Mr. Madison,) not by the
government of the component States, as the federal
government for which it was substituted was form-
ed; nor was it formed by a majority of the people
of the United States, as a single community, in the
manner of a consolidated government. It was
formed by the States—that is, by the people in each
of the States—acting in their highestand sovereign
capacity, and formed consequently by the same au-
thority which formed the State constitutions."—
•Appendix, note 1.
The people of the respective States, then, in their
sovereign capacity, have constituted two agencies
for the management of their affairs, one, a special
agent—to wit, the general government—with power
to perform certain specified things; the other-—to wit,
the State governments—their general agent to act for
them generally, with certain exceptions contained in
their bill of rights, subject to an agreement with the
other States, that their general agents should not do
certain things which might interfere with the objects
for which the special agent was constituted.
An examination of the constitutions, the respec-
tive authority by which these two agents are gov-
erened, will show at a glance the different nature of
their powers; that of the general agent—the consti-
tutions of the respective States—will be found in the
nature of restrictions or limits to the exercise of
power, leaving all matters not excepted subject to
the action of the legislature; whilst that of the
special agent—to wit, the general government—con-
sists of special grants, expressly enumerated in the
constitution, or 'vested in Congress as necessary to
effectuate the express grants. To ascertain wliat
powers belong to the federal goverument, you do
not, as in the case of the State governments, ask
what powers are prohibited, taking for granted that
all others are given; but you ask what are given,
taking for granted that all others are prohibited.
Having ascertained the nature and extent of those
powers, let us see what objects are committed to the
control of the respective governments. The one
divisMi will be found to contain powers local and
peculiar in their character, the internal affairs of the
States, the domestic safety and tranquillity of the
citizens, which the peculiar interests of the States
require to be exercised by each State, through a
separate government; the other division embracing
those powers which are more general and compre-
hensive—viz: war negotiation, commerce, justice,
(so far as national objects are concerned,) and which
can be best exercised by each State, throughout a
united and distinct government.—Appendix, note 2.
Such is the nature, intent, and objects of the
powers conferred by the people of the several States
on their respective agents, and no one can examine
these limits and grants, without being struck with the
care and circumspection with which they are adjust-
ed. And that they have dispensed most liberally on the
special agent the general government, all the powers
necessary for the accomplishment of the legitimate
objects of its creation, as manifested in the pre-
amble, is not only obviously apparent, but a fact,
the correctness of which, fifty years of unexampled
national prosperity will attest.
To see that these grants of power to the agent
(bestowed for the benefit of the grantor, not the
grantee, it will be recollected) are amply full, whilst
they are most strictly defined. What power neces-
sary for the management of foreign affairs, either in
peace or in war, for the regulation of commerce, the
preservation of harmony, or the distribution of jus-
tice, which has been denied? And where the power
over the internal affairs of the States to command
their legislation, control the suffrage of their citi-
zens, or in any way interfere with the rights re-
served to them or to the people which has been
granted? To examine the instrument still more
closely, it will be found that its far-sighted framers
have weighed each specification of power with
scrupulous exactness; thus closing the door as ef-
fectually as human language could do it, to_ the ex-
ercise of any latent power or unbounded implica-
tion. It is true, Congress is authorized "to pass all
laws" for carrying these powers into effect, because
the people in their original capacity pass no lawn
but only make constitutions; but does that confer
on them any additional substantive power? if so,
then it is not-—as they have endeavored to teach us—
a limited instrument. Does it give uncontrolled discre-
tion to the selection of whatever means they pleased
for executing those powers? If so, then they would
thus have expressed such intention by the phrase,
"to use and exercise all powers imideiit to the foregoing
powers." The words "to make all laws," were sim-
ply declaratory of an authority which they already
possessed, and which they could have exercised
in the absence of such a provision; being an author-
ity which would have resulted to them by unavoid-
able implication in the execution of the powers of
the government.
The object of that clause, so far from extending
the boundaries of authority, it cannot but be evident
to every unprejudiced mind, was to narrow this
discretion of Congress as carefully as discretionary
power can be limited, as to the selection of its means
m the exercise of the enumerated powers. "Had
they attempted, (as one of its most efficient framers
states) to enumerate the particulai power or means,
not necessary or propel- for carrying the general
powers into execution, the task would have been
. no less chimerical; and would have been liable to
this further objection—that every defect in the enu-
meration would have been equivalent to a positive
grant of authority." To save the constitution from
violation through this clause, (this apparent breach,)
its framers have thrown around it expressly and
impliedly every barrier which prudence could dictate
or ingenuity invent. They have guarded it express-
ly by declaring the object of those laws to be to
carry into effect only the "foregoing pincers" therein
immediately preceding; and also, thartthe laws them-
selves for that purpose should be both "necessary and,
proper.'''' They have guarded it impliedly in destroy-
ing implication; by special enumeration; by care-
fully inserting subordinate powers, which, in the
event of ther omission, might have been legitimately
deduced from the express grants. That whilst the
power to fix a standard of weights and measures; to
regulate the value of money, and establish a uni-
form systemof bankruptcy,—might well be consid-
ered as appertaining to commerce, yet they are each
specifically mentioned; thus showing the studied
intention of the framers of the constitution, to leave
as little to construction as the imperfection of lan-
guage would permit. Prom this hasty view of tho
history and nature of oitr government, it results—
l  Tlmi our constitutions of government, both
