CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
terests of this country. Mr. BUCHANAN said he
would vote most cheerfully for the resolution, if
brought up in executive session.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution, and decided in the negative—yeas
14, nays 31, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchinson, Benton, Breese, Col-
quitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Hannegan, Semple, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Walker, Woodbury, and Wright—14.
NAYS—Messrs. -Archer, Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton,
Evans, Foster. Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Huntington'
Jaraagin, King, McDufHe, Mangum, Merrick. Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Forter of Michigan, Rives, Tallmadge, Upham,
White, and Woodbridge—31.
So the resolution was not adopted.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 8, 1844.
Mr. THOMPSON offered the following resolu-
tion; and demanded the previous question on it:
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of the
Whole on bill No. 1, to refund the fine imposed on
General Andrew Jackson, shall cease at four o'clock
this day; and that the committee shall then proceed
to vote on all pending amendments, and such as
may be offered; when the bill shall be reported to
the House.
Mr. PRATT desired to submit the following
amendment; which was read for information:
Whereas the Legislatures of eighteen States of
this Union, containing, at the last census, about fif-
teen millions out of the seventeen millions of the
inhabitants of the United States, have instructed
their Senators, and requested their Representatives,
to refund the fine imposed upon General Jackson
by Judge Hall, viz:
Population.
Arkansas ... 97,574
New Hampshire - - 284,574
Louisiana ... 352,411
Connecticut ... 309,978
Illinois .... 476,183
Maine .... 501,793
Missouri - - - 383,702
North Carolina - - 753,419
South Carolina - 594,398
Pennsylvania - 1,724,033
New York ... 2,428,921
Ohio .... 1,519,457
Rhode Island ... 108,830
Virginia - . . 1,239,797
Alabama ... 590,758
Georgia - - . 691,392
Mississippi ... 375,651
Michigan - - - 212,267
14,645,106
Arid whereas a strong expression of public
opinion has been made in favor of the same mea-
sure in the remaining States of the Union: there-
fore
Resolved, That, at two o'clock, this day, all de-
bate in Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union, on House bill No. 1, to refund the
fine imposed on General Jackson, shall cease; and
the committee shall proceed to vote upon such
amendments may be pending, or as may be offered
to^ said bill; and then report the same to the House
with such amendments as have been agreed to by
the committee.
Mr. THOMPSON said that he was willing to
accept the amendment as a modification of his mo-
tion, with the exception of that part fixing the hour
of two o'clock for the termination of the debate.
The SPEAKER said that the question would be
put on the suspension of the rules to allow the re-
ception of the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and the question being taken, resulted
m—yeas 117, nays 54, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Beardsley, Benton, Bidlack,
James islack, Bfaekvtell, Bossier, Bower.Bowlin Boyd, Ja-
cob BrinkerUofi, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown,
William J. Brown, Bullington, Burke, Caldwell, Campbell,
Gary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Clmgman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cuilom, Dana, Daniel, R.
D, Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dillingham, Dun-
een, Dnnlap, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklln, Foster, trench, Gil-
iner, Hale, Hamlin, Kammett, Haralson, Hays, Henley, Her-
rjcl;, liege, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hunger-
forct, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston Kin^, Kirkpatrick, La-
branche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCaus-
isn, McClelland, McClernand, MeConnell, McDowell, Mb
Parmen^Ar Edward J. Morns, Murphy. Nes, Norris.
S Re?,?Potter' Platt> KatMmn, David
ThoSas H sfvmn ,K,lsseU'Sl John' Saunders,
, ? Seymour, Simons, Simp-
son' ?m«J ' Smlth' K Snuth> Stocnrod. Stet-
son, John btewart, Stone, Strong, Tavlor Thr ™<.«-m tji.
batts Weller Wentworth, Wheaton, Williams, Wilkins*
Wise, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—117. ' '
r-iY?wS?.',!r'- Ad™is, Ashe, Barnard, Belser, Carroll
Ghappell, Chilton, Collamer, Cranston, G. Davis, Dicke\
Fish, Jlorenoe, Foot, Prick,Giddings, W.Green, Grider.Hsr-
S11'^ ,1er' ^?011; Joseph R. Ingersoll, lrvin, Jenks, Per-
leyiJ. Johnson, Daniel P. Kincr, .Ylcllvo.ine, Morse, Mosele\
Newton, Peyton, Phccrux, Elisha R. Potter. Ramsey, Rod'
nej; Rogers, Sample, Sehenck, Senter. Seveiancei Albert
smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Thumasson, Tiiden, T3-ler
Vance, Vinton, White, Wmthrop, and William Wright—64.
Two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were therefore suspended.
THOMPSON having accepted the resolve
of Mr. Pratt as a substitute for the one offered by
him, the hour being changed to four o'clock, with
the assent of Mr. Pratt, the resolution thus modi-
fied was read.
The question was then put on the second to the
previous question, and carried.
Mr. G. W. SUMMERS, of Virginia, took the
oath and his seat.
The House then ordered the main question; and
the resolution was agreed to.
MRS. MADISON.
Mr. SAUNDERS submitted a resolution, as fol-
lows—Mr. Thompson of Mississippi yielding to
allow it to be offered:
Resolved, unanimously, That a committee be ap-
pointed on the part of this House to wait 011 Mrs.
Madison, and to assure her that, whenever it shall
be her pleasure to visit the House, she be re-
quested to take a seat within the Hall.
He moved this resolution in consequence of hav-
ing seen Mrs. Madison in the gallery.
The resolution was agreed to: and it was ordered
that Mr. Saunders and Mr. Charles J. Ingersoll
be the said committee.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
On the motion of Mr. THOMPSON of Mississip-
pi, (the rules havingbeen suspended for its reception,)
the House went into Committee of the Whole on
the bill to refund the fine imposed on General Jack-
son by Judge Hall, at New Oileans.
Mr. SCHENCK was entitled to the floor, and he
addressed the committee in favor of the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. SCHENCK proceeded to vindicate Judge
Hall from the imputation of having acted improper-
ly in imposing the fine. He reprobated the allu-
sions which had been made, in the course of debate,
to the fact of the judge having been a foreigner, and
to his want of courage. He contended that the
judge had displayed a high degree of moral
courage, for which he honored him; but when
he heard hi? colleague, [Mr. Dean,] who him-
self had held a high judicial station, speak in
like manner of this matter, he was led to fear that
some who did not know him so well, might infer
that he was only delivering the convictions of his
own experience. He did not believe this much of
the gentleman himself, but thought that, when he at-
tacked the judiciary, he was only overleaping the
limits of discretion.
Mr. DEAN, on being permitted to explain, dis-
claimed having made any attack whatever on the
judiciary or any member of it except Judge Hail;
for he liad said that such conduct would not be
tolerated in Ohio, nor did he believe in any other
State; and he rejoiced that Judge Hall was an excep-
tion. He had too high an opinion of the judiciary
to believe that any of them would be guilty of such
conduct.
Mr. SCHENCK said he was glad to hear the gen-
tleman's explanation, and concurred with him in the
favorable sentiments he entertained for the judiciary.
He certainly did not wish to misrepresent him. and
would take his argument as he had stated it.
Air. KENNEDY said, as (he guulemtn had sta-
ted his object was not to misrepresent any one,
he desired to set himself right. From the manner
in which he (Mr. X.) had been misrepresented by
the gentleman throughout his entire remarks, he
had supposed it to be his intention to misrepresent;
but, as he disavowed such an intention, he (Mi. K.)
was bound to take his disci?inier, and woold there-
fore say to the gentleman that lie did not understand
him. Now, he had made 110 attack whatever en
the judiciary; but took the occasion to censure, in
the strongest terms, those who had attempted to
skulk behind the judges' to conceal their true mo
lives for opposing this bill. He said that, as a
branch of the Government, the judiciary was as
corrupt as any other. He said no man should
skulk behind the judiciary, and escape merited east!-
gation, simply because he was so sheltered. This
was what he had said,'and what he now reasserted.
Mr. SCHENCK said he was perfectly willing to
take the gentleman's argument as he explained it.
There was another part of the gentleman's argument
which he wished to notice; but as the time was wear-
ing away, and this bill must be passed to-day, he
would pass 011 to another subject. He had the re-
marks of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
lass,] as reported, before liira. He found that the
gentleman used the following language:
"He envied not any mail the possession of such
stoical philosophy. Talk about illegality! Talk
about formalities! Why, there was but one for-
mality to be observed; and that was the formality of
directing the cannon, and destroying the enemy, re-
gardless of the means, whether it be by the seizure
of cotton bags or the seizure of persons, if the ne-
cessity of the case required it."
The gentleman added that he "cared not whether
General Jackson violated the Constitution or not;
whether he suspended all civil authority or not."
This was bold ground assumed by the gentleman
from Illinois—a doctrine which seemed to him to
suit the meridian of Constantinople or St. Peters-
burg, but not this free country. But there was an-
other remark of the gentleman from Illinois which
he should be compelled to notice: and that was,
that "martial law was necessary to save all law; and,
therefore, whether constitutional or not, General
Jackson was bound by necessity—that plea of ty-
rants—to declare it." This, too, was a strong po-
sition, not suited to the people of a free country, but
only fitted for a despotism. He knew of but one
parallel to sustain the ground of the gentleman, when
lie said that it was necessary to declare martial law to
preserve all law; and that was to be found in an an-
ecdote he would relate to the House. There was a
quack doctor in the neighborhood in which he
lived, who was called upon to administer to a child
who had the fever and ague. He gave some nos-
trum to it; and, when he returned, the next day, to
inquire how it was, the mother told him that his-
medicine had thrown it into convulsions, in which it
had remained ever since. The doctor replied that
she need not feel the least alarm—that he had given
the child medicine for the purpose of tin owing it
into fits; for he did not know how to cure the ague
and fever, but he was great on fits.
Here, Mr. S.'s hour having expired—
Mr. A. V. BROWN obtained the floor. Mr. B.
observed, that he had not intended to say one word
upon the subject of debate. His purpose was, as
far he was concerned, to let the passage of this bill
depend, not upon any arguments he or any other
gentleman could offer, but upon the resolutions of
eighteen or nineteen States of this Union command-
ing the restoiation of this money. He was willing
to let this bill stand upon the known wishes and
commands of the sovereign people of this country;
but chiefly, he wished it to stand upon the resolu-
tions of the Legislature, of Louisiana, which could
not fail to reflect lasting honor on those who passed
them. Inasmuch, however, as it was not the will
and pleasure of those who opposed this measure to
let it pass in this manner, and as they opposed it
with arguments as extraordinary as the tone and
temper of them was harsh, he felt himself bound to
say something on the subject. As one of the repre-
sentatives of Tennessee—the home of the illustrious
man who was the subject of this bill—he begged of
the committee to indulge him with a few remarks in
regard to it. It was remarked by one of the gentlemen
who addressed the committee on this subject—he be-
lieved the gentleman from Kentucky, [Air. Grids;;.]
—that all the discussion on this bill was idle v.-ast3
of time, and that General Jackson would nt\ er touch
one dollar of this money if voted to him. The gen-
tleman knew very well, and this nation knew \ery
well, that the general would not touch the money if
he had to receive it as a beggar at your hands; that
he would not touch it if he had to receive it accord-
ing to the allusion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]—as old Belisarius coming
here, «ith" his wooden trencher in his hand,
for a penny for his support. He ki,ew tU.t
the general never would touch one dollar of ii.e
money on such terms. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, in speaking of the glory of General J<>--1,-
son"s "achievements at New Orleans, said it wi
