Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stiles.
H. of Reps.
State and federal, were alike formed by the people
of the several States; that the authority of constitu-
tions) over government is not more indisputable than
that of the people in their sovereignty over consti-
tutions; and, consequently, that it is incompetent
for a branch of the government, crcated by that
constitution, to determine the powers which belong
to its creators.
2. That the constitution of the general govern-
ment is a limited and definite instrument; that to
supply its defects by assumption, or enlarge its
powers by construction, instead of a resort to con-
stitutional amendments, as therein pointed out, is
contrary to its letter and spirit, and subversive of
the ends of its creation.
3. That the general government, though limited,
is a complete government, sufficient for the ends for
which it was created, it can accomplish all its legiti-
mate objects, without the legislative aid of any other
political body; and has therefore no reason or right
to command or direct the legislation of the States.
4. That in conflicts between the general and State
governments, as to the construction of power, there
is no common umpire but the people of the several
States; that they are the permanent tribunal and
source of all political power; and though they may
often delegate portions of that power, must still re-
main the ultimate arbiter, as they were the primary
fountain of all-knowledge and of all authority.
These four propositions constitute the mam char-
acteristics or leading features of our government. 1
introduce them not as premises whereon to base an
argument, but simply as safe and important guides
to direct our steps m tracing out the boundaries of
federal and State power, as established by the con-
stitution, since the correctness or the error of our
course of interpretation will be immediately appa-
rent, as that course is discovered to accord with, or
run counter to, these true and unvarying character-
istics of our system.
With these preliminary remarks, preparatory to
a proper consideration of the subject now before
the House, what is the question? The question
-upon which we are at issue is, whether or not the
2d section of the apportionment law of 1842 con-
flicts with the constitution5
How have the gentlemen in the opposition met
this question? From the effort of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Campbkll,] who first ad-
vocated the law in J 842, and who has recently bat-
tled so manfully for the paternity of his bantling,
down to the gentleman who last addressed the
House, the whole argument has been based upon a
single, false, and untenable proposition, viz: That
the right of a State, or th« people of a State, to be
represented on this floor, is derived from the consti-
tution of the United States. From this, they deduce
two other equally untenable propositions:
1st. That the 4th section, 1st article of the consti-
tution—"the authority under which this law was
framed"—embraces the powei m Congress to dis-
trict a State
2d. That, by that section, ''supreme supervision
and control" is vested in Congress over the election
of representatives to this hall.
To the first proposition—that the right of represen-
tation is derived from the constitution: What are the
great rights involved in this issue, and which have,
as its opponents contend, by that law been invaded?
They are the rights of suffrage and representation—
the most important and sacred rights of freedom;
rights which, in all governments where power is re-
tained in the hands of the people, rest with every
constituent member of the social compact. Rights
based upon, and inseparable from, that fundamental
principle of our republic—the principle of "self-gov-
ernment"—and belongiiigto that class of "inaliena-
ble rights1' with which "man is endowed by his
Creator," the people have been ever ready to peril
their liberty and their lives rather than surrender.
To whom do these rights belong5 They are per-
sonal rights, and must, of couise, belong to the peo-
ple.
Who formed the constitution.' The people, either
of the several States, or the people of the United
States. Under any construction, it was formed by
the people of this country. These important rights,
now in jeopardy, belong to those who formed the
constitution, called it into being, and gave to it all
the powers which it contains; and how, then—upon
what principle is it that the people can derive pow-
ers from it? This is the proposition upon which
their whole argument rests; which they have not
even attempted to sustain by any reason or authori-
ty, but which they ar§ so anxious we should admit;
or, as the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Milton
Brown] a few days since expressed it, "bear in
mind." Let me tell the gentleman from Tennessee
that that expression did not convey truly his idea;
he did not mean we "must all bear in mind;" but we
must all admit. Admit their premises, and, I sup-
pose, they can establish their conclusions. Archim-
ldes could have raised the world, if he could but
have found a spot whereon to rest his lever.
Let me say to gentlemen of the opposition, one
and all, we make no such admissions; we challenge
them to the proof; and, until it can be shown that a
creator can derive power from a creature, we will not
entertain so absurd a proposition.
The gentleman from Kentucky farther states, that,
"previously to the adoption of the constitution, the
people had no right to send members here." What
does such an assertion mean? It either means noth-
ing, or it signifies something beyond my comprehen-
sion. What would he be understood by "/wre?" Does
he mean this Congress—this Congress composed of
a Senate and House of Representatives? Before the
adoption of the constitution there was no such Con-
gress. Does he mean the Congress of the confed-
eration'* Were there no members to that body? I
bring history to issue with the gentleman. Or does
he mean they had no right to their seats? Had the
representatives to the Congress of 1776, who de-
clared our independence, no right to their seats, or
the delegates to the convention who formed the con-
stitution no authority to act; and are we, therefore,
not now entitled cither to our independence or our
constitution?
Sir, the people have a right to do anything and
everything which, by the constitution or laws, they
have not prohibited themselves from doing. They
may limit the exercise of their sovereign power as
they please, but they can derive no power, bccausc
they are the soarcc of all power.
The gentleman seems fond of illustration, and I
will give him one exhibiting the absurdity of his
position. If the government of the United States
were lo stipulate with that of Great Britain, that a
duty not exceeding 20 per cent, would be laid on her
manufacturers introduced into this country, accord-
ing to the gentleman's position the United States
would be deriving from Great Britain the power to
lay duties; we should he deriving power from them,
instead of placing a limit upon the exercise ot our
ow n power.
The only exception to the indulgence of naked
assertion in support of this point, arose with the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Colj-ameii,] who
chose to inform us of his professional honors; and
who, as he made the announcement that he had
once occupied the bench, seemed, indeed, to feel, as
was once said of another, that when the spotless er-
mine of the judicial robe fell on him, it touched
nothing not as spotless as itself. He has attempted
to sustain the position by the following inference-
that, as the State constitutions contain no grants of
power over the election of representatives to Con-
gress, ergo, that power must be derived from the
constitution ot the United States.
A moment's reflection would have spared the
learned judge the search into the constitutions of
eveVy State m the Union. He hdd forgotten the
nature of State constitutions, that their powers, as
I have already said, are not in the nature of p-ants,
but of limits and restrictions, leaving all matters not
prohibited subject to legislative action.
That such is the nature of State constitutions, no
gentleman will, I am sure, pretend to contravcrt; and
the fact alluded to by the judge, that the State con-
stitutions make no mention of the subject, renders
the conclusion irresistible that there are no limits or
restrictions to the exercise of that power; and that,
consequently, the whole matter is subject to theac"
tion of" the legislature.
I come to the second fake proposition, viz:-—that
the fourth section of the first "article of the constitu-
tion embraces the power over the subject of electing
representatives; or, m other words, of districting the
States. If the fourth section embraces that power,
will gentlemen inform me what power, or power
over what subject, does the second section of the first
article comprehend? That section provides that
"the House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second year by the people of
the several States; and the electors in each State shall
have the qualifications requisite for electors of the
most numerous branch of the State legislature."
The right to vote, and the qualifications of the vo-
ter, tire indisputably fixed by that section—the for-
mer residing with the people, the latter with the
States. But it may be urged that the second section
of the apportionment law does not conflict with tnis
section, because it does not propose tointerfere with
either the right to vote or the qualifications of the vo-
ter. But what does that law say? "They shail be
elected by districts of contiguous territory—no oae
district electing more than one representative." By
the constitution, each voter, having the requisite qual-
ifications to vote for members of the most numerous
branch of the State legislature, h&s a right to vote--
for what* One repretentative? No; for the whole
number of representatives to which such State is
entitled. To prevent the voter from voting for all,
and compelling him to vote for one,—does not that
interfere with the right of voting* To put the inqui-
ry Is alone sufficient. ... *
Again: if a single representative is elected by a
district, the qualified residents of the district can
alone vote for him. It follows, then, that every man
who is in his own State, but happens beyond >the
limits of his district at the time of election, .is dis-
franchised. Does it not, then, interfere, with the
qualifications of the voter, by annexing to the list of
those qualifications, already laid down, the addition-
al requirement that he shall be the resident of a par-
tieular district?
This section not only clearly exhibits the uncoil'
stitutionality of the second section of the apportion-
ment law, but establishes with equal clearness the
complete control over the election of representatives
to be vested in the legislatures of the several owes,,
setting; no fixed standard of qualifications, which
should be uniform throughout the States, for the
qualification of electors, but submitting the whole
matter to the States, whether the)' should choose to
admit to the enjoyment, of the elective franchise,
freeholder or pauper, white or black, without limit as
to property or color—a rule which should remain
through all time, and subject only to the interest o!
caprice of the States. . .
Let us examine that section of the constitution
under which the advocates of the apportionment
law set up the claim on the part of Congress to the
exercise of this right; that—the fourth section of the
first article—declares that "the times', places, ana
manner of holding elections for senators anu repre-
sentalives shall be prescribed in each State by the
legislature thereof; but Congress may at any time, by
law, make or alter such regulations, except as to the
places of choosing senators.1' AVhat do time,
place, and manner mean? Time, the day of election;
place, the election precints; maimer, the manage-
ment of the polls. Do they mean anything more?
Can the wildest constructionist make anything more
out of them? Will it be pretended that the power to
district a State is comprehended under these terms?
It. is not, of course, included under the words
"times and places;" and it is equally deal that it
cannot be embraced under the word "manner." The
"manner" of holding an election is one thing; the
persons to be elected, their qualifications, and num-
bers, totally different things.
"Shall be prescribed:"—does not'that word "pre-
scribe" condemn the construction contended for by
the friends of the apportionment law? Prescribe
what' The right of electing representatives? or the
l-Wit of districting a State? "Who ever heard of rm-
scribir.g a right? It is an absurdity in terms. You
may grunt a right, or confer a right; but you can only
prescribe the manner in which a right is to be ex~
The right to vote, and the qualifications of the
voter, are fixed by the second section; and the
ncr or details of the elections settled by the fourth
section. „ ,
The difficulty into winch we have fallen, has
arisen from confounding the two sections*, from
blending the "times, places, and manner" of electing,
with the "times, places, and manner" of hnlding
 lections. The "times, places, and manner" of elect-
ing had been already tixed by the sccond section.-
time every two years; place, the State: manner, Ly
the people. But the "times, placos, and manner" «/
holdm" elections, the election days, precincts, and de-
tails were alone settled by the fourth section.
But the authority of Mr. Madison's name is in-
voked in favor of the construction that the fourth
section embraces the right, on the part of Con-
gress, of districting. Sir, Mr. M dison never
made such an assertion. In illustrating the
abuses which might result from the exercise
of this discretionary power, he incidentally, and
perhaps unguardedly, made use of an expression
which the advocates of the law of 1843 have attempt-
ed to torture into sue}} an opinion. Such a cmtstwu
