132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr, Stiles.
H. of Reps.
(whether the clause embraced the power on the part
of Congress) was neither directly put to him, or by
him directly answered. We are, fortunately, not
left in the dark as to the opinions of the framers of
the constitution on this point. In the convention of
Massachusetts upon the adoption of the constitution-,
the question was directly put to the Hon. Rufus
King, (and although the convention which formed
the constitution constituted the ablest body of men
that ever met together in the world, in point of intel-
ligence Rufus King had not a superior in it,) and he
replied that the fourth section "extends to lie man-
ner of elections, and not to the rights or qualifica-
tions of the voter,"—See appendix, note 4.
Again: Mr. Iredell—one of the distinguished fra-
mers of the constitution—when, in the convention of
North Carolina, he was asked whether, under the
4th section, Congress could not extend the time of
electing members to twenty years, replied, that that
had been "fixed by the 2d section to two years;''
that the power under the 4th section "extended only
to the time of holding, the place of holding, and the
manner of holdingthe election."—See appendix, note 5.
By reference, then, to the 2d section, 1st article,
of the constitution, and the construction I have given
it—to which, I presume, there will be no dissent—
1 have shown:
1. That the right of voting is with the people;
that, from the nature of our government, it belonged
to them, as the source of all power; and the consti-
tution shows they have not parted with it.
2. That the control over the qualifications of vo-
ters has been deposited with the legislatures of the
States.
These clearly establish two others:
1. Tiie unconstitutionality of the apportionment
law, which would confer that power upon Congress.
•2. It mutually sustains'and is sustained by my
first proposition, viz: That our constitutions of gov-
ernment were formed by the people of the States;
that the authority of constitutions over government
is not more indisputable than that of the people in
their sovereignty over constitutions; and that it is in-
competent for a branch of government created by
that constitution to determine the powers which be-
long to its creators.
I approach the third untenable proposition—that
the 4th section confers on Congress supreme super-
vision and control over the election of representa-
tives. To continue the consideration of the clause:
"shall be prescribed in each State by the legislature there'
<f." Here is the grant of power made by the peo-
ple of the States to the legislatures of the said States.
Can anything be more clear, more explicit? It is
absolute: it is coupled with no condition or modifi-
cation. The States, then, by this portion of the
clausc, had the right in question. Have they ever
parted with it? How have they become divested of
n? Why, it is answered, "Congress may at any
time make or alter such regulations." What kind
of a right is this? Does this confer an exclusive
concurrent or contingent right oil Congress? That
it is an "exclusive" right, will not be pretended.
Why have the States, for upwards of fifty years,
from the commencement of the government to the
present, been in the sole, exclusive, and uncontrolled
exercise of it' If so, where was the necessity of
making it imperative on the States to prescribe any
regulations whatever on the subject' and what the
object of conferring on Congress the supervisory
power embraced in the last clause'
Is it a "concurrent" right? Would the framers
ol' the. constitution have thrown such a bone of con-
tention between the parties? Would they have in-
vited a contest for important rights between the
State and federal governments which would have
burst our Union to fragments' But, if they had
meant it to be concurrent, would they not have made
use of the tame term in each grant of power, and
not taken the particular pains of altering the phrase-
ology from "wWP to "may"—from imperative,
where the States are spoken of, to permissive, where
Congiess is mentioned?
If this was not an exclusive or a concuircnt right
rpon the part of Congress, it results, from inevitable
necessity, that it must have fceen simply a "contin-
ent'' right—a right to be used only upon the hap-
pening uf a contingency; or, as it has been called, an
■ii'thiiate right; to be exercised only in the last resort
by Congress, to preserve the government—a self-
jn-eservi'ng right, as it has been also styled, to be en-
forced only m the preservation of national existence.
It would be absurd to say, that although the consti-
tution has thus strictly and imperatively enjoined
upon the States, the performance of this duty, yet
Congress might, before the States had time to do it,
relieve them from it, by doing it themselves. But
"any time" is an unqualified expression, it may be
urged; but to give it such an interpretation would
destroy the force of the construction; since, if the
phrase be taken in an unlimited sense, then it is un-
limited as well to the past as the future. Congress
could have exercised as well at "any time" previous
to the exercise of such a power by the States, a con-
struction which would subject the whole clause to
manifest absurdity, since the power not only to
make, but to alter is given, and an alteration presup-
poses a prior existence; before there can be an altera-
tion, there must be an existence of regulations.
What regulations may Congress at any time make
or alter? The former part of the clause answers the
question. Such regulations only as the legislature
of each State is required to prescribe, concerning the
times, places, and manner of holding elections; and
when can Congress make or alter them? "at any
time?" At any time previously? No. At any time
"concurrently?" No; but at any time contingently.
At any time when the States shall neglect, or refuse,
or discharge with infidelity the trust confided to
them. It is evident, then, that the only power or
right which- Congress possesses over the subject
is contingent in its character; was conferred for the
purpose of arming the federal government with the
means of preserving its own existence; and until that
has been endangered by the omission of the States
to provide for the choice of their federal representa-
tives, no pretexts whatever exist for its interfer-
ence.
In other words, it is nothing more nor less than
the right of self-defence-, which, whether in persons or
governments, is but a contingent right, to be exer-
cised only upon the happening of a contingency—
whenever the security of persons or governments is
assailed. By the law, every individual is armed
with the right of self-defence—a right to the use of
force or violence for the preservation of personal
security—a right of which he is at all times pos-
sessed, but which he never can exercise except that
personal security be invaded; and were he to at-
tempt its use, under any other circumstances, he
becomes the aggressor, and is subject to the penal-
ties of violated law.
By the constitution, the government, by this clause,
is invested with a right of self-defence—a right
which she at all times possesses, but which can only
be exercised when the national security is endan-
gered, and which, if the government attempts to use
under any other circumstances, she becomes a
usurper, and is liable to have her mandates disre-
garded—the only penalty of a violated constitution.
That this is the correct and proper interpretation of
the disputed clause, not only common reason shows,
but is established clearly—
1st. By the rules of construction as established
for the constitution.
2d. By the history of the clause itself.
3d. By contemporary exposition, and subsequent
authority.
This interpretation is sustained by the rules of
construction laid down and adopted forthe construc-
tion of that instrument: and what are they? They
are derived from various sources.
From the common law.
From clauses and expressions in the constitu-
tion.
From the general end and design of the govern-
ment established Uy the constitution.
What are the rules of construction as derived
from the common law? In the first place, consider-
ing the constitution in the light of a contract. It is
a cardinal rule in the construction of all contracts—
and one especially applicable to an instrument drawn
with the conciseness and precision of the constitu-
tion of the United States, in which every word has
a meaning, and not one word is superfluous—that
effect be given to every clause and word in it- but the
first and enacting part of this clause (the most promi-
nent and effective part of every law) must be entire-
ly superseded by yielding to the construction con-
tended for by the advocates of the apportionment
law; or, considering the clause as a simple
statute, or portion of the common law, what would
be the rule of the construction as applicable in such
an event? An obvious conflict between the first and
last clauses of the same section; between the enacting
clause, and the proviso. What are the rules of inter-
pretation? '
To reconcile them, if you can, (and which in
this case can be done only by adopting the interpre-
tation I have made.)
If they cannot be reconciled, then laws, or acts,
being in the nature of deeds, the first clause must
stand, to the rejection of the last—the enacting
clause prevail, and the proviso be excluded.
By the first, or enacting clause, the power in dis-
pute is given to the States; and if any portion must
necessarily be rejected, it must be the latter, by which
the power is conferred on Congress.
The second branch of rules of construction are those
derived from clauses and expressions in the constitu-
tion; and are there any similar clauses and expres-
sions in it' What is contended for in the con-
struction of this clause of the constitution, by the
advocates of the apportionment law? It is a
control by Congress over the States—the control of
the national over State authority. Are there any
similar clauses in the constitution? I have searched
the constitution in vain, if there can be found in
that instrument, from its Alpha to its Omega, more
than one single clause, which,; can be tortured
into a control given to Congress over the acts of the
State legislature; and the reason for that most singu-
lar and anomalous provision is, that it is a matter
relating to the national revenue, which, by the con-
stitution, is intrusted to Congress. It is the single
instance where duties on imports are laid by a State
for the use of the treasury of the United States.
What, then, are the terms in which that power is
couched?—for, as intelligent a body as were the fra-
mers of the constitution, we will at least do them
the justice to believe that where they intended to
confer similar power, they would use similar lan-
guage. This provision is to be found in the 10th
section, 1st, article, and 2d clause, in which a State
solicits the permission of Congress to lay imposts
for executing its inspection laws. And in what
terms is this supervision on the part of Congress
over State legislation expressed? Is it "Congress
may at any time, by law, make or alter such regula-
tions?" No; but "All such laws shall be subject to
the revision and control of the Congress." How
wide the distinction between the expressions "may"
exercise a power, and "shall be subject to" its ex-
ercise! The former phrase is permissive, clearly
implying that the higher power is behind; but the
latter, from the very meaning of the terms attached
to and qualifying the regulations, subject to Con-
gress—or, as the word is defined, "submissive, un-
der the dominion of, enslaved"—shows the posses-
sion of supreme control in Congress, and that there is
no higher power behind. The great difference in
construction between the opponents and advocates
of the apportionment law is, that by the former it is
held as a contingent right, which can be exercised
only upon the occurrence of a contingency; by the
latter it is contended that the clause confers on Con-
gress the supreme power and control, and which is
not dependent for its exercise upon the happening of
any contingency. In other words, they claim and
contend for precisely such a power as is, by the con-
stitution, conferred on Congress in the 10th sec. 1st
article, relative to the laying of impost duties on
exports and imports by a State, viz: supreme super-
vision and control. That this is what they seek, is
openly avowed. Now I simply ask, if such was
the case, why did not the framers ofthe constitution
so express it' If they meant to confer the same
power, why did they not use the same language? If
they had meant, as the advocates of the law con-
tend, to give Congress supreme power over the regu-
lations of elections made by the States, why did
they not say, as in relation to imposts by a State,
such laws "shall be subject to the supervision and
control of the Congress?" They have made use of
no such expression; and the conclusion is irresistible
that they intended to convoy no such power.
The third rule, as laid down for the construc-
tion of the constitution, is such as is derived from
the general end and design of the government; as it
must necessarily be supposed to have been intended
that all the provisions should conspire to produce
that end.
The general end and design of the government
cannot be more safely gathered, or satisfactorily as-
certained, than by reference to the context of the
constitution; while the importance of examining the
preamble for the purpose of expounding the lan-
guage of a clause, has been long felt, and universally
conceded, in all political, as well as judicial discus-
sions.
"To form a more perfect union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defence and general welfare, and secure the bless-
ings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity," were
the momentous objects which led to the political
