120
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
terd'st thereon, at the rate of six per cent, per annum, since
the 31st day of March, 1816, be, and the- same is hereby,
fiven, granted, and appropriated, to and for the use and
enefit of General Andrew Jackson; and the same be paid
to him out of any moneys in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated, it being the amount of a fine paid by him for
a contempt of the district court of the United States at New
Orleans, at the time aforesaid: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be intended to be so construed as to
imply any censure upon the judge who imposed said fine,
or in any way to question the propriety of his decision in
said case;
which was negatived—ayes 38, noes 122.
Mr. THOMPSON then moved the previous ques-
tion; but said he would withdraw his motion for the
previous question in order to give the gentleman
from Georgia an opportunity to offer his amend-
ment as a substitute, provided he desired to debate
the question.
Mr. STEPHENS thanked the gentleman for his
courtesy. He had been endeavoring to get the floor
for the purpose of offering some reasons why his
amendment should be substituted, but he had not
succeeded.
Mr. SCHENCK said he hoped an opportunity
would be given to record their votes upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia.
The demand for the previous question having
been seconded,
The main question, which was upon the engross-
ment of the bill, was then put and carried.
Upon the passage of the bill, the yeas and nays
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as follows
—yeas 158, nays 28:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Barringer, Beardsley,
Belser, Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black,
James A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd,
Jacob Brinkerhoff. Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton
Brown, William J. Brown, Buffington, Burke, Burt, Cald-
well, Campbell, Cary, Catlm, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Chilton, Ciingman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Cross, Culloin, Dana, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, John W.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson,
Dillingham, Douglass, Duncan, Ditnlap, Ellis, Elmer, Far-
lee, Ficklin, Florence, Foster, French, Frick, Gilmer, Wilhs
Green, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson,
Hardin, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Iloge, Houston,
Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoli, Irvin, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley
B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy,
Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis,
Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Ed-
ward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Nes, Newton, Nor-
ris, Owen, Pannenter, Patterson, Payne, Peyton, Elisha R.
Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Ramsey, Rathbun, Almon H.
Kead, Charles M. Read, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Hitter,
Jlogers, Russell, St. John, Sample, Saunders, Senter, Thos.
H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone,
Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts,
Welter, Wentwortn, Whcaton, White, Williams, Wilkins,
Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and V ost—158.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barnard, Jeremiah Brown, Car-
roll, Cliappell, Cianston, Garrett Davis, Fish, Foot, (jid-
dings, Grider, Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenks, Daniel
f'. King, Mcllvaine, Morse, Moseley, Phosnix, Rodney,
Schenck, Severance. Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vin-
ton, and Wmthrop—'-18.
Mr. BIDLACK then moved a reconsideration of
the vote upon the passage of the bill. He did not
rise to continue the debate, but to endeavor to put
an end to it, Ivy making a motion which he had no
recollection of ever making before, and which he
very seldom voted. As he wasaboutto submitamotion
for the previous question, it would be in bad taste
to precede it with a speech. But he felt bound to
answer one question which had been reiterated
until he was tired of its repetition. It had been of-
ten demanded, with much emphasis, why the dom-
inant party had so long delayed this act of justice'
why we had so long slumbered over this matter?
To all this, there was one plain and natural an-
swer. It was supposed that by some means the
party politically opposed to General Jackson might
get into power even during his life time, and that it
would be good taste for them to hav e the opportunity
to show their magnanimity on this question. They
have had the opportunity, and have failed, or rather
refused to embrace it, and we are under no obliga-
tions to wait any longer. They can never expect to
have any other chance, and must not complain if we
do it ourselves. The sooner we do it now the better,
and I therefore call the previous question.
The demand for the previous question having
been seconded, and the main question ordered,
The question on reconsideration was taken, and
rejected without a division.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
.., \ were handed to the reporters by the members
i uwnting them:
By Mr. RELFE: Petition of Adam L. Mills, for
payment of moneys withheld from him by the Post
Office Department, for carrying the United States
mail: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
By Mr. P. KING: Petition of inhabitants of St.
Lawrence county, New York, for a revision of the
rates of postage.
By Mr. HAMLIN: Petition of Abner Taylor &
Co. and 62 other firms, and Daniel B. Stone and 92
others, all merchants of Bangor, Maine, to have
Bangor established as a port of entry and clearance:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. LABRANCHE: Petitions of citizens of the
parishes of Terrebonne, Ascention, and Donaldson-
ville, State of Louisiana, remonstrating against the
removal of the surveyor-general's office from Don-
aldsonville to Baton Rouge: referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
By Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana: Petition of C. G.
Morehouse and 65 other citizens of Indiana and Il-
linois, praying that the Congress of the United
States would grant to the State of Indiana the va-
cant lands in the Vincennes land district, in Indiana,
for the continuation of the Wabash and Erie canal
from Terre Haute to Evansville, on the Ohio river.
By Mr. SAMPLE: Petition of John Francis and
1265 others, citizens of northern Indiana, praying
that Congress, at an early day, will make adequate
and suitable appropriation for continuing the con-
struction of the harbor at Michigan City, on Lake
Michigan, in the State of Indiana.
By Mr. WELLER: Petition of Hiram McNutt
and 220 other citizens of the southeastern part of
Ohio, praying Congress to make an appropriation for
the continuation of the Ciamberland road: referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. SMITH of Illinois: Petition of John
Boucher, a soldier in the late war, praying arrears
of pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. The petition of William McCauley, a
soldier in the late war, praying a pension: referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. PHCENIX: Memorial of stock-owners,
merchants, and traders, in the city of New York,
asking for the extension of the privilege of draw-
back; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, together with the papers on file relating to
that subject. The petition of Louis Struller, for re-
turn of'duties, &c., improperly made by Seigert &
Struller of New York: referred to the Committee on
Commerce. The memorial and petition of merchants
and manufacturers in the city of New York, asking
for a modification of the rates of duties on such ar-
ticles as shall seem compatible with the best inter-
ests of the country: referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
By Mr. DODGE: Six petitions, numerously
signed, asking Congress to establish a mail-route
from Prairieville, Wisconsin Territory, via Genesee,
North Prairie, Eagle Prairie, White Water, Port At-
kinson, and Snell's Lake, to Madison, the seat of gov-
vernnient in said Territory: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Two peti-
tions, asking Congress to establish a mail-route from
Mequanago, via Eugle Prairie,White Water, and Port
Atkinson, to Madison, the seat of government: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. Two memorials, numerously signed by the
citizens of the Territory, asking Congress for an ap-
propriation for a road from Shiboyagan, by the Win-
nebago lake, to Pon River. Also for an appropriation
for that part of the United Suites road between Ford
du Lac and Green Bay: referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals. A petition of the inhabitants
of Racine county, asking Congress for an appropri-
ation for a harbor at the mouth of Root River,
town of Racine, Territory of Wisconsin: referred
to the Committee on Commerce. Petition of Jo-
seph Dinen of Grant county, Territory of Wiscon-
sin, for back pension, for a wound received in the
service of the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. Petition of James B. Es-
tis, of Iowa county, Territory of Wisconsin, ask-
ing Congress for remuneration for property destroy-
ed and services rendeied the United States during
the Sac and Fox war of 1832: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. Petition of Roxana Evans, ask-
ing Congress to make an appropriation to remune-
rate her for the loSs of property destroyed by the
British, on the 13th of December, 1813," at Lewis-
town, m the State of New York: referred to the.
Committee of Claims. Petition of John McNear,
asking Congress to grant him a pension from the
time he was wounded in the servicc of the United
States, from July 21st, 1832, until March 8th, 1834:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 9, 1844.
Mr. SEVIER appeared in his seat to day, having
recovered from his indisposition.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
Samuel Stokes and others of Monroe and Carbon
counties, Pennsylvania, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Stroudsburg, Monroe
county, to Lehigh Water Gap, in Carbon county.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of Warren county,
Pennsylvania, praying for a reduction of the rates
of postage; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking for an appropriation for the completion of
the works for the improvement of the harbor of Erie;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also presented a petition from Jesse Biddle, a
soldier in the late war, praying for a pension: re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from Charles
Crocker and others of the State of Massachusetts,
suggesting alterations and a reduction in the rates
of postage: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was or-
dered that the petition of Warren Kingsley be ta-
ken from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BREESE moved that the report laid before
the Senate a few days ago, (on the subject of leases
of the lead mines,) and the report from the Secretary
of the Treasury on yesterday, (exhibiting the num-
ber of suits instituted by the United States against
citizens of Illinois aad Wisconsin, for alleged tres-
passes upon the public lands,) be printed. He re-
marked that he contemplated some action upon those
reports, which was his reason for urging that they
be printed. The motion was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a petition from inhabit-
ants of Pennsylvania, praying for a post-route from
Washington, Pennsylvania, to Steubenville, Ohio:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented a memorial from
Jordan L. Mott, of the city of New York, accom-
panied by a pamphlet descriptive of stoves, furnaces,
bath tubs, and ventilatois, which was printed for the
purpose of circulation through the mail. He repre-
sents that the postmaster of the city of New York
decided that the pamphlet was subject to letter post-
age. He prays action by Congress upon the sub-
ject: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. PORTER presented a series of resolutions,
adopted at a public meeting of citizens of New Buf-
falo, on the subject of the construction of a harbor
for the protection of commerce on the southeastern
part of Lake Michigan, and recommending New
Buffalo to the consideration of Congress, and ask-
ing for an appropriation for a harbor there: referred
to the Committee on Commerce. „
Also presented a memorial from Julius Eldred,
praying Congress to indemnify him for the copper
mass recently transported from Lake Superior to
Washington city, which he said was found on land
occupied by him previous to its cession to the
United States by the Indians. He represents that
an officer, under the direction of the War Depart-
ment, took possession of it. He prays that, unless
the Government compensate him for the copper,
and the expenses of attending its removal, he may
be put in possession of it again: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition from
Eber S. Ward, representing that some error had
been committed in a contract of his for carrying the
mail, and asks that authority may be conferred on
the Postmaster General to correct the error: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from the rep-
resentatives of Dr. George Yates, who was a sur-
geon's mate in the army of Washington, ask-
ing for compensation: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEVIER presented certain documents in re-
lation to the claim of F. A. Kerr, for compensation
for enrolling and subsisting indigent Indians: re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
