Feb. 1844.  
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stiles.
H.of Reps
the high and sovereign condition in which they
have ever been held, under every form of their ex-
istence, to mere subordinate and ministerial agents.
Is this the nature and theory of our government' _
What is the great beauty of our system? its
striking, original, purely American feature? that
which constitutes its great conservative principle?
that which distinguishes our government from all
the short-lived republics which have preceded it'
that which saves it from despotism, the unexcep-
tionable fate of widely extended countries? and that
which, in short, gives it strength and power enough
to preserve the Union, if it comprised every foot of
soil between the Atlantic and the Pacific, and yet
has rendered it too weak to destroy that Union, if it
consisted only of the two feeblest members in it.'
It is our peculiar division of power into two parts,
with distinct and independent governments, State
and general, each regularly organized into depart-
ments, legislative, executive, and judicial, to carry
their respective parts into effect. The one designed
to regulate the objects in which each has a particu-
lar interest; the other to regulate the interests com-
mon to all; so that, however diversified by climate,
production, or otherwise, may be the local interests
of the respective States, they will meet the attention
of their local governments, whilst their general in-
terest, however insignificant or important, will not
escape the vigilance of the general government. 8ut
is there any division of power, as in our boast, when
the whole is concentrated in one' Will they be dis-
tinct and independent governments, as the constitution
makes them, if one is to perform the mandates of
the other- Should that one, indeed, be dignified
with the name of qoieminent, whose most striking
characteristic is only to be governed? And what is
the object and design of these divisions of power,
and distinct and independent governments, but to
create checks and balances for the double security
of the people' And will theie be any checks and
balances, and consequent security of the people,
where the two are blended intu one' No, it will to-
tally subvert the whole character of our system.
The two governments are co-ordinate departments
of one single and integral whole; and if either de-
partment is annihilated, the whole system is de-
stroyed. The State governments are absolutely ne-
cessary io the form and spirit of the system; and to
sacrifice them to the general government would not
only be inadmissible, but totally inconsistent with
the preservation of liberty.
But something more was necessary than the mere
division of powers, and the formation of governments.
It was essential that these powers and governments
should not only be distinct and independent in
name, but be distinct and independent m operation.
The former would constitute a beautiful system in
theory, but one ruinous in practice. This we had
been taught under the confederation; and this it was
the object of the constitution to amend. This was
the last touch, the finishing stroke, to give perfection
to the system; that instead of acting one on the other
government, they should both act on individuals;
that the federal government should execute its laws,
not through State legislatures, but immediately and
directly on the people. The perpetuity of the gen-
eral government, and the union and harmony of the
States essentially require—
That federal and State powers should move
and act in their respective orbits.
That the legislative enactments of the general
government should operate directly on the people of
the States, instead of their legislatures.
The existence of these two principles (if they
may be called such, instead of different qualifica-
tions of the same great principle) was not only es-
sential, but it was also necessary, that the existence
of them should be concurrent. History abounds
with examples of the republics of antiquity, wherein
the one or the other prevailed; but the single posses-
sion of either proved but a feeble tenure to liberty.
In fact, the inefficiency of the one without the other
our ancestors themselves had fully experienced—the
one under the articles of confederation^ and the
other under the colonial governments which prece-
ded it.
Strike out the former provision, and our consoli-
dated republic instantly degenerates into a military
despotism. Strike out the latter, and our federal
government immediately dwindles into a miserably
inefficient league. Strike out the former, and the
country suffers at once a violent death. Strike out
the latter, and it languishes, and dies a natural death,
from its own enfeebled constitution.
And what does the second section of the appor-
tionment law propose, but the annihilation of both
these great principles. It does not confine federal
and State powers to their respective orbits, because
it permits the former to usurp the rights expressly
reserved to the latter. It does not preserve the op-
erations of the general government directly on the
people, because it sanctions its operations on the
legislatures of the States. Thus have I attempted to
sustain my second ground, viz.; that even if Con-
gress had the power, the manner of its exercise is
unconstitutional, while this point mutually supports
and is supported by the third proposition, or char-
acteristic of government, which I deduced in the
opening, from the nature of our government, while
it should give force to our construction, viz:
That the government of the Union is a com-
plete government for the ends for which it was crea-
ted; it can accomplish all its legitimate objects with-
out the legislative aid of any other body; and has
therefore no reason or right to command or direct
the legislation of the States.
But aside from the constitutional question—the
question of the constitutionality of the power in
Congress, and that of the constitutionality of the
manner of its operation—
Would the exercise of the power be expedi-
ent} I think not, for the reasons:
Bccause its exercise was uncalled for
It is destructive of the rights of the States.
It is destructive of the rights of the people
It was 1 mcttlled for. lias there been a sin-
gle voice of complaint uttered against a prac-
tice which has been in existence from the com-
mencement of the government to the present
time? What is the evil it is designed to rem-
edy? The general-ticket ostein of election. If that
practice was wrong, or attended with any evd
effect in its progress, is it likely it would have com-
menced with the very beginning of the government,
when its framers were in life to have corrected it,
and to have continued for upwards of fifty years
without a single effort having been made before to
correct it?
Supposing the power to be tintrammeled by a
single doubt", after it has lain dormant for so many
years, through so many scenes of difficulty and dan-
ger, without ail occasion for its exercise: is it wise
and politic, in these days of profound peace and gen-
eral repose, to assume its exercise without a single
petition for redress, and without the first murmur of
discontent' But its exercise is attempted to be jus-
tified—and it is the only reason I have, heard assum-
ed—on the ground4of uniformity. If uniformity is
such a virtue, why not have it in everything con-
nected with elections? Why not have uniformity
as to qualifications of the electors' and uniformity
as to the details of the elections of representatives to
this House' Why not have uniformity as to
tile time, place, and manner of voting for electors of
President.' And, above all, why not have had uni-
formity in the criminal jurisprudence of the coun-
try? Why have left all these important considera-
tions to the determination of "unwise and improvi-
dent .States.'" Why are these things so? For the
reason that uniformity could not be attained without
overriding the laws of the States; and because it was
a principle which actuated the statesmen that form-
ed the constitution, never to encroach upon any pre-
rogative which the States could separately exercise.
The very question of uniformity \va° presented to
the convention, and there deliberately discussed and
decided. "Two modes of providing for the right of
suffrage, in the choice of representatives, were pre-
senteif to the consideration of that body. One was,
to devise some plan which should operate uniform-
ly in all the States, on a common principle; the oth-
er was, to conform to the existing diversities in the
the States." In remarking upon the clause in the
constitution, which was finally adopted, the Federal-
ist has remarked: "The provision made by the con-
vention appears to be the best that lay within
their option." "If must be satisfactory to every
State, because it is conformable to the standard
already established by the State itself."—See appen-
dix, note 18.
But why do I waste the time of this House in
dwelling upon these conjured evils? Are they evils
at all? and if they are, can they be, remedied by the
law? And if they are evils, and can be, remedied,
will they be compensation sufficient for the utter
destruction of the constitution, for trampling it in
the dust, and usurping, in defiance of it, by direct
opposition or ingenious construction, powers that
the history of the convention proves, beyond all
doubt, were never meant to be granted?
Inexpedient to exercise it, because destructive
of the rights of the States.
That the exercise of this power would be destruc-
tive of the rights of the States, has been already
shown under the-preceding branches of the ai-gu-
ment, in Congress having usurped one of the most
important rights reserved to them in the constitu-
tion; and then, in its exercise, making menials of
them to "do their bidding." That such would b«
the effect of this very provision, was foreseen and
pronounced at the time of its adoption, by some of .
the most jealous and vigilant sentinels over the
rights of the States. Luther Martin, in his report
to the legislature of Maryland, not only utters his
prophetic warnings of the danger, but charges its
construction to that obvious intent. "A provision","
he says, "expressly looking forward to, and I have
no doubt designed for, the utter extinction and aboli-
tion of all State governments."—(See appm&c, note
19.) And we find that, among the objections which
determined Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, to with-
hold his name from the constitution, was the power
of Congress over the places of election.—(See ap'
pendix, note 20.) So cautious were the State rights
men of the convention, that even a contingent power
for the preservation of the government, (in which'
light the provision was alone considered at that
time,) they, for the fear of its abuse to the injury of
the States, were unwilling to intrust it to the hands
of Congress. And shall we now, at this distant
day, surrender, without a cause and without a strug-
gle, those rights in which abide the only safety for
the liberties' of the people, and the only guaranty
for the perpetuity of the Union?—rights which, in
the convention, Mr. Madison said lie would "pre-
serve with the same care that he would trials by-
jury;" and rights on which, as Judge Ellsworth
there said, "his happiness as much depended as" a
new-born infant depends upon Us mother for
nourishment."—(See appendix,note 21.) No/Indepen-
dent of the benefits to the country from State rights,
which I hold to be incalculable, 1 look with peculiar
reverence upon this palladium of our liberties; be-
cause I think I can discern in its creation the im-
press of Pleaven's hand. It was the pride of th©
ancient Roman to trace the glory of his country to
celestial origin; but it would scarcely occur to the
American of the present day, with how much more
ease and more truth he. is enabled to trace the glory
of fiis country to a similar source. I agree with the
sentiment of the venerable Franklin, when moving
that the deliberations of the convention be bpened
with prayer, that x'God governs in the affairs of
men;" (See appendix, note 22,) or, as the idea has:
been poetically expressed, "There's a Divinity
which shapes our ends." 'Tis true, the whole
edifice, of American liberty is the work of the'
Supreme hand; but if there is any part of the
structure in which the finger of Heaven seems
so manifest, as to be, discernible, to the finite visions
of humanity, it is those portions which are known as
and constitute the separate and reserved rights of tha
States. What but Providential interposition could
have produced the result that emigants of the same
nation, embarking from the same shore, actuated by
ihe same ends, bound to the same land,—instead of
being united, should have separated in their settle-
roente near 1,000 miles? What but the hand of
Heaven could have, directed the opposing breezes
which propelled one bark upon "the sunny shores'*
of Carolina, and the other upon the "ice-bound coast"
of Plymouth? And to what, mighty results has not
this apparently unimportant circumstance led? Had
it happened, as it would have seemed most wise and
natural on the, part of the, early emigrants, to have
clustered together m a savage wilderness, for mutu.'
al protection and support, the country would
have gradually enlarged from the single point of
settlement, the population would have expanded
into one undistinguished mass, without divisions
of rights; without'a "breakwater to arrest the an-
0-ry waves of power;" with nothing to confederate
and nothing to preserve a confederation; and the
consolidated republic could have, been held together
only by the sternest despotism, or would have been
burst to fragments by conflicting interests. Where-
as the several colonies being separate and distinct
in'their settlement—separate, and distinct in their
government—sepaiate and distinct in their political
rights—this independent and distinctive character
became so completely a law of their nature, that,
notwithstanding the great sacrifices they v.-ere mu
tually called on to make for the "common defence
and general welfare," these peculiar rights were
never parted with; they were "published" in their
