122
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fine imposed on Gen. Jackson, and asking the con-
currence of the Senate in the same.
The bill was taken up; and, being read twice, was,
on motion of Mr. WALKER, referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
The adverse report of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, on the claim of Ira Day, came
up for consideration; but was, on the motion of Mr.
UPHAM, laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. .
Tuesday, January 9, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made a report upon the petition of
citizens of Louisiana, accompanied by a bill (No.
23) to provide for the adjustment of land claims
within the States of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana,
and the Territory of Iowa, &c., in those parts of
the States of Mississippi and Alabama south of the
31st degree of north latitude, and between the Mis-
sissippi and Perdido rivers: read and committed to
the committee of the whole House to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH of Illinois gave notice for leave to
introduce bills with the following titles, viz:
A bill to create the city of Alton a port of entry.
A bill for the relief of Pierre McNard, the legal
representative of Antoine Peltiers and Joseph Placy;
and
A bill for the relief of David A. Kenson.
On motion of Mr. HUNT, the following resolu-
tion was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House a statement showing
the amount heretofore expended in improving the
Oak-orchard harbor, in the State of New York, with
an estimate of the amount required to complete the
same; and that he also communicate such informa-
tion as may be in his possession respecting the
quantity and condition of the material purchased by
the Government, for the prosecution of said im-
provement.
On motion of Mr. PAYNE, the following reso-
lution was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing
for the more adequate compensation of pension
agents.
Mr. WENT WORTH, in pursuance of notice
heretofore given, introduced a bill granting an addi-
tional quantity of land to the State of Illinois, to aid
in the completion of the Illinois and Michigan canal.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill (No. 26) to fix the
value of the florin of Austria at the custom houses
of the United States: read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. BIDLACK, in pursuance of notice hereto-
fore given, introduced a bill for the establishment of
a national foundry for the fabrication of cannon for
the use of the army and navy of the United States:
referred to a select committee.
Mr. HOGE gave notice that he would, at an early
day, introduce a bill providing for the immediate
sale of the reserved unsold lands of the Government
upon the Upper Mississippi, and for other purposes.
Also, a bill to establish a port of entry at the city of
Galena, in the State of Illinois.
On motion of Mr. HOGE, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to this House a copy of the report
of Capt. William A. Bell, of the Ordnance Bureau,
in the fall of 1842, upon the subject af the mineral
lands of the Upper Mississippi.
Mr. TIBBATTS, on leave, and in pursuance
of notice given, introduced a bill to authorize the
purchase of the residue of the stock held by indi-
vidual stockholders in the Louisville and Portland
Canal Company, and to make the navigation of said
canal free from toll; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
_ Mr. DEAN, in pursuance of notice heretofore
given, introduced a bill to reduce and regulate the
compensation of the members of the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States, and
of the Delegates of the Territories, and certain offi-
cers and other persons in the pay and service of the
Federal Government: read twice, and referred to the
Select Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. McDOWELL rose for the purpose of offer-
ing a resolution; when
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the orders of
the day.
Mr. BARNARD desired the unanimous consent
of the House to pass a resolution, which had been
offered by him a few days ago, calling upon the
Secretary of War for information which was now
wanted by the"Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. McDowell] was in possession of
the floor when the order of the day was called by
the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. WISE inquired of the Speaker whether the
report of the Committee on Rules was the subject
first in order. Being answered in the affirmative—
Mr. WISE said he had a request to make; which
was, that he might be permitted to submita minority
report.
Mr. ADAMS repeated the call which had been
made by Mr. Cave Johnson for the orders of the
day. The question had been postponed and staved off
for a week past. Two motions were now pending
in relation to the report of the committee; and now,
after there had been discussion upon those mo-
tions, a further delay was desired by the gentle-
man from Virginia, for the purpose of allowing him
and other members of the committee to make a mi-
nority report. He thought it was certainly a very
unusual request.
Mr. WISE said the gentleman misapprehended
him. He did not ask for any postponement. He
only asked the leave of the House to put in a re-
port.
Mr. ADAMS said, if it would occasion no delay,
he had no sort of objection that the gentleman
should have leave to put in his report; but the pend-
ing question being for the recommitment of the re-
port, if that motion should .be decided affirmatively
the gentleman would not be under the necessity of
making a minority report; because the recommit-
ment would throw the matter back before the com-
mittee.
Leave was granted to introduce the minority re-
port; and the House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the order of the day.
Mr. A V. BROWN, who had the floor, observed
that the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise,] to submit a minority report, in his
humble judgment greatly affected the question be-
fore the House; and he had strong doubts whether
it would not be even better to postpone any further
action on the subject till such time when the whole
of it should be before them.
Mr. CLINTON observed that if the gentleman
would give way, he would move to postpone the
further consideration of the subject till the 23d of
this month.
Mr. ELMER inquired whether the motion would
not require a vote of two-thirds.
The SPEAKER said that it would not.
Mr. ADAMS. Not take a vote of two-thirds,
Mr. Speaker, to postpone to a day certain?
The SPEAKER thought it would not.
Mr. ADAMS. The proposition is to postpone to
a day certain—this day two weeks. Does the Chair
think this proposition to change the order of busi-
ness, which has been taken up by a vote of two-
thirds, can be carried by a majority?
The SPEAKER thought that when a subject was
under consideration by the House, though it might
be a special order, its further consideration might be
postponed by a majority vote. The subject, how-
ever, would not lose its character of a special order;
though the House could at any time, by a majority,
postpone the order of business.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER said he could refer the gentle-
man to at least thirty cases in which the House, by
a majority, had postponed a special oider.
Mr. ADAMS knew of no such cases. He thought
the position of the Speaker destroyed totally the rule
which required a vote of two-thirds to change the
order of business.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether this proposition,
if postponed, would require a vote of two-thirds to
take it up.
The SPEAKER. The proposition, if postponed,
will come up on the day to which it may be post-
poned as the special order.
Mr. WHITE addressed the Chair in favor of the
appeal, and in opposition to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BROWN of Indiana moved to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. WHITE called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered. .
Mr. W. then asked if it would require a vote of
two-thirds to take it up, should the subject be laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER answered that it would require a
vote of two-thirds to take it up out of its order.
Mr. BELSER inquired whether the existing rules
would remain in force if the motion to lay on the
table prevailed.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The question was then taken, and decidcd in the
negative—yeas 76, nays 107, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrmger, Belser, Bidlack, James Black,
James A. Black, Blackwcll, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd,
Jacob Brinkerhoft', Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, "Wil-
liam J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Coles, Cullom,
Daniel, Dawson, Deberry, Dellet, Dickinson, Ficklin,
French, Gilmer, Haralson, Henley, Houston, Hubard,
Hughes, Jameson, Cave Johnson, George W. Jones, Ken-
nedy, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClernand,
McConnell, McKay, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Owen,
Payne, David S. Rcid, Reding, Relfe, Russell, Saunders,
Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens,
Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentwortli, Wise, Woodward, and
Yost—76.
NAYS—Messrs, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Barnard, Beards-
ley, Benton, Edward J. Black, Brodhead, Jeremiah Brown,
Buflington, Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Chilton, Chngman, Clin-
ton, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Garrett Davis, Richard D.
Davis, Dean, Dickey, Dillingham, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis,
Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, Frick, Gid-
dings, Willis Green, Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hale,
Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Herriok, Hubbell, Hudson,
Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvm, Jenks, Perley B. John-
son, Andrew Johnson, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kirk-
patnek, Leonard, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland,
McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Joseph
Morris, Morse, Moseley, Murphy, Nes, Parmenter. Patter-
son, Peyton, Phcenix, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter,
Pratt, Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Read, Ritter, Rodney,
Rogers, Sample, Schenck* Severance, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour. Simons, Albert Smith, John T. Smith,
Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Sykes, Tilden,
Tyler, Vance, Vanmotor, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Wil-
liams, Wmthrop, William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—
So the subject was not laid on the table.
The appeal of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] from the decision of the Chair, that a
majority vote could postpone this subject to this day
two weeks, and give it then the precedence which it
had this morning, came up as the next question; and
on this a brief conversation ensued, in which Mr.
WISE, Mr. J. CAMPBELL, Mr. SAUNDERS,
Mr. ADAMS, Mr. BLACK, Mr. CLINGMAN,
Mr. WHITE, Mr. McDOWELL, Mr. CLIN-
TON, Mr. JAMESON, Mr. HAMLTN, and the
SPEAKER took part. The decision of the Speak-
er was then sustained by the House.
THE REFERENCE OP THE PRESIDENT'S MES-
SAGE.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired if the morning
hour had not expired.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole, for the
purpose of taking up the resolutions which were in
part debated some time ago, referring the several
portions of the President's message to appropriate
committees.
The motion was agreed to; and
Mr. WINTHROP took the chair.
The pending question was on the 11th resolution,
which proposes to refer so much of the President's
message as relates to the policy of attending to the
rivers and lakes of the West, to the Committee on
Commerce.
To this an amendment was proposed, to refer the
subject to a select committee of nine.
Mr. WELLER, who had the floor on the pend-
ing question, commenced with an intimation that if
the committee was disposed to take the question, he
would occupy but a very brief portion of its time.
He then recapitulated many of the objects for which
appropriations had been asked; and said that, among
others, there was the Hudson river, which was near-
ly free from obstruction.
There was far more commerce floating upon the
Mississippi than upon the Hudson. When he
made this statement in a former session, gentlemen
were astonished; but he could assure them it was
the case. That great river was navigated by 450
steamboats, giving employment to some 30,000 per-
sons; and deserved, more than any other river that
could be named, the attention of this Government,
to which, in his opinion, exclusive jurisdiction over
the subject belonged. He denied tlwt the State
