iSs
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stiles.
H. of Reps.
"declaration," "retained" in their "confederation,"
"reserved" in their "constitution," and will be sur-
rendered only in their destruction. There are
those who, in judging of events, are sufficient-
ly .ortherdox to attribute those of momentous
interest to "the first great cause," whilst mat-
ters, seemingly of minor importance, they he-
retjcally ascribe to the operations of chance.
That "God created the heavens and the earth,"
they instantly and cheerfully admit; and yet they
inconsiderately set down to accident that other dec-
laration that "without His will not a sparrow falleth
to the ground;" when they both rest upon the same
high and sacred authority. There may be those
who look upon the glory of their country, and every
other object except their own individual successes
a matter of minor importance, and from whom no
wiser conclusion on the facts could be expected; but
let the patriotic and reflecting man consider the sub-
ject in all its bearings; the peculiar features of our
system; the mode in which alone these features
could be formed; the manner in which they were
accomplished, contrary to the ordinary conduct of
men, and if he can ascribe to chance the origin of
State rights, the glory of the country, then, indeed,
may he be expected to pronounce the inconceiva-
■ ble magnificence and splendor of God's creation
but chance; the standing still of the sun in.Gibeon,
and the moon in the valley of Ajalon, or the awful
terrors of the boundless, fathomless, world-destroy-
ing deluge as but mere chance.
Its exercise would be destructive to the rights
of the people.
In what kind of a government do we live? and
what is the principle upon which it is based? It is
a representative government; and the principle is,
that all power is in the people; and that they have
the capacity as well as right of self-government.
To prosecute this self-government, the people,
then, must have a representation. But what does
this law provide? It, in substance, thus addresses
the State legislatures: "We order you to pass laws
districting your respective States. We do not choose
to do this ourselves, although we possess the power;
and, therefore, we command you to do it for us, un-
der the penalty, in case of disobedience, of having
your pemie's chosen representatives excluded from their
seats." Is such conduct in accordance with the na-
ture and principles of the government, as I have just
stated them? Is it consistent with the right of rep-
resentation, to be excluded from representation? con-
sistent with their possession of all power, to be com-
manded? or consistent with their right capacity for
self-government, to be governed? So sure as such are
the nature and principles of the government, and so
' sure as such is the law in dispute, just so sure are
they totally inconsistent with, and subversive of
each other. They cannot exist together. Either
the government must stand, or the law fall; or the
law must stand, and the government fall. Will the
people pause, to make a question in such a case?
Will they submit to such a tone from their ser-
vants, a brunch only of their agency? Will they qui-
etly submit to disfranchisement?
The only branch of the whole government which
the people have reserved to themselves the right, of
electing directly, is the first branch of the national le-
gislature. The members of this House are particu-
larly the representatives of the people. And shall
these particular representatives be excluded from all
participation in the government' Shall the people
themselves, through their representatives, be prohib-
ited from governing themselves? Shall the people
be compelled to remain unrepresented, until the le-
gislature of the Slates shall obey the mandate of
Congress?—a quarrel for power between two agents;
and, like similar cases of daily occurrence in private
life, the principal the only sufferer.
Placing out of view the question of the constitu-
tionality of the power of Congress to district the
States, or that of ordering the States to district
themselves, putting aside the power to do it, the art
itself has not been done; the duty has not been per-
formed; the State has not been districted. Congress
says she has the power to do it; but she does not
presume to omnipotence—"to will only, and it is
done." Before she can expect to derive any benefit
from an act, she must first perform the act. The
power in question, like all the other sleeping pow-
ers conferred by the constitution on Congress, must
remain inoperative—lie dead—until put in opera-
tion—called into existence by the necessary legis-
lative enactments.
It cannot be denied that no regulations have been
fnade by Congress touching the election of repre-
sentatives; neither have any regulations heretofore
existing been altered; and of course the conclusion
is irresistible, the power still sleeps; and if Congress,
from the inefficiency of her legislation or other
cause, has failed to touch the dead corse of inani-
mate power, and to call it forth into life and activity,
are the people, on this account, to be deprived of all
representation? But, says Congress, we have or-
dered the States, and they have refused obedience
to our mandate. Is our sovereign will to be thus
frustrated, our dignity insulted? and what say the
States in reply to Congress? Show us that line in the
constitution which makes us the servants of the
general government? You cannot', but search the in
strument, and you will find the power over elections
given to us, and so long as we continue to exercise
it in obedience to the direction of the constitution,
you cannot touch it; you might as well attempt to
take away the commission of a judge, appointed
during good behavior, where there was no charge
against him, as to presume to take from us our
rights before we, by our fault, have deprived our-
selves of them. Justice, as we have already shown,
is with the States; but that is not now the question.
The consideration at present is, whether the people
who are the best, as they are the only, judges of
their true interests, will permit themselves to be the
only sufferers in the contest between their own
agents?
Will the people of the States calmly-surrender
their representation in Congress? will the acts of
Congress be respected in those States whose repre-
sentatives have been repudiated, whose voice has
been smothered' whose participation in the legisla-
tive councils has been sternly rejected? What led
to the revolution, but that representation and taxa-
tion did not go together? What was, in the convention,
most solemnly asserted ought to go together; and
what has always been considered an indisputable
axiom of political government? It is that representa-
tion follows taxation, as legitimately as protection does
allegiance, that they are reciprocal—the one ceasing
when the other is withdrawn. If the people of these
States threw off the last government under which
they lived for this cause, is it not reasonable to sup-
pose that, the same causes operating, they will
throw off this?
If they failed not for this very cause to throw off
a government which they were bound by birth to
obey and defend, will they hesitate, for the same
reason, to cast aside one of their own formation;
and which they have found to fall short of the end
of its creation?
No, sir. Upwards of 50 years ago, it was fore-
seen and foretold; upwards of half a century since,
before the constitution was called into being, when
divested of the excitement which such a cause was
well calculated to produce, did-the prophetic voice
of Hamilton, when considering this clause, and an-
ticipating the very abuse which has occurred, de-
clare, "It is not difficult to conceive that this char-
acteristic right of freedom may, in certain turbulent
and factious seasons, be violated in respect to a par-
ticular class of citizens, by a victorious majority,
but that so fundamental a privilege, in a country
situated and enlightened as this, should be invaded
to the prejudice of the great mass of the people, by
the deliberate policy of the government, without oc-
casioning a popular revolution, is altogether incon-
ceivable and incredible."—(See a]ipauUx,r.ote 23.) When
"all power is originally vested m the people, and all
free governments are founded on their authority," and
are instituted for their peace, safety, and happiness;
and "whenever one form of government becomes sub-
versive of these ends, as it is the right of the people
to alter or abolish it," is it piesuming too much that
they will not hesitate? "When they are suffering
repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in
direct object the establishment of an absolute tyran-
ny over these States"—when they are "compelled
to relinquish the right of representation in the legis-
lature—"a right inestimable to freemen, and formida-
ble to tyrants only"—when compelled to submit to
a course "abolishing our most valuable laws, and
altering fundamentally the forms of our govern-
ment,"—is it asserting too much to say that the peo-
ple will not submit? So. I think I hear them
solemnly and firmly exclaiming, when "we have
warned them from time to time of attempts of their
legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction
over us".—when "we have appealed to their native
justice and magnanimity, ana have conjured them,
by the ties of a common kindred, to disavow these
usurpations, which would inevitably interrupt our
connexions and correspondence"—and when they
too have been deaf to the voice of justice and consan-
guinity," "we must therefore acquiesce in the ne-
cessity which denounces our separation." "We,
the people [of the injured States,] will, appealing
to the supreme judge ofthe world for the rectitude of
our intentions, in the name, and by the authority, of
[these injured States,] solemnly publish and declare
that these [respective political bodies] are, and
of right ought to be free and independent States;"
"and that, for the support of this declaration,
with a firm reliance on the protection of Divine
Providence, wre mutually pledge to each other our
lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor,"—Appen-
dix, note 24.
This is not fancy; it is fact. So sure as every
constitution in these United States has assumed, as
a fundamental principle, the right of the people of
the State to alter or abolish their government—so
sure as Americans have no relish for oppression
and tyranny, and will not willingly be deprived of
their dearest privileges,—so sure, in short, as they
"know their rights, and knowing, dare maintain
them," so sure it will be done; as well for reasons
just stated, as for the additional considerations con-
tained in the last proposition, which I laid down in
my opening, and which mutually sustains, and is
sustained, by this branch of the argument, viz:
That in conflicts between the general and State
governments, as to the construction of power, there
is no common umpire but the people; that they are
the permanent tribunal and source of political pow-
er; and, though they may often delegate portions ®f
that power, must still remain the ultimate arbiter as
they were the primary fountain of all knowledge
and. of all authority.
The question is with the House. I present to its
members the only alternative. I leave it to them to
pronounce whether the constitution or the law shall
stand—whether the constitution shall he violated,
and the law' prevail, or the constitution be preserved,
and the law annulled. The prejudices of the day
will soon pass away; the passions which may have
spoken this law into heing will soon moulder in the
dust; but the construction now about to be placed
on this constitutional provision will perish only
with the instrument; the consequences of the judg-
ment about be pronounced will be coexistent with
the republic. The government established by our
fathers, though most admirable, is not perfect, and
will exist no longer than whilst a portion of its gen-
uine, original spirit—a spirit of conciliation and
compromise—a spirit careful not to exceed, and
equally careful not to relinquish its just powers—
shall continue to animate the public councils. We
may boast of our division of powers, and vainly
imagine that our privileges will be eternal; but if that
spirit has fled, the constitution will follow, and our
government, at the. very moment when it is praised
and commended all over the world, extolled as ail
exemplar—a model—thenearestapproacli of mortals
to perfect political wisdom,—must be blotted from the
roll of nations.
If these things must be, and so your judgment
in favor of the law will most emphatically assert,
that such an act should need nothing to heighten its
enormity, let it not be the work of ignoble, hands,
let it not be perpetrated by those who' are igno-
rant, of the exalted rights and unparalleled
freedom they enjoy. But let it be done by the
collected political wisdom of the land. If the
castle must be surrendered, let it be betrayed by
those who are appointed to defend it. If the edifice
of American liberty must be demolished, let the
task be committed to those to whom are intrusted its
pteservatioii. Let it be commenced in a city bear-
ing the once venerated name of Washington. Let
the members of this House tear that constitution to
tatters, and scatter its fragments to the breeze; let
the legislators of the country scale the Capitol, and
with runthless hand snatch the banner from its dome.
Having done this, let them, from their unholy ele-
vation, proclaim to an astonished world the cause of
our downfall, and true to the fiendish character
which could alone perpetrate such an act, let them
not boldly assume the responsibility, but let them
basely ascribe our ruin to the ignorance of our
fathers, in presuming it unnecessary to prohibit the
general government—the creatine—fiom the de-
struction of the States—its creators. Let them blazon
to the world the folly of those ancestors, in sup-
posing, like the ancient Roman, that they were pre-
paring a constitution for the heirs of their virtue and
their patriotism, instead of for their own degenerate
descendants. That as the Roman, judging from
the purity of his own breast, concluded that "no
