CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
Governments had the power to remove the obstruc-
tions which exist in the navigation of that river.
He did not regard this as a local question, but as
one of great national importance; and he entreat-
ed gentlemen to divest themselves of all prejudice in
relation to it.
It had been said that Congress had not the power
to act upon this subject, without a violation of the
Constitution. There were very few subjects pro-
posed in that House, in which some gentlemen
could not discover a violation of the Constitution.
There were some gentlemen, he was aware, whose
patriotism scarcely extended beyond the limits
of their own State. Seven or eight hundred thou-
sand dollars could be appropriated for a custom-
house at Boston, for adorning and embellishing the
city; and yet, when an appropriation was asked for
the construction of a harbor upon the lakes—a most
important work, in a military point of view—it was
sure to be ridden down by gentlemen harping upon
the subject of economy. Gentlemen could vote tor
extravagant appropriations, when the money was
to be expended in the section of the country
which they represented; but when appropria-
tions were asked for important public improvements
m other sections, they were all at once exceedingly
economical. He was as much in favor of economy
as any one; he was as desirous as any gentleman in
that House that the expenditures of the Govern-
ment should be diminished so far as was consistent
with a proper regard for the furtherance of all great
national works. It must be remembered that there
was a sort of economy which was, in reality, the
worst of prodigality. In relation to the motion now
presented—to refer that portion of the message rela-
ting to the improvement of Western rivers to a select
committee—he had only to say that he would give it
his hearty support.
Mr. WENT WORTH said he was willing to vote
for an appropriation for the Mississippi. Too long
had the interests of that whole section of the coun-
try been begging at the door of that House in vain.
But whilst he was willing to go with his Mississippi
friends upon the proposition to refer the subject to a
select committee, he did not understand what objec-
tion there could be to referring it to the Committee
on Commerce; for to that committee he thought it
legitimately belonged. He had confidence in that
committee, and he believed they would make a lib-
eral appropriation. The object was a national one,
and all political distinctions, as well as sectional pre-
judices, ought to give way to it.
So much having been said on the subject of repu-
diation in various parts of the country, he rejoiced
that he had been able to obtain the floor, so as to
have the opportunity of making a fitting reply to it
He, for one—all his colleagues—nay, all the people
of his State, were determined to place lier in the
condition of an interest-paying government. In the
effort to accomplish this desirable object, all politi-
cal parties and sectional feelings would be lost sight
of, and the whole people would work together. For
the union of the lakes with the Mississippi, a slight
appropriation at this session of Congress would go
a great way towards carrying on so great a work;
and he besought those who had a common object
with him, to consent to let the subject be divided,
so that the Committee on Commerce might have the
charge of the appropriations for the upper lakes;
and then, if the Mississippi river wanted appropria-
tions, why, let her have them.
Mr. SEYMOUR observed that he rose, not for
the purpose of eulogizing the West, which required
no eulogium from any quarter—for they need but
turn their eyes to the map, and look at its vast ex-
tent of territory, watered by the noblest rivers, and
surpassed by no country in the world for fertility of
soil and salubrity of clime, to pronounce that it will
be, in future times, the centre of the population of
this continent, and the granary of the world. Upon
the Congress of the United States, as wise legisla-
tors, devolved the duty of developing the vast re-
sources, not only of that country, but of the whole
Union. With these views, he must object to the
spirit in which this debate had been carried on;
and he must regret that it had partaken too
much of sectional feelkig, creating the impression
that some gentlemen supposed that no others could
have any interest in the vast projects of internal im-
provement referred to in the President's message,
but those who were located in that region of coun-
try in which these improvements were to be made.
This did not accord with his views of justice or pro-
priety. He owed to his constituents to devote his
best energies, and the most untiring zeal, to the pro-
motion of their interests and the maintenance of
their rights; but he never could sacrifice, even to
them, the duty he was called on to perform when
the interests of the whole American people were in-
volved. He was disposed to look at the whole sub-
ject of internal improvements as a national one;
and he would not inquire, when necessary appro-
priations were to be made, whether they were to be
expended on this or that side of the mountains. He
should not look to the question whether they were for
the benefit of the North or the South, the East orthe
West; but the only inquiry he should make would
be, whether they tended to the advancement of the
welfare of our common country, and whether they
came within the prescribed limits of constitutional
legislation. In reference to the phraseology of the
message upon which the resolution before the com-
mittee was founded, he supposed their attention
was directed to the rivers of the West, and particu-
larly to the great father of waters, the Mississippi—
that great artery which drains the valley beyond the
mountains. Gentlemen had spoken of the impor-
tance of the trade that passes down that river; and
he purposed, in the few remarks he should submit, to
speak of the importance of the trade which passes
up that river through the northern lakes, and finds
its way to the great emperium of the commerce of
this Union—New York. But he should speak this,
not with the view of instituting invidious compari-
1 sons—not with the view of underrating the great
interests of the West, but for the national object
which he avowed in the outset of his remarks.
It had been well remarked by one gentleman in the
course of this discussion, that there were two great
avenues to the trade of the West—two great ave-
nues through which the vast products of that region
were to be carried to the great marts of trade; one of
them being by the way of the Northern lakes, and
the other down the Mississippi. Had gentlemen
who spoke of the vast amount of commerce going
down the Mississippi, looked at the map of the
country, and seen the extent of the interests engaged
in this Northern commerce; had they looked at the
extent of the trade on these Northern lakes, and the
extent of the territory that, through this channel,
transported its products to market, they would have
hesitated before they gave the first the precedence.
The States and Territories through which this com-
merce passed were increasing in population and
wealth as rapidly as any other section of the Union;
and although nature had opened this avenue to them,
the true interests of this Republic demanded some-
thing more. The attention of this Government had
been for many years called to that avenue of trade,
but it had not, m his opinion, been considered with
that favor which its importance deserved.
He knew that appropriations had been made for
the purpose of improving the harbois and mouths
of rivers emptying themselves into the Northern
lakes; but the increasing population and trade of the
region of country bordering cm them had far out-
stripped any efforts of the Government for their im-
provement. Not only were additional improve-
ments needed there for the purposes of trade and
commerce, but there were other considerations
which should turn the attention of Congress to this
great quarter of the Union. He had just observed
that nature had opened this great avenue of trade
and commerce; but (said he) if we mean to avail
ourselves of the advantages she has placed within
our reach, we must apply the hand of art, and per-
fect what she has done. Our neighbors at the
North (the British Government of Canada) were not
sleeping on this subject. The policy of Great
Britain had always been to increase her commerce
in every part of the world, at all hazards; and it
was this policy which induced her, at different
times, to make war on every nation of Europe.
This had earned her arms into China and into the
recesses of India; and it was this policy which
caused her to watch the progress of this Republic
with a jealous eye. Though she was unable to
hold us in subjection as her colonies, she is yet
striving, by means of her policy, to extort from us
that wealth which she was unable by force to make
her own. At this very moment, for the purpose of
diverting from us this trade which was annually
pouring down the Northern lakes, Great Britain
was liberally employing her revenues in enlarging
the Welland canal, and opening another canal into
the St. Lawrence. He had not risen, as he said,
for the purpose of eulogizing the West, nor for the
purpose of eulogizing the State he had the honor to
represent; but, as some things had been said not,
perhaps detracting from t]ic claims of the latter, but
calculated, in his opinion, to'produce injurious im-
pressions—it become him to make a few remarks on
that part of the subject. We have been told, said
he, that the improvements of the navigation of the
Hudson had Deen for years as a dead weight
on the appropriation for the Western waters.
As a New Yorker, he could not hear such language
used, without referring gentleman to the enlighten-
ed course of policy his State had pursued in refer-
ence to internal improvements. She it was—and he
spoke it not in the way of boasting, but in the lan-
guage of sober truth, who did what, the national
Government never would have done for the pur-
pose of securing, not only to her own citizens, but
to those of the whole Union, the trade and com-
merce of the great,Western valley. Did gentle-
men reflect, when they spoke of the Hudson hang-
ing as a dead wight on the appropriations for the
West, that, years ago, when New York was
feeble in resources, she, in her feebleness, when
doubts of the feasibility of the plan she pro-
jected- were continually thrown out to dispirit her,
and when Congress, too, refused its aid, commenced
and completed that great work, the Erie canal, which
connects the great emporium of the nation with
the Northern lakes? Ay, she asked aid from Con-
gress to enable her to carry on that great work,
and it was refused her. Nay, more; she was
told, undoubtedly by men who believed what
they said, that the project was worthy only of
the heated imaginations of enthusiasts. But
she had men of spirit in her councils, who
would not quail under these difficulties; and she
went on and constructed that noble work, which he
might say, without airogance, had given the first
spring to that system of internal improvements
which was now spreading over the whole country.
When his friend from Ohio remarked that aid was
sought for the navigation of the Hudson river, hav-
ing a navigation of only one hundred miles, he
trusted he had forgotten that this same Erie canal of
four hundred miles connected it with the Northern
lakes, and became the chain of communication be-
tween New York and the great West. And fur-
ther, he woud add, that when that canal was en-
larged to the dimensions to which the State was
pledged to enlarge it, it would form the most splen-
did line of international communication to be found
in the world. Then the same craft that navigates
the lakes may navigate the caml and the Hudson
river; and the very ships that sail from Chicago
may continue their uninterrupted voyage till they
reach the harbor of New York.
He was not disposed to complain of the course
which the Federal Government had heretofore pur-
sued in reference to internal impro\ ements. lie
wished to make no invidious comparisons; but it
should be recollectcd that, for the period of ten years
during which these works have been suspended,
the city of New York, the great, emporium of the
commerce of the country, which'depended princi-
pally on this great artery of trade for its supplies,
had paid into the national treasury more than one-
half of the revenues which have been collected from
the customs. Ay, sir, (said Mr. S.,) in this period
more than one hundred millions of dollars have been
collected in that port, and paid into your treasury;
while Congress has only appropriated thirty-two
thousand dollars for the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Hudson.
He said he would not, at this time, go into the de-
tailed statement on this subject, with which he was
prepared, but intimated that he should do so at a
proper time. He, however, made some statement
of the tonage on the Hudson—the number of ves-
sels, and the amount of commerce which floats upon
it—to show the importance of this river to the in-
terests of the country. In conclusion, he suggested
that the resolution should be made more definite,
so that the committee to which it might be sent
mi^ht know what the House understood by the
term "Western rivers;"and he also contended that the
standing Committee on Cmnmerce was the appro-
priate committee to which it should go.
Mr. BARNARD and Mr. RATHBUN rose
almost simultaneously to address the committee;
but the chairman gave the floor to the former gen-
tleman. Objections were, however, made to his
proceeding, on the ground that he had already
spoken on this question.
After some conversation, in which Mr. RA1H-
BUN, Mr. BARNARD, Mr. STETSON, Mr.
JAMESON, and others, took part, the decision of
the Chan-was acquiesced in.
Mr. BARNARD said he was opposed to tho
