138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. JV orris.
H. of Reps.
plenary and complete under the second section, yet
it was deemed important, lest the State legislatures,
fiom inadvertence or some other cause, should fail
to exercise the power—and especially in the first in-
stance, when they must exercise it, or the govern-
ment fail to'go into operation,—that this duty should
be enjoined upon them in a direct and mandatory
manner; not only so, but it was deemed important
that provision should be made, if the State legisla-
tures, after the government should have been organ-
ized, should fail to exercise this power, or should
exercise it in an improper manner, that it should be
exercised ultimately, and in a supervisory manner,
by the general government. Yes, (said Mr. N.,) it
was possible that this government might be brought
to a stand, or the rights of the people under the sec-
ond section violated; therefore this additional safe-
guard. If the State legislatures refused to exercise
uieir power; if they should be refractory; if they
should be unable to make the necessary regulations;
or if they should pervert the use of this power so as to
violate or abridge the rights of the people, then Con-
gress had the right to interfere, and remedy the evil.
Thus the existence of the general government
would be rendered more safe, and the people pro-
tected in their rights. The State legislatures and
Congress were made the constitutional agents in
this matter. For what purpose? Surely not to
abridge or take away the free exercise of any right,
or to frustrate the performance of any duty per-
taining to the people of the several States in electing
members to this House. No; but, on the contra-
ry, to furnish the necessary and proper regulations
by which the people of the States could, at all times,
fully and freely exercise that right, and discharge
that important and vital duty.
Upon the ratification of the constitution, the in-
junction in the fourth section to prescribe the times,
places, and manner of holding elections for mem-
bers to this House, became imperative and bind-
ing upon the legislatures of the States adopting it;
which injunction they were not at liberty to diso-
bey. Regulations for holding these elections were
indispensable, growing out of the peculiar organiza-
tion of this government. They pertained ' to the
people of the several States included within the
Union, as a matter of the most sacred, the most vi-
tal constitutional right, of which they could not be
deprived. When such regulations, had once been
provided, the right to their use and enjoyment be-
came so far vested and indefeasible in the people of
the States, that they could not be taken from them
under the pretext of prescribing the times, places, or
manner of holding election# without the substitu-
tion of other regulations by winch the people could
make the elections. It seemed to hun (said Mr. N.)
that no person at all acquainted with the theory of
this government would contend, for a single mo-
ment, that the powers conferred under the fourth
.sec.Lion, primarily upon the State legislatures, and
ultimately upon Congress, could be legitimately ex-
ercised in such a manner js to defeat the end pro-
posed—to deprive the people of the several States of
the right of electing members to this House. Such
an exercise of power would be a manifest perver-
sion of the authority conferred; and all such arts
would not only be of no validity, but a grossly neg-
ligent or wilful misuse of such authority. He be-
lieved he was right in this, and that this was the
only true, legal, and constitutional exposition of the
matter.
Well, then, (said Mr. N.) the proposition laid
down as applicable to the case before the House
was, that, it being a constitutional duty enjoined up-
on the State legislatures to provide, these regulations
for the people of their respective States, to which
they had a constitutional right, it was not within
the competent jurisdiction of Congress, nor even of
the State legislatures themselves, undr-r the flimsy pre-
text of regulating the manner of holding elections,
to enact any law to take away, abrogate, or render
inoperative, those regulations with which they had
been furnished, without substituting others. This
proposition (he, said) was impregnable; it sprung
out of the peculiar organization of our republican
forms of government. If this were not so, then the
existence of this government depended upon the
will of a dominant party or faction within the walls
of this Capitol. Not only so, but every State gov-
ernment in this Union held its existence by the mere
forbearance of a majority in their respective State
legislatures; for they would have nothing to do but
to alter the regulations prescribing the manner of
holding the elections in the State so as to render it
impossible for the people to elect by the rule pre-
scribing such alteration, and the work was done—the
government dissolved. That he might be correctly
understood, he would illustrate this position. The
constitution of his own State (New Hampshire)
vests in the people of that State the right to elect by
districts, every year, five councillors and twelve
senators. The constitution enjoins it upon the State
legislature to divide the State into five districts for
the choice of the former, and into twelve districts for
the choice of the latter. The legislature had per-
formed this duty; and the people of that State had
enjoyed their constitutional right of electing their
councillors and senators to this day. But (to put
this case in its strongest light) suppose the last le-
gislature of that State had passed an act for an abso-
lute repeal of the laws districting the State for the
choice of councillors and senators: would such an
act be of any validity? Surely not. It would be not
only a constitutional right, but a constitutional duty,
for the people to elect their councillors and senators
agreeably to the laws as they existed before the at-
tempted repeal; otherwise the government of the
people would be dissolved by the unconstitutional
act of a corrupt and treacherous legislature. He
would suppose another case for illustration, which
was parallel, and directly applicable to the case now
before the House. Suppose the present Congress
should pass an act prescribing that, in every case
where a State was entitled to more than one repre-
sentative, that such State should elect by double dis-
tricts; and if there should be an odd number, that
that odd number should be elected by a single dis-
trict; and that the State legislatures should refuse to
district their respective Slates according to the rule
prescribed, and should elect members to this House
m the next Congress, according to the regulations
now established in the several States: I ask (said
Mr. N.) would this government be at an rml - would
this Union be dissolved.-1 or, would the members thus
elected constitute a legal and constitutional House?
Most certainly the latter would be true. The peo-
ple would liaie made the election agreeably to the
only regulations by which it was possible for them
to do it; regulations which, he contended, were con-
stitutionally and indefensibly theirs for that purpose,
until others were prescribed, by which they could
exercise their constitutional rights. But, according
to the dortnne of the federal party—'"the law and
order party'1—upon this floor, with one or two hon-
orable exceptions, this government would be at ail
end; the Union—ves, this glorious Unarm—dissolved.
Upon this which covered the whole case be-
fore the House, he (Mr. N.) invoked the judgment
of ilie ultimate iribunal to which gentlemen upon the
other side had so often alluded—the people ihem-
sfh ex.
Ai>ain* lie would assume another position, h
was tins- that the act of Congress in question wa-s
unconstitutional and void, because it was completely
subversive of the intent and design of the fourth sec-
tion of the fust ai title of the constitution, under
which the power was claimed for Congress to pass
it. He had just given what he considered to te a
true exposition of that section. Gentlemen on the
other v:ide contended that its construction was plain;
that it could not he misunderstood: gentlemen on his
(Air. N.'s) side of the question said the same. But
the conclusions at u Inch they arrived were different
and opposite.
Where, then, were they to go to find a true expo-
sition of tins constitutional question* He would
refer to an authority which lie thought would have
some, weight in tlus House, and which would be
found m }G Peters, 540, m the case of Prigg vs. the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The Supreme
Court of the United States say
"It will pjobabiy he CmiwI. wh^n we Ior>k to the character of
the coiiMuuooil oi (he S-ate> iiaoif, the objects v.h ch it.
s<_eks* (« r.'M'n. iht  powen which H con.t-ithe duties which
it, eij 'in?, dnd the narits wh'ch it secuies—as well as to the
known hi-'oura! tdCf, U;at many of us provisions were mat-
trra of coinpronHse <>} opposing interests and opinions—that
rioumlorm rule ol mtei pietauori can be applied, which may
not allow, if ntio not positively i>m.m<i, rn.my modifications
in I's aotva! application to particular oldu^es. Perhaps t/^e
safest i tcf* of mteipretutioafitr ail, will be lound To look tt 
[he naiuie and ob|rc/^ of th« particular powers, duties, and
rights, with <dl the rghts and a.os ol ccm:emporaiy history;
a-.d to give t^e wort's of each past such operation «U'd foice
confident w i h the'r legitimate meaning, as may fairly secure
and ittaiu the und piopot-ed."
Well, then, he would resort to contemporary his-
tory to fortify the exposition which he had before
given of the fourth section, and to establish the
proposition which he had last assumed. What
were "the nature and objects of the particular pow-
ers, duties, and rights" conferred upon Congress un-
der this section, as explained "with all the lights
and aids of contemporary history?" He might, if
the brief hour allotted to him would permit, quote
the expositions given of this section by Nicholas,
Madison, Davy, Wilson, Strong, and Hamilton,
who were all members of the convention that framed
the constitution. But he would forbear, as these ex-
positions had been summed up in the language of a
learned judge, whose very high authority the other
side of this House would not fail to acknowledge.
He referred to Mr. Justice Story. To what conclu-
sion did that learned judge come, after having ex-
amined and commented upon all the contemporary-
history touching the powers conferred upon Con-
gress to regulate the times, places, and manner of
holding elections? He had drawn up his conclu-
sions m the following summary:
"1. The objections, then, to the provision, are not ?ound and
tenable. The reason? in its favor are, on the other hand, of
f reai force and importance. In the first place, the power may
he applied by Congrtss to correct any negligence m a State, in
regard to flections, as well as to prevent a dissolution of the go v.
canrm-nt, by designing ind refractory State?, utged on by some
temporary excitements.
u2 In the next [►lace, it will operate as a check in favor of
the people against any designs of a federal Senate and their con-
stituent^ to'depnve the people of a State of their right to
choose representatives
l,3. In the next place, it provides a remedy for the evil, if ary
Siatc, by leason of invasion, or other cause, cannot have it m
us power to appoint a place where the citizens can safely meet
to choose representatives.
''4. In the last place, as the plan is but an experiment, u may
hereafter become important, with a view to the regular opera-
tions of the general government, that there should be 9 uni-
formity in the time and manner of electing representatives and
senators, so as to prevent vacancies when there may be eails
for pxtraordmary sessions of Congress. If such a time
should occur, or such a uniformity be lierenfier desirable, Con-
gress is the only body possessing the means to produce it '—
Sto'j/i t. 2. p. 290-
'Now, the position which he (Mr. N.) assumed
was, that this act of Congress was wholly inopera-
tive and void; because, if valid to the extent con-
tended for by its advocates here, it would, by its
own operation and force, deprive the people of four
sovereign States of this Union of their right of rep-
resentation in this House. The passage of an act
by Congress producing such results and conse-
quences was a complete subversion of "the nature
and objects of the particular powers, duties, and
rights, conferred upon them in the fourth section, as
explained with all the lights and aids of contempo-
rary history." It would be perceived that "the na-
ture and objects of the particular powers" conferred
upon Congress by this section in the constitution,
as thus explained by these "lights? and aids," were,
in every instance, without a solitary exception, to
secure to the people of the several' States, at all
times, and in every emergency, the high privilege
and constitutional right of representation. To pre-
vent the annihilation or abridgment of that privilege
and right, constituted the duty imposed. It appear-
ed to him, then, (Mr. N. said,) to be as clearly de-
monstrated as any problem in mathematics, that the
law- now under discussion, disfranchising (as it did,
if valid) the people of four States, instead of being
authorized by any power conferred upon Congress
under the fourth section, was a complete, subversion
of its intent and design. The contemporary history
to which he had referred the, House clearly showed
the intent and design of that section in the constitu-
tion to have been, to enable. Congress to remedy the
very evil—to avoid the very exigency—togusid
against the very difficulty—presented in the ease
now before the House, if that law be of any valid-
ity. It never was designed, nor had Congress the
constitutional right, to pass laws, under the pretence
of regulating the manner of holding elections which
would produce such an emergency; but their sole
duty in this matter was to provide a" remedy against
such a state of things, and so preserve the rights and
privileges of the people. He (Mr. N.) 'said he
would not dwell longer upon a proposition so plain.
There was one thing, however, in connexion with
it, to which he desired to call the attention of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. C/vmpbet.i.,]
and other gentlemen here, who were members of the
last Congress, and advocates of the constitutionality
and validity of this law. In a speech made in this
hall, July 6, 1842, by the honorable gentleman from
South Carolina, was the following passage: "Mr. C.
then referred to the intelligence that had bepn re-
ceived, that each branch of the legislature of New
Hampsire—which he complimented as one of the
most patriotic States in the Union—had adopted
resolutions expressive of a determination not to dis-
trict her territory." As long ago, then, as July,
1842, and during the first regular session of the 27th
Congress, and while the reasons of the President for
