Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Jforris.
H. of Reps.
approving this very law were under consideration
in this hall, that gentleman knew, and promulgated
the fact to Congress and the country, that the legis-
lature of New Hampshire had solemnly declared its
c'determination not to district her territory." The
last Congress, then, was, by the showing of that
gentleman himself, seasonably notified of what the
legislature of that State would do; or rather of what
it would not do, in this matter. That Congress
(said Mr. N.) had just passed an act which, if con-
stitutional and binding upon the people of the seve-
ral States, would (without further legislation, either
by Congress or the State legislature, so as to render
its performance practicable on the part of the people)
disfranchise and cut off the people of that State from
a representation in this House. Under such cir-
cumstances, he would osk tlie gentleman from South
Carolina—he would ask gentlemen upon the other
side of this House, ivholiad signed the "forma! and
solemn protest"—who had been members of the last
Congress, and who had been then sworn before high
Heaven to support the constitution, what was their
duty? Why, the answer is plainly and forcibly
given in the exposition of "the nature and objects of
the particular powers and duties" conferred upon
Congress under the fourth section, to which he had
already referred the House. Suppose this act of
Congress did impose a constitutional obligation
upon the State legislatures to assemble and enact
regulations agreeably to the rule therein prescribed:
yet the legislature of New Hampshire had declared
to Congress, in the most solemn manner, that for
constitutional reasons they could and would do no
such thing. Here, then, was a refractory State.
The people of a State were about to be deprived
of their high right of representation, by the sole
operation of an act of that very Congress, unless a
remedy were provided. What, then, (Mr. N. re-
peated,) under such circumstances, was the duty of
the dominant party in the lafit Congress, which
passed this act? Why, it was to have provided,
without delay, regulations, enabl ino- the people of
that State to choose representatives to occupy seats
oil this floor. Had they done that duty? No: on
the contrary, having brought about by their own
legislation—legislation, he repeated, subversive of
the design and intent of the constitution; the very
state of things, the veiy mis and difficulties which
they, by the constitution, were enjoined to guard
Hgain-ft and pre vent, they had throw n themselves
coolly and unconcernedly back in their arm-chairs
here, and obstinately refuse, during two sessions
of Congress, to provide a remedy securing to the
people of that State, the right of representation, of
which a law of that Congress was about to deprive
them. And pow (said Mr. N.) to cap the climax,
and to manifest the omnipotent and absorbing
powers claimed for this government, the State le-
gislature was to be "licked" into servile obedience to
what it believes to be unconstitutional assumption
of power on the part of Congress, by a disfran-
chisement of the people.
Mr. N. said he would here leave this matter, for
gentlemen to reconcile, it to their consciences, their
country, and their God. lie said he was happy
to find himself agreeing on one point, at least,
with gentlemen on the other side. They had as-
sumed the. proposition,both in their report and then-
remarks on that floor, that "this second section of
the last apportionment act was to be considered
precisely as though it had been passed by all the
State legislatures themselves." Again, that report
■=wys: "Any alteration it (Congress) may make of
the State laws, has the identical effect it would have,
if made by the State legislatures." Now, so far as
the constitutional powers of Congress extended to
change or alter State laws, that was undoubtedly
true. This law of Congress under consideration,
then, was to have the identical effect upon the peo-
ple of New Hampshire it would have if it had
been passed by the legislature of that State.
To this (Mr. IS', said) he agreed. But the minor-
ity report then proceeded to draw the conclusion
from the premises thus assumed as follows:
''The State ot New Hampshire elects by general ticket.
Were her legislatnie, at its next session, to puts a law witri ihe
single provision that, for the future, h^r elections' ot representa-
tives should be by districts, each district elecat g but one repre-
sentative; such a law wonld unquestionably alter, repeal,
her general tick*et|3ystem, although it omitted, whether !iom
tciljulnestt, or inadvertence, to constitute the proper dtstruts.
An election by general ticket would be against her existing
law; and she would continue without, leprrs.-ntatives in Con-
gress, until her legislature shon'd again convene and remedy us
defrrtive legislation "
He (Mr. N.) said he denied this conclusion al-
together. He denied it because such a construc-
tion of such an act of the legislature would be di-
rectly at war with the peculiar organization and
vital principles of our republican form of govern-
ment, as he had already attempted to show: he de-
nied it because such a conclusion, from such prem-
ises, would be a complete subversion of every
principle of legal construction. He said, if he main-
tained successfully his side of this issue—that such
a conclusion would be subversive of every principle
of legal construction—then it necessarily followed
that the members from the four States had been le-
gally and constitutionally elected. Suppose, then,
the legislature of New Hampshire had passed an
act prescribing that the representatives from that
State should be elected by single districts, and had
stopped there, without making any districts or en-
acting any clause expressly repealing the existing
regulations upon the subjcct of the' election: this
would be a law, if it had any operative force, pre-
scribing to the people of that State a rule of action
to be pursued by them in electing members to this
House. But could it possibly be performed? Could
the people, by any possibility, elect their representa-
tives m conformity to it? Clearly not; because no
districts would exist within the State bv which such
an election could be made. This is incontrovertible.
Now (said Mr. N.) apply that well-established and
fundamental principle of law—and he would add, of
common sense, too—quoted by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Newton] when speaking
upon the opposite side of this question, but upon a
different point. The law, as read by that gentle-
man, was laid down by every elementary writer
upon the construction of statute law. It was this:
y'Acts of Parliament that uro impossible to be ptrformtd
are of 710 validity; arid if theie *r!se out ol ihem. collaterally,
any absurd consequences, manifestly contr.nhctoiy to common
Kason, ihey aie, with lesaid 10 those cotlateialtoxst
void''
The law in question, then, being impossible to be
performed, it was of 110 validity; it could repeal no
existing laws upon the same subject. Thi« conclu-
sion, he said, was inevitable upon ever} principle
of law and common sense. This principle of con-
struction was too firmly established to be now shaken
by any sophistry which ingenuity could device.
Indeed, whoever heard it gravely contended, till now,
even in the most tyrannical and dr^poticgovernment
under heaven, that a law which was impracticable,
which could not be performed, was of any \ahdity}
The avowal of such absurd and despoil.- ilnctiine
had been left to this age of fruitful unention; yes, it
had been left 10 gentlemen upon the floor of the
American House of "Representatives, first to discover
and promulgate this new principle by which the
people offour of the sovereign States of this confed-
eracy were to be disfranchised, and thrust out of the
Union for not executing an act of Congress, which
they could not execute. Mr. IN. said, the conclusions
which gentlemen upon the other side drew from
the premises, reminded him very much of the ancient
Roman despot who posted bis imperial edicts upon
pillars so high that they could not be read, and then
inflicted the most sanguinary punishments upon the
people for disobeymo them. But he would now
take a different view of the subject, and ask gentle-
men what was the true legal construction of this act
of Congress' Would they attempt to maintain that
it was complete in itself, and that it required no ac-
tion of the State legislatures to perfect it, and make
it practicable? No one had had the hardihood to
assume such a position. It was admitted on ail
hands, that without fuither legislation, either on the
part of the State legislatures or of Congirss, that it
was impossible for the people of the States to elect
representatives in confoimity with the rule pi escribed
m the act. But here arose the disagreement be-
tween gentlemen and himsrlf. They attempted to
maintain, that this act of Congress, 111 its inchoate
and impracticable state, repealed the State regula-
tions upon the subject of elections. He (Mi\ N.)
maintained that it produced no such effect, but that
the very reverse was the only legal and constitution-
al construction. He said he was here again supported
by the universally acknowledged principles of the
law upon the construction of statutes. Did the act
of Congress, then, prescribing that members to this
House should be elected by single districts, without
defining such districts, repeal, by its own operation,
the State regulations? Mr. N. said he believed there
was but one answer which could be given to this
question, based upon tenable grounds; and that was,
that it did not. And why? Because a different con-
struction would involve the most absurd and "un-
reasonable consequences." The law, as laid down by
the elementary writers, in addition to that already
read, was: "It will not be presumed that any construc-
tion can be agreeable to the intention qf tht legislature,
the consequences of which are unreasonableSitting
here, then, as a court of constitutional judges, to
give a construction to a statute involving such grave
consequences, what was their duty? The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Belser] had invoked the ashes
of Chief Justice Marshall, and asked the House
what that able judge would have said in such a case?
Why, (said Mr. N.,J he would tell the gentleman
from Alabama what, in his opinion, that learned
jurist would have said—and what this House was
legally bound to say—that there was applicable to
the case the plainest, and one of the best settled
principles of law, and which was of universal appli-
cation, that no construction was intended which
would lead to unreasonable consequences. Apply
that principle to the case before the House. The
act of Congress prescribing the rule by which elec-
tions should be held in the several States, being in-
choate merely, and incomplete, impossibleto be per-
formed by the people of the States, whose action it
was designed to govern in making the elections, it
was to "be presumed" that Congress intended, as he
had no doubt they did intend, that it should be com-
pleted, and made practicable to be performed by the
people, by the State legislatures, or, upon their re-
fusal, by Congress. Until such further legislation was
had, the law did not, by legal rule of construction,
repeal the existing laws upon the same subject. And
why? Because a different construction must involve
the most disastrous and unreasonable results; for,
he repeated, the act of Congress standing alone, if
valid to the extent gentlemen had contended, would
deprne the people of four States of their constitu-
tional right of representation; and if the legislatures
of all the States had refused to conform to it, it
would, by the same reasoning, deprive the people
of all the States of that right. It was not intended
that it should operate any such unreasonable conse-
quence; and (said Mr. N.) he now summoned gen-
tlemen upon the other side of this hall to come be-
fore that ultimate tribunal to which they had so of-
ten referred—the people themselves—and answer
whether they intended that this act—passed under
the pretext, of regulating the manner of elections—
should, by its own operation, disfranchise the peo-
ple of the several States, and dissolve this Union, if
the legislatures of the States should refuse to obey
the imperial edict. He called upon them to meet
tins issue befoir that august tribunal.
Again, (said Mr N.,) he happened to be one of
those who believed that Congress did not possess the
power, even by its own direct legislation, to district
the States for the choice of members to this House.
If Congress possessed such authority, it must be
under that branch of the fourth section of the first
article of the constitution which conferred the right
to make or alter the regulations prescribing the
"manner of holding elections for senators and repre-
sentatives." lie had already shown that the State
legislatures and Congress weie made constitutional
agents by that section; and that the powers of this
agency, to be, legitimately exercised, must be ex-
orcised beneficially, and not in derogation of any of
the rights delegated to, and vested in, the people of
the several States, under the second section of the
same article of the constitution. This position, he
believed, could not be successfully controverted.
The simple inquiry, then, was, would a law of Con-
gress dividing the States into districts be m deroga-
tion of any of those rights5 The first clause of the
second section provides that "the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be composed of members chosen
every second year by the people of the several States;
and the electors in each Suite shall have the qualifi-
cations requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State legislature." The people of a
State here means the State in its highest political and
sovereign capacity—the body politic, which is the
source of ail power within its territorial limits. This
very section of the constitution fully established that
exposition. If the clause he had just quoted had de-
clared that the House of Representatnes should be
composed of members chosen e\ery second year by
the sevei-al States, and that the electors in cach State
should have the qualifications requisite for electors
of the most numerous branch of the State legisla-
ture, the electors of the members to this House
would have been the same as they now were, and
the same rights would have been vested m the people
of the several States as were now vested in them.
But if further proof be needed to establish that posi-
tion, it was to be had in the same section. After
