Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
people of that State, at the next presidential election, should
give fifty thousand majority for the democratic candidate, yet u
there should be no election of the President by the people, the
vote of that State would be given in this House to the federal
candidate. This system, which thus enabled minorities to con-
trol and override majorities, had been again and again dignified
in this debate as the only true democratic system
It had been frequently said, on the other side of the House,
during the present discussion, that this should not be made a
party quea-ion. If (said Mr. N ) it had been made a party
question, who was answerable for making it such? Who came
into that House, on the first day of the session, with a labored
protest, declaring, in what they were pleased to call a solemn
and formal manner,* that '•several persona"—ay, (said Mr.
N,) persons whom the people of four of the sovereign States
ofih'SUnion had elected, commissioned, and sent here, as their
repre6entauves-by taking part in the organization of this
House, had been guilty of a ^proceeding lawless, essentially
revolutionary in its character, subversive of the constitu-
tion and all law and order, and tending direvtly to the de-
struction of out free form of government;— nay, more; that
these lawless persons—these revolutionists—these subvertere
of the constitution and all law and order—these destruction-
ists of free government, hcd, to caj the climax of their iniquity,
been guilty of perpetrating i{a legal fraud" upon the nation.
Why, (said Mr. N.) the gentlemen who preferred t%se high-
toned charges composed the universal whig party then, in this
hall, with one honorable exception. [Mr. chappell ] It would
'seem, to persons ofordinarysagacny,tha; these denunciations
were sufficiently broad in their tetms, and sufficiently indica-
tive of parly. Notso, in the opinion of gentlemen on the other
side. The magic eff. ct which a single icord might give to the
political cauldron was notto he disregarded; and sothe gen-
tleman from New Yoik, [iMr.barnaud J on the second day of
the session, took occasion to superadd the chaige of nullifica-
tion, not &g&msl the people of four States merely, but he
Charges the majority hereofpiiing oneactof nullification upon
another. The House was now asked by these gentlemen not
to make this apar/y question. He would tell the gemlemm
from New York, and others who had echoed the gentleman's
denunciation about this hall, that the ghost of nullification,
which they had conjuied up for this occasion, and which ap
peared so terrific to their hallucinated vision, was, neverthe-
less, an honest gho~sf, which he confidently believed would
never down at their bidding.
Did not the repoit of the minority of the coirmittee manifest
any party lectins'? He would notice but one among the numer-
ous instances. That report says:
''Pennsylvania being the sacond largest State in the Union,
has twenty-four representatives; New Hampshire, bew<r one of
the smallest, has but four. The rule that prevails in Pennsyl-
vania, has divided, < r nearly divided, hftriepresentatiou polu
ically; while that lol New Hampshire has elected hei entire
delegation ofihesameparty The con&equenceis, that on near-
ly all the great political questions which divide the people of
this nation, New Hampbhne, probably, has four times—cer-
tainly two fold—as much poxcei in the present House, as Penn-
sylvania "
Here (said Mr. N.) gentlemen had bold'y avowed their object
in sustaining this act of Conn ess, to he (or political w\6 ]nirty
purposes. The political influence of New Hdmpohne, with
hut four out of two l.undted and twenty three representatives
upon this floor, had become a subject of d#>ep alaim; so much
so, that it mustbe neutralized or changcd, by compelling her
to district her territory for the choice oi members to thisliouse
And yet this must not be made a party question. Fie would
tell gentlemen not to flatter themselves with the belief that the
political influence of New Hampshire would eitlur be neutral-
ized or chaused, should he: legislature district her territory
No; she would present to this House and to the nation the same
united and unbroken front.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Grider] had seen fit to
question the patriotism of th<> people of the four ''recusant"
• btatee. Mr. N. said he thanked Cod that the chaiacter of the
people of New Hampshire (or patriotism was established long
before that gentleman's day. The d^ede of her revolutionary
heroes, patriots, and :>tate^men, in ihe cause of human lights
and freedom, occupied too conspicuous a [dace on the page of
histoiy, they had been foo fully registered m the archives of
this nation, to experience the. IfM.^t detraction by that gentle-
man's insinuated doubt? The battle fiUds of the last war,
on our northern frontier, had been ennched whh the
patriotic blood of her indomitable yeomanry; arid he
would now warn sentlernen that the lion-hearted
yeomanry of that little State would ever be ready to defend
themselves against the enemies of their rights, whether they
came ir. the shape of amnes and fleets from abroad, or in the
shape of acts disfranchising them of their constitutional rights
at home. There was not (said Mr. N.)a more brave, patriotic,
honest, and intelligent people on the face,of the earth, than the
people of New Hampshire; and he believed the same might be
said of the people of the other three States. Ves; the people
of New Hampshire placed as hisch an estimate upon the value
of the Union as the people of any other State: and while they
would scrupulously refrain frO'ii any attempt to abridge or an-
nul the constitu'ionat exercise of any power vested in the gen-
eral government by the compact uf union, they would, ori the
other hand, at all times, fearlessly resist, to the extent of their
ability, eveiy encroachment upon rights delegated or reserved
to the States or the people To the iftaimendnco of these rights,
•without abridgment, th^y v/ott'd c'ing, a^ the only anchoi suf-
ficiently sure and steadfast tn «ave them from the centralizing
whirlpool of consolidation Trtey never would consent to &u
calmly by and fee those fltau* which had been mo&t beautiful-
ly des rihfHia^l-m "ma^v pilteis" upon tvlnch the grand su-
yieistsnctureof this confederated government rested, reft oi their
strength and beauty, and finally *.tnck< n down by the strong
arm of the/edcra) government. No—never.
SPEECH OF MR. McDUFFIE,
of south carolina,
In the Senate, Janvary 29, 1844—On the resolution of
the Committee on finance to postpone indefinitely
• the bill introduced by him for the reduction of the
present tariff to the standard oi the compromise
act, and in reply to Mr. Evans.
Mr, President; In rising to address the Senate
a second time, on this great question, 1 assure you,
sir, with the utmost sincerity, that no consideration
but its acknowledged magnitude, and the deep in-
terest which a large portion of the people of the
United States feel that they have in its decision,
together with my own profound sense of my
responsibility to my immediate constituents, could
have induced me to commit this additional trespass
oil your patience. I the more regret the necessity
which is thus imposed upon me, from the considera-
tion alluded to by the Senator from Maine—that, as
truth is eternal, the same principles are involved m
this question now, that were twenty years ago; and
it is consequently impossible for any mind, how-
ever gifted, to present new arguments on a subject
which has been so long and so lepeatedly discussed
in both branches of Congress. 1 feel sensibly the
embarrassment growing out of this state of the
question, as I can scarcely use an argument which I
have not long ago advanced in the other House,
and elsewhere; and I have a feeling of repugnance
to repeating my own arguments, inferior only to
that which 1 feel to repeating the arguments of other
men.
Satisfied, then, that much of what I have to say
will fall upon the ear of the Senate like "a tin ice
told tale, vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man,"
I shall use as much brevity m answering the argu-
ments of the senator from Maine as may be con-
sistent with a perspicuous exposition of the abstruse
and complicated matters to which they relate.
That senator, in the course of his remarks, called
to the view of the Senate, and particularly to my
own, the very great discovery made in the process
of scientific investigation, by a great philosopher of
England, who flourished at the close of the 16th,
and beginning of the 17th centuries; and this great
reform m the modes of reasoning, which had pie-
vailed, seemed to be held up to me, as if to admonish
me that I had violated its rules. Now, 1 confess, sir,
I felt quite refreshed, when I heard the senator in-
voke this high authority as the guide of our delib-
erations on this important subject; since I could no
but regard it as an assurance that he would himself
at least furnish us with a specimen of the inductive
proccss of reasoning, in his own argument. How
far he lias fulfilled that assurance, the Senate will
perceive, when I come to analyze that argument. As
lie did not, however, explain to us what were the
principles of philosophical reasoning disclosed by
Lord Bacon, I shall attempt veiy briefly to supply
the omission.
The system of inductive reasoning, in place of
the mere jargon of verbal syllogisms, to which the
logic of Aristotle had been reduced by the school-
men, proceeds by a careful and extended course of
experiments, conducted through a long series, and
in every variety of circumstances, to establish cer-
tain great and fundamental laws, applicable to all the
departments of human knowledge, which are confi-
dently assumed alterwards by all who have occa-
sion to investigate questions as they nitty arise in
any of these great bi .inches of science or of art.
And, since the days of the illustrious author of this
system of reasoning, its principles have been prac-
tically apnlied to the establishment of systems in
natural philosophy, astronomy, chemistry, politics,
and, what is more to the point, in the great science
of political economy, which we are now discussing.
And these systems, which are nothing more than a
combination of well-established principles, are cor-
rectly denominated—however disagreeable the name
or the thing may be to the senator—philosophical
theories. And, notwithstanding the contempt in
which he seems to hold these theories, let me tell
him that we are indebted to them for all the ad-
vances that have been made, in modern times in
those branches of useful knowledge which have
contributed, and are yet destined to contribute .so
largely to the happiness of the human race. And
here, sir, I must take leave to state—what the sena-
tor had foi gotten, or found it convenient to omit-
that one of the most successful of tile attempts to a} -
ply the inductive piocess of reasoning to the practical
affairs of life, was made by a distinguished philoso-
pher of Scotland about one hundred and fifty years
after the time of Lord Bacon, who, in a work which
is destined to live as long as the '-Wooum Organum"
itself, established upon the immutable foundation of
experimental induction, his "theory" of the "Wealth
of Kations." And I now venture to affirm, that al~
though, in the sixty years that have elapsed since
the time of Adam "Smith, numerous philosophers,
not only in England, but in the United States and in
all the commercial nations in Europe, have given to
the world the result of their labors and researches
on a question so vitally affecting the rights and in-
terests of mankind, not one is to be found—except,
perhaps, the authors of a few cotemporary pam-
phlets that fell dead from the press—who has not
confirmed, with slight and immaterial modifications,
the great principles of political cconomy laid down
in "the Wealth"of Nations."
Permit me, sir, to present to the Senate a few of
those simple and almost self-evident principles,
drawn from the common experience of mankind in
their daily pursuits, from which this philosopher
gradually ascended to the higher and less obvious
doctrines of his beautiful and comprehensive sy3tem
of promoting the development of national wealth.
The fundamental principle of this theory is, that
labor is at once the only source and the true mea-
sure of all those values which constitute individual
or national wealth. This, sir, is a great truth, ob-
vious, in a limited sphere, to the common sense of
mankind; but which had never before received so
extended an application, or given rise to such im-
portant results." And I thank God that it is so; for
I have always regarded the sentence by which he
doomed fallen man to eat bread by the sweat of his
brow, as in fact a mercy, though pronounced in
wrath. Labor, then, is the source and the measure
of wealth. This truth thoroughly realized in all
its bearings, shows the impotence and folly of all
those acts of legerdemain and contrivances of legis-
lation, by which mankind have been deluded, and
oppressed, and impoverished, from the days of the al-
chemists who proposed to convert all metals into
gold, to those of the restrictionists, who now, and
here, sir, gravely propose to fetter the arm of la-
bor, in order to render it more productive!
And I could not but be struck with it at the time,
as a singular coincidence, that, in juxtaposition
with his commendation of Lord Bacon's system of
reasoning, the senator should have laid it down as
his own theory, that the true mode of relieving the
poor was not by the homely and common-sense pro-
cess of reducing their taxes—for that, he said, would
be "indiscriminate charity"—but by the more com-
pendious process of "abolishing poverty." Now,
sir, 1 must be excused for saying that this looks
very much like legislative conjuration—an art cer-
tainly not derived from the "..Ybtmm Orzcmum" of
Francis Bacon, but rather from the crucible of Ro-
ger Bacon, tha alchemist. It proposes to exorcise
me phantom of poverty by a mere form of cabalis-
tic words As if the, senator should introduce a bill,
providing "that fiom and after the 1st day of July
next, poverty be, and the same is hereby, abolished
throughout the United States of America." These
are words of fair promise, but as impotent as they
are fair. Poverty is no phantom, but a sad reality,
which you can no more banish by legislative incan-
tation, than GUndower could "call up spirits from
r.he vasty deep."
But. says the senator, impose high taxes, and
give the people means to pay them. Let me tell
you, sir, that, as a legislature, we have nothing to
give, for we have not yet discovered the philoso-
pher's stone. We are as poor as a church-mouse.
We have no creative power by which we can pro-
duce wealth, even to the amount of a blade of grass
or a grain of corn. That power belongs exclusive-
ly, under the blessing of God, to human labor. And
it is the great and only legitimate function of gov-
ernment, to secure to the people the free use and
enjoyment of the products of that labor, undimin-
ished by any burdens l.ot absolutely necessary to
support the government under an economical ad-
ministration. But the senator affirms (and it is the
whole burden of his argument) that the imposition
of high taxes does, of itself, (by some mysterious
process, which he has not disclosed, J furnish the peo-
plenot only with the means of paying those taxes,
but also of rising from poverty to wealth. This most
assuredly is a new theory of national wealth, now
for the first time promulgated, and certainly not the
offspring of the inductive system of philosophizing.
Allow me, sir, in a few words, to unveil the whole
mystery. When the senator speaks of giving the
people the means of paying taxes, he means the pro-
tected manufacturers and the people they employ,
amounting to some 150,000, who receive a bounty
equal to the rate of the tax upon the whole annual
amount of their productions. And this bounty is
raised by an equal amount of burdens imposed up-
on all the other classes of the people, amounting m
number to 17,000,000. The whole operation con-
firming the great truth which I have so often re-
peated, that government c&anot, in the very nature
