142
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of things, give either money, high wages, or high
profits, or any thing else, to one man, or one class
of men, which it does not first take from another.
But another of the elementary principles deduced
by Adam Smith from common sense, and the general
experience of mankind, was this: that it is the true
interest of every man in a social state, to buy such
commodities as it would cost him more labor to
make than to purchase. For example: that, instead
of evsry man attempting to unite in himself the vari-
ous callings of farmer, hatter, shoemaker, tailor,
blacksmith, and carpenter, under the absurd idea of
being more independent by making everything at
h&me, true policy dictates that these occupations
should be separately pursued by each; and the pro-
ductions of their several vocations exchanged for
each other; that, in this way, each producing the
commodity to which his means and capacity are best
A aggregate result of their whole labor
will be double the amount that could have been pro-
duced if each one had produced everything and
bought nothing. By a very natural and obvious
step in the process of inductive reasoning, these
principles are extended to the members of the great
society of nations. And it was, therefore, laid down
as the very foundation of the philosophy of com-
merce, that it is the true policy of all nations to ex-
change, without restriction, their mutual surplus pro-
ductions, each giving what it can produce cheapest,
and receiving what it would cost more to produce at
home than purchase abroad. And from all this, it
results as a corollary that the bestmode of promoting
individual and national wealth, is for every individ-
ual, and every nation, to sell where they can get the
highest price, and buy where they can buy cheapest.
J/hese principles are so obvious to the common
sense of mankind, that the author ill question came
to the final conclusion that the sagacity ofindividuals,
prompted by the universal desire of men to improve
their condition, would much moie infallibly lead
them to the pursuits most profitable to themselves,
and beneficial to the country, than any regulations
of government, by which thry lmjht be forced or
tempted to give an artificial and unnatural direction
to their capital and labor.
1 he senator from Maine, by a coun-c of reason-
ing which, il" it can be comprehended at all, is cer-
tainly not inductive, holds the revcise of all these
doutline?. In one part of his argument, he main-
tains that it is better to pay a high price for manu-
factures made at home than a low price for those
made abroad, though these latter Eire necessarily ob-
tained m exchange for productions made at home.
In another part, he maintains the yet bolder posi-
tion, that a high rate of duties upon imports dimin-
ishes their prices, and a low rate enhances them'
These aie certainly most admirable illustrations of
Lord Bacon's method of investigating the tie at
truths of philosophy! °
I propose now, sir, to analyze the arguments by
which the Senator reaches these wonderful results
m political economy. In the first place, he says
that when we impost a duty upon foreign imports,
—of cotton manufactures for example—the effect of
that duty is to reduce the price of the foreign manu-
facture abroad, thus throwing back the burdens of
our taxation upon the people of foreign countries!
Indeed, sir, if this theory can be made good by the
inductive or any other process of reasoning, it will
be one of the greatest discoveries ever made by any
financier, ancient or modern. What a comfortable
thing it would be to make other nations supply our
treasury! But there is one consideration calculated
to dimmish the value of this discovery, which I
would suggest lo the honorable senator. This, un-
fortunately, is a game at which two can play, and m
which the motto of both parties would be, "the
hardest fend of?'." And we should find, in the end,
as they say somewhere, that "the longest pole would
knock down the persimmon."
But to speak gravely, Mr. President, if nations
really possessed this power of mutually taxing each
othei, it v.'ould prove to be the greatest curse ev er
inflicted upon mankind. It would totally overthrow
that system of responsibility so wisely ordained by
a wise Providence for preserving the iiarmony of na-
tions. It would revive, m another form, the financial
system of barbarous and conquering nations, who
supplied their exchequers by rapine and plunder;
and nations would sink (like the Roman empire)
under the weight of their own corruptions. But, sir
I think I can relieve the Senate from all apprehen-
sion of these terrible disasters, by exposing the fal-
The Tariff—Mr. McDuffie.
Jan. 1844.
lacy of this new theory of taxation.
iw from Maine has, himself, furnish?
And the sena*
rm with the
Senate.
means of doing it. For, by another of those strange
coincidences for which his speech is remarkable, im-
mediately after stating that a duty imposed upon im-
ported cotton manufactures would reduce the price
m England and throw the burden upon the foreign
producers, he held up a compendium of British sta-
tistics, showing that the whole amount of cotton
manufactures annually made in that kingdom was,
m value, §260,000,000; of which only $10,000,000
are exported to the United States, while the remain-
ing §250,000,000 are consumed in Great. Britain and
other foreign countries. Now, is it not apparent
that the price of cotton manufactures in Great Brit-
alJ! ^ regulated and fixed by the aggregate demand
of the whole world, including the home demand,
and that the miserable bagatelle of §10,000,000, ex-
ported to this country, could not reduce their price
in that country more than one or two per cent, if it
were entirely cut off? Sir, there never was a more
baseless vision than this theory of the senator from
Maine; and I thank God that nations do not possess
this power of mutual taxation. If they did, it would
speedily end in the utter destruction of all foreign
commerce, and a fearful retrograde in the march of
civilization. It being obvious, then, that the burden
of taxes imposed by this government must fall up-
on our own people, let us trace the operation of an
import duty through its several transitions, and see
where it ultimately rests, it is paid, in the first in-
stance, by the importing merchant; but, as he is free
to import or not, as his interest dictates, he would
instantly cease to import if he could not indemnify
himself for the duty he pays by a corresponding in-
crease ill the price of the articles on which it is paid.
After resting upon him for a time, the duty ad-
vanced, with its accumulated interest, are transferred
to the retail merchant, who in like manner transfers
them to the consumer, or domestic purchaser, where
they finally rest. Now, sir, I care not whether you
consider the consumer or the domestic producer as
bearing the burden of protictive duties. In either
case the result is substantially the same. The class
ol imports upon which these duties are imposed,
are exclusively pmd for by the productions of the
exporting States; and must, therefore, be regarded
as the annual income of those States, And although
they do not consume the whole of these precise im-
ports, they consume an aggregate amount of im-
ports and protected manufactures equally enhanced
in price by the import duties, considerably larger
than the whole amount of these imports. For be-
sides our exports, we sell lo the manufacturers cot-
ton to the annual amount of eight or ten millions of
dollars, lor which they pay us almost exclusively in
protected manufactures.
But the senator asks, with apparent anxiety, if you
add $40,000,000 to the annual amount, of the im-
ports obtained for your exports, where are you to
find consumers? Now, let me tell him that he need
give himself no concern on this subject. There
never was a people who had the means of paying
foi any amount of imports, however large—consist
mg of every variety of commodities which adminis-
ter to the wants and comforts of all classes—who
could not find a way to consume them. The peo-
ple of the exporting States are the natural con-
sumers of the whole of those manufactures received
m exchange for their exports, precisely for a reason
so often alluded to by the senator; and that is, that
they nave the nwuns of paying for them. How
often has he said, "give the people the means of
consuming foreign imports"—admitting that the
power of consumption was limited only by the
means. Now, sir,_ the people of the exporting
States, while they disdain to ask this government to
give them the means of consuming foreign imports
or anything else, have a right to demand, and they'
do demand, that you permit them to enjoy the fruits
of then-own honest industry, and release them from
that infamous system of legislative plunder, by
w-uch then means of consumption are unrighteous-
ly taken from them, and transferred to the people of
more favored regions. And I tell the senator'from
Maine that they can not only consume the whole of
those imports which are purchased by the produc-
tions of their industry, but that they can do so with
the proud consciousness that what they consume is
emphatically then own, derived from no unjust and
iniquitous monopoly, but from the blessing of God
upon their own lt.vuc.1 industry.
But, sir, a reduction of 20 per cent, of the duties
on imports—of cotton manufactures, for example 
not only adds 20 per cent, to the means of consump-
tion in the exporting States, but four times that
amount besides to the mesas of consumption in the
farming and commercial portions of the Union.
For when you take off 20 per cent, from the tax on
the ten millions of imported cotton manufactures 
adding two millions to the means of consumption 
you at the same time take off 20 per cent, from the
indirect bounty on forty millions of our protected
ootton manufactures—amounting to eight millions
annually. So that, by taking off 20 per cent, from
the duties now imposed upon imported cotton man-
ufactures alone, we should increase the means of
consumption to the people of the United States ten
millions of dollars annually! I trust, therefore, that
the senator will not perplex himself any longer in
finding out how the people can consume the produc-
tions of their own industry.
Having now disposed of the theory of the honor-
able senator, as to the effect of high duties upon
prices, I propose to examine very briefly his facts;
for in these he takes refuge, when every other re-
source fails him. I understood the senator to say
that the tariff of 1842 had diminished the price of
manufactures, and increased the price of cotton. If
in this I mistook him, I beg that he will put the
matter right.
[Mr. Evans said the first effect of the tariff of
1842 was to lower the prices of manufactures; but
that now these prices were enhanced, from the ben-
eficial effects of that measure.]
Mr. M'cDufkie. I now understand the gentle-
man; and I must be permitted to say he has furnish-
ed us with a most characteristic specimen of his
matter-of-fact system of reasoning. From the very
commencement of this protective system, the man-
ufacturers and their advocates have habitually en-
deavored to disparage the great and well-established
principles of political economy, from an instinctive
perception that a false system cannot be defended by
those weapons of truth which sound philosophy
alone can furnish. They well know that, if their
system of injustice and plunder is brought to the
test of inductive principles, it will be inevitably ex-
posed to general execration. While, therefore, they
are themselves attempting to palm upon the coun-
try the vilest set of theories that ever disgraced the
philosophy of an enlightened age, they profess
to rely entirely upon facts. The senator from
Maine has given a most beautiful specimen of thia
new mode of philosophizing. He affirms that the
tariff of 1842, instead of depressing, has greatly en-
hanced the price of cotton; and, with great gravity,
holds up a price-current, showing that the price is
now actually higher than it was when the act of
1842 was passed! Why, sir, you might as well
ascribe the present riwe ol cotton to icebergs floating
m the ocean, or meteors falling from the heavens, as
to the tariff of 1842. The inductive philosophy
teaches us that events which precede and follow
each other do not necessarily stand in the relation of
cause and effect; but that we must look at all the
concomitant circumstances, aided by pre-established
principles, to ascertain the causes of any given phe
nomena. The night follows the day, and the day
follows the night; but no one supposes the one to be
the cause of the other. And I must say to the sen-
ator that there is not a merchant's clerk or an over-
seer in the country who cannot read him a lesson of
political economy on this subject.
Sir, it is known that the cotton crop of 1842 was
about 2,400,000 bales, and nobody estimates that of
1843 at more than 1,800,000. My own opinion is
that it will not much exceed 1,600,000. Cotempo-^
raneous with this unexampled falling off in the sup-
ply, the opening of the trade to China, upon liberal
terms, has produced a great increase in the demand
for cotton. Now, sir, if the senator will estimate
the influence of these combined causes, by the law
of supply and demand, he will perceive that they
are sufficient to raise the price of cotton from eight
to twelve dollars a hundred at the least, if not coun-
teracted by other causes. The just conclusion,
therefore, is, not that the act cf 1842 has raised the
price of' coUon from eight to ten dollars a hundred,
but that it has prevented it from going up to tv/elve.'
Such, sir, is a fair sample of those thread-bare so-
phisms which the manufacturers put off upon their
followers as/acts. Yes, sir, facts; and these are the
only articles that the manufacturers can produce
without protection, bidding defiance to all'compe-
tition.
Now, .sir, as to the fall in the price of manufac-
tures produced by the tariff of 1842. I hold in my
hand a detailed statement, made out by merchant®
of high character, showing that the prices of various
manufactures have risen on an average twenty-five
