Jan. 1844,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. McDujfie.
Senate.
per cent, since the passage of this act, and some of
them as much as sixty per cent.
How, then, does this rise in the pricc of manufac-
tures correspond with the senator's "fact" that
prices have fallen? It is true that he has explained
Ins meaning to have been that prices fell at first, and
have since risen from the general prosperity pro-
duced by the tariff of 1849. This totally overthrows
the fact and the theory that high duties reduce
prices. And let me tell you, sir, how that moment-
ary fall of prices, which took place immediately
after the passage of the act of 1842, was produced.
I will give you a little secret history on this subject.
That measure, sir, was concoctea, as I have been
informed by good authority, by a set of speculating
manufacturers who infested the lobbies and com-
mittee-rooms of Congress, each having his separate
scheme for making Congress legislate him into a
fortune.
These disinterested patriots managed to have
themselves called before the committee to enlighten
the wisdom of Congress on the great questions of
finance and political economy. Each one of them, in
his turn, would pull out of his pocket a list of the
articles which he was prepared to make to any ex-
tent, if Congress would only compel the people to
pay him his own price for them; and would modest-
ly state what duty he required. The calico-printer
would say, 1 can get along with duties from 40 to
160 per cent, i you will place the highest rates
upon the coarsest fabrics. The manufacturer of
cotton-cords, velvets, fustians, and similar articles—
a cheap and decent clothing lor every fanner,planter,
and mechanic in the United States—would say, if
you will add 50 per cent, to the duties imposed by the
tariff of 1828, I can supply the wants of the country.
And, in like manner, every sort of manufacture—
window-glass, agricultural implements,wood-screws,
and even brass pins—were foisted into this "act pro-
viding revenue" under rates of duty which are to-
tally prohibitory. An act, forsooth, to "provide
revenue from inipprts" by excluding those imports
altogether! But what became of the lobby-patriots
and financiers who aided *>o disinterestedly in mak-
ing this formless and incoherent patch-work of a
revenue tariff for protection and prohibition? As
soon as the act passed, they posted home with all
practicable opeed, to realize the fiuils of their contri-
vances, by producing a large supply of these pro-
tected manufactures; and, as often happens in such
cases, were providentially caught in their own
snare. They overstocked the market; and, as a na-
tural result, prices for a short time declined, and
though some of the more prudent of these specula-
ting patriots made large sums, others, I believe,
were ruined.
And now, sir, as to the reviving trade and pros-
perity of the country, which the senator ascribed to
the high protective duties of the tariff. That for-
eign trade should increase by high and prohibitory
duties on foreign imports, is one of these wonderful
"facts" which constitute the manufacturing theory.
Now, I had thought that if there was any one opin-
ion in which all statesmen and men of business
would concur, it was, that the revival of trade and
prosperity now in progress, was owing to the resto-
ration of our cuirency—-furnishing a substantial
basis of all the operations of trade—and the re-
covery of the country from the tremendous reaction
which unavoidably resulted from an inflated curren-
cy, and the wild spirit of speculation to which it
gave rise among all classes. But while the senator
from Maine contends that the tariff of 1842 has re-
duced prices, he in the next breath contends not
the less earnestly that the high duties imposed by
that act are necessary to save the domestic manufao
tarers from the competition of their foreign rivals.
By what appears to me an incomprehensible confu-
sion of idea^, he maintains that high duties reduce
prices by increasing competition! That is, you ex-
elude the competitor who can sell cheapest, and
precisely because he does sell cheapest, m order to
reduce priccs by increasing competition! Why, sir,
the very genius of paradox can go no further. But,
says the senator, the competition of our own man-
ufacturers will reduce profits to the general average
level, To what average level, I pray, sir? I'o the
average level of profits in England, where the sen-
ator himself told us that the interest of money was
2| per cent.: whereas it is seven here, and the
wages of labor equally disproportionate? To the
average of the profits of the farmer and cotton plant-
er, the latter of which I know does not exceed 5 per
cent.; and I understand the former is still less? Not
pt all, «ir  The senator mw* the average profits of
these pampered monopolists themselves, whose div-
idends are smalled up to 12, 20, 35, and even 40 per
cent, by forced contiibutions, extorted form the ill
paid labor of all other classes. From such a com-
petition and all its consequences, "Good Lord deliv-
er us."
The senator from Maine was very coy and
modest in answering my inquiry as to the present
profits of the manufacturers. [Mr. E\ans. I said
1 did not know.] I presume, then, this is one of
the secrets of the craft, but I have recently seen a
statement in a Lowell paper of a semi-annual divi-
dend of ten per cent., which remains uncontradicted.
But I proceed to notice another argument of the
senator, addressed rather to the blind prejudices than
to the true interest or common sense of the country.
He asks, in a tone of offended patriotism, "when
you send your cotton abroad to be exchanged for
foreign manufactures, do you not employ foreign
labor?" Now, sir, if I may be allowed the privilege
of following a New England custom, I will answer
this question by asking another. When we employ
the labor of Great Britain, France, and Germany,
to manufacture what we require, do they not employ
our labor to at least the same extent, in producing
the staples of exportation? Is not commerce, in its
very nature, an exchange of labor as u ell as of com-
modities, each party gaming by the exchange? And
let me add, sn, that the cheaper the foreign labor
we employ, the more profitable is our foreign com-
merce; though this seems to be the great grievance
of which the manufacturers complain. ISir, it is
but too obvious that the manufacturers and their
advocates habitually assume, as the basis of their
arguments, that the labor engaged m producing our
great staples of exportation is not domestic labor
at all.
The senator from Maine, ho\ve\er, gives us the
consoling usstuciii'-e, that the piicc of these sta-
ples will not be at all diminished by excluding
the exchange.-: \\ e receive for them; because
he says, pi ices depend upon supply and demand,
and the capacity of foreign countries to consume our
staples fixes the extent of their demand for them.
Now, 1 admit this las. I proposition to be sound phi-
losophy; but J draw liom it a conclusion precisely
the opposite of f hat drawn by him. For it can hardly
be necessary to inform lum, after all that has been said
on this subject, that the capacity of ibt eign countries
to consume our staples is limited by their mean* of
paying for them. Now these means arc precisely
those manufactures which this protective policy pro-
poses to exclude. 1 have, heretofore, expressed the
opinion that this anti-commercial policy has exclu-
ded 50,000,000 of foreign imports, which would now
have been annually imported if this policy had never
prevailed; and Jt may oe fairly assumed that if this
government had not laid its unhallowed hands upon
the most valuable branch of commerce that evei en-
riched a nation, the demand foi oui staples would
have been co-extcnsively incieased. Indeed, .-,ir,
when weconsidei that cotton ib by fai the chcapc^t
raw material m the world for clothing and various
other pmposes; that its introduction in France and
Germany is comparatively recent, and that it is des-
tined to be extensively used not only throughout
Europe, but the vast empire of China, the
imagination con scarcely conceive the extent of the
demand which would be created for this great staple
by throwing off from our commerce the incubus
of the protective policy. The people of Great
Britain now consume cotton manufactures to the
annual amount of $150,000,000; and li the other
nations of Europe would consume any thing like the
same proportion, all that vast region extending on
the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico from the Po-
tomac to the. Bio del Norte, would not be adequate to
supply the demand. This bright vision, howevei,
can be realized only by a system of unshackled ex-
changes with foreign nations. Leave trade to reg-
ulate itself, industry to telecr its own pui suits,, and
commerce to find out lis own channels, and we shall
never have ony complaint of o%eiproduction, to
which the senator is pleated to ascribe the decay
of our prosperity in the exporting States. No, sir,
there can scarcely orem such a thing as overpro-
duction under a system of free trade. Thi': is al-
ways the offspring of legislative restrictions, dam-
ming no the natural currents of trade. There can-
not be greater absurdity than to talk about over-
production, when there is a just equilibrium be-
tween the various productions of industry, which
fiee trade only can maintain. Such an idea would
imply that a country can have too great an abun-
dance of all the necessaries and comforts of life !
But, sir, when you cut off, by unwise and unjust
restrictions, the only imports we can obtain for our
staple; when you thus exclude us from those great
markets to which our title is derived from God and
the constitution; almost any amount of production,
however small, will be excessive. Such, sir, is the
power of unjust and iniquitous legislation, violating
the sacred rights of property! Mighty to destroy
the great fabric of a nation's prosperity, but im-
potent to rebuild it. Such has been the legisla-
tion of Congress for twenty years, and such have
been its results. And I tell you, sir, that if the sys-
tem is n u speedily abandoned, that spectacle of de-
cay and desolation which is now exhibited in one
of the most favored regions of the earth, will stand
as an eternal monument of your injustice and op-
pression! It will be too late for even wisdom and
justice to restore what folly and wickedness have dc 
stroyed:
"To mute and to material things,
New life returning summer brings;
But oh! my country's wintry state,
"What second spring can renovate?"
I have now, Mr. President, briefly and separately
noticed the prominent arguments by which the sen-
ator from Maine has attempted to sustain tile pro-
tective policy. But, sir, there is something in the
geneial spirit and bearing of his remarks lis a whole
—something that is obviously implied, but not dis-
tinctly said—which I feel bound to notice. And, in
tlie first place, it is to be remarked that his
whole argument turns upon the assumption
that the prosperity of the country means the
prosperity of the manufacturers; that domestic
industry means manufacturing industry; that the
only branch of domestic industry which adds to the
national wealth, is that which requres a perpetual
system of government bounties to sustain it; and
finally, that the taxes imposed upon all other classes
to raise these indirect bounties, are not burdens, but
national blessings ! These certainly arc bold assump-
tions; but lliey are the natural offspring of despotic
power under all its forms. When Napoleon Bona-
parte was at the height of his imperial greatness, lie
exelaimcd, m the language of infatuated despotism:
am the state." And so these great manufacturing
monopolists, feeling that they control the powers of
this government, so as to make all other interests of
the country subservient and tributary to their own,
.<tand up in their own right, and that of some two
or thiec hundred thousand operatives, and, in effect,
exclaim: "We arc the United States." Now, how
doow it happen that these extraordinary docrines
have grown up amongst an enlightened people, and
under a constitutional government, expressly intend-
ed to "establish justice," and distribute its burdens
and blessings with an equal hand among all classes
of the people, and all the sovereign States of the
confederacy* Sir, in regard to this great question of
free trade or monopoly, our situation is peculiar,
a>'d, in one respect, unfortunate. In England, for
example, with a dense population, a small territory,
and homogeneous interests, nothing but a landed in-
terest, principally held by a hereditary aristocracy,
could resist the principles of free trade for a moment.
The hand of oppression laid upon any of the great
interests of commerce or manufactures, would pro-
duce an instant vibration from one extremity of the
countiy to the other.
But we have a common government, extending
ovci a continent, and embracing not only various in-
teie&ts, but conflicting interests, separated by geo-
graphical lines, and distinguished by different civil
institutions. Our ancestors, aware of this, wisely
limited the powers conferred upon this government
to our foreign relations, to the means of protecting
our rights against the aggressions of other countries,
and to "the regulation of foreign commerce," with
a view to preserve, extend, ana nourish it; and not
to ci mplc or destroy it. And this was the avowed
pui pose for which the first federal convention was
called at Annapolis. But, sir, when the powers of
this government are perverted from their legitimate
objects to the "regulation of the whole industry of
the countrv"-—when you attempt to prescribe the
.iame law "for promoting interests that are strictly
antagonist, so far as they are affected by that law,
you°attempt what is, in the nature of things, im-
possible. God himself has adopted no such rule in
the government oi the world. His laws are wisely
adapted to the various climates and latitudes of the
earth; and it would be well if this government, ex-
tending over so many sovereign States and jarring
interests, would imitate this Divine example. But
when yon apply this Frwustean system to all the
