CO]>(iRESSIOML GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 9.
[Continued from No. 8.]
scene of San Domingo, where they shed the blood
of a sleeping infant, and stuck a pole through its
yet warm and quivering body, and under that stand-
ard marched, with the torch in one hand and the
sword in the other?
These are gome of the consequences which prompt
me earnestly to appeal to the true and sincere friends
of the Constitution; to let this report go back to. the
committee. Let the whole committee be present, and
ferhaps they may report back to us the 21st rule.
think they ought to do so. I will vote for it
again, as I have often done before. But if they will
not, then «let them report some modification of the
rale, which will put the right of petition out of all
cavil and dispute. But if they will do neither of
these; if they still persist it not only receiving, but
referring, reporting, and debating these petitions,
then I say let the South know it at once. Let her
know her true friends, and who are her false and
deceitful ones. Let her know the worst, and pre -
pare for the worst.
Mr. SAUNDERS rose and asked if the morning
hour had not expired.
The SPEAKER replied that there "was still one
minute unexpired.
Mr. SAUNDERS asked if ,he would not be enti-
tled to the floor when this subject again came up.
The SPEAKER said, though the morning hour
had now expired, the gentleman's hour had not.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. ADAMS,
the SPEAKER, Mr. SAUNDERS, and others.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved that the House go into
Committee of the Whole; which was agreed to.
the western waters.
The House resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole, Mr. Winthrop in the chair, and took up
the pending motion to refer that portion of the Pres-
ident's message which refers to Western lakes
and rivers, to the Committee on Commerce, with the
amendment thereon -
Mr. FICKLIN was entitled to the floor; and he
said it was impossible for him to tell what would
be the ultimate action of the Congress of the United
States on this subject now before the committee.
There was one thing, however, certain—that they of
the West felt a deep and an abiding interest in the
question, and were anxious to have it referred to a
committee of its friends. They thought that a com-
mittee coming.from the West—a committee which
felt an interest in everything that concerned the
West—a committee that felt themselves bound to
investigate this subject narrowly—would be more
likely to present it before the House and the coun-
try in a light to do it justice. He was aware that
individuals residing in the interior of portions of the
older States—States that were not directly interested
in this question—did not feel a great deal of inter-
est with respect to the result of the action of Con-
gress upon it; but in the West it was otherwise.
With the permission of the committee, he would
read some few passages from the message of the
President presented at the opening of the present
session, before he proceeded with his remarks. The
President, among other things, said:
"In the mean time, the country has been steadily
advancing in all that contributes to national great-
ness. The tide of population continues unbrokenly
to flow into the new States and Territories, where a
refuge is found not, only for our native born fellow-
low-citizens, but for einigiant.s from all parts of t!.e
civilized world, who come among us to partake of
the blessings of our free institutions, and to aid, by
their labor, to swell the current of our wealth and
power.
"It is due to every consideration of public policy
that the lakes and rivers of the West should re-
ceive all such attention at the hands of Congress as
the Constitution will enable it to bestow. Works
in favorable and proper situations on the lakes
would be found to be as indispensably necessary, in
case of war, to carry on safe and successful naval
operations, as fortifications on the Atlantic seaboard.
The appropriation made by the last Congress for
the improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river, has been diligently and efficiently ap-
plied."
The honorable 'gentleman from New York
[Mr. Barnard] arraigned the President for call-
ing the attention of .Congress to the Western
lakes, and to the Western rivers, and not call-
ing the attention of Congress to the Hudson
■ river, mid others of that kind. Now, as that
gentleman, in rising to make his speech 011 th{it
subject, said he did not rise to disparage the
Western rivers and lakes, so he (Mr. Fickun)
said he did not rise on this occasion to disparage the
Hudson river. Whatever fame it possessed, he was
willing that it should remain in full force; but he did
think the President stood justified in the recommen-
dation he had made; because, between the majestic
Mississippi and the Hudson river, there was but
little comparison. The President had his thanks
for the recommendation he had made, and he knew
he would have the thanks of the people of the West,
of all parties and all distinctions, for the justice he
had done to the Western rivers and Western lakes
in his message to Congress. The people of the
whole valley of the Mississippi felt that their rights
had been allowed too long to slumber; they felt that
they had not been regarded by Congress; they felt
that millions had been lavished on the seaboard, and
on the navy and the army, on fortifications, 011 light-
houses, and on improvements on the Eastern por-
tions of this continent; but that nothing, or compar-
atively nothing, had been expended for the improve-
ment of the Western waters.
He (Mr. F.) was pleased when this debate com-
menced some weeks since. He was pleased to find
that his honorable friend from the Accomac district
of Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] the honorable chairman of
this committee, [Mr. Winthrop,] the honorable
gentleman from the Charleston district, [Mr.
Holmes,] and other gentlemen who had debated this
subject, had manifested a spirit of liberality to-
wards the West. He saw a spirit of kindness in
the House towards the West ana Western interests,
which he was proud to see manifested there; but he
must be permitted to say that Boston, and New
York, and Philadelphia, and Baltimore, and, in-
deed, every large town and every large city in this
great nation, was interested more or less directly in
this question; for every facility afforded for the
transportation of the products of the West on the
Western waters was as so much of a direct tax
taken from the amount to be paid by the purchasers
of that produce, whether they resided in Boston, in
New York, in Charleston, or elsewhere. Every
facility afforded to the people of the West operated,
indirectly at least, to the benefit of the people of all
other portions of the country. They had loeen told
that the Western States had risen into importance.
In the eleven Western States, the navigation of
whose waters was now engaging the attention of
the House, the population have grown to eight
millions of people, including the western por-
tions of Pennsylvania and Virginia. He held
in his hand a pamphlet memorial published after
being adopted by a meeting of citizens of
Ohio, which contained a large mass of sta-
tistics and other information on this subject; and
from that document, he found that there was not
only a large increase of population, but of com-
merce also, to the amount of $250,000,000. The
increase was unparalleled in any country on the face
of the globe. They were told yesterday by one
gentleman from New York, that, for the last ten
years, moie than half of the whole revenue of this
nation hod been collected in tl>e rity of New York.
And suppose it had: he woukl ask that gentleman
who paid that revenue? Was it not a political
axiom that could not be disputed, that the consumer
ultimately paid the tax on importations5 ITo would
ask if the eleven States which were directly inter-
ested in the navigation of these Western waters,
including portions of the States of Pennsylvania
and Virginia, did not pay half, or more than half, of
the current revenue of this Government. He as-
serted that half, if not more than half, of the'rev-
enues of the country were paid by the people west
of the Alleghany mountains; and if that were the
case, did it not follow, as a matter of course,
that half of the expendiures of these revenues
should be made west of the Alleghany moun-
tains? But -Was that the fact? Was a hun-
dredth part, or a thousandth part, of those reve-
nues spent in the Western country? When' they
came to look over this broad and • wide-extended
country, they would find that- the seaboard! <>f the
Eastern States was studded with light-houses; they
would find some seven navy-yards, and five of them
nearly together; they would find, fortifications, and
arsenals, and hospitals, and all within the compass
of a few hundred miles round the capital of this
Government. They would find that the treasures of
this nation were poured out like water to sustain
these expensive establishments; thef would find mil-
lions and millions of dollars thus annually expended,
while scarcely a dollar was expended on the West.
They would find, by the appropriations asked for this
year, that they amounted to some thirty-two mil-
lions of dollars for the army, the navy, the academy
at West Point, and other purposes; while the
amount proposed to be expended on the West was
exceedingly light. Were they not, then, justified
in asking for a select committee to consider the rec-
ommendation in the President's message? They
thought that navy-yards, fortifications, and arsenals,
should be established on the Western waters, as well
as in the Eastern country; they thought that while
light-houses were built and maintained on the East-
ern shores—that while the expenditures were going
011 so lavishly in that portion of the country, some-
thing should be done in the -way of fortifications at
the mouth of the Mississippi river; and they thought
the Dry Tortugas should be improved, and that the
great inlet and outlet to the commerce of that portion
of the country should be secured tc  this Govern-
ment before it was too late. They thought that the
12,000 miles of navigation, and the eight millions of
the people West of the Alleghany mountains, should
not lie left in that exposed condition, without having
a navy-yard, a dock-yard, fortifications, light-houses,
and every other thing of the kind that was needed.
He then recapitulated the products of the West-
ern country, to show its importance, and the neces-
sity for the protection they demanded; and said,
notwithstanding all this productive wealth, they had
no beacon light-houses blazing on the Western
waters; tloiy had no cannon to protect their com-
merce; they had no navy-yard for the building of
ships; they had no fortifications to secure their ves-
sels. If they wanted a vessel repaired, it must be
sent either to the Chesapeake, or to New York or
Philadelphia. Suppose there was an attempt to
block up the mouth of the Mississippi: in what
kind of predicament would thia country be? Why,
the people of the eleven States of whom he had been
speaking would be in the most helpless condition in
the world. It was well known to them all that the
enemy might take possession of the mouth of
the Mississippi, and it would be impossible to re-
pel it.
As he had observed before, he did not rise to at-
tack the Hudson river, or, indeed, any other river
in this country. There was one view of that Hud-
son river that was interesting to the people of the
Western country. From New York city to Albany,
there was the Hudson river. From Albany to Buf-
falo, there was the Erie canal. The Hudson river
and the Erie canal were continued by the Wabash
and Erie canal; and the Wabash river would open
the communication, when it was improved, directly
t-> the city of New Orleans. The Wabash and Erie
canal was known to every one in this Hoiise. It
was now completed to Lafayette, in Indiana, and
was rapidly progressing to -Terre Haute. Could
then, the people of Illinois or of Main look with-
out interest on any portion of this great line of inter-
nal communication?
But they were told by the gentleman from the
Albany district of New Yoik, that this country must
eat its own provisions—that we could not find a
fojeign market for the surplus products of the
Western States. If this were a truth, it was a
melancholy one for the people of the West; be-
cause, in the single State of Indiana, or Illinois, they
couid raise grain, pork, and beef enough to feed the
whole universal Yankee nation—to feed the whole
country cast of the Alleghany mountains. People
would have to exercise their appetites, and be able
to eat a barrel of pork at a single sitting, and to ea|
six meals a day at that. [A laugh,]
