144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. McBufic.
Jan. 1844.
Senate.
terests of the country, stretching one and mutilating
another, untiTthey come up to the standard measure
of legislative wisdom, how absurd is it to say (as it
is the fashion of the manufacturers to say) "the in-
terests of the farmers, the planters, and the manu-
facturers of the East, North, South, and West, are
all the same? To be sure, it is by no natural law of
trade, but by your unjust and partial legislation, that
they are brought into conflict; but the conflict is not
the less real on that account.
If the great staples of the South and West were
equally diffused over the North and East, and the
manufactures of the latter, in like manner, diffused
over the former", do you suppose this system would
stand for a single year? I do not believe it would
command ten votes' in this body. Or consider this
whole country, with its now conflicting interests, as
un estate belonging to a single proprietor. Would
these interests stand in conflict any longer? Would
such a proprietor have the consummate folly to cut off
the imports of foreign manufactures from one branch
of his estate, that he might supply their place, at an
increased cost of 40 per cent., by another branch?
Sir, it is in vain to disguise the fact that it is be-
cause the interests of the United States are not ho-
mogeneous, that this protective system has grown up
to its present gigantic stature. If the interests of the
people, like the government, were a unit, and the
question was, how to produce the greatest aggregate
income for the whole, not a man could be found so
absurd as to propose the exclusion of foreign manu-
factures because they are cheap, and substitute do-
mestic manufactures at higher prices, as a means of
increasing the national income.
But, Mr. President, to bring all these views to a
practical test, and to demonstrate the gross and re-
volting inequality and injustice of this protective sys- 1
tem, I will suppose that the Union were now peace-
ably dissolved, and that three separate confederacies
were formed—one consisting of the Middle and East-
ern States, another of the Western and Noithwest- ;
ern States, and the third of the Southern and South- ;
western States—denominated respectively the manu- 1
factunng, the farming, and the planting confederacies, j
Each of these would, of course, oe remitted to its 1
original and inherent right of self-government, and '
divested of all power to control or influence the legis- j
lation of the others. Now, I propose to inquire what
would be the obvious policy of each of these confed- 1
eracies on the great questions of fiee-trade and pro- i
tection, and how the interests of each, considering |
the subject merely with a view to national wealth, :
would be affected bv the political change I have sup- !
posed. And i will fust draw a faithful picture of the
condition of the southern and southwestern confed-
eracy under the new order of things and hold it uo
to the \ lew of the Senate m contrast with its present
condition, and ask the advocates of the protective
policy to "look at this picture, and look at that," ;
and say whether it is not "Hyperion to a Satyr."
Judging from our past experience, it would be
within limits to assume that the exports of the plant-
ing confederacy would amount annually to at least a
hundred millions of dollars under that system
of free trade which would, of course, be adopt-
ed; and in return for this there would be 1
an annual amount of imports equal to one hundred ;
and twenty millions of dollars; for we should sell as
much and buy as much as possible, having no dread '
of a balance of trade in our favor; in other words, of
receiving more value than we gave. A duty of 10
per cent, on these imports would yield an annual !
revenue of $12,000,000—a most abundant supply for :
all the imaginable wants of the government; which j
would not only be raised with one-fourth part of the
burden now imposed upon our people, but the
whole of it would Le expended anions them; where-
as, of the enormous contributions ijow drawn from
the productions of our industry, scarcely anything
is returned to us in the shape of disbursements.
Now, sir, I have made a statement, with all the truth 1
and unadorned simplicity of history, of what every
man must know would be the policy pursued by
the southern and southwestern States under a seps- ;
rate government, and of the results of that policy as
it would effect their wealth and prosperity. And
yet, sir, that statement, m which I defy any senator
to point out the slightest coloring or exaggeration,
discloses to every mind, capable of comprehending
it, the elements and causes of one of the most extra-
ordinary revolutions m the prosperity of States to
be found in the history of the world, whether pro-
ceeding from change of government, commercial
discoveries, or any other cause. Sir, no imagina-
tion can adequately portray the increased prosperity
of the States in question, in all its developments.
Their annual income—the annual amount of consu-
mable commodities which they would receive as the
reward of their industry, to be distributed among all
classes, would be increased from §72,000,000 to
$108,000,000, or in that proportion—to say nothing
of the employment and means of enjoyment which
would result from the disbursement of the revenue.
The cities of Charleston, Savannah, and New Or-
leans, in some of which it may be said that the
grass now grows in the streets, would rise from
their ruins as if by enchantment, and rival the best
days of New York and Philadelphia. And more
than all, sir, the spirit of the people, broken down
by the' steady and progressive decay of their for-
tunes, would rise with renovated energy amidst the
animating spectacle of a general and progressive
prosperity. But the crowning glory of this great
change would be, that it was produced without the
possible imputation of injustice inflicted upon oth-
ers, and simply from being restored to our natural
right to enjoy theYruits of our own-industry.
Let us now trace the operation of this political
change upon the prosperity of the manufacturing
confederacy of the Middle and Eastern States. The
manufacturers now receive an annual bounty of
about $50,080,000 from the combined system of
revenue and protective duties, laid mainly upon that
branch of imports which would now belong to a
separate and independent confederacy. Of this they
would of course be deprived. The whole protective
system would be at an end. Their new govern-
ment would have no means to protect them, and
they would need no protection. For how unneces-
sary and absurd would it be to impose high duties
upon foreign manufactures where there would be
nothing in the country with which to pay for them?
They would not come in, therefore, if you would
open your ports and proclaim free trade.
The difficulty would be no longer in excluding
foreign manufactures, but in obtaining a market for
their own. And where would they find that marVet?
In the planting confederacy? They would now have"
to contend against the foreign manufacturers in that
market, not only without a protection of 40, or
even Q0 per cent., but without any protection at all.
It would be our right and our duty to impose the
the same revenue duties upon their manufactures
that we should impose upon those of other coun-
tries; thus receiving a fair revenue of 10 per cent.,
from manufactures on which we now pay a bounty
of 40. And where would this manufacturing con-
federacy find sources of revenue? If their domestic
exports may be fairly assumed as the measure of
their imports, these would hardly reach twenty mil-
lions. And a duty of even 40 per cent, would yield
a very inadequate revenue, if compared with that of
their southern neighbor. The result would prob-
ably be, that half their revenue would have to be
raised by internal taxes, repugnant as these are to
the notions of the senator from Maine; and they
would probably be imposed in the shape of excise
duties upon those very manufactures which would
be deprived of the protection of a 40 per cent, duty,
which they now enjoy- But, sir, I have not yet
finished the gloomy portraiture of the manufactur-
ing confederacy, as it would be under the new order
of things. The States which would compose that
confederacy now receive the greater portion (prob-
ably nine-tenths) of the -enormous disbursements of
this wasteful and extravagant government.
This is no small matter, sir; few of the most en-
lightened statesmen and political economists ever
realized its importance, till the close of the twenty
years1 war which grew out of the French revolu-
tion. During that war, the financial resources of
Great Britain seemed as miraculous, as the mili-
tary achievements of Napoleon. With an annual ex-
penditure of ^500,000,000 for several years, of
which £>300,000,000 was raised by taxation, the
people seemed to be, and actually were, for the time,
eminently prosperous But at the close of the war,
when these vast disbursements comparatively
ceased, general depression and distress followed,
instead of the increased prosperity anticipated.
The extraordinary influence of government dis-
bursements at home, in raising the" prices of com-
modities and labor, and in stimulating industry, was
then, for the first time, fully disclosed. And it was
the opinion of able writers and statesmen, that,
during the war, the disbursement of $500,000,000
annually in Great Britain, derived from loans and
taxes, very nearly indemnified the people for the
current burden of taxation. But this was neither
more nor less than the people of the day-living upon
the resources of posterity—the one bloated with
artificial prosperity, the other doomed to perpetual
and oppressive burdens. And now, sir, to apply
this example to the case before us," how perfectly
do the manufacturing States now represent the peo-
ple of Great Britain during the war, and the export-
ing States their posterity? Under the political
change I have supposed, all the present disburse-
ments would, of course, be withdrawn from the
States which now receive them.
I have thus, sir, presented a statement of the re-
sults which would take place in the manufacturing
confederacy, with the same sort of historical fidelity
which I endeavored to observe in the statements I
made relative to the planting confederacy. I have
stated nothing speculative; but, on the contrary, re-
sults which must take place. And I now leave it to
the manufacturers themselves to decide whether this
plain statement does not also disclose the elements
and causes of a revolution in their prosperity fully
equal to, but in dismal contrast with, that which I
have shown would take place among the planting
States? How often have they told us that the pro-
tection derived merely from a revenue tariff would
be totally inadequate to protect them from total
ruin; and that we had as well apply the torch to
their manufactories as to reduce the duties upon
imports to that standard? If these were not false
clamors, what a scene of desolation would be pro-
duced by depriving them of all protection, and
leaving them, like the producers of the staples of
exportation, to seek out markets abroad, where
they must encounter the equal-handed competition
of the whole world !
Such, Mr. President, would be the opposite and
striking results produced among the planting and
the manufacturing States by the political change I
have supposed; while the Western and Northwest-
ern States would find a vastly extended market in
the planting States for all the productions of their
faims, obtaining high prices and cheap manufac-
tures, instead of the low priccs they now obtain,
and the high prices they are now compelled to pay
to sustain the monopolies of the protective system.
Now, sir, I earnestly ask the question, What is it,
in the new order of things i have supposed, that
would produce such extraordinary and opposite ef-
fects in the planting and manufacturing confedera-
cies? If, after ten years from the establishment of
these separate confederacies, a stranger should re-
visit the country, who had seen it before, he would
naturally inquire what had produced the mighty
changes that would everywhere meet his eye. In
the South and Southwest, seeing our cities thronged
with a vastly increased and prosperous population;
the silence of our streets succeeded by the animating
hum of active industry, and the whole country
covered with tasteful and well-furnished niansions,
where venerable ruins or log cabins had stood be-
fore,—he would exclaim, "whatgod has descended to
bless this favored region, or what countries have
been plundered to produce these monuments of
wealth and prosperity where all was decay and
poverty before*" He would be almost incredulous
when informed that all this had resulted exclusively
from the restoration of these States to the right of
self-government, and their citizens to their natural
rights. The same stranger, beholding the fallen
and ruinous condition of the manufacturing States,
would naturally ask, "what monstrous despotism,
what oppressive burdens of taxation have destroyed
the prosperity, which, ten years ago, distinguished
these States from all their associates^5 He would
probably be still more incredulous when informed
"that all the changes he saw had been produced by
preventing those States from taxing, as they had
done for twenty years, the productive industry of
their southern and western associates."
Now, Mr. President, if I have not grossly exag-
gerated the comparative effects which would be pro-
duced upon the manufacturing and other States of
the Union, by simply restoring them to the right of
regulating their own several interests, how enormous
must be burdens imposed upon the exporting States
by the tributary vassalage to which they have been
for twenty years reduced by the protective policy?
I have presented this plain and practical view of the
subject, in the hope of making palpable to the view
of our oppressors themselves, the injustice they are
perpetrating. And I warn them that there is a point
beyond which oppression will not be endured, e\cn
by the vilest slaves or the iriost loyal citizens.
