Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
145
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate-
REMARKS OF MR. GRIDER,
OF KENTUCKY.
In the House of Representatives—On the bill to re-
fund General Jackson's fine.
Mr. GRIDER said he did not rise for the purpose
of making an argument upon the subject under con-
sideration; but, he could divest himself of the em-
barrassment under which he was laboring, to state
merely some of the reasons that would influence
him in the vote he should give. He said, perhaps
he owed an apology for claiming the attention and
indulgence of the committee at so early a period,
even for a few moments; but he felt it due to himself
to state why he could not sustain the bill. It had
been remarked that this is no party question; but
still, if we are to judge from what we see and from
what we have heard, it is greatly to be feared that
this is its only true character. Were this a bill
merely to do justice to a patriot and hero, none, he
presumed, could be found to oppose it. If, indeed,
<t accorded but a tribute of respect to the inmate of
the Hermitage, without assailing others, no remon-
strance would be heard. If there was no question
of legal and constitutional right growing out of the
history of the case, all that could be asked would be
cheerfully awarded; but it is otherwise. We have
heard of retrenchment and reform; of administrative
economy; of early adjournments for special purposes.
Now, how are gentlemen to be understood who talk
thus favorably of what the country may expect from
Congress, and then call up a subject, after a lapse of
twenty-five years, for legislation, as if any vote of
this House could change the facts of the case or the
judgment of the nation in regard to tliem. Sir, this
is not a question about money—all disclaim that.
It is not a question demanding the legislation of the
country—no interest is suffering that this bill will
remedy. The wants of none are crying for relief.
It is not a fit subject for legislation. Shall wc now
attempt to arrest the verdict of the nation and of the
world; to go back and revise the pages of history,
and inquire of the past what are now its responses'
Shall we raise a question between the living and the
dead? If we have come here to legislate for the
country, for the advancement and perpetuity of
the government and its interest, why not look
to the present, to the future''' Wliy go back
to the past and stir up its remembrances? Sir,
it is wrong. Is this administrative economy?
Can you alter the past—change the judgment of
the nation, whatever it may be? Does that judg-
ment ask or need the ratification and seal of
this House? The passage of tins bill will disap-
point its author and its friends. No false issues are
to be joined here: no denunciation can be provoked.
No one can be found in this country who does not
gladly accord to General Jackson all the glory ho
has so nobly won for himself and his country; but,
sir, that glory belongs to himself and his country.
But now arc not his supposed friends legislating
upon it, and endeavoring to appiopriate it as they
would the dollars and cents m your treasury? It is
wrong, sir. This is not an appropuate subject for
legislation. Sir, the people of this country are not
to be led off in this way; they are not governed by
impulse. They think and form their own opinions;
they know what is proper and what improper; they
know what is done in sober earnest for the good of
the country, and what is done by disguise in the
name of the country for other purposes, perhaps
fatal and ruinous.
Sir, if this fine were ordered to be refunded, would
General Jackson accept it? Never. Has he asked
fur it? No, never. Does he, in fact, need it? No,
not at all. Why not, then, lay the bill upon the
fable, and give up this protracted idle effort? If this
fine were refunded and accepted, then, indeed,
would an eclipse, have come over the brightness of
the hero's glory; for the zenith of that brightness
was when he stood amidst his victorious soldiery,
and, obedient to the law, paid the fine now asked to
be refunded. We have often so heard from his old,
Ins true, and his tiied friends; but now he has new
friends, and we must reverse the awards ot the past.
Mr. G. said he thought those who had done
honor to themsehes and their country, prompted by
the genuine feelings of patriotism, drew upon the
inward speakings of their own hearts, and the con-
gratulations of their countrymen, and there they
found a rich reward. Such was once the temper
and tone of this country, and such is now, doubt-
less, the feeling of General Jackson. His fame is
undisputed—it is spacious. It is said "the measure
of his glory is full;" but, sir, it belongs (as he had
said) to himself and to his country. It belongs to
no party. His fame lias been appreciated; the
country lias done him many honors. His influence
has been felt; but why, at this hour almost of his
retirement from this world, wake up this question'
Is it that the mantle of his mighty fame may spread
its folds over the shoulders and the prospects of
some other person? Is it that a borrowed influence
might be created in favor of some one asking popu-
lar favor' Sir, if the present frietlds of General
Jackson felt as he did upon a review of the battle
and the desolations of war, when this fine was offer-
ed to be paid or refunded, tliey would think of the
widow and the orphan af that man who fell bearing
the standard of his country in the battle-strife.
Where are these? May they not ilot rather appeal
to your sympathies and your justice?
But the true question involved, when we take our
judgment-seat far back in the past, is, Shall we ad-
here to the constitution and its injunctions? Shall
we surrender the sacrednesw of the writ of habeas
corpus? No matter whether in referent* to the past,
present, or future, the principle is involved, and we
ask to decide. What is the judgment of the House'
Who is ready to consent to the arbitrary suspension
of law, of the writ of habeas corpus, of the consti-
tution itself, except under its forms by the solemn
legislation of the country? For one, he was not pre-
pared for this. This writ is a high constitutional
privilege and right, to the invasion ot which he
never would consent. It involved the question of
the supremacy of the law. It is not simply a com-
pliment to a distinguished man. Gentlemen had
said so—that it was due for his military and his polit-
ical triumphs, but mainly his great battle in the
South. Ah, his political triumphs; and yet it is
said it is no party question. Then let it be so, and_
let every man in his vote take the responsibility of
it. He should be found to differ with gentlemen, he
supposed, of every variety of opinion, even from
some of his own friends; but he felt unwilling to
vote for this bill. If he looked to any quaitcr with
more confidence than any other for individual secu-
rity and right, it was to the sound morality and
firmness of our enlightened judiciary. This is the
safe retreat of every man under the constitution, no
matter of what party, or country, or condition.
There the arbitrary rule of proscription has never
obtained. The suspension or resistance of law, or
law-process, except by the legislature, no matter
how, or when, or by whom done, ought never to be
endorsed by the vote of this House. It he were to
do this thing he believed his constituents would re-
buke him. His constituents loved good order; they
love the country and the constitution more than the
fame and glory of anv and all distinguished men
who may have graced the annals of the country:
"not that they love Crcsar less, but that they love
Rome more." Let the judicial authority never be
overcome. It is the best hope of the weak and the
oppressed. He had thus desultorily suggested a
few thoughts: he had not taken up the facts nor
gone into ail argument. He concluded by asking
if it had not been better it this subject had been pei-
liiitted to sleep, and the worthy and renowned in-
mate of the Hermitage allowed, in his rctiiement, to
enjoy unmolested the few true friends who arc wont
to gather around man in old age, to smooth his pil-
low and beguile his thoughts from this world of
anxiety and vexation, up to file lovely serenity of
that world where we trust he shall find forever
blessedness and rest, after an eventful life, so fully
identified m all its influences, for good or for evil,
with the history of his country.
REMARKS OF MR. WOODBURY,
OF IVEW HAMPSHIRE,
hi Senate, February 7 and 8, 1844—On the resolution
to postpone indefinitely Mr. McDui-fie's bill to
reduce the present tariff.
Mr. President: As one of the committee that re-
ported tins resolution, 1 was against it; and have
heard nothing since to reconcile me to its adoption.
I am for action now on the modification of the pres-
ent high tariff, and for the prompt passage of the
bill introduced by the senator from South Carolina,
[Ml-. McDufpie,] amended as il may and should
be m some respects, if the motion to postpone does
not prevail, so as to mould it into a form more ac-
ceptable to most of the great interests and great
sections of the country. My object is to present
sonic reasons why the exorbitant and partial rate
of duties on imports which now exists should not
be tolerated a single day" fo j$sr than is required to
make the change judiciously-
I shall speak to the merits of this proposition
solely. I intend to treat it as a practiml qciestitrn
one vital to twenty millions of people—rtvWier tnai i
an abstract theory, or affecting the welfare niaeife.y
of small regions and small classes.
We have been asked to rely on facts rather thai.'
speculations. Such a course was proper; and as, in
every controversy, a variety of facts is involved,
appearing often different to different persons, equally
honest, Ikt not equally inquiring, or connected with
the transactions, my great effort will be to throw
new light on the facts which bear upon the subject.
Settle some of the doubtful facts, sir, and there will
be much less difficulty as to principles; for, wlnlo
men and events change, principles arc eternal.
Looking, then, to all the real circumstances con-
nected with the present high and unequal tanli,
whether it be a measure for protection or revenue,
and the following facts Seem to require its amend-
ment without delay. _ *
the first place, it could not have become
In
a law, except
great exigency,
a now experiment
of experience, in on
as
It
a temporary measure, m a
was voted for by ho one a.-,
which might require ycart>
der to develop the proprie-
ty of'its contmuancc or modification. The sys>-r
tem involved in it had been previous y tried for
near a generation, and found wanting. It had been
in operation till its impolicy and oppressions con-
vulsed the Union from its centre to its extremities.
It had been deliberately abolished by a union of its foi -
mer friends and foes; and, so far from its having now
become sacred-forbidding any agitation of its char-
acter, and requiring ua to wait longer for iuithei de-
•' ;ood Of evil,—the speeches of
velopments of its 0
several gentlemen on its passage, piove it was in-
tended to be amended at an early day. It Pa^ca
here by a majority of only one; and, m order '"at lie
Senate may see that no mistake exists in imputing
such opinions to some without whose votes heic ji
bill muBt have failed, I will trouble the Sen. >
by reading to them an extract or two front
the debates oil that occasion. The distin-
guished senator from New York, [Mr. Which r,j
declared that it was bad, and loadeo. xvilh de-
fects. (Apendix to Globe, 953 p., for 1842 ) But
the onlu choice was between this measure and none as
all, (955 p.;) and he felt obliged to act under the
disagreeable alternative of a very bad bill, and no Rev-
enue and no collection laws." Another member,
Mr. Williams,] then the colleague of the chair-
man, [Mr. Evans,] who deprecates touching the pre-
sent tariff, and eulogizes its provisions se? 'J'S p
voted for it under the deliberate expression, that /"e
bill, as a whole, is highly objectionable, (957 p.)—thai,
lie would not hesitate to vote against it, it any
other provision could be made; but he supported it
to "enable government to continue its operation,
until the people shall have another opportunity of
selecting agents to repieseiH them in another Con-
gress; arid whatever is wrong in the provisions of this
bill (and there is much of it) may then be corrected.
The senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan J
also had the candor to declare the bill to be objec-
tionable. But the choice was, in his view, between
that or none, and financial disgrace. "I shall accept
(said he) this now, as much the least of two evils, ana
look forward with hope to better times for an 8d-
iustment of the tariff on a scale more consonant with
all the great and various interests of the Union, with-
out sections." (951 p.) . ,
The Piesldent also (without whose signature the
bill would not have become a law) contemplates, m
his message, that a revision of it may now be proper.
But, sir, there is a higher authority than ail these
with o-cntlemrn opposite, in favor of examining into
the provisions of the existing a.n(* c01'rectln£
any of them, if erroneous. Mr. Clay, in a letter writ-
ten last September, says concerning the Urifl of ISU:
"If there beany excesses or detects in it, (ox winch
1 have not the means of judging,) they ought to be
corrected." But as to the tanfl of 1828, he was
well acquainted with " the circumstances which gave
biith" to that- "They are highly discreditable to
American legislation:11 and that was a ''high, taiiff,
"eminently deserving that denomination " Now,
those well acquainted with the act of 1842, know it
to be not only as high a tariff, in many respects, as
that of 1828, but in some, higher; and if the former
was on that account discreditable to American legisla-
tion, this is worse, and therefore should be at once
corrected. Other circumstances connected with it
(10)
