Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
147
jt%e Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
least, and as to some very leading articles, the im-
ports of three of which alone exceed, yearly, four
millions of dollars, the producer of the raw article
has the protection of only one, five, and fifteen per
cent, generally, white in evety instance the manu-
facture working up the faw article, has a protection
ranging from twenty-five to one hundred and thirty
percent. (See table 4.)
Thus, while the farmer gets the protection of only
nine per cent, on his raw flax, the manufacturer of
it into cloth obtains oil that from twenty-five to fifty
per cent. And while rough wood gets the aid of
but twenty per cent,, those who make manufactures
from it, have thirty; and while cheap wool was long
free and now had hut five per cent protection, the
farmer is obliged to go and pay for protection to the
manufacturer making carpets and cloths for him
from the same wool, sixty per cent. He was as-
sisted as to his hides, (of which almost every agri-
culturist raised some,) but five per cent.; while the
manufacture of leather from them, which the farmer
was compelled to buy for his family, received thirty-
five per cent, protection.
[Some senators here smiled, and said not his own
hide.]
No, sir; as to that, he has been skinned so often,
and so patiently, the high protectionists seem to
imagine that, like the boy's eels, he will continue to
bear it without complaint, because he is so used to
it. No, sir, they are the hides of the herds that
graze on his verdant pastures, which are thus dis-
criminated against; and though the hemp which may
grow in the fields contiguous in Maine and Ver-
mont, as well as in Kentucky and Missouri, is bet-
ter protected, and so high as to burden much the
ship-builder; yet the manufacturers, using up that
very hemp, obtain for their cordage and cottoft bag-
ging over a hundred, and in some cases, over two
hundred per cent, more than the rate on the raw
material. Again: the maker of brass kettles—an
article so widely usccf—oVtainrs from every purcha-
ser the benefit of a duty of twelve cents a pound;
while the raw material is imported free. The boast-
ed protection to the silk-grower is of the same char-
acter, when, in household economy, the aged and
young may economically raise cocoons and receive
fifty cents a pound as a protective duty; but are ob-
liged to pay the manufacturer on the very article
made from those cocoon;-, and bought for their own
wear, a protective duty of five times that amount,
or $2 50. The specifications might be much farther
extended, did tune permit; but the table itself is at
the service of any gentleman who wishes to see all
the cases; and there is annexed an enormous list of
articles admitted entirely free for the benefit of the
manufacturer, (see No. 4.) What has been the way
in which the fanner was deluded to overlook this
system of direct partiality against him and his great
interests' It has been by keeping these unjust
discriminations in the back ground, and push-
ing forward cases of agricultural productions,
Oil which the duty was high; but which, r.s the
the chairman [Mr. E\avs,] admitted were articles so
abundant here that they needed no protective du-
ties—no, sir; no moie than the ice and granite of
of New Hampshire. Hence, when the producer
of the raw material here (as m the former cases)
finds it more difficult to grow and compete with the
producer abroad, he receives less aid, or none; but
when he can easily and abundantly grow an article,
and compete with a Whole world, without artificial
protection, the friends of the American system offer
to him very high duties. They sternly withhold
what he wants, but kindly bestow what he does not
want. It is a curious circumstance, also, that the
agricultural articles favored with a higher duty, are
ail those from which little or nothing is manufac-
tured here, and hence the friends of the American
system have no interest against their being hHi;
nor are the duties, in this last class of cases,'
made high for revenue, any more than for real and
needed protection. Because the aggregate imports
of the whole eleven articles were, in 1840, but
£.71,547, yielding a lcvenue of not over one-third
that sum, while the aggregate imports of only three
of the fifteen other articles, not protected fully or
equally, were fifty-seven times larger than all of
these. The tendency, then, if not the object of the
duties, which are high on agricultural products, is
mere show, or visionary. It has been to throw dust
in the eyes of the community on this subject, and
sustain one of the delusions which has misled so
many farmers into the erroneous belief that their
interests were, in reality, protected as much as those
of the manufacturers. In order that Senators may
see the particulars on which iriy r'dniarks to this
last point are grounded, here is a schedule of these
articles, tlife duty on each, and the whole imports Of
them in 1840—some reaching Only the paltry sum of
seven dollars, and some nothing. (Nb'. 5.) Now,
sir, if, as a matter of fact, I have proved (his bill to
be shaped on a system of high discriminating duties
for the direct protection of manufacturers, rather
than all classes, and, in many respects, for that, and
not for revenue, it follows, even if it be within the
purview of any technical words used in the great
charter of our liberties, that it is hostile to the spirit
and the compromises which created, and which
alone can sustain that charter; hostile to the equal
interests and claims of gi'e&t sections, classes, and
industrial pursuits; hostile to tile true welfare of the
majority of the whole, as a whole; and hostile to
their harmony and peace, as well as the perpetuity
of the Union "itself.
I am aware that the preamble of the act of 1790
has been cited as an evidence that the direct encour-
agement of manufactures was one of tlje objects of
that act. But when the rate of duties contained in
it is adverted to, (a skeleton of which he held in his
hand—table No. 8,) it would be seen that none of
them was higher than a moderate reveiiue standard.
Most of them did not exceed .r> and 10 per cent.;
and consequently nothing could have been intended
by them beyond that incidental encouragement to
manufactures which all revenue tariffs must yield,
when founded on pure revenue principles. Our
fathers concluded to encourage manufactures, by
collecting a large portion of their revenue from im-
ports, rather than deriving it -all from direct taxes
and internal duties. Indeed, their rule, like mine,
was to collect, if needed, all the revenue from im-
ports which they will yield without going higher
in the rates than a revenue standard, and what is
consistent with the preservation in full vigor of our
foreign commerce. But all wanted beyond that
should be obtained from other sources; and, happi-
ly, our lands will usually, with that, yield sufficient
for all the expenses of an economical government in
time of peace. It is not inconsistent with free trade
that the imports help, in a due proportion with other
piopeity, to pay the public expenses.
But when, in 1704, and 1708, and 1812, our fa-
thers needed more revenue than could be obtained
from moderate duties—no higher than a revenue
standard—they resorted for the rest to taxes on
land and excise. Their actions spoke louder than
any words—especially when the latter tire open to
misconstruction—and they never deemed it proper,
under the spirit of the constitution, to encourage
manufactures by express prohibitions of foreign ar-
ticles, or by implied prohibitions, through exorbi-
tant imposts of a prohibitory tendency. On the
contrary, in all the pressure of a heavy revolu-
tionary debt—the large expenses ol' a quasi war
with France—and our controversies with the Rar-
bary powers, as well as our Indian border foes—
they never, as a general rule, though needing more
revenue, increased the rates of duty beyond fifteen
per cent., or seventeen and a half including the Med-
iterranean fund. Here is the evidence of the fact,
(table No. 6*,) and it is conclusive proof that no
such restrictive system for manufactures, like
the act of lb'42, was ever deemed within the
true spiiit and policy of tli'-. government. It is
not a little curious, that, when annoyed by foreign
prohibitory imposts, and with their own tonnage
also comparatively small, neither Mr. Jefferson, m
his able report, in 1704, on our foreign commerce,
nor Mr. Madison, in his celebrated resolutions
founded thereon, ever proposed any higher duties
than ten or fifteen per cent., except as a mere war
measure of retaliation; and that never, in fact, till
war itself came, in 1812, with all its burdens and
horrors, and the American protective system fol-
lowed, in 1816—aggravated again, till it became, in
1828, little, if any, less burdensome and terrific than
war itself—did any of the revolutionary school of
statesmen think proper to impose duties higher than
fair revenue ones, or which tended, except incident-
ally, to protect any one branch of national industry,
at the expense of the rest. It is still more curious,
that even Hamilton—so much relied on by the man-
ufacturers as an advocate of their system—argues
strongly, in the Federalist, (page 204,) that the
power given m the constitution to collect taxes from
other sources than imports was meant to prevent
such high duties on imports alone as would yield
direct encouragement to manufactures, and injure
eommerce and agriculture, as well as revenue, and
was with a view to enable Congress, rather than do
that, to keep the duties at a revenue standard, and
resort for additional means, if needed, to taxes of a
different character. His words are these, (Federal-
is',, gage 204:)
"Suppose, as has been contended for, the federal
power of taxation were to be confined to the duties
on imports; it is evident that the government, for
WKiit of being able to command other resources,
would frequently be tempted to extend these duties
to an injurious excess. There are persons who im-
agine that this can never be the case; since the liigher
they are, the more it is alleged they will tend to dis-
courage an extravagant consumption, to produce a
favorable balance of trade, and to promote domestic
manufactures. But all extremes are pernicious in
various ways. Exorbitant duties on imported arti-
cles serve to beget a general spirit of smuggling;
which is always prejudicial to the fair trader, anil
eventually to tile revenue itself; they tend to render
other classes of the fcommunity tributary, in an im-
proper degTee, to the manufacturing classes, to whom
they give a premature monopoly of the markets:
they sometimes force industry out of its most nat-
ural channels into others in which it flows with less
advantages; and, in the last place, they oppress the
merchant, &c., &c."
This is noble and manly reasoning—considering it
conies from one so often quoted as favoring uie
American system—and is worthy to be written in
letters of gold for the perusal of all its indiscreet
friends.
Again: who of his scho<s! -w}io then ever dared
to propose absolute prohibitions of &reign rival com-
modities, as is done in the absolute governments of
Europe, and under the powers of the English ami
French governments, so much more unlimited than
ours? Yet what is the difference in prn>eiple^-in
political substance and in morals—between d direct
prohibition and one incident by prohibitory duties?
And now when old reasons for retaliation have
mostly becomc obsolete—the reasons of infancy in
the growth of manufactures, so as to need direct
aid, ccased, wc are driven into a prohibitory system
more ultra than was ever before attempted in the
worst time. Is this anomaly opposed now, or was
it, in practice, opposed before 1816, because the friends
of free trade then or now resist protection? No. They
favor protection to the persons and property of all;
k that is equal protection—equal justice. But what
has astonished me most is, that in this debate, as
well as elsewhere, attempt.* have been made to
make the restrictive system lcai; <>n Franklin's staff
for support; when, from early life, I had always
supposed that the opinions of Franklin on free
trade were decinedlv of the Colbert .and Adam
Smith school; and that, so far from the frt,'0 tra(ie
notions having originated, since his day, tC>'ei
and being likely, in the views of the chairman,
[Mr. Evans,] not to survive their authors, I thought
they had lived already much beyond their authors
abroad; and, as becoming better understood, were
making converts on both continents, among the
ablest minds, as well as the great masses of society.
In order to see how the real truth was on this con-
troverted point concerning Franklin, and the con-
clusions to which his great experience and unrivalled
sagacity had reached" on this subject, I have taken
some pains to run through portions of his works,
and without giving much that is pertinent will trou-
ble the Senate with a few extracts from them.
In volume 6, p. 157, he says:
"We see much in parliamentary proceedings, and
in papers and pamphlets, of the injury the conces-
sions to Ireland will do to the manufacturers of Eng-
land, while the people of England seem to be forgot-
ten, as if quite out of the question. If the Irish can
manufacture cottons, and stuffs, and silks, and linens,
and cutlery, and toys, and books, &c., &c., &c., so as
to sell them cheaper in England than the manvfactn-
rers of England sell them, is not this good for the
people of England who are not manufacturera' And
will not even the manufactuiers themselves share
the benefit? Since, if cottons are cheaper, all the other
manufacturers who wear cottons will save in that
article; and so with the rest."
Page 533:
"I am not enough master of the course of our
commerce to give an opinion on this particujar ques-
tion; and it does not behoove me to do ii; yet I have
seen so much embarrassment and so little a4vantage
in all the restraining and compulsive systems, that I
feel myself strongly inclined to believe that a State
which leaves all her ports open to all the wor
