CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S3
ize the entry of certain lands occupied by branch
pilots and others at the port of New Orleans, in the
State of Louisiana: referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, made an unfavorable report on the petition of
T. S. Woodman; and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration thereof.
•WIDOWS AND ORPHANS OP THE OFFICERS
AND CREW OF THE GRAMPUS. .
Mr. PAR.MENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which the subject had been refer-
red by a resolution of the House, reported a bill for
the relief of the widows and orphans of the officers,
seamen,and marines, of the late United States schoo-
ner Grampus: read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RODNEY, from the Committee on Military
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Jane Mc-
Guire, widow of Thomas McGuire; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made unfavorable reports on the
petitions of Phebe Abel, widow of Alexander Ter-
rence; Obadiah Newoomb, John C. Budd, Lettis
Pond, Huldah Sarton, E. Kellog, Susan Aldrich,
widow of Gustavus Aldrich; Susanna Carpenter,
and Reuben Taylor.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Joseph Kimball; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. V. also, from the same committee, made an
unfavorable report on the petition of Samuel Fuller.
On motion by Mr. Y. the Committee of Claims
was discharged from the further consideration
of the petitions of the heirs of William Arnold, and
of Jacob Snyder; and the first was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and the second
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. A. SMITH reported a bill to grant a pension
to Isaac Plumer; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole.
He also made various adverse reports.
Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF and some other
gentleman made various adverse reports.
Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Jonathan Bean; which was read twice, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Also, a bill for the relief of William Glover; which
was read twice, and committed to the Committee of
the Whole.
HOWARD INSTITUTION.
Mr. A. STEWART, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the benefit
of the Howard Institution, of the City of Washing-
ton; which was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole, and, together with the ac-
companying report, was ordered to be printed.
ABOLITION.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, made a report on a petition of
citizens of Lockport, in the State of NewYork, for a
revision of the laws of the District of Columbia. The
committee reported that they had examined the pe-
titions, and were unanimously of opinion that it was
of a class of papers the reception of which was pro-
hibited by the 25th rule of the House; they there-
fore recommended the adoption of the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed
to return the petition above referred to, to the gen-
tleman who presented it.
On this resolution, he moved the previous question;
but (Mr. Adams rising at this moment) if the gen-
tleman who presented it desired it, the petition might
be read. . . .
Mr. ADAMS asked for the reading of the petition.
The Clerk read it accordingly; and it appeared to
be a long argument against the continuance of any
laws sanctioning slavery in the District of Columbia,
and to pray for a revision of such laws.
Mr. W. HUNT moved that the petition and report
be laid upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL said that would be a recep-
tion by the House, and he hoped it would not pre-
vail.
Mr. ADAMS replied, that the petition had been
received.
The SPEAKER said the question was not de-
batable. The question was on the motion of the
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hunt.]
The question was put, but the Speaker was not
able to decide.
Mr. CAMPBELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
After some observations from Mr. ADAMS and
others,
Mr. CAMPBELL inquired whether, under the
rules, without the adoption of his resolution, such a
petition would not go back to the gentleman who
presented it.
Mr. ADAMS replied, that the petition had been
received, and referred to a committee.
The SPEAKER said all debate was out of order.
He then directed the Clerk to call the roll.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if it was too late to ask
for a division of the question, so that the vote should
be taken first on laying on the table, and next on
the printing; and was answered that it was too late.
The roll was then called, and the result was—yeas
51, nays 118, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Barnard, Beardsley, James Black,
Brodhead, J. Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Cranston, It. D.
Davis, Dickey, Dunlap, Ellis, Florence, Foot, Frick, Gid-
dings, Grinnell, Hardin, Harper, Hubbell, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Kennedy,
Daniel P. King, McClelland, Mcllvainc, Edward J. Mor-
ris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Parmenter, Phoenix, Ramsey,
Charles M. Read, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Severance,
Albert Smith, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
White, Williams, and Wiuthrop—r>l.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Barringer, Belser, Benton. Bid-
lack, E. J. Clack, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier,
Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brmkerhofl', Aaron V. Brown,
Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Gary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Chilton, Clingman. Cobb, Cullom, Dana, John
W.Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Dickinson, Dillingham,'
Douglass, Dromgoole, Elmer, Farlee, Pick]in, Fish, Foster,
French, Gilmer, Byram Green, Grider, Hamlin, Hammet,
Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Hughes, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Preston King. Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard,
Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maclay, McClemand,
McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Murphy, New-
ton, Norris, Owen, Payne, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Emery
D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe,
Miett, Ritter, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Thomas H.
Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, John T.
Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stcenrod, John
Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thomasson, Tib-
baits, Weller, Wentwortli, Whcaton, Wilkins, Woodward,
Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—118.
So the motion was negatived.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the report be printed,
and made the older of the day for this day week,
The SPEAKER observed that the previous ques-
tion had been demanded upon the motion for the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS said he had voted for the proposi-
tion to lay the whole subject upon the table, for the
purpose of avoiding debate.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded, and the question is not debatable.
Mr. ADAMS. Well, sir, I move then that the
report be laid upon the table, without the motion to
print.- I move that the report of the committee be
laid upon the table; and my object in making this
motion is to avoid discussion.
The SPEAKER. The subjcct is not debatable;
and a motion having been just made to lay the sub-
ject on the table, the Chair does not think it is in
order to repeat that motion now.
Mr. ADAMS. It is not the same motion, sir.
The former motion was to lay the report and peti-
tion upon the table, and to print them. My motion
is simply to lay the report upon the table.
The SPEAKER. It was m the power of the gen-
tleman to move a division of the question.
Mr. ADAMS. Well, if the Speaker will sup-
press all debate, I say it is an insult to me; and 
The SPEAKER. 'The gentleman is out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The petition was not pre-
sented by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. CAMPBELL was called to order.
Mr GIDDINGS rose to a question of order; and,
in order to be understood by the House and the
Chair he would state liis point of ordei as distinctly,
paid in as few words, as possible. The petition
which had been read simply prays
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr GIDDINGS. I am proceeding to do so, as
briefly as I can. The petition simply prays a re-
peal of the laws within the District of Columbia
alone, without anythingi which can be construed to
come within the terms ol the 21st rule. It prays for
no abolition of slavery—
Mr. CAMPBELL. Has the gentleman the right
to go on and make an argument upon the
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am not making an-argu-
ment. Iam not going to debate the .question:; I
am only stating the facts of the case. The prayer
of the petition is simply for the repeal of certafo' lAws
within the District of Columbia. It had beeii beforc
the House, and had been considered by the House,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia— j ,
Mr. BELSER desired to make an inquiry; which
was, Vhether the gentleman who presented the peti-
tion had stated to the Chair precisely what the con-
tents of the petition were?
"Order!" "order!"
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would be happy to re-
ply to the gentleman. He had stated precisely what
the petition contained.
The SPEAKER observed that this debate was
altogether irregular; and the gentleman must confine
himself to his point of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he was progressing as fast
as he could.
Mr. BLACK, of Georgia, rose to a question of
order. He would ask that the gentleman be re-
quired to reduce to writing his point of order. He
hoped the Chair would sustain nim in his demand,
for the purpose of preventing argument.
The SPEAKER decided that the gentleman had
no right to require the point of order to be submitr
ted in writing.
Mr. GIDDINGS proceeded to state that, by the
rules of this House, a committee was bound to re§
port upon the prayer of a petition which had been
referred to them; but, in this case, they had set
aside the prayer of the petition, and had given their
views regarding the rules of the House. The sub-
ject of the rules was not referred to them at all; and
this attempt on the part of the committee to change
the order of business was a violation of order.
This was his point of order.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON desired to inquire of the
Chair by what means a petition of tins character
had been imposed upon the House; for it was evident,
he said, that some deception had been practised.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will state, if the Chair please.
I presented this petition some days since, and stated
at the time, in express terms, that there was a long
preamble attached to the petition; but that the
prayer of the petition was simply for a revision of
the laws within this District. _
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON desired to be informed
by the Speaker whether he had had any knowledge
of the true character of the petition? .
The SPEAKER said the Chair had no distinct
recollection of anything which occurred in reference
to this petition. The Chair was not under the inv-
pression, however, that the statement of the gentle-
man warranted the inference that the contents of
the petition would interfere with the rule.
Mr. GIDDINGS observed that, if the gentlemen
from Tennessee had listened to the statement which
he had made to the House upon presenting the pe-
tition, he would have been apprized of its contents;
for he had stated the contents specifically, and he
therefore stood before the House as having dis-
charged his duty. He could not be expected to ana
ears for the gentleman. r
Mr. BLACK called upon the Speaker to enforce
01 Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question, the vote was taken by tellers, and resulted,
83 in the affirmative, and 36 in the negative.
The demand for the previous question being thus
decided in the affirmative, the mam question—which
was upon the adoption of the resolution-was then
put, and the yeas and nays being ordered, were taken
and resulted as follows—yeas 116, nays 60:
t„rBAi£irri.s^^^^
Augustus* A.
r-nlfnm Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dean, Decern,
Dellet ' Dickinson, Dromgoole, Elmer, Farlee, ticklm,
French GUme? Willis Green, Byram Green Hamlm,
Hammett, Haralson, H'B^int^ciS
kins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes James B. Hunt, cnariei
t inTArsoll Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew John, on,
Geo W jones Kennedy. Preston King, • Kirkpatnck, La-
i t d\i ic i no as Lumpkin, McCauslm, Maclaj , Mc-
G^ernand McCo^eilf McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Mu.
Din Newton Norris, Owen, Payne, Peyton, Emeiy D
Pnttpv Pratt Purdv, liathbun, David S. Reid,
Ritter', Russell, St. John, Saunders Senter, Thomas 11,
Q^viYiAtir David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, J*".
1 Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steearod, Stephens,
