134
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbats, Weller, Wentworth, Woodward, and
Yost—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barnard, Brodhead, J. Brown,
Buffington, Carroll, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, G. Davis,
R. D. Davis, Dickey, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, Frick,
Giddings, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hub-
bell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph 11. Ingersoll, Irvin,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Leonard, Mc-
Clelland, Mcllvaine, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris,
Morse, Moseley, Nes, Parmenter, Patterson, Phcenix, Eii-
sha R. Potter, C. M. Read, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Seve-
rance, Albert Smith, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vaameter, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Williams, Wilkins,
Winthrop, and Joseph A. Wright—60.
MILITARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. MILTON BROWN introduced a bill to di-
vide the United States into two military districts;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
REPORT ON THE RULES.
The call for reports having been gone through
"with—
The SPEAKER announced that the first business
in order was the report of the Select Committee on
the Rules, on which the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] had the floor.
Mr. RHETT said he rose for the purpose of dis-
cussing the right of petition, which he had heard de-
scribed as a great inalienable and constitutional
right; and in doing so, he did not suppose that
what he could say, or what could be said by
others, would at all affect the decision of the
House, or prevent the 25th rule from being rescinded.
He had no doubt that it would be rescinded; and
n ot from any hope of saving it, but from a regard
to those members of the Democratic party who had
hitherto acted with Southern members on this ques-
tion, he now rose to vindicate the propriety of their
course, and the constitutionality of their conduct.
He had listened with the utmost attention to the
present debate, to learn what was meant by the right
of petition. He had listened attentively to the gen-
tleman from New York overthe way, [Mr. Beards-
ley,] and he had listened to the gentleman from
North Carolina on his left, [Mr. Clingman,] to
know what they meant by the right of petition
being infringed by the conduct of this House. The
mere right of petition m itself, if it was not to be of
some substantial benefit to the petitioners, was an
absurdity. To suppose that the framers of the
Constitution, if they intended the right of petition to
exist, would leave such a subject in doubt, was a
slander oil their wisdom. Some said that the right
of petition was violated by not receiving the
petition. He asked if the right was violated in re-
ceiving the petition, and then laying it on the table,
without any further action on itf If not, where
then was the use of receiving it at all? What prac-
tical difference was there between refusing to receive
a petition, and the receiving it and laying it on the
table? If they could lay it oil the table without act-
ing on it, and the right of petition consisted in the
simple matter of receiving it, he contended that it
was no right at all; they must go as far as the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Beardsley] contends
for; they must not only receive, but refer, consider,
and report upon it. To talk about a great consti-
utional right being involved in this matter, com-
pelled him to believe that, or that"gentleman must
mean nonsense. If they meant that these petitions
must be received, referred, and reported on,
they were not only in opposition to the princi-
ples of the Constitution, butto the Constitution itself.
The right of petition was not disregarded in the
Constitution. Those who made that instrument
stated it in distinct terms. The first article of the
amendments declared that "Congress should make
no law respecting on establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging
the freedom of speech or of the press; or the right
of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
the Governmentfor a redress of grievances." Look-
ing at the various subjects of this amendment,
it would be found that they all regarded the person-
al rights of the people. Take, for instance, the first
clause: "Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting the fiet* ex-
ercise thereof." Here wore personal rights secured;
and so on with the rest—such as the right of bearing
arms in time of peace; the right of the people to be
secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects;
the right of the habeas corpus, &c. These were
all great personal rights of the people, which this
fundamental law declared should not be violated.
Was it not true that, at the time fhe Constitution
was frained, these rights had been violated? Had
there not been impediments in the way of the peo-
ple peaceably assembling, under the laws of Great
Britain, but a short time before? Why, the riot act,
as it was called, passed in the time of George
III, (first passed in the time of Edward IV,
in his minority, and re-enactcd when the house of
Hanover came to the throne of England,) was in
force but a short time before; and look at the terms
of that act. [Here Mr. R. read the act, in sub-
stance, that if more than Swenty persons assembled,
and did not immediately disperse upon the command
of justices of the peace, such contempt should
be felony without benefit of clergy.] Now, here
was a hindrance to the people from peaceably as-
sembling; here was the power given to the justices
of the peace of dispersing them, if more than twen-
ty assembled; and if they did not immediately dis-
perse, they were to be adjudged guilty of felony
without benefit of clergy. Blackstonc, in enume-
rating the powers of the King, enumerated this very
riot act as one of the three principles by which the
crown of Great Britain obtained more power than
the loss of the prerogatives of the Stuarts amounted
to. It was the remembrance of this act, under which
the people could not peaceable assemble to consid-
er and petition for a redress of grievances, which
operated on the minds of the framers of the Consti-
tution; and they determined that this evil, which
then existed and now exists in Great Britain, should
not exist among a free people; and that no law like
this, which gave to the crown one-third of its power,
should ever be passed by Congress. That was
not all the restrictions on their personal rights under
which the people of England then labored and now
labor. They were not only hindered from peace-
.ably assembling, but they were hindered from pe-
tioning. In the time of Charles II, it was en-
acted that no petition for any alteration in church
or state shall be presented unless signed by three
justices of the peace and approved of by the grand
jury of the county; or, if in London, by the lord
mayor. Were not these violations of personal
rights? and were they not incompatible with the
existence of liberty, such as was desired to
exist on this side of the Atlantic? With-
out the privileges taken away by these acts,
how could the people know what their rights were?
According to his view of the Constitution, the de-
sign of our ancestors "was to take away from the
Congress of the United States forever, the power to
pass such acts as the riot act, or the act of Charles
II, which he had just referred to; and his view of
the right of petition was, that it was a great personal
privilege, secured to the people by the Constitution
of the United States. But then gentlemen asked
him, had not the people the right to present petitions
to the Congress of the United States? Certainly they
had. They had the right, and having representatives
in every portion of the Union, the people, after peace-
ably assembling, might present petitions to the
State Governments, to Congress, and to the Presi-
dent of the United States. By their representatives
they had the right to come here and be heard in this
hall. lie would yield to none in the latitude to
which he would extend the right. There ought
to be an entire intercourse between the people
and their representatives ill the halls of Congress.
But it was a very different thing, after the people had
come into that hall, and their petition was offered.
As soon as a member rose oil the floor and offered a
petition, what was it? It was nothing but an in-
cipient act of legislation, not differing from a bill or
resolution. Suppose a member rose with a bill m
his hand to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, and offered it to the House: it went to the
Speaker's table, and was disposed of. Suppose he
presented a resolution on the same subject: it took
the same direction; and so did a petition. Were not
all these incipient acts of legislation5 They wereno
other, though the right of petition was exhausted as
soon as it was presented. If (said Mr. R.) you go
further, and say that the petitioners'will, and not
that of the House, shall prevail, why you give the
petitioners the legislative power.
A petition came here, with 100,000 signatures if
they pleased; it was presented, and then how stood
the matter? Whose judgment was to prevail with
respect to these petitions? Had the petitioners
power overthe action of this House? Did the power
of the petitioners terminate there, or go further? If it
went further, did it not necessarily assume the power
of the House? Did it not assume the whole
power of legislation? If the petitioner could say
"you shall receive," could he not say "you shall
refer," "you shall report?" and could be not also
say "you shall grant?" The principle was settled
in the first stage. The question was, when the pe-
tition came on this floor, who was to judge? These
petitioners, or the rest of the Union, by the legisla-
tive body which it had created? To whom had the
Constitution given the power? "All legislative pow-
ers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of
the United States," was its language. A gentleman
came there and made a legislative motion; he moved
that the Congress of the United States do a certain
act—a legislative act, not a personal act; not a per-
sonal privilege without that hall, but a legislative
act: he proposed a subject for legislation, and he
claimed the power to legislate on it on the spot, by
saying what should be done. And was not that a
usurpation of the powers of the Congress of the
United States, and at war with the Constitution?
If the power of dictation could begin, it could go on.
But was this Government unlimited? He con-
tended that it was limited by the Constitution, and
by the grants of power therein contained, and
by its limitations of power. The Constitution said
that each House might determine the rules of its
proceedings; not its powers, but its rules of proceed-
ing'. That was the grant of power to this House,
and its limitations were legislative. But he went
one step farther, and said that, in the exercise of a
sound discrimination as to its rights and powers, the
House was bound to administer its power so as to
promote the interests of all, and, if possible, the in-
jury of none. The gentleman from North Carolina
'[Mr. Clingman] said the right of petition was like
the right of prayer to the Deity, and that a man
could pray for what he pleased. With deference
to that gentleman, he (Mr. R.) believed that a man
had not the right to pray for what he pleased. God
was infinitely pure, and wise, and just, and good;
and a man could not ask for what he pleased.
Mr. CLINGMAN explained. He said he had
stated that whenever a petitioner honestly believed
he was laboring under grievances wluch could be
removed, he had the light to petition, whether the
prayer was granted or not. With the limitation
wluch he had mentioned—the honest belief of the
petitioner that he was laboring under a grievance,
and that it could be removed—he was of opinion
that the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] would agree with him in the position he
hajd taken, whether the prayer were addressed to
the Ruler of the universe, or to any other power.
Mr. RHETT briefly replied, and then proceeded
with his general argument; but he was only occa-
sionally heard, in consequence of the low tone of
voice in which he frequently spoke, and his address-
ing himself to the part of the Ilouse which was dis-
tant fiom the reporter's desk. He was, however,
understood to insist that, though the petitioners
contended that their petitions were constitutional,
and within the limitation of powers granted to the
Congress, they were, in fact, aimed at slavery in
the States, over which Congress could exercise no
power. He insisted that it was unwise to temporize
on the subject any longer; for it served but to em-
bolden the assailants of Southern institutions. He
believed a spirit of dissatisfaction with this Union
was growing deeper and deeper in some portions of
this Union; but, whatever the consequence might
be, he hoped the South would maintain her integ-
rity. But neither for the Constitution, nor for those
who had gone before them, would they permit
themselves to be degraded, or surrender their rights,
Union or no Union.
Mr. BIDLACK, after some preliminary observa-
tions, said he had listened to the gentleman from
South Carolina with great attention, in the hope
that the gentleman's arguments would determine
him as to the course he should take on the question
before the committee; and lie had risen now for the
purpose of making a public declaration of his opin-
ions, to avoid the necessity of either private or pub-
lic declarations hereafter. It was well known by
those with whom he had the pleasure to act during
the last Congress, that he had uniformly voted in
favor of this restrictive rule; and he would continue
to do so, if he could be convinced that he could
continue to have the approbation of his own con-
science, and if it could have the undivided support of
those who professed to have the most interest in this
question. Whether they had or not, judging from
the shape in which the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Rhett] put it, it was questionable. Some
would be very apt to suppose, from the arguments
of the gentleman from South Carolina, that the
existence of this Republic was to depend on the de-
i cisioti of this question; and he thought the same
