Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO Tlffi CONGRESSIONAL GL06J3.
140
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
selected for revenue, and others left free, or at a low
rate, where the articles selected are consumed chief-
ly but in one section of the country, or by one class of
the community; and when those being necessaries are
not able to be dispensed with?—and thus a dominant
party or section force most of the public burdens on
their opponents? This is not to be tolerated a mo-
ment, even for revenue, on any sound principles of
taxation.
Again: as a revenue measure, it had not yet been
able to meet the wants of the government. Deficien-
cies had already occurred, and been supplied by
loans in a period of profound peace; and the proper
official organ of the government informs us, in his
annual report, that more deficiencies are likely to
occur, both in this and the ensuing year. "Whether
the Secretary of the Treasury was correct or not in
his estimates, (and I know, from experience, there
is no little difficulty, in periods of fluctuation, in
forming accurate opinions as to the. future,) it was
safer for us to take, in the main, the official data.
Certainly the tariff had not yet yielded so much, by
five millions, the la3t year, as some of its friends es-
timated in 1842; and if the large returns from New
York for January were hastily looked to as a guide
for the whole year, the aggregate revenue from cus-
toms would, in 1844, exceed forty millions of dol-
lars—exceeding the previous estimates of the chair-
man near twenty millions.
[Mr. Evans said he disclaimed considering them
a guide for the whole year.]
I think it will be prudent not to consider them so,
or we must anticipate another ruinous revulsion, ere
long. Besides all this, the revenue in different quar-
ters has already so fluctuated under this bill, as to
vary a million or more, sometimes lower and some-
times higher in each, evei since its passage, and
precludes any reliance on its steady operation.
It is a mistake, too, that raising the duties so high
as these are for protection, is likely to raise much
higher the aggregate of revenue than it would be if
none exceeded thirty per cent., when we look to
its tendency to check and reduce importations, and
to encourage smuggling. Their increase during the
last few months, has arisen from the impulses given
to the commerce of the world by opening new mar-
kets, and the low rate of interest for capital to em-
bark in new enterprises, rather than from any ben-
efits to the revenue or business generally, by so high
a tariff.
At the very moment while we are deliberating,
the returns of the receipts from customs in England
the last quarter, also show a considerable rise; and
of the last year, if deducting the revenue on corn
accidentally high in 1842, a larger rise still. But
these results have happened there after a reduction
of the rate of many duties, leading to a larger con-
sumption, showing the reverse of what is argued as
the cause here. But, in truth, the opening of new
markets in Asia, among three or four hundred mil-
lions of people, or near half of the whole human
race, has done much more, both in Europe and
America, to revive business and increase revenue,
than any changes in duties, though the reduction of
them in England has tended to increase both con-
sumption and revenue. There kad been very stri-
king illustrations, in the case of teas and spirits, of
an increase of revenue in the aggregate, after a re-
duction in the rate of duties. (See several instances
in Porter's View.) I will not detain the Senate by
specifying but one, in the case of coffee, which,
in England, on a duty of 50 per cent, less in
1840 than in 1824, had become so much more im-
ported and consumed, as to yield more than double
the amount of revenue. The rise in revenue supposed
to have taken place here in a series of years after
the increased rate of duties in 1816, and in conse-
quence of it, is another error into which the senator
from Maine has fallen, I presume inadvertently;
for the truth is just the reverse, and is a strong proof
that a protective tariff like ours tends often to reduce
the aggregate.
Thus the net revenue from customs in 1817 was
about twenty-six millions and a quarter—which, on
the credit system then in force, had accrued chiefly
on the imposts and tariff in force in 1816. Now,
so far from its rising above that sum under the
higher duties of 1816, or the still higher of 1824, or
even of 1828, it had, in 1818, fallen to about seven-
teen millions; and had never again equalled twenty-
six millions till 1832; and then had become larger,
not by means of more natural business and of high-
er duties, but by much larger imports, artificially
swollen, to bring home the proceeds of State loans
abroad.
[Messrs. Evans and Huntington asked from
what source Mr. W. derived his data as to the du-
ties, since the documents appended to the last report
of the Secretary of the Treasury did not give like
amounts.]
X quote from the official receipts and expen-
ditures, published in 1842, page 242; and, if the
two differ in some details, they both agree in the
general results I have stated. And as to the in-
crease of imports, and consequently revenue, by
means of the State debts, Mr, Gallatin and others
had computed that, during eight or ten years,
after adding seven and a half millions annually for
profits, freights, &c., on the exports, the aggregate
of imports, over and above that, had been near one
hundred and thirty millions, or the estimated
amount of State loans effected abroad within that
period. If we looked to naked figures, without ex-
amining into causes, and extending research over
several years, we were likely to be constantly mis-
led; but, looking to causes, all became consistent
and reconcileable with sound principles.
For these reasons, without specifying others, the
present tariff is exceedingly defective in its charac-
ter as a revenue measure, and ought to be amended.
But there aie other and more particular reasons
against its operations on the community—whether
regarded as directly protective or fiscal—which re-
quire its whole form and substance to be modified,
and for which it contains no redeeming qualities suf-
ficient to reconcile us to its continuance.
It is so framed as, in fact, to impose a heavy bur-
den on large classes and sections of the country, and
thus to operate in favor of small classes and sec-
tions, rather than for the treasury, or the whole peo-
ple, as a whole.
Let us look to the evidence of this. Its average
rate of duties was so near 40 per cent., that, for
convenience in computation, that rate might be used.
Now, sir, calculating that under it we import and
consume only thirty millions of foreign merchandise,
similar to what is manufactured here, the tax on
that would be twelve millions of dollars; whereas a
revenue duty on it of 20 per cent., for the benefit of
the treasury, would amount to only six millions;
and the other six are paid for the benefit and protec-
tion of the domestic rival manufactures.
In the next place, as this tax of forty per cent,
usually enhances the price of the articles to that
extent, these similar domestic manufactures are
raised also in price in a like proportion. This must
be the case, or a higher tariff would be of no use to
the makers of those articles. Now, those similar do-
mestic manufactures, made and consumed in this
country, equal in value annually about two hundred
millions .of dollars Forty percent, on that is eighty
millions; but as half of it would be gained by an in-
cidental and necessary, equal and proper protection
from a 20 per cent, revenue tariff, the only addition
to the public burdens, by the partial and high dis-
criminations, is forty millions—making, with the
other six, about forty-six millions laid yearly to
the benefit of the manufacturing classes. As those
classes constitute only one-eleventh of our whole
population, ten-elevenths of the sum is paid by oth-
er classes for the benefit of merely that one-eleventh.
This is a monstrous burden imposed on the others,
higher than aH their other taxes, both to the State
and general governments, without computing prof-
its on it by wholesale dealers and retailers. If this
money was carried out of the country yearly, that
circumstance would much impoverish it; but being
only a tribute on some here for the benefit of oth-
eis here, the money remains within our limits, but
still it is deliberately fleeced from some and trans-
ferred to others.
If those others, in such favorite occupations, do
not thereby grow so wealthy and powerful as some
suppose, it is not for the want of protection en ough,
but, as will hereafter be explained, from the fluctua-
tions in their business, caused by these same high
profits, and the frequent changes in machinery, and
the losses by abortive experiments, or the want of
skill in the management, by some persons and in
some places, comparatively inexperienced.
Now, could such a system, so unequal and anti-
republican as this, and so oppressive to ten-elev-
enths of the people, stand a single hour if the facts
were accurately understood? No, sir, no. But the
fallacy is widely circulated, that the increased duty,
rather than enhancing the price of articles, reduces
it; and when that paradox does not gain full faith
from its contradictions to experience and common
sense, as well as theoretical reason, it is urged that
the apparent beneficiaries of the tax are not alone ag-
grandized by it; but the whole country made more
prosperous, and better able to pay enhanced dutie3
and prices.
Let us scrutinize this delusion a little. That
higher duties make prices lower, is, in the philosophy
of the American system, the elephant on which
stands their wholeglobe. It is entirely adiscovery,
not to say invention of its supporters. Abroad, the
idea is deemed preposterous. It is a matter ofcourse
in general principles; and Adam Smith, Ricardo,
Huskisson, McCulloch, Tooke, and many others,
make their calculation^, that an enhanced duty
augments the price just as naturally as that higher
rents, or wages, or interest, tend to make an article
cost more; just as naturally as more fuel added in-
creases the fire—more rain raises the streams.
Franklin, in this country, as we have already
seen, says that high duties on the importation en-
ables the manufacturer to tax the home consumer by
greater pices. He could draw lightning from the
clouds, but he could, with all his ingenuity and
skill, draw no other corrclusion than this from high
duties. It may be sometimes true, as an exception,
that in a glut of the market the importer may not
be able to sell at an enhanced price, and must then
sell at a loss, if atall. Every one can see, however,
that this is only temporary and occasional. For a
new high duty, which, as the senator from Maine
supposes, may at first raise prices, and thus check
sales, will, if they afterwards fall, from the market
being overstocked, bring them at once up again as
soon as the supply is less and the manufacture
less, as is usual after such a glut. This brief fall in
price, too, whenever it happens, will, for a like
reason, cause a corresponding fall in the price of the
agricultural production to be exchanged for the
manufacture; and, in that case, it will require no
prophet to forsee that such a fall injures, in its con-
sequences, rather than benefits the producer. The
action of everybody in daily life contradicts the
whole position on the other side, that, as a general
principle, prices are permanently reduced by higher
duties; or why do persons, after high duties, smug-
gle? If they make the prices here lower, the
smuggling would be the other way. Why, also,
are our tables loaded with memorials asking for
drawbacks or to remit duties on railroad iron, if they
make its price lowei5 Why do nations ever letali-
ate against others by imposing higher duties, if it
makes their articles lower, and hence more in de-
mand for consumption? Indeed, why do the manu-
facturers themselves ask for higher duties on the
manufactured articles, if the price is not thereby in-
creased? And why ask for low duties, or entire
freedom to the raw material, if it be not thereby
made lower? (See table No. 4.) And why oppose
a reduction, as now, if that reduction would not tend
to reduce prices' What, sir! have we not the reso-
lution of the liigh-tariff legislature of Vermont, just
offered here, to continue the present high duties on
wool? And why is this, except that, in their opin-
ion, frankly admitted, the price of that great staple
with them has been thereby enhanced'. The whole
misconception, beyond the slight temporary excep-
tions before allude'd to, appeared to arise from what
undoubtedly was a fact ill this country, that most
manufactured articles had fallen throiighout the
world since high duties had begun to be imposed,
in 1816. But, in the first place, a fall in many of
these commenced before 1816; in the next place,
every sequence was not a consequence; everything
after an event did not happen on account of it, or
we might attribute this fall to the war of 1812, or the
gneat eclipse of 1806, as the fall had occurred after
both. In cases like these, we must probe to the bot-
tom and eviscerate the true causes and conse-
quences of events, and not virtually take up the ir-
rational. if not absurd idea, that high national taxes
of any kind are a blessing, any more than that
a great national debt is a national blessing.
It was, on some accounts, perhaps, unfortunate that
this notion had not been disco\ered earlier, when
our fathers considered themselves so much oppressed
by a higher tax on tea, and when the French so
grievously complained and rebelled against the,gabeUe,
or high salt tax—none of them being so long sighted
then as to dream that the prices were thereby re-
duced. But seriously, Mr. President, if any stili
doubt on this subject, let them look a little into the
cautious and well-considered work on prices, which
I hold in my hand, by Tooke, (edition of 1838,)
not swollen with loose theories, but faets—record-
ed and authentic facts-—giving the history and causes
of the fluctuations in prices in England during the
test half century. It never entered his imagination
