Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate
both bread and clothing, as well as all other mate-
rials, each from the places where they can, in the
present state of society, and without forced means,
be made cheapest. Then, God's bounties in every
climate and stage of improvement in society, will,
by commerce, become interchanged and universally
diffused; and the whole human family be blessed,
rather than oppressed, by each other's advantages
and excellences.
Proceed, then, and lower the highest duties here,
and the revenue would still be sufficient; and, other
things remaining unchanged, the laborer, as well, as
producer, will be able to consume not only as much
more as the differencee of duty wsuld buy, but indus-
try and the prices of his own products will be so
increased to the producer that he will be able to
buy much more. A most memorable instance of a
change in this respect occurred in the case of coffee
in England, of which, under a high duty of 2s. 6d.
per lb., in 1824, when foreign, and Is. when colo-
nial, but 8,262,943 lbs. were consumed. But the
duties being then reduced one-half, the consumption,
from that and other causes, increased, by 1840, to
28,664,336 lbs. [Mr. Evans here asked if England
produced any coffee; to which Mr. Woodbury re-
plied, that she produced some in her colonies, as
well as sugar.] It is a remarkable fact, that,
the duties remaining high during that same period
en sugar, the consumption of it fell off 377,302 cwt-
Producers are next suffering by not being able,
under high duties, to purchase lands and stock, and
hire labor to the extent they otherwise might, in
order to increase the quantity of their produce. It
is also certain, that, under this system, produce is
likely to sell for less, because their markets abroad
are exposed to be cut off and diminished much
more than under a system of low duties and lib-
eral reciprocity.
Thus it is that the great agricultural producers
in the South and West feel so deeply the evils of
this system, having little or no remuneration for
them, or relief from them, as the manufacturers
themselves have, and in some respects in the North,
part of those living in their immediate neighbor-
hoods. And if it were not for the low price of
lands in this country, and their virgin richness, and
blessed fertility, the distress and prostration would,
in past years with farmers have been much severer.
Next their markets are thus exposed to become
cramped oi deteriorated, under retaliations; and the
great principle of trade is acknowledged now by
rnostpeople, as laid down by Franklin, that commerce
must, in order to flourish durably, consist of mutual
exchanges. Writing to a French gentleman, he
says: (vol. 5, p. 369)
"We are much pleased with the disposition of
your government to favor our commerce, manifested
m the late reglement. You appear to be possessed of a
truth which few governments are possessed of—that
A must take some of B's produce; otherwise B will
not be able to pay for what he would take of A."
The evil operation, naturally attendant on a high
and discriminating tariff, to injure all markets abroad,
is one which presses hard on the friends of such a
system. And hence it is a favorite ground assumed
by them, that the foreign markets are of trifling
consequence to the producer, compared with the
domestic or home market, and that they but little
affect his prices; and that their system furnishes a
demand so much better for all produced, as to atone
for the loss of all markets abroad.
Now, sir, as these positions are deemed by their
authors great pillars to support the protective sys-
tem, I' will ask your indulgence a short time
in order to expose how utterly unfounded they are
on the real facts applicable to them; and to show
afterwards the further evils of this system to naviga-
tion and the fisheries, and even to sound manufac-
turing industry, no less than to the great classes of
consumers and producers so as to be entirely una-
toned for by any benefits really resulting from it.
[Mr. W. commenced his remarks as to its effect on
our markets, but gave way, at the request of his
friends, to an adjournment. The next day, after
some explanations, which are inserted in their ap-
propriated places, lie proceeded.]
In pursuing this discussion further, Mr. Presi-
dent, in the manner I have proposed, I would be
trespassing uselessly on the patience of the Senate,
ifmy best endeavors were not exerted to elicit truth
—I would try to settle contradictory opinions
as to some facts, by a fuller and more dispas-
sionate consideration of them—and, if possible,
reconcile a majority to such changes m the existing
tariff as are, in painful sincerity, believed by me to
be necessary for the preservation of sound principles
in taxation, equal justice to all, and the prosperity
and peace of the country.
The idea that our foreign markets had not im-
proved under the lowering duties from 1832 to
1842, compared with what they were the ten years
previous, under higher rates, was very erroneous.
The value of domestic produce exported in 1822,
was $49,874,079, and in 1832, but $63,137,470, or
an increase of only about 25 per cent., while, in
1842, the value was $92,969,996, or an increase of
near 50 per cent. If the aggregate of these exports,
in all the first ten years, was compared with that of
the last, the increase in the last over the first would be
near 100 per cent. Some had supposed that this in-
crease had been confine.d to southern staples alone;
but while cotton had augmented, rice and tobacco
had bSen nearly stationary; and the great staples of
the West and Middle States, and North, not con-
sumed by the South while making the cotton, and
thus obtaining a larger and better market through the
cotton raised and sent abroad, such as the exports of
breadstuff's, pork, lard, beef, butter and cheese, lum-
ber, lead, and even of manufactures, have augmented.
Indeed almost the whole of the fourteen and
a half millions of pounds of lead we now send
to foreign markets have sprang up within the last
ten years; and, as shown in the table before me,
even within the last three, our exports of beef
have, trebled. So of pork and lard, and also of but-
ter and cheese. (Table No. 12.)
Again: An impression had, by some, been sedu-
lously inculcated, that England took little or nothing
of our domestic products for herself and her depen-
dencies, and therefore we ought, in retalation, to
tax high her manufactures. I am not the apologist
of either England or France in their ancient com-
mercial policy, in some respects, towards this coun-
try. But it is due to historical truth and justice to
admit that, of late years, they take large portions of
our surplus produce, being our two greatest markets
in the world.
In respect to England, when buying our produc-
tions which are not luxuries—like tobacco, standing
on a peculiar and different basis—she takes them on
duties not usually so high as our own, and recently
under several reductions, which we had very illy re-
ciprocated by the present higher tariff. Let us test
this by evidence; for I ask nothing on naked asser-
tion. I hold in my hand statements of our exports
of domestic produce to England and her dependen-
cies in 1822, 1832, and 1842.—(Table 13.)
They increased about 24 per cent, in the first pe-
riod, but over 40 per cent, in the last one; and they
considerably exceed one-half of all our exports-of
that kind to all quarters of the globe. Is this nothing
as a growing advantage, by way of market, to all our
producers, and to be encouraged by reciprocal liberal-
ity? especially when we recall to mind the further fact,
that she takes even more of us, yearly, than we do
of her, to the extent of four or five millions of dol-
lars. Is not this such a favorable balance of trade to
us, and such a large market—more than all the rest
of the world—as to deserve some little regard and
conciliatory spirit? Yet the policy of much of the
existing tariff is, on the contrary, almost vindictive
towards her chief productions. Again, as shown
by my friend before me, [Mr. McDuffie,] she takes
of our cotton over $30,000,000 a year—nigh two-
thirds of the whole amount exported—our greatest
article sent abroad; and in which not South Carolina
alone is interested, (as many affect to suppose,) but
still more, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, with
parts of North Carolina, Louisiana, Tennessee, and
Arkansas, as well as, indirectly, every other State
which furnishes to them supplies, agricultural or
manufactured.
Beside this, and more than one fifth of our rice
exported, she takes over one-third of the tobacco;
and has always been one of our largest customers
for both; thus presenting, in spite of her large duties
on the last as a luxury, one of the best markets for
the great production of still other States, including
Maryland, Virginia, Ohio, and Missouri. But it is
often alleged, that she takes little that is the pro-
duce of the free States; and particularly of bread-
stuffs, pork, beef, &.c, more directly interesting to
the central States, those beyond the Alleghanies,
and the agriculture, fisheries, and manufactures of
the East. Fortunately, sir, when we take the trouble
to scrutinize the official documents, this delusion be-
comes entirely dispelled.
In 1822, when we sent to England and her depen-
dencies not one-third of all our exports of flour,
wheat, corn, and other breadstuff's, her harsh system
of corn laws had recently been adopted on the same
high protective system m favor of her agriculture,
which we ourselves have so indiscreetly introduced
in the present tariff, to aid our manufactures. But,
notwithstanding the just complaints against that sys-
tem, our intercourse through her neighboring colo-
nies, from which the duty is lower, and our proxim-
ity to her West India islands, gradually enabled us
to send to her and her dependencies, at a profit, over
one-half of all those exports; and by 1842, over two-
thirds of the whole; and equalling in value fifty per
cent, more than all the tobacco and rice sent to them.
In fine, she takes largely of our beef, pork, and
dairy; also of the products of our forest and the ocean,
and even of the factory, as well as of raw cotton and
grain. And her increased and increasing demands
for most of these, if not repulsed and thwarted by
high tariffs, rendered this consideration a momentous
one not only to the South, but to all the grain grow-
ing States, whether on the Atlantic, or on the rivers
and lakes of the mighty West, and gave it an inter-
est to every farmer, and fisherman, and many a me-
chanic, in the valleys and on the hill-tops, oil the sea-
shores and in the villages of the busy North. Without
dwelling too long on details, the value of beef now
taken bv her is double what it was in 1822; the pork
and lard near two hundred per cent, more; ana the
butter and cheese near six times as much. AVhile,
from our forests, she purchases near one-fourth of
what wc export in lumber, and six-sevenths of all
our tar and other naval stores.
[Mr. Benton. Please to repeat that.]
Yes, sir. She takes quite six-sevenths of all
our naval stores exported; and, though that is
important to your native State, (North Caroli-
na,) another fact is becoming still more import-
ant to the State of your adoption—to Missouri—
and also to Illinois, that, instead of now importing
most of our lead from England, we supply from our
own mines, on account of their natural fertility, and
not by hot-bed protection, fustly our own great,
wants, and next send it across the equator—double,
with it, both the Cape of Good Hope and Capo
Horn, and supply China, as well as the Sandwich
islands of the Pacific; and last, but not least, send to
England herself near one-sixth of the whole we now
export, while in 1822 she took not a pound, and in
1832 but $22 worth.
From our fisheries she takes, also, half the sperm
oil we export, instead of nothing in 1822, and but a
pittance in 1832. But let me ask the gentleman on
the other side, if even the manufacturers would he
quite as well situated as to a market for their eight
ormne millions of exports, if England and her de-
pendencies were not open to many of them? She
has admitted even our cotton manufactures into In-
dia, and some of them were used to help to clothe
the very troops that marched to Affghanstan. She
takes an increasing quantity of our domestic salt m
Canada; from one to two hundred thousand dollars'
worth of our nails in her West Indies; more and
more of our sperm and tallow candles; a third of a
million of our manufactures from tobacco; and very
considerable proportions of the soap, leather, shoes,
boots, &c. &c., which help to swell the exports-of
our domestic manufactures.
But not to be tedious on this point, mark the con-
trast also in the present rate of her duties on many
of these articles. On the greatest (cotton) only 7i
per cent.; on lard, only 7 per cent.; on wheat into
Canada, only 7 cents per bushel; on beef and pork,
but 2 cents a pound; and cheese, but 2| cents. This
will not be much over 20 per cent, on the whole of
them, and some calculators have been enabled to push
her average duties higher on articles which we raise,
only by including tobacco, which is taxed high there,
as a luxury, and to bear on the rich; and some other
articles, such as spirits and cider, which could not
fairly be taken into the account, we ship so little of
them to England, any more than cotton cloths,
though only taxed 15 per cent.; woollens but 10 per
cent.; linen 15 per cent.; and iron but 8 per cent.
Embracing corn, and their higher duty on our di-
rect export of it to England, the average rate on the.
first class of articles would not rise to 25 per cent.,
as wheat, at the average price there, pays only about
30 or 32 per cent, duty, ranging lower or higher by
a sliding scale, os the pnee there may rise or fell.
To show what great advances she has recently made,
in relaxing her restrictive policy, by reducing her
duties on articles which were high, and many of
which greatly interest us, I have her old and new
tariffs before me, and have placed several instances
in parallel columns for com wiience ia reference^ if
