CONGRESSIONAL (M.OBE.
im
people not only refused to hear him, but provided
for his passage in the stage, and sent him out of the
county. He felt bound, in order that the people of
the South might know the true state of feeling on
the subject of abolition in his section of the coun-
try, to mention another fact, which, under other cir-
cumstances, hte would be unwilling to refer to.
They not only bundled this abolitionist, unheard, out
of the county, but the man who sent for him—a
man of standing and influence in the county was
actually ridden through the streets, at midday, on a
rail.
But, as he said yesterday, this rule, which ena-
bles the abolitionists to come unde.r the cloak of the
sacred right of petition, aided them more effectually
than anything else in making converts.
The abolition lecturers, under the pretence of a
meeting called to hear the right of petition dis-
cussed, lectured on the subject of the abolition of
slavery; and they were, by this means, making many
converts, which they would not otherwise be able
to make; and, unless this pretext was taken from
them by the repeal of the 21st rule, they would con-
tinue to increase the number of their followers. He
always had doubts of the propriety of this rule; and
his doubts extended not only to the merits of it, but
to its expediency, as he told Southern gentlemen at
the last Congress. He would not now, however,
discuss the merits of the question, as to the right of
Congress to adopt thife rule; his only object was to
have the ear of Southern gentlemen as to its ex-
pediency. He voted for it at the last Congress with
some reluctance; but voted for it because he was
appealed to by Southern gentlemen to do so, on the
ground that this was a subject on which they were all
united, and that it was a subject, the agitation of
which was not only endangering their right to the
property secured to them by the Constitution, but
was endangering the safety of those who surrounded
their firesides. These appeals overcame his scru-
ples, both as to the merits of the question and as to
the expediency of the measure; and he voted to sus-
tain the rules as they stood. He had before ob-
served that, in the votes he then gave, he was not
sustained by the united voice of the South; and he
remarked that the subject was kept in agitation, and
the motions of the gentleman from Massachusetts
on the subject were frequently supported, not only
by the casting votes of a Southern Speaker, but by
the casting votes of Southern members. It was
these casting votes by which the subject was kept
in agitation, and the time of the House taken up m
excited and unprofitable discussion.
Mr. "WISE asked the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to permit him to interrupt him for a moment.
He felt called upon to make one remark in relation
to one of the gentleman's observations.
Mr. BIDLACK (looking anxiously at the clock,
his hour having nearly expired) said he would yield
if the gentleman would not speak long, [laughter.]
Mr. WISE said the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania made some remarks which were very just and
very proper. The gentleman had said that North-
ern men, who were willing to stand by and protect
the rights of the South on this question, would con-
tinue to do so in one event that it was made a sine
qui non—a condition precedent—that the Southern
members should be united among themselves. He,
(Mr. W.,) approving of that sentiment—-would ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to state specifically
who from the South had not united on this ques-
tion? He made this request in order that it might
not be supposed that he (Mr. W.) had not united
and voted with the South on this question.
Mr. B1DLACK would return the compliment of
the gentleman from Virginia, by saying that his re-
marks were very sensible and his requests very
reasonable; but he did not know that it would be
parliamentary for him to refer by name to mem-
bers of the last Congress who were members of the
present, and had changed their ground on this sub-
ject. He would, however, remark that the gen-
tleman from Virginia would find that there were
some coming from his own State, Virginia; that
there were others from Kentucky; and that there
were others from Worth Carolina; and the gentle-
, man from Virginia could ascertain who they were
by a reference to the journals of the House.
He (Mr. B.) had hitherto taken a position on the
subject which he was willing to follow up; but the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
had assumed a position here which was a perilous
one to 'Northern men. He was willing to stand up
for the Constitution; he had always been disposed
to stand up for the Constitution; but he thought they
had reason to complain of Southern men on this
subject. So long as he was told, on coming here,
that a great portion of those gentlemen from the
South, who had not united with the other Southern
members on this subject, were left at home, he was
disposed still to adhere to the course he had hitherto
pursued; but he found, though certain gentlemen
had been left at home, other "gentlemen had come
here to supply their places, and give the same kind
of votes. These were facts which here sufficient to
make Northern men stop and examine; that they
might see if, in a doubtful case, they had not the
right to judge for themselves, and to act according
to the dictates of their conscience after such exami-
nation.
After some further remarks, (which were not dis-
tinctly heard,) he proceeded to say, that not only
had they found Southern gentlemen voting against
nvr r r^'^ve rule, but one Southern gentleman
[Mr. Clingman] had made a speech (which by
many was deemed unanswerable) against further
sustaining that rule. Now, for one, he was disposed
to take into consideration whether it was not right
to take that gentleman at his word, and leave to
him the responsibility on this subject; but he would
here remark, that he would now go no farther than
to vote for the recommittal of this report to the
Committee on Rules; as, in that event, one member
could ask, as he had intimated, to be excused from
further service on that committee, and another gen-
tleman could be appointed in his place, and the mat-
ter could be again fully examined; that the commit-
tee might see if they could not make a report on
which moderatejnen could unite, and thereby put
an end to this question, which some politicians
seemed disposed to agitate, though he could not see
that there was any very great exeitement amongst
the people in relation to it, as represented in this
hall. After what he had said, let 110 gentleman
charge him with a disposition to abandon the com-
promises of the Constitution. He was acting un-
der the solemnity of an oath, and with no other mo-
tive than the good of the whole country. He
had made the observations which had now fallen
from him, as he had before observed, to avoid
the necessity of future public declarations of the mo-
tives which had governed him; more especially as he
was disposed to change his mode of action.
Mr. HARALSON asked the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to permit him to make an inquiry
from him. He was desirous to do so, that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania might do justice to the
whole subject. He desired to ask who it was from
the South that had abstained from the support of
the 23d rule; and what members from the South
were ready to abolish that rule, except the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] and
perhaps one or two from Kentucky.
Mr. BIDLACK said he would answer the gen-
tleman. When a motion was made—and no longer
ago than the day before yesterday—to lay this sub-
ject on the table, (and if they had done so, he
thought he was correct in saying that the House
would have continued to act, under the rules as
amended at the commencement of the piesent Con-
gress, with which he was disposed to think they
would have got along very well; at all events, he
should have been content to abide by them; and
these rules contained the restrictive rule,) some
Southern gentlemen were in the majority, and he
(Mr. Bidlack) was in the minority.
Mr. HARALSON was proceeding to make some
observation, when
Mr. BIDLACK remarked that he had but five
minutes of his time remaining; and he hoped the
gentleman from Georgia would allow him to occu-
py it.
Mr. HARALSON said he would only remark
that the question on laying on the table was very
different from a rescinding of the rule.
Mr. BIDLACK said if the gentleman from Geor-
gia was disposed to establish the restrictive rule, it
could have been done by laying this whole subject
on the table. By pursuing that course, the restric-
tive rule would have been re-established.
Mr. E. J. BLACK. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania permit me to say why I did not vote
to lay on the table? I am ready to give my reasons.
Mr, BIDLACK. The gentleman will have an
opportunity hereafter.
Mr. BLACK. I do not know that I shall. I
think I can give a reason that will go home to the
gentleman.
Mr. BIDLACK was unwilling to sacrifice his I
short remaining time; and proceeded to say that they '
came to the position, what should be done? He
said again, you send it to the committee, as proposed
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,]
with the instructions proposed by the gehtletaan
from Georgia, [Mr. Black.] He then made some
remarks which were suggested by the celebrated
Pmckney report, mid spoke until the expiration of
his hour, but he was very indistinctly heard at the
reporter's desk.
Mr. BELSER rose (he said) to address the House
on a question which, as he conceived, was one of
the most important that had been submitted to the
consideration of this Congress. He trusted he
should be able to discuss it deliberately and carefully,
and with a view to the great interests that were
involved in that issue; for, he repeated, it was, in his
opinion, the most important question that had ever
agitated this hall; ana upon its result must depend
the weal or wo of this country. He wished, then,
before he proceeded to discuss it, to state the ques-
tion precisely as he understood it, in order that he
might take a correct view of the matter; for in mat-
ters of this importance, no man could speak properly
unless he understood tire question correctly. He
understood, then, that the Select Committee on the
Rules of this House had introduced a report, from
which the rale was omitted on the subject of aboli-
tion petitions, which was heretofore called the 21st
rule. He understood, also, that there was a propo-
sition made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Dromgogle,] to recommit that report back to the
committee, in order that a more full attendance of
the committee might be had, and another report - be
made. The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Black,]
had gone one step farther, and proposed to instruct
the committee. Now that was just exactly what he
[Mr. Belser] wanted him to do; and to gentlemen
who talked about economizing the time of the
House, he would say, that there was not one mem-
ber on this floor that was not now as well prepared
to vote on this vitally interesting and impor-
tant question as he would be when they had
got a report from the committee. The gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] m the
course of his remarks, which he made a few days
ago, seemed tp be of opinion that the correct course
for the South to pursue, was to receive these peti-
tions, and to do nothing more with them. Why,
this House had already attempted it, and, in every
manner, shape, and form, it had attempted to get rid
of it for years past; and the course which the gentle-
man suggested would be but to go back to that rem-
edy which had been tried, and found to fail. Now,
he would tell the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina, that, in his opinion, there was but one
plain course to be pursued; and, as a Southern Rep-
resentative on this floor, the question with
him was, rule or no rule. That was his doc-
trine on this subject. If they could not have
constitutional guaranties—if it was once admitted
that these petitioners had the right to come here,
(and if they had the right to bring their petitions
into this hail, they had the right to have them
debated, discussed, and referred to a committee,)
he would say, let us have no rules. Did gentlemen
suppose that abolitionists would be content with
having their petitions brought into this House
and laid upon the table? No: whenever they could
thus triumph, they would next insist upon debate
on this floor 011 these petitions, and a reference of
them to a committee; and, step by step, they of the
South would be driven, like mariners on a tempestu-
ous ocean, without either chart or compass to direct
them. There was but one course for Southern gen-
tlemen to pursue on this question; and that was, "rule
or no iule;" for, from the moment they surrendered
to these people the right to come here with then pe-
titions, from that moment they could place no limi-
tation on their acts.
He contended before this House, and he was
satisfied he should be able to show by author-
ities which could not be controverted on this
floor—by English and American authorities—
that this thing called the right of petition,
which gentlemen held so sacred, existed alone
in their own imaginations. That they might prop-
erly arrive at correct conclusions on this ques-
tion, they must go back to that period when the
Constitution of the United States was formed; they
must look at things as they then stood; they must look
at the mischief, and they must look at the remedy
provided for it. He would here read to the com-
mittee a clause of the Constitution as it now stood,
being article 1 of the amendments to that instru-
ment.
