182
APPENDIX TO TltE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
any senator chooses to examine the matter farther.
(See table 14.)
Perhaps one reason, among others, why the corn
duties have not been more relaxed, is the continued
high discrimination which we still persist in against
manufactured articles such as she produces. And, as
hose duties there are a great engine of wrong and suf-
fering towards starving millions, and help to fill her
almshouses and prisons—leading to barn-burning,
and mobs, and thefts, for vengeance or existence—
there is little doubt that a relaxation there is desirable
to many others, as well as the toiling millions; and
that reciprocal legislation by us, in the spirit of her
last tariff, would help to hasten a further reduction,
and open a much larger vent for our grain and meats,
at enhanced prices. A reciprocal arrangement of
such a character can be effected.by legislation, as
well, if not better, than by treaty. The two coun-
tries are, m truth, fitted to consume largely of each
other's surplus, sold by each (as it is) at cheaper
rates than it can he produced by the other—she sell-
ing her manufactories of cotton cheaper, by ma-
chinery, skill, capital, and low wages; we, our cot-
ton, gram, meats, and other materials, cheaper than
hers, in consequence of a soil costing less and pro-
ducing more, as well as being more lightly taxed.
Nature and circumstances fit us both for mutual in-
terchanges, on mutual low duties, to the mutual ad-
vantage of both, as much as do the tastes and form-
ation of the two sexes suit them for each other's
happiness. She needs, even on the present limited
consumption, near two million quarters of wheat
yearly from abroad. This alone gives a market for
a quantity equal to the sixteen million surplus bush-
els of Ohio; and, if we supplied the whole, though
at the reduced price of $1 25 per bushel, when the
average in England is J] 75, it would be a gain of
near four millions yearly. But the quantity con-
sumed would be greatly increased by a reduction in
the duty and price. The quantity taken beyond
what is now taken, beside great additions to the
meats, might reasonably be estimated at forty or
fifty millions of bushels—a considerable portion of
which we could furnish, as well as the north of Eu-
ripe.
[Mr. ITixtinotom inquired if Mr. W. estimated
our crop of grains at only fifty millions of bushels,
or stated tha (England took two-thirds of it all.]
By no means, sir. The whole crop exceeds five
hundred irnllions of bushels, including all the
grains, and exceeds eighty-four millions of wheat
alone, and England, of course, takes only two-
thirds of all we send abroad. I have not been talk-
ing of a market abroad for all our agricultural pro-
ductions, as those alone equal from six to eight hun-
dred millions of dollars yearly, but of their sur-
plus Those productions—aftei supplying the
wants ot fifteen or sixteen millions of peoule en-
ga°ed in or connected with the production of them,
and three or four millions more connected with < om-
mri'ce and other pursuits—yield a surplus of near
one hundred millions of dollars in value; and, as
that finds abundant and high markets abroad, or
otherwise, it affects the sales and prices of all which
is traitsfened from producers to consumers at home,
and serves to enrich or impoverish the whole coun-
try. The present tariff, I have shown, tends to drive
us from the best foreign liiaikets for the disposal of
those surplus products; to lessen the number of
ihnse markets, as well as their demands, by pro-
voking duties against us which am higher, and more
eon! ariassmg and injurious, by way of retaliation.
It rends to injure us not only in Kuglaml and
h'niike, but in Germany a!.-u, wheie the tariff
usually dots not exceed twenty per cent., and in
Prussia is intended to be kept tlov.il still lower;
and where, as in South America and As,a—i'leat
and growing markets foi many of om productions
 the imposts are light, computed with our own.
Doing all we can by negotiation to correct ine-
qualities against us elseu hei e, let us, then, in the
ut'.e and ledeemnig spirit of morals and sound legis-
lation, piuceed to do right ourselves in respect to the
tariff—to set a good example of i< \com; duties—
iiud then ume wuh (fl'cct, as we may, m England
and fiair j no less than Germany, a leciprocal lib-
erahlv, in all su< h eases as are not now mutual, 01
lire not precluded by a local policy as t.> luxuries.
But it" other nations should not at on<e meet our
reduction in duties, by corresponding ones on then-
part, we shall still, though ill requited by foreigners,
be gamers fiom our own moderation, under the
great principle that all consumers here will, by our
reduction, pay less for what they buy from abroad;
;md the produceis here will be better able to compete
with others in the markets of the whole world, and
will sell more, and will make more money on what
they do sell, as the production of it here, under
lower duties on all they consume, will cost them
less.
The pnly rainbow which now tinges the gloom, is
the hope that the tariff of 1842 may become in this
way mitigated, if not abandoned here, and then
still more abroad, and that improved foreign markets
will be thus encouraged in Europe and South Amer-
.ica, co-operating with the vast one just forced open in
China, under a duty not ranging there, on an average,
so high as twenty per cent.; and through which
alone we may be able to aid more in supplying a
population, equal to half that of the whole human
race, with whatever our mines, or manufactures, or
agriculture can furnish agreeable to their taste or
suitable to their wants.
And what, sir, is offered in reply to all the dan-
gers and losses a perseverance in this system ex-
poses us to in our greatest foreign markets in Eu-
rope' A new atld better home market instead of
them. This is another of the plausible and deluding
positions that reconcile many to the restrictive sys.-
tem; but which cannot stand the test of scrutiny or
facts. There is a charm to the hearts of all, in the
word "home." But do not the articles of comfort and
necessity we procure abroad from all regions, help to
increase the charm of home as well as what we raise
or make nearer? The tea and coffee we drink from
the Indies? the sugar vte eat from Brazil? the clothes,
and salt, and iron we use from Europe? Are they
from all climes not procured by means of our labors
at home, as well as the other articles we buy, that
are made here? But, in an economical or pecuniary
view, it is reiterated, again and again, that the
home market is the best and an ample substitute for
others. Can gentlemen dwell on this, when so vast
a quantity of our productions, consumed at home,
is never sold; but used by those raising or making
tlieni. Think you, that, for the rest which the
producers may desire to exchange or sell, the
home market of one or two millions of people only
connected with manufactures, is as great as that
abroad of near eight hundred millions? circling, as
our commerce docs, with that surplus to every
zone, and every sea' and better and better still
as would become the foreign markets, if we only
encouraged more and more the principles of a freer
trade with them.'Recollcet, too, that the home market
is and always has been first supplied; but still it has
proved, and always will prove, to he utterly insuffi-
cient for all we naise. Instead of being the best
market for our surplus of a hundred millions yearly,
it is mo market at all for it, and, but for the foreign
markets, the whole would perish on our hands. Or
the industry of the country would become so par-
alyzed as not to produce it, and obtain all the ne-
cessaries and comforts it brings back in return, and
showers over every fireside. So far from the home
market being a substitute for the foreign for all
these vast surplus productions, it is filled and glut-
ted, and can Like no more of them befoie they be-
come a surplus. That position, then, is en-
tirely indefensible. Others talk of the near
exchanges in the home market, being much more
profitable to the producer. But how is the fact'
He may, to be sure, quickly exchange a bushel
of wheat with a neighboring manufacturer for a
shovel, eatli valued at a dollar. But if, in the freer
trade and more open market abroad, under a low duty,
the shovel, equally good, could be bought for eighty
cents, taking off half the piesent average 40 per cent,
duty, tint! his wheat sold 20 per cent, higher, or
at a dollar and a fifth, will he not be forty cents
belter under the low duty? And after all the freight
and charges, though equalling half the difference,
if the ullage merchant performs both of these opera-
tions for him, and takes his wheat, and lets him
lune the shove! as'quick as the manufacturer could,
is he not still a gamer of twenty cents on a dollar'
and are not ail the great channels, and means, and
instruments of commerce, at the same time, more
employed and nnigoiated by more freights?
But others may argue, that by means of the re-
strictive system, manufaetuieis will increase so
much fastei than funnels, that the home market for
domestic produce will enlarge so as speedily to con-
sume all the usual surplus, though it will be at a lower
price, probably, and furnishing manufactured fab-
rics at a higher price, as before shown, if a high duty
is continued as necessary to protect them. But
eveiy one who scrutinizes our commercial records,
knows that experience teaches just the reverse of
this. The surplus productions, that the home
market cannot purchase and consume, have in-
creased, rather than diminished, since this restrictive
system was in force. Under it, instead of its be-
coming less necessary to go abroad, it has become
more necessary. In a country with such immense
quantities of fertile land, at low prices, the agri-
cultural productions increase faster, far, than
the manufacturers; and every addition to ot-:r
agricultural population, which is made at the rate
of 4 per cent, yearly, augments, rather than dT-
minishes, the surplus, as each new member of so-
ciety here, instead of being, as in some countries, a
new burden, and eating up a part of what the others
have, or need, becomes a producer, and, ere long,
adds yearly to the common income much more, on
an average, than he consumes. Gentlemen seem
blind to this beautiful and encouraging peculiarity
in our national position, and which should justly
render our country long a real asylum for the
famished of all nations; and they find it difficult to
get rid of European and Asiatic ideas, where agri-
culture is stationary, and every new birth tends to
produce scarcity and suffering. Look at the official
figures in connexion with these supposed facts.
In 1816, by imposing higher duties, we were
assured that an additional and better home
market would speedily be created by an in-
crease in manufactures, and all our surplus
productions would be consumed here, and profita-
bly, and the country become independent of for-
eign markets; and of the pauper labor of Europe.
How has this prediction been verified? So for
from happening, in the next eight years ruin over-
spread the country, and the home market utterly
failed as to our surplus. Again: the duties, in 1824,
were raised still higher, with a promise that the hope
would then be fulfilled, under great additions to our
manufactures. They were said to be on the eve of
taking root. But, in only four short years, again
disappointed in the growth and sufficiency of the
home market, came the higher tariff of 382rc; and
again in 1842, to run another disappointing round,
comes a tariff still higher than that of 1828. In the
meantime, to test, by the actual official figures, how
poorly the home market has grown in a whole
quarter of a century, so as to absorb all or most of
our surplus, it appears that this surplus, now re-
quired to be exported or to rot oil our hands, is
near a hundred per cent, more than it was twenty
yeais ago; and, as before shown, the aggregate of
it, exported during the last ten years, is more than
double what the aggregate was in the previous
ten. Even during the greatest height of the du-
ties, it appears, by the tables used on the other side,
from 1821 to 1832, the period when the duties began to
be reduced, the surplus, instead of being more and
more used up here and purchased in the home mar-
ket, increased from ^43,071,894 to $63,137,470
about 50 per cent.
At this rate of progress in the home market, (taking
off all our surplus,) it would not be effected till
doomsday; and, indeed, would yearly grow wcu'se
and worse, instead of better and better. But
if any senator supposes that it is possible, under
this new and higher tariff, in the face of these
recorded facta, to tempt so many more into manu-
facturing as to augment their demand somewhat
faster and check somewhat the production, what,
in the mean time, is to become ev en of the
reduced surplus and the owners of it, till the
whole: is yearly absoibed? And what but ruin-—
widespread and inevitable rum—must gradually
overshadow and overwhelm the whole of them?
No, sir. Our reason, our experience, our common
sense, when applied to this novel cemdition, show
that, beyond all the home market can take, a surplus
from agriculture will, on the eontiary, grow as our set-
tlements grow; and more and more need foreign mar-
kets, till our people, it'ieinaining free and united, cov-
er the spaces between the Mississippi -ndthe Rocky
mountains, and thence to the Pacific, moving west-
ward as a brand of the Caucassian race to the farthest
limits of the globe. Saying nothing now of Texas
or Canada, this growth m agriculture will never halt
tril a denser population, and older skill, and greater
capital, divert a larger propottion profitably and
natuialiy to such manufactures, as can flourish here
without ai tificial stimulus. Let me entreat gentle-
men not to overlook the.-e unerring indications of
the present utter insufficiency of the home market,
because we happen to do what is so much rehed on
in this debate—consume a hundred thousand bales
of cotton more than we did ten years ago. Can they
forget that we produce probably a million more bales
than we did ten years ago, or as much in all as it
