T^eb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
i53
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
was then estimated was grown in the whole world?
And what is to become of the additional nine
hundred thousand bales beyond all the larger home
market takes, unless it is sent abroad? And do they
not see, by the very last arrivals, that England, in a
single year, has bought and consumed half as much
more of our cotton as the whole wants of our home.
market? Even France consumes 50 per cent, more
of our cotton than all our home market; though, in
1831, the manufacturers themselves estimated that
we then used as much of it as she did. Hence, in
point of fact, the French market alone, beside the
greater increase in England, has far outstripped, ill
its demands and wants of this article, all our boasted
home market.
But if we were generally to compare markets for
raw cotton—the home, and the foreign—when in fact,
it is not a comparison, but a clear gain of all the
foreign ones, what is the result' The foreign took
last year 2,200,000 bales, to only about 300j000
consumed at home—or more titan seven times as
much, and the greater demands of England alone,
are such, that she makes two hundred and fifty
millions worth yearly of cotton fabrics, to our forty-
seven and a half millions—or five hundred per
cent. more.
A senator on the other side has talked of the,
great home market of England for her own manu-
factures, and has held ir up as an example to us.
But does he not know, that after supplying all her
home market, she has a surplus of manufactures, for
which she must and does find other markets in her
foreign possessions or in foreign countries, and large
and numerous ones, or she would not live unprostra-
ted a single year? The exports from two hundred to
two hundred and thirty millions of dollars a year of
surplus manufactures beyond all her home market-
independent of other domestic productions, equal
near $70,000,000 more. All this immense sum would
become lost, the articles valueless, if she did not
find or provide foreign markets for it. This is, in
truth, as to principle, the example that should be
held up for us.
She has negotiated, and colonized, and fought, for
a century or more, to extend the foreign markets, to
consume her products; and, without those markets,
would have continued what she before was, a sec-
ond or third rate power m Europe, or would long
since have sunk under her wais and debt, instead of
being, as she is now, the preponderating power
in the world. Assisted by those markets, she
has been enabled to add not only possession after
possession there, but m Africa and America; and
empire after empire ill Asia and Australia, until her
landed capita] away from home is valued at more
than half its great amount there, and her tributary
population away is more than tenfold the rest; all
of it exceeding one hundred and eighty millions.
Thus, while the annual produce of Great Britain
alone is only about $2,500,000,000, she has one of
near ^4,400,000,000, including her dependencies,
and, while the population of most European coun-
tries consume per head only about, two-thirds ef a
shilling's worth of her manufactures, and we but
seventeen shillings per head, her colonies in Ameri-
ca consume thirty-one and a half shillings'worth
per head; those in the West Indies seventy-two,
and those of British origin m Australia two hundred
and thirty-five, and thus indirectly help much to build
up and sustain her vast industry at home.
What we, too, would have been but for our foreign
markets was forcibly shadowed forth during the em-
bargo of 1808, and the non-intei course m 18B9,and in
a remoter degiee during a part of the war of 1812.
All those measures may have been proper, looking
to high political considerations; but what did the
farmer and shipowner think of the blessings and
excellences of a home market alone during the
period when little was sent abroad? For many
years, beside England and France for large foreign
maiketsfor our greatest staples, what should we
have been without still others? without breaking into
the formerly-prohibited possessions of Spam in
America? with - '.it a moie enlarged intei course with
the vast empire of Brazil? without more extensive
markets ill Germany, and our vessels exporting our
products more and more to remotest Asia and the
isles of the Pacific? Waiving fm tlier illustrations
on this, it could hardly be credited, that the
protective system was so obstinately adhered to,
when it not only tended to injure all foreign mar-
kets, and throw us on the insufficient home me, but
to drive from the ocean much of the ships and
navigators and capital engaged in transporting these
surplus productions to those markets in almost eve-
ry region, and bringing back, in return for them, the
spare comforts and necessaries of every other people.
The injurious influence of this high system of du-
ties on our whole navigation, domestic as well as
foreign, was capable of demonstration. It had of-
ten been boasted of as an antagonist system to that
of foreign trade; and the arguments to justify it had
been not only such as we have been" refuting, but
that the navigating interest, as a whole, would not
suffer, if cut off from abroad, in a considerable de-
gree, because the coasting trade would be so much
more augmented as to make up for all loss in that
which was foreign. A moment's examination, how-
ever, will show the whole of this to be equally delu-
sive with the idea that, by a high tariff, a new and
better home market is substituted for the foreign.
In the first place, the increased duty over 20 per
cent, on the imported hemp, iron, and cordage,
which enter into shin building has been carefully
computed to equal at least five dollars a ton. This,
on our whole tonnage of 2,092,360 tons, would be
an additional tax, as it is repaired and rebuilt, of
§10,461,800. If the whole is renewed in five years,
on an average, the new burden would equal annually
§2,092,900. If gentlemen spread the renewal over
more years, the proportion is only varied. Almost
half of this tax falls on the tonnage engaged in
foreign trade, and the rest on that in the fisheries
and domestic navigation. There is no difference
thus far m favor of the latter; while the former, as
to repairs, can sometimes gain a little advantage
over the latter, by being able to supply sails and
cables abroad not so highly taxed.
To show the force of this new burden more
strongly by an illustration on a smaller scale,
readily comprehended, and coming nearer home to
the business and bosoms of my constituents—take
the tonnage of New Hampshire, which is mostly
confined to fhe one small port of Poitsmouth, whose
population is between seven and eight thousand.
Its foreign tonna e alone, is about 15,000, on which
five dollais increased duties amounts to §75,000;
and which, spread over five years, for such repairs
and renewals as are equal to it.s present value, would
be yearly about two dollars per head for the whole
population of that town. This is as much as all their
other taxes united. But, in the next stage of its evil
opeiation, it falls heavier on the foreign than the do-
mestic trade; for the tonnage in that, costing more
than it otherwise would, cannot afford to carry
freights so low as it otherwise might, and must
chaige higher to the owner of the produce and mer- I
chandise, and thus devolve a part, or all the increased
tax on them, or submit, as it does m most cases, un-
der the competition of vessels from abroad, not so
highly taxed, to carry freights at the old, or a still
lower price. The raiser of the produce might be
pleased to find transportation cheaper, if effected fair-
ly, and ill free and equal competition; but must regret
to see it at the expense of the navigator, and under a
system of vicious legislation, which makes it lower
vntually by discriminating duties against our own
citizens, and m favorof foreigners.
Let our own citizens in honest and useful pur-
suits have, at least, an equal chance with otheis.
No onerous burdens—an open sea, a flowing sail,
and a fair fight, in industry and enterprise, and not
a novel kind of navigation act, made by ourselves,
favorable to foreigners, and hostile to Americans.
The day for gieat exclusive privileges to navigation
had long gone by, as unnecessary, both in tlus'coun-
try and England; and Ciomu ell's famous naviga-
tion act, however extolled by the senator from
Maine, had, in the time, of it and since, been regaid-
ed by many as impolitic, and had virtually been
abandoned in England the last twenty years, in
several important respects. Dutch pude had been
humbled by Blake befoie it passed, and Dutch pros-
perity had been sapped by her wars and high taxes,
rather than by British legislation. It would be idle
for England or this country, or any other power,
ever to expect durably great prosperity by legisla-
tion, however fall of bounties or restrictions, unless
their people are islanders or fishermen, or have
natural facilities in naval stores and harbors for ex-
tensive. commerce.
Our tonnage has seldom been more flourishing, ex-
cept during the calamitous wars of Europe, than
under our low duties most of the tune, from 1830 to
1840. (t increased 95 per cent., while the English,
in that period, our great rivals, increased but 49 per
cent., and the French only 50; while during the last
year, it has declined in quantity, besides being much
less profitable. By the operation of high restric-
tions, the exports, too, are exported to be lessened
through an increased home market. The system has
naturally that tendency, in conformity with its de-
sign, as we have seen in the official returns, by the
exports proving nearly double as much under ten
years of falling duties as ten of high ones. But the
boast by some, that if it cuts off agricultural ex-
ports, it makes and substitutes as many, manufac-
tured ones, has been verified very badly, as while
the former, in ten years, has added "twenty mil-
lions, the latter has added but two or three,
and the cotton manufacture only half a million.
The foreign imports and exports are intended
to be diminished by the very essence of tho sys-
tem. Especially is it aimed at the imports, in-
tending to substitute in their stead domestic prod-
ucts of a like character. Such, too, has been the ef-
fect of it here. When it got into full operation af-
ter 1818, the imports began to fall off; and they
never rose, during the full continuance of the sys-
tem to 1833, so high again as in that year, though
swollen much, from time to time, by the foreign
loans to the States, brought home in merchandise.
Again: under its operation the past year, the im-
ports have fallen, in the aggregate, near eleven mil-
lions, and of the consumable commodities, and such
as pay much freight, over thirty millions; there be-
ing, I understand, near twenty millions of the free
gooels this year in specie over and above the quan-
tity in 1842, and, indeed, over what has been re-ex-
ported this year. Do the navigating interest lose
nothing by this reduced quantity and value of the
imports to be freighted; considering, also, at the
same time, that the whole exports in 1843 have be-
come less, by four to five millions, than in 1842?.
But, while the tonnage engaged h the foreign
trade is undergoing this loss of values to be carried
both ways across the ocean; beside the still greater
loss in reduced prices for freights, the chairman says
the inward freights have, been better. If he means
by that, our ships have brought home a larger por-
tion of all imports than usual, I do not, see anything
in that to indicate improvement; because they being
cutoff, by a high tariff, from bringing home iron,
hemp, &c., as much as usual, have, been glad, rather
than come home in ballast, to take anything at little
profit.
[Mr. E v 4ns said he meant that the price of freights
was higher.]
By no means generally. For where thirty or for-
ty shillings a ton has been got formerly for some
freights fiom Liverpool, it has, [ understand, in cer-
tain cases, in 1843, been brought for eight shillings;
and where a penny per pound has once been got for
cairying law cotton to Europe, half a penny only has
of late been obtained in many cases, and a hundred
vessels are now probably waiting m JNTew Orleans
for freights.
But how fares the coasting trade, which is to be
so greatly promoted by sach a tariff' The owner
of the tonnage in that, whether on the seaboard or
our inland seas and mighty rivers, is, to be sure, pro-
tected from foreign competition. But he must suf-
fer to the whole extent of the increased cost of his
vessel, and carry at the same price for freight as be-
fore; or, if he raises the freight so as to indemnify
himself, will only shift a large burden from his own
shoulders to those-of the producer or consumer, al-
ready so oppressed; and, instead of anybody being
benefited by the high duty except the manufacturer,
an additional tax falls on most if not all others. The
tax, too, reacts sometimes on the hardy ship-build-
er. If his materials cost more and he can sell no
higher, it equals from a million to three fourths a
year on the tonnage built m 1842; and, as the busi-
ness will thus diminish, must extend its baleful in-
fluences to the lumber-mail, the timber grower, and
all the mcchanical trades engaged in ship-building and
repairs. But look a little further at the next step in
its bad consequences.
How is the remuneration for all tins to occur in
the increase of the domestic tonnage? Does that, as
is estimated, have more to carry, and further, than
it did when the foreign trade was larger' So far
from it, all the domestic agricultural produce, which
is sold at New York, Boston, and Providence, is
brought no farthei fiom the West or South, and its
leturns aie carried back no farther than if the addi-
tional consumption, supposed to be caused near
those places had been transported abroad, or the
additional manufacturing products made near, and to
be sent back to the South or West, came from
abroad. But the whole foreign freights of it, and
ail the persons and capital and profits of true Amer-
can origin and character connected therewith, are
frustrated, and the nation paralyzed, not only in on§
