140
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER made some remark, which was
inaudible amidst the confusion that prevailed.
Mr. C. JOHNSON inquired if he understood the
gentleman from Ohio to say that he had objected to
the petition at the time it was presented.
Bar. GIDDINGS said he had merely explained
that the gentleman from Tennessee was one of those
who at that time called for explanation.
Mr. C. JOHNSON remarked that he had under-
stood the gentleman from Ohio otherwise.
Mr. GIDDINGS further explained that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee called on the Chair to know
if the contents of the petition had been stated to the
House at the time it was presented: that interroga-
tory was put to the Chair, and was answered by
himself.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said his impression was, that
when that petition was presented, he objected to it,
and then an explanation was made, which was sat-
isfactory to him; but he now desired to know if the
Speaker himself understood the nature of the peti-
tion; and if so, why he permitted such a paper to be
received by the House.
Mr. McDOWELL inquired if this debate was in
order.
The SPEAKER entered into some explanation,
which were not distinctly heard.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he did not censure any
man for not hearing him in this hall, the confusion
was so universal when he attempted to present peti-
tions there. All he could do, was to say that he
spoke at the top of his voice; he spoke as loud as he
could conveniently, and then he felt that his duty
was discharged. He did so on the occasion refer-
red to; and he should continue to do his duty.
The SPEAKER was putting the question on the
motion to suspend the rules, when
Mr. SCHENCK inquired if it was necessary to
make amotion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER replied that it was neccssary,
as objections had been made.
Mr. GILMER said, to do justice to the gentleman
from Ohio, he would make the inquiry, if it was so
difficult for that gentleman to be heard by the
• House, if there was a single member on that
floor that would rise and say that hq heard him.
At this period the Speaker was informing the
House that this debate was all out of order, and
several gentlemen were addressing the House, while
others were attempting to gain the floor, and much
confusion prevailed.
Mr. DEAN and Mr. SCHENCK both made
observations that were inaudib'e at the reporters
desk.
Mr. GILMER again asked if there was any
gentleman that would rise in his scat and say he
heard the gentleman from Ohio state the contents
of the petition.
Mr. DEAN said he was standing by the member
from Ohio when he presenied that petition 
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that
it was not in order to debate this question.
[Cries of "Hear him."]
Mr. DEAN said he merely intended to say that
he was standing by the gentleman from Ohio when
he presented the petition, and he distinctly under-
stood him to say that the body of the petition refer-
red to the abolition of slavery. He was struck with
the fact at the time; but the gentleman from Ohio
was further understood to say that the prayer of
the petition was for an amclioiation of the condi-
tion of the slaves, or for a revision of the laws
of this District.
Mr. SCHENCK would make an inquiry, with
the permission of the Chair. His motion (that his
colleague have leave to proceed) was not objected to;
and he would inquire whether, under these circum-
stances, a suspension of the rules was necessary.
The SPEAKER said a question of order had
been first raised.
Mr. THOMPSON wished to call, for the infor-
mation of the House 
The SPEAKER intimated that the gentleman
was not in order.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had made the objec-
tion, and, if he withdrew it, there would exist no
necessity to put the motion for the suspension of the
rules; and, if the gentleman from Ohio would state
that his explanation had reference to anything which
had occurred in this House, he would withdraw his
objection. If any incorrect report had gone out
from this House, through the papers, he would not
object to an explanation; for, as he should claim the
1 ight himself, he would willingly extend it to eveiy
other member on that floor. But he would not con-
sent that any individual should occupy the time of
the House with explanations of circumstances
which had transpired out of it.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that what he had said
on presenting the petition was not reported. He
did not mean to assail the reporters of this House
for that, or their intentions; but, ill connexion with
that want of a report—with the suppression of all
report—he was attacked by a writer, who not only
assailed him, but connected him with facts that had
never transpired—which he wished now to explain.
Objections were again made.
Mr. SCHENCK desired, with the permission of
the House, not to make any argument, but to state
what he understood to be the position of things in
relation to the motion which he had made. [Cries
of "No, no, no."]
The SPEAKER said the motion before the House
was to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK was again attempting to explain,
but was informed that he was not in order.
Mr. WINTHROP called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend; and they were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON wished distinctly to know, be-
fore the vote was taken, what explanation the gen-
tleman from Ohio wished to make. Was it that he
might go into a general, or into some particular ex-
planation?
The SPEAKER again reminded the gentleman
that he was not in order.
Mr. BLACK, who was not in his seat when the
motion was made, inquired what explanation the
gentleman from Ohio desired to make. If the gen-
tleman desired to correct any misrepresentation of
his speech, he would vote in favor of the suspen-
sion of the rules; otherwise, he would vote against
the suspension.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have made no motion.
Mr. BLACK, of course, then, I vote in the nega-
tive.
The yeas and nays were then reported—yeas 93,
nays 57, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam?, Ashe, Belser, Bidlack, James
Black, Blackwell, Jacol) Brinkerhoff, Buffington, Campbell,
Gary, Carroll, Catlin, Chilton, Clmgman, Cranston, Cross,
Cullom, Garrett Davis, Richaid I). Davis, Dean, Deberry,
Dickey, Dillingham, Dunlap, h liis, Elmer, Farlee, Florence]
Foot, Foster, trick, Gilmer, Willis Green, Grmnell, Grider'
Hammett, Harper, lloge, Hubbell, Hudson, Washing-ton
Hunt, J. B Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph It. Ingersoll
Jenks. Perley B Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. King'
McCauslen, McDowell, Mcllvame, Marsh, Edward J. Mor-
ris, Moisu, Moseley, Murphy, Nes, Newton, Parmenter,
Patterson, Payne, I'ej ton, Phoenix, Elisha R Potter, Emery
D. Potter, Purdy, Ramsey, Charles M. Head, Ilitter, Rogers,
St. John. Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
Thomas H. Scj mour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Stephens'
Thomasson, Tibbotts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vmton Went-
worth, White, Wilkms, Wlnthiop, William Wrigh', and
Joseph A. Wright—9'2.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Benton, Edward J. Black,
James A. Black, Bower, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown!
Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, t happell, Clinton, Cobb, Dana, Daniel, John \V.
Davis, Dawson, Dellet, Duncan, Ficklm, French, B Green
Hamlin, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston'
Hughes, Cave Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King'
Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, McCler-
nam!, Noiris, Pratt, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Simpson
Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stiles Tay'
lor, Thompson, Wellei, Wlieaton, Woodward, and Yost
—,VT.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the rules
were not suspended.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS.
On motion of Mr. DEAN, the following resolu-
tion was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by law that the election of electors for President
and Vice President of the United States shall be
held on one and the same day throughout the several
States of the Union.
MANUFACTURE OF HEMP.
Oil motion of Mr. HUGHES, the following res-
olution was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be le-
quired to inform this House—
1. How many establishments of a national char-
acter are established for the manufacture of hemp
for the navy, when established, and what the an-
nual cost.
2. What is the quantity of hemp consumed, and
cordage, or canvass, or other manufacture of
hemp, manufactured at each.
3. What is the kind of hemp used, foreign or
domestic, and what the cost of each per ton at each
establishment.
4. What experiments or inquiries (if any) have ,
been made to determine the relative value of foreign
and domestic hemp, and what the result.
• 5. What has been the annual quantity of cordage
manufactured or purchased for the navy within the
last five years, and whether made of foreign or do-
mestic hemp; and also the quantity of canvass re-
quired for the navy within the last five years; how
much thereof domestic, and how much of
foreign manufacture; and also be required to
inform the House whether the joint resolution of
the Senate and House of Representatives, establish-
ing hemp agencies in the States of Kentucky and
Missouri for the purchase of water-rotted hemp,
for the use of the navy, approved February, 1843,
has been carried into effect in part or in whole—if
the former, the reasons for it; and that he also in-
form this House the expenses of cultivating hemp
in this District under the direction of the Secretary
of the Navy; the persons employed, and the price
paid. And also, that the Secretary of the Treasury
be required to inform the House what has been the
annual quantity of foreign hemp, cordage, canvass,
and cotton bagging, for the last five years, distin-
tinguishing the tons, yards, or pounds of each, the
value, and from whence imported, and the quantity
of these re-exported.
FUGITIVES FROM JUSTICE.
Mr. WILKINS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made a report upon the petition of William
Jones, accompanied by a bill to extend to the Dis-
trict of Columbia the provisions of an act, entitled,
"An act respecting fugitives from justice, and per-
sons escaping from the service of their masters," ap-
proved February 12, 1793; and to repeal certain
laws.
Mr. WINTHROP inquired of the Chair, whether
this bill would not interfere with the very rules they
were now discussing; whether the House could, un-
der the rule which" they were now debating, receive
this bill, even from a committee of the House.
The CHAIR was of opinion that the bill might be
received
On motion by Mr. WILKINS, the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, asked and obtained leave to present a
minority report; which was ordered to be printed.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. HOLMES offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury re-
port to this House the amount of moneys received
from the Government of Mexico under the treaty
of indemnity; the amount paid for transporting
the said moneys to the United States; the names of
persons to whom compensation has been paid ; the
amount of moneys transported in the vessels of the
United States navy; and further, that he inform
this House why compensation has been refused to
Commander J. D. Knight for bringing on one of the
instalments of the Mexican indemnity.
SALARIES.
Mr. SIMONS offered the following resolution;
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to furnish to this House a tabular statement
of the salaries and payments made to officers, over-
seers, superintendents, and laborers, designating the
yearly, monthly, and daily salaries or wages of
each; and the price of job work in the several navy
yards and other public works under his department,
during the years 1838, 1839, 1840, 1841, 1842, and
1843.
Mr. HARDIN of Illinois gave notice of a motion
for leave to introduce a bill to authorize the inhabit-
ants of township seventeen, north of range nine, west
of the third principal meridian, in Cass county, Illi-
nois, to exchange their present school section.
Mr. CHAPMAN introduced a bill, supplemental
to an act approved June 28th, 1838, entitled "An act
for the relief of Jehu Hollinsworth, of Blountcoun-
ty, Alabama "
Mr. HUNT rose and said he was not in his place
when the motion was made this morning to suspend
the rules, for the purpose of permitting an explana-
tion to be made by the gentleman from Ohio; but he
understood that that gentleman had called upon him
to state his recollection of what took place on occa-
sion of the presentation of a  «rtain petition; and if it
were the pleasure of the House, he would now make
that statement.
The CHAIR remarked that it would not be in
order at this time.
