' /r "r5" - y=-
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER
•28th Cong 1st Sess.
[Continued from No. 9.]
year as not to exceed the expenditures of the last
year-ending the 31st December, 1843.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the following reso-
lution was agreed to:
THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1844.
Resolved, That the petition and accompanying pa-
pers of Richard M. Sneed, presented at the last ses-
sion of Congress, be taken from the files of the
House and again referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary;' and that said committee be instructed to
mquire into the propriety of granting the relief prayed
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, if was
Resolved, That the memorial and other papers of
Janette Taylor, and other heirs of Commodore John
Paul Jones, presented to the twenty-fourth Congress,
second session, be taken from the files, and be refer-
red to the Committee oil Revolutionary Claims:
Mr. BURT offered the following resolution; which
lies over one day, under the rale:
Resolved, That 2,000 extra copies of Senate docu-
ment No. 210, of the second session twenty-seventh
Congress, being synoptical and comparative tariffs
with all those nations with whom the United States
have conventions, and a comparison of the tariffs of
1816, 1824, 1828, 1832, be printed.
.navy-yard on the ohio.
Mr. FRENCH offered the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Whereas the growing commerce of the West re-
quires the fostering care of the Government:.
Therefore, resolved, That the Committee on Naval
Affairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a navy-yard at some eligible point
on the Ohio or Mississippi rivers, and of connecting
with it the purchase and manufacture of hemp for
the navy.
On motion of Mr. DEBERRY, the following
resolution was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from Ashboro
to Lawrenceville, North Carolina.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail route from Bald-
winsville, in the county of Onondaga, to Wolcott,
in the county of Wayne, in the State of New York.
the tariff.
Mr. CALDWELL offered the following resolu-
tion: which lies over one day, under the the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire, as soon as practica-
ble, into the expediency of so modifying the
present tariff of duties on imports as to provide,
together with the other resources of the treasury,
a revenue sufficient for, and limited to the wants of
an economical administration of the General Gov-
ernment, with such discrimination as will dispense
the benefits and impose the burdens of Government
equally upon all classes, and upon the principle
that will tax, as far as practicable, the property and
not the people of the nation.
Mr. LYON offered the fil'owing; rero'uth n; which
hfs over for one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai< be requested
to furnish this House with oopie.-s of the plats, sur-
veys, and estimate* of the Engineer Department,
Tj7Hioli have been made by that'department, with a
wew to the improvement of the harbors at the
mouths of the Kalamazoo and Grand rivers, in the
State of Michigan.
pension acetfcv,
The following resolution, afieyed hy Mr. TIB-
batts, lies ove? one day:
iuicr
^^Hprr
^uce
authorizing' the fctecrctary
- wfe&Lthe names of any pensioners resident in the
of Kentucky to be on their appli-
tion, from the agencies in Kentucky to the agency in
Cincinnati, Ohio. '
Mr. LYON gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, ask leave to introduce a bill to give the consent
of Congress to the sale or other disposition of certain
salt spring lands heretofore granted to the State of
Michigan.
Mr. G. A. CALDWELL gave notice that, to-
hrow, or some subsequent day, he would intro-
Euce a bill for the relief of Eaton Nance.
On motion of Mr. LYON, it was
Resolved, That the memorial from the citizens of
the city of Detroit, relative to the construction of a
canal around the rapids of the St. Mary's river, near
the foot of Lake Superior, which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals on the inst., be
printed for the use of this House.
On motion of Mr. SIMONS,
Resolved, That the lithographing, engraving*, or
printing of maps for the House, shall not include
any expense, nor authorize any payment, for the
coloring of such maps, unless specially ordered.
Mr. HITBAR0 moved the following resolution;
which was read, and laid upon the table one day,
under the rule, to wit:
^ Resolved^ That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House the amount of duties
received on imported salt; also, the quantity import-
ed, the probable cost of collecting the duties, ana the
probable force required in the several custom-houses
to collect said duties; also, that he report the amount
allowed for drawbacks and fishing bounties, and the
amount of net revenue derived from the salt tax go-
ing into the treasury for the support of Govern-
ment.
Mr. McILVAINE offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and debate arising thereon, it
was laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to report to this House the names and number of the
graduates of the West Point Academy in each year,
for the last ten years; what number of the said grad-
uates passed into the service of the United States,
stating which branch of the service; whether any of
those so entered into the service of the United States
have resigned, and the date of such resignation; also,
whether the persons so resigning were under orders
from the department for active service, and the date
of such orders.
On motion of Mr. J. W. DAVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill to appropriate the refuse of the public
lands in Shawneetown and Palestine districts, and so
much of the refuse land in the Yincennes district as
lies in the counties of Vigo, Sullivan, and Knox, to
the purpose of improving the navigation of the Wa-
bash river, and appropriating the balance of the ref-
use lands in the Vincennes district to assist In-
diana in completing the Wabash and Erie canal to
the Ohio river.
On motion of Mr. OWEN,
Resolved, That the memorial of Robert Grcenhow,
on the subject of the discovery and title of the Ore-
gon Territory, heretofore reported to the Senate and
published for that body, he printed for the ure of
UiW House.
On motion of Mr. W J. BROWN,
Reached, That iho Commi'te^ on the Po<-t OfFuv
and Post Road.-' be iuqtructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a weoldv mail mute finm
'"Columlmr, in Baithoiomew comity, to Westport, in
Decatur conniy, Indiana.
WABASH AND ERTE CANAL.
Mr. JOSKPH A. WRIGHT gave notice that, on
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, he would ask
t?ave to introduce the following bill:
A bill to confirm to the State of Indiana certain lands
selected by her for thai portion of the Wabash and
Erit* canal -which lira between the month of the
mouth of thn Tippecanoe river and Torre Haute,
amendatory of the act of Congress approved Febru-
ary £7, I8415 and for other purposes.
■ V :
, Volume
Mr. wentwofeth submitted -the following
resolution; which Was cousidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to furnish this House with astatement of
the amount of hospital money-paid fey the officers
and seamen in the merchant service oh Lakes Erie,
Michigan, and Ontario, and intervening watery; fit
w#at custom-house paid, and how it has been ex-
pended; and what amount is still uneXppndetl.
Mr. HARDIN moved the following resolution;
which was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill for the survey of a branch of the
Cumberland road, from Terre Haute through
Springfield, the present seat of government of the
State of Illinois, to Iowa city, the seat of govern-
ment of Iowa Territory, along the most direct and
eligible route; and, also, to inquire what, if any,
roads should be constructed in each of the States at
the expense of the General Government
On motion of Mr. FICKLIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
inquire into the expediency of so amending the ex-
isting laws regulating the sales of the public lands
as that the remaining forty acres of land may be en-
tered by the person who has previously entered for-
ty acres of any eighty acre tract of land belonging
to the United States; and that they inquire into the
expediency of granting liberal pre-emption rights to
persons making improvements on the public lands
m the large prairies; and that the length of time be
graduated by the distance that each impfovement
may be situated from the nearest timber.
Also, that they inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a permanent pre-emption law to the actu-
al settler, so guarded as to prevent the speculator
from receiving the benefits thereof.
And, also, that they inquire into the expediency
of graduating the price of the public lands in pro-
portion to the length of time that said lands' have
been in market.
Mr BELSER submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Whereas the people of the southeastern part of
Alabama are now put to great inconvenience and
much expense from their remoteness from the nearest
point in which the district court of the United States
is held in our State, be it therefore
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of forming another
district for the said circuit court of the United States,
embracing the southeastern point of the said State
of Alabama; and also of fixing the place of holding
said court in the city of Montgomery.
On motion by McCONNELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of
changing the direction of the great western mail
road, terminating at Madison, (the terminus of the
western railroad,) in the State of Georgia, so as to
run by Covington, McDonough, Griffin, Greenville,
Le Grande, West Point, in the State of Georgia;
thence by Lafayette, Dadeville, Tallassee, to We-
tumpka, m the State of Alabama; with leave to re-
port by bill or otherwise.
On motion by Mr. McC0NNKLL,
Eff.oh-ed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing tiie President of the United States, under
the provisions of the last Creek treaty, to sell to the
highest bidder, at public auction, the residue of
Creek reservations under said treaty, known as dead
Indian reservations—the proceeds of said sale to be
deposited in the treasury of the United States, until
claimed by the legal heirs of said Indian reservees;
with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
On motion by Mr. REID of North Carolina,
Resolved, That the Committee, of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
Ephraim Hough, of Surry county, North Carolina,
a sum of money tine him for the transportation of
the, mail; which sum he lost in consequence of the
mode in which the Post Office Department directecj
the paymenrta be ma$e: agreed to.
