146
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
On motion by Mr. NEWTON,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire and report to this
House whether the notes lately issued by the Treas-
ury Department, bearing a nominal interest, and
"convertible into coin on demand," and now form-
ing part of the circulating medium of the country,
are authorized by the existing laws and Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. LEVY said it was his duty to call upon the
House for further action upon a subject he had
hoped was fully provided for by the legislation of
the last Congress: he alluded to claims for horses
lost in the military service of Florida. By the last
act upon the subject, there was a limitation of two
years affixed to these claims. Now, his constituents
had a large amount of these claims lying in the of-
fice of the Third Auditor, upon which he had found
it impossible to obtain any action, although he has
continually and earnestly urged it. Some of these
cases were presented two or three years ago,
and presently the claimants will be told that the law
has expired, and their claim is barred—he under-
stood, at the office of the Third Auditor, that the de-
lay was owing to the want of time. "Whatever might
be the cause, the effect was injustice and outrage to
his constituents' rights; and he therefore felt con-
strained to move here upon the subject.
Mr. L. then offefed the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of re-
ferring the action upon claims for horses lost in the
service of the United States to some other tribunal
than as at present provided; and to report by bill or
otherwise.
On the motion of Mr. BARNARD, after a brief
conversation, in which Messrs. OWEN, WIN-
THROP, HOLMES, WENTWORTH, JOS. R.
INGERSOLL, CHAS. J. INGERSOLL, WEL-
LER, and others, took part, the vote was recon-
sidered by which a resolution presented by Mr.
Owen was agreed to, arresting the printing of cer-
tain documents in relation to the Oregon Territory.
Mr. A. C. DODGE offered the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of amend-
ing the act of the 26th of May, 1824, entitled "an
act granting to the counties or parishes of each State
and Territory in which the public lands are situated,
the right of pre-emption to quarter sections of land
for seats of justice within the same;" so as to allow
to the said counties or parishes the privilege to en-
ter, at their option, either a square quarter section,
or the quantity of 160 acres, in any contiguous legal
subdivisions.
By Mr. McCLERNAND:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to tl^is House, at as early a day
as practicable, a tabular'statement of the quantity of
lands in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Michigan, and Arkansas,
which have been surveyed; also, the quantity un-
surveyed; also, the quantity sold by the Govern-
ment in those States; also, the quantity granted for
various purposes; also, the quantity unsold, inclu-
ding lands unsurveyed, and the amounts of money
received for lands unsold.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
further directed to report to tins House an estimate
of the probable expense incident to the management
of the public lands yet remaining to be sold in said
States, if the present land system should be continu-
ed, based on data derived from its past operation—
under the following heads:
1st. For the extinguishment of Indian titles.
2d. For surveying and selling lands, including
the expenses of the several land offices.
3d. For grants and donations, except every six-
eenth section for school purposes, based on the ac-
tual quantity heretofore granted, estimated at §1 25
per acre, and on the supposition that the grants and
donations will be as great hereafter, m proportion to
the quantity of land to be sold, as they have been
for the quantity already sold.
4th. For internal improvements, excluding ex-
penditures on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and
including the Cumberland road, deducting the two
per cent, fund applicable to that road.
5th. For the additional expense of Congress in
legislating upon the_ subject of the public lands,
based on the average expense of the last ten years,
and on the supposition that one-seventh* of the ex-
pense was chargeable to that branch of legislation.
6th. For the amount of the five per cent, fund,
secured to said States upon the whole quantity of
land yet remaining in them to be sold, estimated at
§1 25 per acre.
7th. And also a statement of the various periods
of time which the unsold lands in the said States
have been subject to private purchase, commencing
with those which have been exposed to sale for twen-
ty years and over, and ending with those which
have been exposed to sale for a term not less than
five years. Laid over.
By Mr. G. W. JONES:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requesi
to report to this House the number of cadets wl
have been admitted at the Military Academy at
West Point since its establishment; how many have
remained the term required by law; how many have
graduated; how many are now in the military ser-
vice of the United States, and the grade they respect-
ively hold; also, the aggregate amount of money ap-
propriated to defray the expenses of said Military
Academy to the present time. Laid over.
By Mr. ASHE:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making the
city of Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, a port
of entry. Agreed to.
By Mr. St. JOHN:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roadsjbe instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of allowing a salary to the postmaster of
upper Sandusky, Crawford county, Ohio, instead of
the sum to which he is now by law entitled. Agreed
to.
By Mr. THOMAS SMITH:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be directed to take into consideration the propriety
of reducing the expenditures of the Government so
far as the expenditures relate to the salaries of offi-
cers and the per diem of officers and agents; and that
they inquire into the expediency of reporting to this
House, at as early a day as convenient of the
present session, a bill making a per centum deduc-
tion on all salaries that may legally and constitution-
ally be legislated upon at this time; and also the pay
of agents or officers who receive a per diem, inclu-
ding the members of both branches of the Legisla-
ture. And for the purpose of enabling said commit-
tee to investigate and report upon this subject as
right and justice to individuals and the country may
require, the committee have the power of this House
to call upon any officer of the Government or the
heads of departments for such information in rela-
tion thereto as they may deem proper and pertinent
to the objects of this resolution. Agreed to.
By Mr. BOSSIER:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
removing the obstructions forming the falls in Red
river, at Alexandria, in the State of Louisiana.
Agreed to.
By Mr. SMITH of Illinois:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail route from Belleville,
Illinois, by Athens, to Pinckneyville, in Perry coun-
ty, and thence to intersect at some suitable point the
mail route from Shawneetown to Belleville. Agreed
to.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL :
Resolved, That iIm. Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending existing laws respecting costs of the
courts of the United States as to produce uniformity
therein, and to reduce the standard, independent of
that of the States in which the court of the United
States is held. Agreed to.
By Mr. SAMPLE :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire mto the expediency of establish-
ing Michigan city, in the State of Indiana, a port of
entry; and that the papers on that subject be with-
drawn from the files, and referred to the same com-
mittee. Agreed to.
By Mr. MILTON BROWN :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into and report what courts of
the United States are supplied with the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States; and
■whether all, or what portion, of said reports can be
obtained, and on what terms; and whether a part of
said reports are not beyond the reach of said courts
at any price.
Resolved, That said committee be instructed also to
inquire into the expediency of authorizing the Su-
preme Court of the United States to appoint some
one or more persons to revise and publish the deci-
sions of said court from its first organization to the
present time, with a digested index thereof; the
whole to be under the direction and approval of
said court; and that said committee report by bill or
otherwise. Agreed to.
By Mr. THOMASSON:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire what sum of mo-
ney will be required to keep all the boats now in
use, and those in the process of preparation, de-
signed to be employed in removing obstructions in
the navigation of the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries, in constant active employment for the national
fiscal year commencing on the 1st day of July next;
and that they report to this House the sum for
that purpose in the appropriate appropriation bill.
Agreed to.
By Mr. LEVY:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
propriation to complete the inland navigation along
the coast of Florida as far south as Cape Florida.
Agreed to.
By Mr. DELLET:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be directed to report to this House the expe-
diency of continuing the operations of the boats and
machinery heretofore employed in opening and im-
proving the channel in the harbor of Mobile, and
the probable cost of the same for the ensuing fiscal
year. Agreed to.
By Mr. HOUSTON:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of com-
pensating the State of Alabama for the sixteenth sec-
tions of land in said State embraced within the lim-
its of the Chickasaw cession, of which she has
been deprived by the treaty with said tribe of In-
dians. Agreed to.
By Mr. RATHBUN:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail-route from Baldwins-
ville, in the county of Onondaga, to Wolcott, in the
county of- Wayne, in the £tate of New York,
Agreed to.
By Mr. CROSS:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of dividing
the State of Arkansas into two judicial districts, and
of requiring the United States district judge of said
State to hold two terms annually of the district court
in each of the said districts. Agreed to.
By Mr. HAMMETT:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
pediency of establishing a mail route from the town
of Providence, in the State of Louisiana, via Prince-
ton, Bolivar Court-house, Coahoma Court-house,
to the town of Commerce, in the State of Missis-
sippi. Agreed to.
By Mr. J. B. HUNT:
Resolved, That Senate document No. 234, 3d ses-
sion, 27th Congress, and the maps and estimates
connected therewith, relative to the navigation of
the great lakes, and the construction and completion
of harbor improvements; and especially so much
thereof as relates to the improvement to the naviga-
tion of Lake St. Clair, be referred to the Committee
on Commerce, with instructions to report what sum
is necessary for said improvement; and to inquire
into the expediency of repoi ting a bill for the re-
moval of said obstructions. Agreed to.
By Mr. DOUGLASS:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing ports of entry at dumcy and Peoria, m the
State of Illinois. Agreed to.
By Mr. SIMONS:
Resolved, That a standing committee of the House
be appointed, to whom shall be referred every tjues-
