160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
^8th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
luded to have paid no attention whatever to your
order. The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Elmer] whose able speech at the opening of this
debcte, has not been, and, I believe, cannot be an-
swered, introduced the authority of Sir William
Blackstone, in the construction of statutes. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr, Newton] not only
admitted the authority as good, but acquiesced in
the principle of construction laid down by him.
He says: "Acts of Parliament that are impossible to
be performed, are of no validity. If there arise out
of them collaterally any absurd consequences, mani-
festly contrary to common reason, they are, with
regard to these collateral consequences, void."
Now it must be steadily kept in view, that there
are three parties to this contest; Congress, the
State legislatures, and the people of the States who
possess the indefeasible right of representation.
Each legislative body has its appropriate sphere,
and the laws of each are binding upon the people,
when made in pursuance of the powers vested in
them by the fundamental articles of their creation.
Each acts within its own orbit, independently of
the other, controlled by its own discretion, unin-
fluenced by the commands or regulations of the
other.
The fourth section of the first article of the con-
stitution is in these words: "The times, places, and
manner of holding elections for senators and repre-
sentatives shall be prescribed in each State by the
legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any
time, by law, make or alter such regulations, ex-
cept as to the places of choosing senators." Here
is a concurrent power; and whatever authority the
States may exercise by viitue of this section,
Congress possesses and can exercise, when-
ever a contingency happens, such as the framcrs of
the constitution supposed might arise in the course
of events. All the debates in the several State
conventions, which ratified the federal constitu-
tion, conclusively show that the power here
given to Congress, is mcicly a conservative
power, granted for the purpose, and the sole
purpose, of enabling the general government in
case of the inability or neglect of the States to make
regulations for holding elections for members of
Congress, to preserve its own existence by securing
to the people the means of having representation.
Thio power was given to fortify the rights of the
people; not to endanger, or suspend, or destroy them.
This point has been so ably treated by others that
I will do no more than refer gentlemen to those de-
bates and the history of the formation and the rati-
fication of the constitution, from which alone the
intention and meaning of those wise men who
formed our constitution can be obtained; and to re-
mark that, such being the clear, obvious intent of the
section, the present attempt to control the discretion
of the States is a flagrant usurpation of power, and
a'gross and inexcusable assault upon the rights of
the States.
But, for the argument, I admit Congress has all
the power the wildest latitudinarian can claim un-
der this section. But Congress, has not completed
its: work The second section of the apportionment
act declares that members of Congress shall be
elcctcd by districts composed of contiguous terri-
tory. But where are your districts5 By what
metes and bounds are they known? Congress has
left the people in the dark. The legislatures of
four States have not informed the people what
counties, townships, and neighborhoods compose
them. Suppose the people ever e>o well disposed
to elect by districts, it is impossible for them to
obey your law. Suppose the present members re-
jected: they return to their constituents; the legisla-
tures stand still; the people must again elect by the
known practicable laws of the State, or remain
unrepresented. Then they will be taxed without
being represented; their rights legislated upon with-
out being heard. For this cause our fathers tore
asunder the cords which bound them to the throne
of Great Baitain; and I adjure gentlemen not to tiy
this experiment upon their children. The act, then,
is of no validity; because, in the language of the
law books, "it is impossible to be performed;" and
one of the absurd consequences, manifestly contra-
ry to common reason, which collaterally arises out
of the law, is the deprivation of a whole people of
the right of representation, and, therefore, it is void.
But the next question is, are the States compelled
to obey this mandatory act of Congress? Has Con-
gress the right to issue a mandamus to the States,
and thua control their legislative discretion? Very
of tftosc who have participated in this
have answered this interrogatory in the affirmative:
and those gentlemen have done so in a faltering
tone. If there be any one principle clearly estab-
lished in political government, and recognised by
all parties, it is, that the laws of the federal govern-
ment act upon individuals, not upon communities
in their aggregate character. In an article in the
Federalist, written by Alexander Hamilton, (and
this book is of acknowledged authority on all sides,)
we find this allusion to this very subject. "The
great and radical vice in the construction of the ex-
isting confederation, (alluding to the old articles of
confederation) is in the principle of legislation for
States or governments in their corporate or collective
capacities, and as contradistinguished from the indi-
viduals of whom they consist." He then proceeds
to show, with great ability and learning, the advan-
tages of our present form of government in making
its laws to operate directly upon the individual citi-
zens of the United States.
But it has been asserted that there are two leading
instances in which Congress has deviated from this
principle; and the first case is in the law passed des-
ignating the time within which electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President shall be chosen. The con-
stitution says: "Congress may determine the time
of choosing electors, and the day on which they
shall give then- votes." By the act of 1792, Con-
gress declared the time should be within thirty-four
days of the first Wednesday in December every
four years, and the electors snould meet on the first
Wednesday in December every four years. Here
Congress has the exclusive power to determine
the time; and whatever power the States may have
over the subject, is derived from the act of Congress.
The States may accept the grant, and legislate ac-
cordingly, and in the acceptance they were bound
by the terms. But surely it will not be contended
that the States were required to appoint the day, or
were bound to do so, or that Congress had, in that
act, determined the time of choosing the electors.
And had no day been determined upon, the fault
would have lain at the door [of Congress for the fail-
ure in the election, because of an imperfect exercise
of an exclusive power.
Again: Congress has power "to provide for or-
ganizing, arming, and disciplining the militia." This,
also, is an exclusive power. But, in the distribution
of the arms, for instance, Congress has availed itself
of the agencies of the States; and it were, undoubt-
edly, well that the States should conform to the rules
prescribed by Congress. Yet, should they refuse or
neglect to do so, the law would be inoperative and
imperfect, and of no validity. There is no doubt,
when an exclusive power is vested m Congress, the
States may be invited to aid in carrying that power
into operation; and the States, at the same time, have
the undoubted right to aid or to refuse to aid in their
discretion. In most cases of this character, sovereign-
ties will willingly co-operate to .effectuate the public
good. But where they have power over a subject,
and m their discretion have exercised that power;
although another may have the right to alter their
regulations, yet when that other commands the altera-
tion, and requires change to be made by them, the
command is given, and the requirement made, but
to be rejected and despised. It is humiliating to the
States, the authors of this government, to be ordered
to do anything.
But the President, when he signed this act,
put no such insulting interpretation upon it. He
viewed it, and he construed it, correctly—as
merely advisory and recommendatory. I thank
him for the explanation he gave of his sig-
nature to the bill, because our chief magistrates
have heretofore proved the great and efficient de-
fenders of the rights of the States; and without this
construction this enactment would never have been
found in your statute book. In this view the Presi-
dent was sustained by the Federalist, fiom which I
will again read:
"Government implies the power of making laws.
It is essential to the idea of a law, that it be attended
with a sanction; or, in other words, a penalty or
punishment for disobedience. If there be no penal-
ty annexed to disobedience, the resolutions or com-
mands which pretend to be laws, ivill, in fact, amount
to nothing more than advice or recommendation. This
penalty, whatever it may be, can only be inflicted in
two ways—by the agency of the courts and minis-
ters of justice, or by military force; by the coercion
of the magistracy, or by the coercion of arms."
As this act cannot be enforced b^ any power
k known to the constitution of the U(utc(l States it
can only be considered as advice and recommenda-
tion to the States; and, with all respect to the opin-
ions of others, it does seem clear to my mind that
any other construction is against reason and com-
mon sense.
I have proceeded thus far, Mr. Speaker, in this ar-
gument, with the admission that Congress had a
power over the election of representatives to Con-
gress, coequal to, and coextensive with, the States;
and with this admission I hope I have made it man-
ifest that this law is uncertain, at least to a common
intent, and imperfect; and, therefore, inoperative
and void.
But, sir, I deny that the States derive the power
to district themselves from the fourth section of the
first article of the constitution; and, consequently, 1
deny that Congress possesses the power to partition
the States into districts.
In the political schools in which I have been
taught, this has been considered a great leading
truth, an axiom disputed by no one, that all power
in this government is derived from the people. After
the successful assertion of our independence, along
the shores of the Atlantic there were seen thirteen
independent sovereign governments, in the people
of which all political power was lodged. In 1787,
these States, by means of their several representa-
tives, met in convention to form a new government,
whose operation, for the most part, was to be exter-
nal and general. They formed our present constitu-
tion, in which they specifically enumerated the pow-
ers which were to be exercised by the new govern-
ment. They created a Congress, which was to con-
sist of a Senate and House of Representatives. In
the second section of the first article of the constitu-
tion, the people of the States expiessly reserve to
themselves the power to make or create the compo-
nent parts of one branch of Congress. It runs
thus:
"The House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members chosen every second year by the
people of the several States; and the electors in
each State shall have the qualifications requisite for
electors of the most numerous branch of the State
legislature."
"No person shall be a representative who shall
not have attained to the age of twenty-five years,
and been seven years a citizen of the United States;
and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of
that State in which he shall be chosen."
The constitution then proceeds to make an appor-
tionment among the States, which I consider a
model for ail subsequent acts of similar character:
"The number of representatives shall not exceed
one for every thirty thousand, but each State shall
have at least one lepresentative: and until such enu-
meration shall be made, the State of New Hamp-
shire shall be entitled to choose three, Massachus-
etts eight," and so on through all the States.
What powers were here retained in express terms,
not by construction, but in emphatic words'1 The
time of electing representatives is once in two yeais;
the place of electing is in the States; the manner of
electing, or the constituent body to elect, is the peo-
ple of the States. Who shall vote? The States
shall determine the requisite qualifications. They
must say whether he shall be white or
black, a freeholder, an alien, a citizen, or n freeman.
Congress can have no control over the qualifications
of a voter. Who shall be a representative? The
qualifications are fixed and defined, and Congress
can neither add to nor diminish the requisites of
the constitution. When the ratio is agreed upon
by Congress, each qualified elector of each State has
a right which reaches to the number of representa-
tives apportioned to his State. As a citizen of Mis-
sissippi, after the present apportionment, I had a
right, which attached that moment the constituted
authorities sanctioned the latio, to vote for four rep-
resentatives to Congress. A qualified voter of New
Yoik had a right to vote for thirty-four; of Ohio, to
vote for twenty-one; of Arkansas, for one. It is a
fianchise which sppeitains to each of us, but we are
not compelled to exercise that right. The people of
any one State, having a common right, may a^ree
among themselves, through an act of their legisla-
ture, to restrict themselves; they may agree to vote
for only one representative, when their right would
authorize them to vote for twenty-six, as in Pennsyl-
vania. They may bind themselves by a municipal
regulation, that those who reside in a certain district
of country shall have the exclusive right of electing
only one member to Congress; and when all the dis-
tricts elect thus a membcrs the person elected is not
