. -3v-,
148
GLOBE.
On motion by Mr. WOODBtlRY, ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed. -.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial numerously
signed by citizens of Madison county, Vermont,
complaining of the present exorbitant rates of post-
age, and asking for their reduction : referred to the
committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from the guar- •
dian of Delia P. Cousens, minor, heir of a seamen
in the navy, praying that the pension formerly grant-
ed to the heirs of John Cousens may be restored to
her: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. E. also presented a letter addressed to him by
a committee of several persons, relative to French
spoliations prior to 1800, asking that he would pre-
sent to the Senate the copy of a memorial addressed
by sundry citizens of Maine to the other House
upon this subject. The letter and memorial were
received, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from A. Lin-
thicum and Benjamin Robinson, trustees of Richard
Linthicum, praying to be compensated for material
for light-houses furnished at Thomas Point, Cove
Point, and North Point: referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from a
number of inhabitants of the city and county of
Philadelphia, asking for an appropriation for the
construction of a dry-dock at the navy-yard, Phila-
delphia, and urging many reasons why it was desi-
rable that it should be constructed there; among
which, were the distance of that port from the ocean,
and its defensible position: referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Also presented resolutions adopted by the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives from that State to
vote for the indemnification to General Jackson of
the amount of the fine imposed on him by Judge
Hall at New Orleans.
Mr. S. remarked that this was the third Legisla-
ture of that State which had passed similar resolu-
tions, instructing their Senators to vote for the resto-
ration of the amount of the fine to Gen. Jackson. He
hoped that the bill which had been sent from the
other House for that object, and referred to the Ju-
diciary Committee, would be taken up soon, and
passed. . He much desired that that committee
would report the bill back without delay. It was
true it had been before it but a short time, but it
was a subject which had been so often discussed
that he dia not think much time was required for
its consideration. He trusted, therefore, that there
would be an early report, and early action upon it.
The resolutions were read, and ordered to be
printed. t
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, leave was grant-
ed to withdraw from tl^files the memorial of John
P. Pennington, of BsJHpre, Maryland, on the sub-
ject of his invention wWiavigating the air; and the
petition of Thomas CluintrilT, praying for a pen-
sion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Indiana, concerning the Wabash
and Erie canal, representing its great value and im-
portance as a national work, and praying the passage
of an act granting to the State of Indiana the un-
sold lands in the Vincenncs distiict, or so much of
them as may be nccessary for the completion of that
work: referred to the Committee on -the Public
Lands.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Murphy; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
THE COMPROMISE ACT.
Mr. McJDUFFIE made some inquiry as to the
situation of the resolution reported from the Finance
Committee, relative to the bill for reducing- the pres-
ent tariff to the standard of the compromise act.
Last Thursday was the day fixed for its discussion,
but it was passed over, in consequencc of other
business being permitted to intervene.
The CHAIR remarked that the resolution of the
committee was ordered to be printed, and it was
then on his table.
Mr. EVANS remarked that he believed the reso-
lution was postponed to be taken up last Thursday,
but did not come up at that time, as was expected.
It was immaterial to him when it was taken up—
though he would prefer that it should be some time
after the resolution was printed. He was unwil-
ling that it should come to a vote in a thin Senate.
>ir, McDUFFIE had no objection to a postpone-
ment, and gave notice that he would call the subject
up to-morrow.
OREGON.
Mr. SEMPLE made some inquiry of the Chair
as to the state of his resolution for determining the
provisions of the treaty with England allowing a
joint occupation of the Territory of Oregon, and
moved that it be taken up for consideration; but,
the Chair having suggested that it would come up
in its order among the special orders, he did not
press his motion.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from Ro
ert Greenough, asking Congress to subscribe for;
number of copies of his historical work on Califo1
nia and the Oregon—a work in which the claim of
the United States to the Oregon is investigated: re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented three memorials
from citizens of "Wisconsin Territory, asking an
appropriation for the improvement of the Wiscon-
sin and Fox rivers, in that Territory; which were
ordered to lie on the table, a bill having been re-
ported for that object.
Also presented a memorial from a number of cit-
izens of the Territory of Wisconsin, praying an
appropriation for the construction of a road from
Cheboygan, by the way of Tachedah and Fond du
Lac, to the Fox river, in the vicinity of Green Lake:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN and Mr. CLAYTON pre-
sented memorials from citizens of the city and coun-
ty of Philadelphia, asking for an appropriation for
the construction and establishment of a dry-dock
at the navy-yard m that city: referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Brrf.sf. on
Thursday last came up for consideration, and was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire whether any, and, if any,
what further provisions are necessary to give effect
to the act of Congress of the 13th of August, 1841,
entitled "An act to repeal the act entitled 'an act to
provide for the collection, safekeeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue,' and to pro-
vide for the punishment and embezzlers of public
money, and for other purposes."
Mr. CLAYTON said lie would like to hear some
explanation of the object of the resolution.
Mr. BREESE said he intended, before the vote
was taken on the resolution, to state to the Senate
the reasons operating with him for originating the
inquiry indicated by the resolution. He said it
was by practice under a law that we are enabled to
ascertain its defects, if there be any; and as it was
his fortune to be present at a trial before the circuit
court of the United States for the district of Illinois
at its last June term, when this act of the 13th Au-
gust, 1841, came ill review before the court, and
received its attentive and deliberate examination, he
had thought it his duty to bring before the Senate
such defects of the law as were detected on that
trial, in order that the proper amendments may be
made. The firstdefectinthe law (Mr. B. said) was
discovered upon the attempt of the prosecution to
show a balance against the party charged on the
books of the Treasury, and for that purpose the
usual transcript, under the seal of the Treasury, as
authorized by the act of 1797, was produced. "The
objection was taken that the act of 1797 applied
alone to civil cases; this was a criminal case; and,
by the common law in such cases, the evidence was
inadmissible. The court being divided in opinion
on this point, the circuit judge holding that the
transcript was admissible, it was received.
Now, it appeared to him, that this question should
be settled by so amending the law as to make these
transcripts evidence in all cases to which they apply,
arising under the act of 1841. Other courts may re-
ject this evidence altogether, and ft criminal may es-
cape on that ground alone.
The next defect discoverable in the act, (Mr. B.
said,) was in that part of it which makes the refu-
sal of the officer to honor the draft drawn on him by
the Treasury Department prima facie evidence of
embezzlement. Now, in the case to which allusion
is made, the person indicted had ceased to be an offi-
cer at the time the draft «was drawn on him by the
Treasury Department. He had been removed with
a large balance in his hands, for which, afterwards,
the draft was drawn. Not being an officer then, the
law did not apply to him, and consequently, as the
court ruled a fucie case was not made out, and
' the prosecution was not made out, and the prosecu-
'jg|j
>™fi
tion was necessarily forced to seek other evidence
by which to prove an embezzlement—a matter of
very great difficulty in all such cases.
Again: the person indicted in this case had acted
as receiver of public money, and was charged as
such in the indictment. From the evidence, it ap-
peared that the money alleged to have been embez-
zeled by him, though received by him as such re-
ceiver, had been drawn out of his possession as re-
ceiver by a Government draft, and placed with him,
and in his custody, as a depositary; and his official
designation being "a receiver of public moneys,"
he was indicted as such, and not as a depositary.
•This, the court said, was the only legal description
that could be given him; that tiie indictment was
good in every respect, but the fault was in the law;
and intimated a very decided opinion that the prose-
cution must fail on this ground. This being the
interpretation put upon the law by a highly respect-
able judicial tribunal of the country, it becomes ne-
cessary that it should be revised, and all proper
amendments made to give it full effect.
However much we may differ upon other subjects,
Mr. B, said he had no doubt but that all would
manifest a becoming anxiety to render effective a
law having for its object the punishment of those
who shall embezzle the public moneys entrusted to
them for safekeeping; those who, so regardless of
their own character, and of their moral and legal
obligations, procure high official stations for the pur-
poses of plunder, and disgracing themselves by com-
mitting a criminal act, yet go "unwhipt of justice"
by the inefficiency of the law.
Mr. B. said, having discharged what he deemed
to be his duty, in bringing the supposed defects of
the law to the notice of the Senate, he would, in con-
clusion, express the hope that they might arrest the
attention of the Judiciary Committee, to which the
resolution would go, so that the defects may be
remedied.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was adopted.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Bes-
to  yesterday, came up for consideration, and was
agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs •
be directed to inquire whether any wrong or injury
has been done to the Winnebago Indians by with-
holding part of their annuity, or by applying any
part thereof to unauthorized purposes.
Mr. B. submitted a communication in connexion
with the subject of the resolution; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill, entitled An act to supply a deficiency in
the appropriation for the fiscal year ending 1st June,
1844, for the relief and protection of American
seamen, was taken up, and read the second time, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred a memorial from citi-
zens of Virginia, praying for an increase of the sala-
ry of the judge of the district court of the United
States for the western district of Virginia, reported a
bill for that object; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which had been
referred the memorial of M. M. Gtuackenboss and
others, sureties of Samuel Swartwout, reported a bill
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to make
an arrangement or compromise with any of the sure-
ties on bonds given to the United States'-by Samuel
Swartwout, late collector of the customs of the port
of New York; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
The bill granting a certain quantity of land to aid
in the improvement of Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
in Wisconsin Territory, and to connect the same by
a canal, came up for consideration, but was passed
over informally, the gentlemen who reported it not
beins" in his seat.
The bill providing for the insane asylum in the
District of Columbia came up, and was passed over
informally, for a like reason.
The Senate bill, No. 20, providing for "the ad-
adjustment of land claims within the States of Lou-
isiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, and for
other purposes," was taken up as in committee of
the whole, and a substitute reported by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims was read through.
The title of the substitute is, "A bill to provide
for the adjustment of land claims within the States
of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, and the Territo-
ry of Iowa, and in those parts of ihe States of Mis-
sissippi and Alabama south of the 31st degree of
