north latitude, and between the Mississippi and
Perdido rivers."
The substituted bill goes on to state, that so much
of the act of 26tli of May, 1824, entitled "An act to
enable claimants to land within the State of Missou-
ri and Territory of Arkansas to institute proceed-
ings to try the validity of their claims;" and the act
amendatory thereto, approved on the 24th day of
May, 1828, entitled "An act to continue in force,
for a limited time, and to amend the act of 3824," so
far as relates to the State of Missouri, (excluding
all such portions of said acts as referred to the Ter-
ritory of Arkansas,) shall be revived and re-enact-
ed, to continue in force for the term of five years,
and no longer; extending. the provisions of those
acts to the States of Louisiana and Arkansas and .
Territory of Iowa, and to the parts of the States of
Mississippi and Alabama specified in the title of the
substitute.
The substitute, which occupied a long time in be-
ing read, consists of 14 pages of very minute details.
When it had been read through,
Mr. SEYIER observed that it appeared to him,
from the reading of the bill, that the Committee on
Private Land Claims had reported another, and a
•very different bill from the original one introduced
by the ^Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Barrow,]
which he had understood was a mere copy of the
bill that had already passed the Senate several times.
He therefore inquired of the chairman of that com-
mittee, [Mr. Henderson,] what had become of the
original bill.
Mr. HENDERSON replied, that the Senator
from Arkansas was mistaken in supposing the
original bill referred to the committee was the bill
which had heretofore passed the Senate. It was
one introduced by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Barrow,] the same in substance, but enlarged in
details; and the substitute reported by the commit-
tee did not differ essentially, but went still more
minutely and in detail into provisions which the
investigation and consideration of the committee.had
thought necessary for the protection of both the
claimants and the Government. They considered
the original bill, and also the bill which had hereto-
fore passed the Senate, defective in many particulars,
(which he pointed out in detail;) and therefore had
recommended the substitute now before the Senate.
Mr. KING wished to know from the honorable
Senator whether the bill now before the Senate was
the bill of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. HENDERSON replied that, substantially, it
was.
Mr. KING thought this a very important bill,
and that it ought to receive due consideration. Ma-
ny Senators, no doubt, supposing it was the same
bill which had heretofore passed the Senate, had not
probably looked into it as minutely as was necessa-
ry to give a proper understanding of its provisions.
He had not himself had an opportunity of turning
his attention to the provisions which varied from the
former bill, nor did he suppose other Senators had.
He therefore thought the proper course would be to
postpone its further consideration till there would
be time to examine into the matter. He was as
anxious as an y one to do justice to the claimants;
but, in doing this, the rights of the Government had
also to be considered and protected.
Mr. SEVIER hoped the bill would be postponed.
He stated the circumstances under which the sub-
ject iutyfl|w been brought before the Senate in 1824,
and refSH to a committee, of which the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] was chairman, and
who reported the bill of that time. The act of 1828
only revived the act of 1824; and the bill which had
more recently several times passed the Senate, was
an extension of those acts, with such modifications
as the changes of Jurisdiction and other circum-
stances required. He (Mr. S.) had supposed the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Barrow] had intro-
duced a mere copy of the bill which heretofore had
passed the Senate, and expected the committee
would have reported back that bill, with but little
variation. Instead of that, it appeared to him that
an entirely different bill had been substituted; and
that several of the provisions of this substitute were
hostile to some of the objects which the friends of
the measure had in view, with regard to obtaining
an equitable adjustment of those claims between the
claimants and the Government. He might be mis-
taken in this; and perha-s, on further investigation,
might find that the substitute regarded the rights of
both; but, with the hasty readjng he had given the
bill, he was inclined to think it was of such a nature
t jT~,
as should compel him to vote againstlt ill tW SKajJe..
reported from the committee. / ; .
Mr. BARROW explained thai he had been sktis-
fied with making his bill a transcript of that Which-.
had herefore passed the Senate. But, when it was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims,
he found that there were some imperfections in it
which the committee proposed to remedy. Suppos-
ing that the gentlemen who recommended these im-
provements understood the matter better than he did,
when they proposed drawing up a new bill, he was
disposed to leave it in their hands. He was anxious
to have the unsettled claims which, for thirty years,
had been a source of conflicting interests and juris-
diciion, settled for ever; and therefore he was not
fastidious about the manner in which it was done,
if it could be done to the satisfaction of all parties.
Mr. KING inquired of the Senator from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Barrow] if the bill he sent to the com-
mittee was not the same bill as that which had here-
tofore passed the Senate.
Mr. BARROW said it was precisely the same.
Mr. KING then remarked that the bill should
have been reported back, with the proposed amend-
ments suggested by the committee, the necessity for
which the Senate would consider in committee of the
whole. This was the usual course; and it would
have been much better and much more satisfactory
if that course had been adopted in this instance.
Mr. HENDERSON did not know that it was not
the usual course for a committee to report back
merely a substitute for a bill referred to it. He
thought perhaps it would be best to have not only
the original bill, now in the manuscript of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, printed with the substitute;
but also the bill which had heretofore passed the
Senate. He should therefore suggest the propriety of
postponing the consideration of the subject to a
more distant day than Monday, with a view of hav-
ing the bill of the Senator from Louisiana, and the
bill on the files of the Senate, printed uniformily
with the substitute, and furnished to Senators, so
that they could compare all three, and see what'
were the variations recommended by the Committee
on Private Land Claims. He suggested the post-
ponement to Wednesday of next week.
After some further debate on the legal questions
of jurisdiction and the effects of referring the inves-
tigation of claims, in certain cases, to the United
States district courts, or circuit courts, between
Messrs. SEYIER and HENDERSON, the further
consideration of the bill was postponed to Wednes-
day, the 25th instant, and, with the bill passed by
the Senate last session, and the original bill, ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER moved that the Semite should go
into executive session.
Mr. RIVES asked and obtained the suspension of
this motion, and presented a memorial from the
president and directors of the Trediga Company of
Richmond, Virginia, asking for an extension of the
time for completing a contract for casting cannon for
the navy: referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Oil motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition of
the heirs of James Sympson, praying the confirma-
tion of their title to a tract of land: referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. COLQUITT presented a memorial from
John P. King, president of the Georgia Railroad
Company, praying for a remission of duty on cer-
tain railroad iron: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
opened; when
Mr. BAYARD offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to inform the Senate whether, since the 4th
day of August, 1842, any appointments lia\ e been
made of acting midshipmen, or of masters' mates,
under the age of twenty-one years, in the navy of
the United States; and, if any such appomtments
have been made, of either class of officers, to state
by what authority they have been made, the num-
ber appointed, to "what ships they are attached, when
they were appointed, and the names and ages re-
spectively of the individuals so appointed.
The Senate then adjourned.
In the proceedings of yesterday it was staled that
Mr. Hankegan presented a petition from citizens of
:erif ,!'a
haVo read at Pittsbu
BtfUSE. OF REPftESENTAttt|M;:^ '
Tuesday, January 16,1844. .
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
The journal of yesterday having been read and
approved,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked leave to present a
memorial in relation to a reduction of postage. It
was similar to many others which had been pre-
sented to the House; but, inasmuch as it had been
urged upon the attention of the House ' by a depu-
tation of the highest respectability, he asked that
the memorial be now received, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post RoaiJs. The
prayer of the memorial was merely for a reduction
of postage in'a general view  ;
Mr. BOYD. I object, if there is a speech to. bo
made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does the" gentleman object
to the reception of the memorial?
Mr. BOYD. Not at all. I only object to the
speech.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, by leave,
Resolved, That a subpoena issue to Col. Charles
K. Gardner, the secretary of the commissioners for
adjusting Cherokee claims, for the puipose. of giv-
ing evidence before the Committee of Indian Aiftirs;
and that he bring with him all records and'papers
connected with the said business.
The SPEAKER requested Mi*. Boyd to occupy
the chair temporarily.
Mr. ELMER asked that the Committee of Elec-
tions be authorized to employ a clerk- for twenty
days. The committee had arrived at that stsgeof
their business whenjthe services of a clerk were in-
dispensably requisite.
Mr. BARNARD desired to be informed by the
chairman of the committee when a report might be
expected from them on the subject of persons occu-
pying seats upon that floor from the four States of
this Union where elections were held by genera!
Mr! ELMER replied that the committee would
be prepared to report in a very few days.
Mr. CARROLL said, on a former day, he had
objected to a proposition similar to that now made.
As the permission was now asked for a limited pe-
riod only, if the employment of a clerk would expe-
dite the business, he, for one, would most cheerful-
ly accede to it.
The proposition was agreed to.
The Speaker resumed the chair.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL a'sked leave to present
some reports from th^Xommittee on Foreign Af-
alMr. J. W. DAVlSl|^Mfa whether reports from
standing committees-i^^t first in order. He de-
sired to make a report from the Committee on-Public
Lands; and he moved that the previous orders be
suspended, for the purpose of receiving fr°jn the
standing committees such reports as would not
give rise to debate. • ■
The proposition was agreed to; and the standing
committees were called for reports. ■ "
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following bills; -which were re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the payment ot
revolutionary and other pensioners of the United
States for the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June,
1845
A bill making appropriations for ccrtain fortifica-
tions of-the United States for the fiscal year begin-
ning on the 1st day of July, 1844, and ending on the
30tS day of June, 1845. .
A bill making appropriations for■the naval service
for the fiscal year ending on the 30th day of June,
18Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of Gideon
Walker and J. W. Crane: ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. VANCE,
Orieretf, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peU-
tion of Elizabeth Converse; and that it be referred to
the Committee cm Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana, from the Committee on
