150
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Public Lands, to: which was referred the bill (Wo.
18) to repeal a part of the act distributing The pro-
ceeds of the pubEc lands among the States, reported
the same without amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred a resolution of
the House of the 4th instant, in relation to legalizing
the sale of certain lands in the State of Mississippi,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill, (No.
63,) to legalize the sales of certain lands made at the
Chocchuma and Columbus land offices, in the State
of Mississippi; which bill was read twice, and re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House to-mor-
row.
Mr. CHILTON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, made a report upon the memo-
rial in relation to the Orphan, Asylum and Female
Free School of Alexandria, accompanied by a bill
(No. 64) to incorporate the Orphan Asylum and
Female Free School of Alexandria, in the District
of Columbia: referred to the Cemmittee of the
Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. THOMPSON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
Mullington; which was read the first mid second
time, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill to_ regulate allow-
ances for extra services to secretaries of legation
and consuls; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Seth Sweetser;
which was read twice, and referred to the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, made an unfavorable report on the petition
of John J. De Wolf; which was laid on the tablo,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. COLES,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Mary Colburn, and that it do He on the table.
On motion of Mr. WISE,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
discharged from the consideration of the resolution
of the House of the 3d inst., in relation to the con-
struction of additional iron steamers, and that it do
lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. WISE,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
discharged from the consideration of the petition of
Wm. Hubbell, and that it do lie on the table.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Pensions, made adverse reports on the petitions
of Burgess Hall, Alexander Reed, and Robert Poin-
dexter; which were laid on the table, and the com-
mittee was discharged from the further considera-
tion thereof. Jdifc.
Mr. J. BRINICERffl^Hbfrom the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, riS|||pSver6e reports on the
petitions of William Vose' and Sarah J. Jackson;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
John J. Beck; which was laid on the table.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the petition of James
C. Hallock, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read a first and second time, and referred
to a Committee of tlie Whole House.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Elijah C.
Babbitt; which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Public Build-
ings and Grounds be discharged from the considera-
tion of the report of the Commissioner of the Public
Buldings and report from the Secretary of War,
transmitting estimates and plans for the alteration
and extension of the Capitol, with regard to a new
hall for the House of Representative, and the same
reports lie on the table.
MAIL CONTRACTS.
Mr. HARDIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the Postmaster General to contract with
certain railroad companies for the transportation of
the mails; which was read twice.
After a few words from Mr. HARALSON, Mr.
HOPKINS, and Mr. HARDIN, and a modifica-
tion of the resolution at the suggestion of Mr. HOP-
KINS, a motion to recommit was negatived.
COMMERCIAL TREATIES.
On the motion of Mr. HOLMES, 5,000 extra
copies of the document from the Secretary of State
on commercial treaties were ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. R. SMITH, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, introduced a bill to create collection districts
in Illinois, and to establish a port of entry; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
SNAG BOATS ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
The unfinished business of yesterday next came
up in order; beingthe motion of Mr. Cave Johnson
to reconsider the vote by which the following reso-
lution had been passed:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire what sum of money
will be required to keep all the boats now in use,
and those m the process of preparation, designed to
be employed in removing obstructions in the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river and its tributaries, in
constant active employment for the national fiscal
year commencing on the first day of July next, and
that they report to this House the sum for that pur-
pose in the appropriate appropriation bill.
Mr. BOWLIN resumed the debate, and opposed
the reconsideration. He contended that these
Western rivers were of national importance; and
that the Government was called upon with as much
justice to make improvements on the shores of the
Mississippi as on the shores of the Atlantic.
He spoke of the great extent of coast in the valley
of the Mississippi—of the rich and fertile lands,
whose products were transmitted to market through
that channel—of the great number of steamboats
employed in navigating those waters—of the ex-
tent of their tonnage, and the large number that
, were annually sacrificed on the unremoved snags,
with the value of the property thus lost. He was
understood to say that the insurance offices of St.
Louis alone showed that, in four years, losses had
been sustained, amounting to $1,036,000, by the
snags on that river.
The history of the world presented no example
of an amount of destruction of property and loss
of life equal to that which was yearly occurring up-
on the rivers of the West. When they heard of a
disaster which occurred upon the Atlantic, they
were naturally shocked; but disasters upon the
Western rivers had become so common, that they
were announced in the newspapers merely as the
ordinary occurrences of the day. They were not
even announced as calamities. Mr. B. called the
attention of the House to the announcement of the
loss of three steamboats within one week, in a news-
paper of the first of January, from which he read.
Supported by these facts, he thought the advo-
cates of the improvement of the Western naviga-
tion came before Congress with strong claims to
their favorable attention. Four hundred and thirty-
seven thousand dollars had been appropriated for
light-houses alone—a sum more than sufficient to
clear the greater portion of the snags from those
rivers. A very gi eat improvement in that respect
had already been effected since the commencement
of the navigation of those rivers; the proportion of
losses had decreased from 33j per cent, to some-
thing below 18 per cent. If the same propor-
tion of losses occurred on the ocean, it
would strike the minds of gentlemen with hor-
ror. It seemed to him that the House did
not take a proper view of the matter. They did not
seem to appreciate the value of that portion of the
country; they seemed to have lost sight of its im-
portance, and of the importance of those great
rivers, which, in his estimation, were of as much
consequence m a national point of view as the
Chesapeake bay itself.
He desired to eall the attention of the House for
a moment to the great increase of navigation upon
these rivers. That increase tells a tale for the future;
it proclaims, in language not to be misunderstood,
that the star of the empire inclines to the West.
Mr. B. made a comparative statement of the ship-
ping tonnage employed upon the rivers of the
West at different periods, showing the vast and un-
precedented increase; and he appealed to gentlemen
in that House, whether this vast interest deserved
no particular attention. What the people of the
Western country say, when they were told that
those rivers were not considered of sufficient im-
portance to receive a small appropriation for their
improvement?
Mr. B. adverted again to the immense amount of
losses which annually occur upon the Western
waters. In coming from St. Louis to the mouth of
the Ohio, seven monuments of ruin were to be seen
—seven wrecked vessels—at a place very properly
called the Grave Yard, the meanest of which might
have sold for more than sufficient to have improved
the greater portion of the whole river. But they
were told that the river was the property of the
General Government, and that the States had noth-
ing to do with its improvement; and yet it seemed
to be considered of too little importance to engage
the attention of Congress. Although the interest in
this subject was not confined to the West, it was as
extensive as the Government itself; it extended to
every portion of the Union. The people of the
East had not, it is true, so deep an interest as those
of the West; still, they had a very deep interest in
the improvement of Western navigation. The in-
terest m that improvement was not of a local char-
acter; it was a matter which concerned the whole
United States. The river was one which washed
the shores of eleven States and two Territories—
nearly half the whole Union. They had a popula-
tion of about six millions, and the productions
which they sent forth were immense. That six
millions of people depended, in a great measure,
upon the East for the manufactured articles which
they consumed. They were purchasers, to a great
extent, of Eastern manufactures.
The cost of transportation upon the Western wa-
ters was enormous, in consequence of the danger
attending it. Vessels costing from twenty-five to
seventy-five thousand dollars each, of from 350 to
1,000 tons burden, if they could he kept above water
for fouryears, might be considered extremely fortu-
nate. They pay an insurance proportionate to the
danger incurred, and the increased expenses were
necssanly laid upon the passengers, and those who
shipped freight, making it burdensome upon the
traveller, and increasing the price of all commodities
conveyed by that route.
When the storms of heaven destroyed, they had
only to submit; but when, for want of a small ex-
penditure—when, from a mere neglect'of duty, which
lies within the range of human effort, a loss of hu-
man life occurs, it was a matter of complaint. Mr.
B. referred to the loss of the Shepherdess near St.
Louis, and touchingly described the circumstances
attending that awful catastrophe.
He appealed to the House, as the States were de-
nied the power of taking the matter m hand, to do
something in reference to it. The West did not ask
it of Congress as a boon, but as a matter of justice
and right.
He sincerely hoped that the House would refusa the
reconsideration—a vote which he should look upon
as a virtual denunciation of the claims of the West.
He appealed to the justice and magnanimity of the
House to compel the Committee of Ways and Means
to report a bill to keep these snag boats in operation
for the protection of our commerce and the lives of
our citizens. He wished gentlemen to vote on this
question precisely as if they had up a bill on the
subject for final action, and its passage or rejection
was the final dccison of the question involved.
Rumor said, out of doors, that the Committee of
Ways and Means had done nothing on this subject;
and the resolution proposed to make thei^p some-
thing; and its adoption would go home ■Re West
as an announcement of the detcrminafWK of the
House to do something for their interests.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL said he knew
of no such determination in the committee.
Mr. WELLER was understood to say that the
estimates for appropriations for the Western rivers
were stricken out in the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL said, if such was
the tact, he was not present at the time. He wished
to know from the gentleman whether there had been
anything like a separation of Western waters from
other waters, or any striking out of the estimates of
appropriations for internal improvements, local or
otherwise.
Mr. WELLER said that he had referred only to
the Western rivers, and they had been decided
against, in the only form they came before the
committee. The majority of the committee were
opposed to making any appropriations at all.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL said he could
only express his regret at such a determination, and
