m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the State of Virginia for the land granted in the
the compact, and to parcel it out into States and
Territories. Then, if the State of Virginia had a
right to contract for the land, and the United States
to receive it, unless the condition was complied with
a reversion took place, and the land must go back to
> the "State of Virginia. Either that whole country
now parcelled out into States and Territories, must
revert to the State of Virginia, or these rivers were
common highways, and within the jurisdiction of
this Government to improve. The proposition be-
ing laid down, he proved it thus: the United States
contrasted to receive this territory, but were th,ey
not to give reciprocal conditions for it? They were;
and the conditions were, that this river should be
common to all the people of the Union, divesting
Virginia of her jurisdiction. Moreover, Virginia,
when she parted with her jurisdiction, did not
intend that any of her sister States should have
it, and so provided in the compact. Then,
it being provided that these rivers should be
a common highway, what followed? Why, that
the Government had not complied with the condition,
and destroyed the ordinance. Further, no State hav-
ing the right to improve this highway, and no State
having jurisdiction over it, the United States had
the exclusive jurisdiction, and was bound to im-
prove it. It must be improved by the Government
of the Union, or not improved at all. Was it con-
templated by the State of Virginia, when she made
this cession, that the Government should be prevent-
ed from using this highway? And if the Govern-
ment used it, must it not have the right to improve
it? After continuing this part of his argument for a
short time, Mr. H. took up the question of expedi-
ency, ard contended that it was the duty of the
Government to make the necessary improvements.
After referring to the immense annual loss of prop-
erty etnd of human life, in consequence of the ob-
structions now existing to the navigation, Mr. H.
declared that he would go to any amount of appro-
priations that might be required to effect the object
in view.
Mr. WELLER then obtained the floor; when,
On motion of Mr. BLACK,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. FICKL1N of Illinois: The memorial of
G. W. Kincade and 59 other citizens of the county
of Lawrence, and State of Illinois, praying a grant
of land in the Wabash valley, for the improvement
of the Wabash river: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
By Mr. HOGE of Illinois: The petition of Gil-
bert Buckingham and other citizens of Henry and
Whiteside counties, in the State of Illinois, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Peoria, in
Peoria county, via Moutftfjnwluly, Wyoming and
Toulon, Stark counU^^Hkhersneld and Genesee,
Henry county, _ ShtuVHRl Crandells, Berry to
Albany, Whiteside couilTy, in said State of Illinois.
By Mr. RATHBUN of New York: The petition
of 330 inhabitants of Cayuga county, New York,
for the establishment of a mail route from Baldwins-
ville, Oneida county, to Woolcott, in the county of
Wayne, New York: referred to the Committee 011
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. PHG2NIX: Petition of citizens of New
York, praying for an appropriation for the erection
of a light-house on Tappan Zee: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. DAVIS of Indiana: The petition of
Frederick Slinkard, and 149 other citizens of In-
diana, asking a donation of land in the Vmcennes
district, to assist Indiana in completing the Wabash
and Erie canal to the Ohio river.
By Mr. STEENROD: Petition of 167 citizens of
Clark county, Ohio, requesting an appropriation for
the erection of a bridge over the Ohio river, at
Wheeling, Virginia. Petition of the citizens of
Wheeling, Virginia, praying the passage of a law
to constitute a board of examiners in each and every
port of entry in the Western and Southern States,
to examine the qualifications of all licensed steam-
boat engineers.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: Petition of the
inhabitants of Jefferson county, Territory of Wis-
consin, asking Congress for the establishment of a
mail route from Plainville, via Genesee, North
Prairie, Eagle Prairie, Whitewater, Port Atkinson,
isneil's Lake, to Madison,, the seat of government
of said county: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HUBBELL of New York: Petition of
General N. V. Knickerbacker, and 512 citizens of
Steuben county, for the reduction of the rates of
postage.
By Mr. HAMLIN of Maine: Petition of John,
Wilkins, and 70 other citizens of Bangor, Maine,
for indemnification for spoliations committed by the
French in and prior to 1800. Petition of Almon
Twitehell, and 40 other citizens of Paris, Oxford
county, Maine, upon the same subject. Petition of
the executors of the last will of John Pearson, upon
the same subject: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. McDOWELL: Sundry petitions un-
der the 24th rale of the House, for a mail route
from Ripley, Ohio, to Circleville, Ohio. Petition
with 200 signatures, for a mail route from Ports-
mouth, Ohio, through Locust Grove, Belfast, and
Marshall, to Hillsboro, Highland city, Ohio.
By Mr. DANA: Proceedings of a public meeting
at Penn Yan, New York, and a memorial of 89 citi-
zens of Penn Yan, praying for a reduction of post-
age, and the establishment of a uniform rate, with-
out regard to distance. Petition of 104 citizens of
Yates county, New York, for the same object: re-
erred to the Committee on the Poet Office and Post
Roads. -Petition of the heirs of Thomas Park, for
compensation for property sold to the Government
during the revolutionary war: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims. Petition of 75 in-
habitants of Corning, praying that canal boats on
the New York canals, trading to the cities of New
York, Troy, and Albany, be exempt from taking
out coasting licenses, and the payment of hospital
money: referrred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. FR1CK: Petition of the citizens of
Northumberland and Columbia counties, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the establishment of a post route
from Sunbury to Danville, via Snydertown and
Rnshville, a distance of 13 miles.
By Mr. PRATT: Petition of David Miller for a
pro rata pension, under provisions of the act of
7th January, 1832, praying for a general law for all
serving, according to length of service.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: Petition of inhab-
tants of St. Lawrence county, New York, to abridge
the franking privilege, and reduce the rates of
postage.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 17, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, report-
ing, in compliance with the resolution of the Senate
of the 20th December, 1843, the proceedings under
the Cherokee treaty of 1835; which, 011 motion by
Mr. JARNAGIN, was ordered to he 011 the table,
and a motion to print referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the Treasury Department, transmitting statements
rendered to that department by the incorporated
banks of the District of Columbia, showing the state
of their affairs: referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from
James Patten and others, inhabitants of township
46, range 2 east, in St. Charles county, Missouri,
praying the passage of a law confirming purchases
made by them of certain school lands, and appropri-
ating other lands in lieu thereof, for school purposes:
referred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from
Pearson Cogswell, late marshal of the United States
for the district of New Hampshire, praying the pay-
ment of the balance of an amount of money awarded
him under a judgment of the circuit court of the
United States for New Hampshire: referred to the
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Also presented a petition from Walter Loomis and
Abel Gay, praying compensation for services render-
ed the United States 011 the Cumberland road: re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HUGER presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of Charleston, South Carolina, rep-
resenting the dilapidated condition of the building
occupied for the. custom-house and post-office in that
city, and praying Congress to make an appropria-
tion for its repair: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Levi S.
Bartjett, of Kingston, New Hampshire, praying
for relief against the violation of a contract entered
into hy the United States with him, for the perform-
ance of certain services: referred to the Committee
011 Claims. ...
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial adopted by
a public meeting held at Olney, Richland county,
Illinois, of citizens of the several counties in tlie
Wabash valley, praying for a further grant of land
for the improvement of the navigation of the Wa-
bash river: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Philadelphia city and county,
praying for an appropriation for the erection and es-
tablishment of a dry-dock at that place: referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from citi-
zens of Seneca Falls, Seneca county, New York,
praying for a reduction of the rates of postage: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented numerous memo-
rials, signed by several thousand citizens of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, in reference to the post-office regulations;
and complaining, among other things, of the rates of
postage, which they believe to be exorbitant, uhe-
qual, and an unnecessary burden upon the people;
and the evils of the franking privilege as at present
exercised. Mr. M. remarked that the number of the
memorialists indicated the strong feeling which per-
vaded that section of the country upon the subject.
He found among them the names of several with
whom he was personally acquainted, of a highly re-
spectable character. He trusted that the increasing
importance of this subject, and the great solicitude
evidenced" by the memorialists, would operate as
strong reasons with the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to take the subject of the reform of
those evils into their serious consideration, and that
they would mature some measures in regard thereto.
He moved that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MERRICK said he would inform his honor-
able friend from Kentucky that the Committee 011
the Post Office and Post Roads were well aware of
tlie deep interest the public take on the sftbject of a
reform of the post office regulations. They could
not shut their eyes to the evidence everyday brought
to the consideration of the Senate. The whole coun-
try, it seemed, was awake to its importance. He
could, for the present, only say that the committee
are diligent in making the necessary investigation,
and in collecting information upon which to base
some action.
Mr. KING hoped the honorable chairman of that
committee would not think it improper in him
to suggest the importance, in considering the sub-
ject of a reduction of the rates ^postage, also to
take into consideration the franking privilege. It
was a privilege which was more abused than any
other sanctioned by the Government. He would
himself prefer that it should be abolished alto-
gether, were it not that some inconvenience
would probably result to the public at large
by its entire abolition. But, if it be continued, it
ought to be put under such restrictions and such
regulations as to prevent the great abuses now
practised under it, by which the department
was deprived of a large portion of its revenues,
and its ability to give mail facilities to those
remote sections of the country which were as yet
but sparsely populated. He trusted th^kthe com-
. nuttee would take this subject seriouslfHto consid-
eration, and not suffer any bill to pasWiat body,
this session, concerning postage, without endeavor-
ing to abolish the franking privilege altogether, or so
restricting it as to prevent its abuse.
Mr. MERRICK, 011 the part of the committee
which he represented, and on his own part, thanked
the honorable Senator, [Mr. King;] and would say,
in reply to the remarks of that gentlemen, that the
branch of the subject respect the franking privilege
had received the very serious consideration of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. If
he \vas not very much deceived, his honorable friend
would be satisfied with the proposed arrangement of
that committee. While speaking on the subject of
the franking privilege, he would remark that the
greatest abuse did not exist in Congress. The
privilege was most abused hy the 15,000 deputy post-
masters spread over the country. The loss of rev-
enue by the abuse of the franking privilege on the
part of 300 members of Congress, was a mere baga-
telle compared with the abuse of the privilege on the
part of postmasters. There might fce striking abuses
