Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Haralson.
H. of Reps.
years, (the whole life time of the twenty-sev-
enth Congress,) steeped to their very lips in un-
constitutionality, folly, and madness. They were
then, as they are now, fast bent upon deceiv-
ing and blinding the people to their own true in-
terests, and plundering them of their dearest rights.
They were then, as they are now, busily and assid-
uously striving, with the appliances of promises and
threats, trickery and falsehoods, and bribery and cor-
ruption, to delude a generous and confiding people;
and to enchain them to the car of one whom they
have so often and so wisely rejected and spurned, as
unprincipled and ambitious; and whose elevation to
the proudest station on earth would be infinitely
more dreadful and calamitous to the cause of morali-
ty and freedom than would have been the "war,
pestilence, and famine," which onee he so impiously
invoked upon his country.
We have already seen, sir, that, by the constitu-
tion, this House is constituted a high judicial tribu-
nal, the sole and exclusive judge, to determine of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members. We are, then, to act under the constitu-
tion, and by its express authority, in solemnly ad-
judicating upon the rights of members to their seats
upon this floor. We are to decide all questions of
election upon the facts, and the law as it exists un-
der the constitution. If, then, we adjudge, as the
resolutions before the House propose, that the
second section of the apportionment act is nugatory
and inoperative, for the want of other provisions to
five it life, and force, and perfection, how can this
e deemed nullification? Do gentlemen who profess
so much regard for the federal judiciary deem the
Supreme Court guilty of an act of nullification when
it adjudges an act of Congress, or of a State legisla-
ture, unconstitutional, or nugatory, or inoperative?
Do they venture to make this charge against any
other court when, in the discharge of its high duties,
it adjudges an act to be so imperfect as to be inopera-
tive and void? No, sir. But here, when the politi-
cal complexion of this House is so changed from
what it was but one short year ago, and is so dif-
ferent from what they would have it now, the
charge is unscrupulously made in defiance of facts,
of reason, and of justice. It is not made with the
view of affecting opinions here; but that, by misrep-
resentation, new false issues may be made before
the people; and that, by the aid of catch-words and
cant-phrases, the work of deception may be prose-
cuted with increased prospect of success. But, sir,
have not the deceptions and frauds of the last presi-
dential campaign been so thoroughly unmasked as
that the people of this country ran now clearly see,
and fully determine, the nature and extent of their
own political rights and privileges, as well as their
own imperious auty? Have they not learned to dis-
trust a party which has redeemed not one of the ten
thousand promises by which, for a time, it secured
their favor? Will they not refuse to be again led
astray by the shouts and wild merriment, vain
shows and miserable mummery, which they have so
much cause to remember and to mourn? These are
grave and important inquiries, deserving sober and
serious consideration; and to an intelligent and vir-
tuous people I most cheerfully submit them.
Such, Mr. Speaker, are the views which I enter-
tain upon the resolutions introduced by the Commit-
tee of Elections, and upon some of the various collat-
eral questions which have arisen during the debate
which has been had upon them. While I maintain
that any interference by Congress with the election
laws of the States was altogether uncalled for, and
utterly inexpedient, I most freely admit that, by the
constitution, Congress is clothed with the power, by
law, to make regulations, or to alter the regulations
already made by the States, prescribing the times,
places, and manner, of holding elections for repre-
sentatives. But I insist that the second section of
the apportionment act is not an exercise of the power
in question, inasmuch as it absolutely wants all ot
those provisions under which the people would be
enabled, by districts, to elect their representatives in
Congress. It was an attempt to establish the district
system in all the States, but for the reasons which I
have assigned, it was a complete and utter failure.
The apportionment act, then, contains no provisions
which can repeal or alter the ancient laws and
usages of the States of New Hampshire, Georgia,
Mississippi, and Missouri; and the elections held in
those -States respectively, under and in conformity to
those ancient laws and, usages, were elections held in
conformity to the constitution and laws, and those
who claim under them are entitled to their seats upon
the floor of this House.
SPEECH OF MR. HARALSON,
of georgia.
In the Howe of Representatives, February 13, 1844—On
the power of Congress to regulate elections in the
States:
The report of the Committee of Elections, relative
to the right, of certain members to their seats in the
House of Representatives, being under consid-
eration—
Mr. HARALSON rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: Although the House may be
wearied by this discussion, the important principles
involved, and the interest felt by the people of the
States whose right to representation is questioned,
will afford sufficient reasons for me to claim a share
of its attention. When I have done, whether the
time allotted to me by the rules has expired or not,
I shall resign the floor to other gentlemen who may
desire to be heard.
Oor government is essentially a government of the
people. Their representatives are their chosen
agents, by which its machinery is conducted. If
the jjower exists in this or the State governments to
deprive them of their represefitation, then there is a
power lodged in government sufficient, when exer-
cised, to destroy the government itself. No such
power exists either in this government or that of the
States. The people of the States have rights secured
to them by the second section of the first article of
the constitution, which no subsequent clause of that
instrument,either abridges or destroys. That im-
portant clause says: "The lionise of Representatives
shall be composed of members chosen every second year by
the people of the several States;" and without it this
government would never have been formed. With-
out it, it would not be a representative government.
If no other clause touching the subject had been in-
serted in the constitution, it is certain that every
regulation necessary to exercise this right would
have been left exclusively with "the people of the sever-
al States" In a subsequent clause of the constitu-
tion, the legislatures of the States are authorized to
regulate the elections of members of Congress.
This clause gave no additional right to the people,
nor did it deprive them of a right already secured
to them; it simply named the legislatures of the
States as the proper power to prescribe the times,
places, and manner of holding elections. This regula-
tion neglected, or prevented, by any cause, from
being prescribed by the State lesislatures, would,
in effect, destroy this valuable right of repre-
sentation belonging to the people, and by it des-
troy the government itself. The framers of
the constitution, to guard against this possible
evil, and to give a self-preserving power to
the government, inserted in the same clause of the
constitution, that Congress might at any time, by
law, make or alter those regulations, that the people
might, in any contingency, be secured in the in-
estimable right of freemen—the right of representa-
tion.
It is a singular reflection that this clause of the
constitution—intended, as it no doubt was, to pre-
vent the possibility of failure of representation by
the people—is now used as the instrument to deprive
them of it. Could Madison, and Jay, and Hamil-
ton, and others, whose talents and energies were
employed in obtaining a ratification of the federal
constitution—could they, sir, listen to our debates
upon this question, how amazed would they be at
the wonder-working ingenuity of men to destroy a
right which they sought to protect against the pos-
sibility of destruction! to know that a part of the
constitution, intended to secure forever the right of
representation to the people, was now attempted to
be used for the opposite purpose! This govern-
ment—the creature of the States—now seeks to dis-
franchise four sovereign States of this Union, by a
pretended exercise of power which alone was given
to guard against a failure of their representation.
Let us, for a moment, examine the authority by
which it is proposed to disfranchise these four States.
It is claimed under that clause of the constitution to
which I have referred, by which Congress has the
power SI any time, by law, to make regulations or
alter those made by the States. Itis contended that
Congress, by the second section of the apportion-
ment act, has altered the manner of holding the elections
for Congress in the States. Is this true? What al-
teration has Congress made? If I understant the
law, it neither makes nor alters any State regulation
upon the subject of the elections. It is true that, by
the section of ttie act just mentioned, Congress has
directed the States to alter their laws upon the subjec
of the elections. But, sir, there is a vast difference
between doing an act and ordering an act to be done.
In the latter case there may be no compliance with
orders. The act may not be performed.
If Congress claims the right to district the States
under that grant of power which gives authority to
prescribe the manner of holding elections, under what
clause of the constitution is the right claimed to di-
rect a State to do it? There is not a pretext for such
an assumption of power. Do gentlemen reflect upon
the dangerous tendency of this doctrine? If Con-
gress can transfer a granted power to the States, she
can, by transferring all she has, destroy this gov-
ernment. But still more alarming is the doctrino
that a power given to Congress to be exercised, she
can compel the States to exercise as she directs.
Congress has the power to prescribe the manner of
holding elections for Congress in a State; but, in-
stead of doing it, directs the States, upon penalty of
disfranchisement, to perform it in a particular way.
This is the strongest consolidation doctrine I have
ever heard; it is utterly subversive of State sov-
ereignty, and places the State legislatures under the
guardianship of Congress. The time has been,
when the claim of such a power would have aroused
every State in the Union. The legislatures of the
States—the highest power known in the States—the
representatives of the sovereign people of the States,
to be controlled and directed in their legislation by
an act of Congress! No sir; if Congress has the
power to district the States, let her do it; but let her
neither command nor direct the States to do so, with-
out authority. The States of New Hampshire,
Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri, pass laws pro-
viding for the time, place, and manner, of holding
elections, which none deny were constitutional;
Congress, by the second section of the apportion-
ment act, directs that the States shall be districted,
forcing the States to repeal their laws, and pass
others m their stead, to be done under penalty of
disfranchisement. Such an assumption of power is
ultra-federal. It was reserved for the 27th Congress
to attempt its exercise; and it remains for you to
determine whether this ignorance shall be consum-
mated by applying the threatened penalty. It is
conceded that Congress has many granted powers;
but no one who desires the States- and general gov-
ernment to move in their legitimate spheres, admits
that Congress can control the legislatures of the
States.
When the plan of the constitution was submitted
to the States for ratification, this fourth section was
the subject of much discussion; and so jealous were
the States of any infringement of their rights, that a
majority of the then States desired its amendment
or repeal—not because they supposed the power
was granted to Congress to compel a State legisla-
ture to repeal State laws and pass such as Congress
might direct, but because they objected to the slight-
est interference, upon the part of Congress, with
the internal regulations of the States. I will refer
you to some of the arguments offered by distin-
guished men in order to allay the apprehensions of
the States upon this subject, and induce them to
consent to the adoption of the constitution. And it
is, perhaps, well for us that an occasion has occurred
in which we may stir up our minds, by way of re-
membrance. These old doctrines of State rights,
well understood in the days of Madison aijd his
associates, are sometimes lost sight of in the heat of
party strife. Those who entertained them have
passed away, but have fortunately left the record of
thsir opinions as landmarks in the waste of party
contention:
"In the New York convention, Mr. Jones having
offered a resolution, 'that nothing jn the, constitu-
tion then under consideration should be construed
to authorize the Congress to make or alter any regu-
lations, in any State, respecting the times, places, or
manner, of holding elections for senators or repre-
sentatives, unless the legislature of such State shall
neglect or refuse to make laws or regulations for the
purpose, or, from any circumstance, be incapable
of making the same, and then only until the legisla-
ture of such State shall make provision in the
premises,' the honorable Mr. Jay said, 'that, as fir
as he understood the-ideas of the gentleman, he
seems to have doubts with respect to this paragraph,
and feared it might be misconstrued and abused.
He said that every government was imperfect*, un-
less it had the power of preserving itself. Suppose
that, by design or accident, the States neglect to ap-
point representatives; certainly there should be some,
constitutional remedy for this evil The obvious
