Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Haralson.
H. of Reps.
and the authority of training the militia, accord-
ing to the discipline prescribed by Congress."
But to the mandatory clause of that act: It pro-
vides by appropriation, for military equipments for
the whole body of the militia. But, he tells us,
they must be distributed; and for this purpose, Con-
gress, by the 3d section of the act, provided that "the-
arms purchased in virtue of tins act shall be trans-
muted to the several States composing this Union
and the Territories thereof, to each State and Terri-
tory respectively, m proportion to the number of
effective militia in each State and Territory, and by
each State anil Territory to be distributed to the mili-
tia, under such rules and regulations as shall be
by law prescribed by the legislature of each State
and territory." This he is pleased to call mandatory
on the States. I view it in a very different light. It was
nothing but an advisory course to be pursued in
distributing the arms, which, it was to be presumed,
the States would not object to, as it affected no right,
and curtailed no privilege. Suppose the States had
refused to distribute the arms thus provided: this
government could have sent an agent into the States
to distribute them, by an act for that purpose. She
would have been authorized to do so, under the
clause of the constitution upon that subject, having
the power to provide for "organizing, arming, and
disciplining the militia." It was not only a clear
constitutional right of Congress, but it neither affected
the rights, nor curtailed the privilege of the States, as
does the second section of the apportionment act.
But, fir, the right to command implies a duty to
obey, and the right of inflicting a penalty in case of
disobedience. Suppose this act of 3808 was
mandatory on the States, (as the gentleman
contends that it was,) and the States had refused
to make provisions for distributing the arms pro-
vided and forwarded to them: what then? Would
the gentleman contend that the States refusing had
forfeited her rght to be considered a member of this
Union; or that Congress could impose any penalty
on the States? The same argument applies to the
act of J792, entitled "an act more effectually to pro-
vide for the national defence, by establishing a uni-
form militia throughout the United States," in
which Congress did not itself arrange the militia of
the re-spctive States into divisions, brigades, regi-
ments, and companies, but left these regulations to
the States, and which the States did because it vio-
lated no right, and abridged no State privileges. But
it is very different with the act under consideration.
The constitutional provision in relation to the differ-
ent subjects are altogether different, as I have
shown.
The committee who have made the minority re-
port, sought to give this question a party bearing,
fhfry have indulged in party feeling, and dealt
in passionate invective. They have invoked the
people to arouse, and throw their betrayers from
them. The act of members, whose constituents
were mostly interested ill this subject, in claim-
ing their seats, had been characterized as law-
less and revolutionary. If this be a missile di-
rected at the party with which I act, it falls
harmless at their feet, or rebounds, with dou-
ble force, against those who sent h. They have
not deceived the people of these Slates with
promises they never could redeem. As far as
my own State is concerned, it cannot be said
to be a party question. The act of Congress was
met, I believe, with thr opposition of her repre-
sentation of both parties in both Houses of the
27th Congress; and at home, the legislature of
1842—the democratic party then in power—pass-
ed an act districting the State, which received
the veto of the governor. This was followed by
another act during the last session of that body (de-
cidedly whig) for the same purpose. The people of
Georgia have already shown, by the action of both
parties, that they would adopt the district system.
Both parties, whatever may have been their predi-
lections, either for or against this act, had put then-
tickets before the whole people of Georgia. A part
part of their representation is whig and a part demo-
cratic. The act was passed with a full knowledge
that the elections m some of the States (Georgia par-
ticularly) must necessarily take place under the
general-ticket system before any legislature could be
had, unless by means of an extia session of the
legislature. And 1 ask, sir, from whence you de-
rive the authority to subject the people of a State to
the inconvenience and expense of holding an extra
session of the legislature in Georgia, amounting to
not less than fifty thousand dollars, and perhaps
more? Congress has no such powefcr
I had hoped, sir, that, in discussing a question so
universally admitted to be of the utmost importance—
a grave constitutional question—gentlemen would
have elevated themselves above the paltry considera-
tions of party, and been influenced by the nobler
feelings of patriotism. Do these gentlemen remem-
ber their own action upon this grave subject' Who
would have believed that a question involving the
right of representation in a representative govern-
ment would have met with a partisan prejudgment;
and the representation from four of the States of this
Union, be denounced, in the most solemn manner, by
protest of fifty members of this House, offered at
the very threshhold of our legislative duties, and be-
fore the House was organized, as pretenders, pre-
sumptuously claiming to be members of this body,
and the act of claiming their seats proclaimed as
revolutionary in its tendency? Who would have
believed that fitly members of the American Con-
gress could have been found, who would have been
ready, not only to pronounce judgment against these
four States, unheard and in advance, but to declare
their determination to use every exertion to de-
prive these members of their seats; when they them-
selves were, by the constitution, made a part of the
judges who were afterwards to pass upon that very
question' By the rules of law, they have rendered
themselves incompetent judges. They would even
insinuate that delicacy would require the represent-
ation from these States to stand aside and let others
determine it. Let them determine it, when their
opinion is not only made up, written out, and sub-
scribed, but published throughout the whole length
and breadth of the land ! Why, sir, what solemn
mockery of all the forms of law ! It subverts eve-
ry principle oflaw, justice, and common sense.
And now, sir, a rule of this House is read with a
view of excluding the votes of these members,
whose constituents are interested in the question. I
shall abide whatever decision may be, made upon
that subject; but I shall be excused for reading a
decision in point, made in the New Jersey casej m
the 2(ith Congress, by "Mr. Adams, one of those
who signed the protest:
"Thechairman [Mr. adams] here stated to the
House what he conceived to be the rule. He con-
ceived the rule to be that the persons who present-
ed the evidence required by the constitution of the
United States, and the laws of the State of New
Jersey, were entitled to sit and vote in the House,
until deprived from doing so by the act of the
House. This was his opinion, and he expiessed it
with the more confidence, because he had declared
it before he was placed by a vote of the House in
the chair he now occupies."
And again, in the same case, in relation to this
same rule:
"The Chair decided that the five members from
New Jersey who were commissioned by the gov-
ernor, were not prohibited from voting under that
rule; they themselves were not immediately and
personally interested; it was their constituents only
who were interested."
And again, in the same case, he goes still further
and sustains, in the strongest manner, New Jer-
sey's right to representation, and sustains his own
political friends:
"The Chair would here remark to the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. rhett] that it would be
impossible for him to put the question upon laying
the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia on the
table, until it was determined by the House who
should vote. It would be for the House to deter-
mine for themselves who should be called; but, said
he, the State of .Yew Jersey cannot be deprived of a rep-
resentation,on this floor; and it shall not be so long as 1
standin this chair."
It is stated, sir, that this decision was received
with applause from the galleries. The New Jersey
rase differed from the one now under consideration
in this—that there then was a contest as'to who were
the rightful representatives, the seats of all but one
being contested. In his there is no contest, no one
claiming our seats. These decisions have been read,
to pass for what they are worth. They forcibly
impress us with the knowledge of human nature
displayed by the author of the fable, in which the
lawyer is made to reply, "circumstances alter cases."
Is it expected to make political capital of this
question? I had hoped, sir, and so expressed my-
self when I had the honor first to address the House
on this subject, in the early part of the session, that
the question should be determine^ irrespective of
such considerations; although I was acting with the
majority, I still hoped that it might be so determined.
Sure I am, however, in any eve,nt, that gentlemen
mistake in their calculation, when they suppose
that they are to realize any dividends from such
capital.
If gentlemen expect political capital by an at-
tempt to defranchise four of the States of this Union,
by the enforcement of an act declared only advisory
to the States, and in that sense only receiving the
signature of the President; and by the enforcement
of an arbitrary penalty for not obeying an act which
has repealed no law of the States, passed with a full
knowledge that some of the States could not pursue
its advice except at great expense, which Congress
had no right to impose upon them, they are welcome
to all that can be made. I am willing that the peo-
ple of my own State shall learn that there are those
here who view this government as a powerful cen-
tral government, and the State governments mere
petty corporations, whose legislatures can be di-
rected and controlled by Congress at its pleasure. I
trust, sir, that they may also learn that there are
others who are not ready to concede such powers to
this government, and who will stick to the ship of
State, however violent the storm, or deep the wave
or thick the foe—others, who look upon the consti-
tution in the spirit in which it was adopted, who
know the right of representation is amply secured in
the constitution; that it is the feature, in our form of
government which distinguishes it from the despot-
isms of the old world, and who will not trample
upon that right by the rejection of the representation
of four States of this Union.
APPENDIX.
The following are the protestations of seven of the
States m relation to the fourth section of the first
article of the Constitution, made at their ratifica-
tion of that instrument.
state of south carolina.
"And whereas it is essential to the preservation of
the rights reserved to the several States, and the
freedom of the people, under the operations of a gen-
eral government, that the right of prescribing the
manner, time, and places of holding the elections to
the federal legislature, should be forever inseparably
annexed to the sovereignty of the several States;
this convention doth declare that the same ought to
remain, to all posterity, a perpetual and fundamental
right in the local, exclusive of the interference of the
general government, except in cases where the legis-
latures of the States shall refuse or neglect to per-
form and fulfil the same, according to the tenor of
the said constitution."
state of virginia.
"That Congress shall not alter, modify, or inter-
fere in the times, places, or manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives, or either of
them, except when the legislature of any State shall
neglect, refuse, or be disabled, by invasion or rebel-
lion, to prescribe the same."
state of new york.
"That the Congress shall not make or alter any
regulation m any State respecting the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for senators or rep-
resentatives, unless the legislature of such State shall
neglect or refuse to make laws or regulations for the
purpose, or, from any circumstances, be incapable of
making the same; and then only until the legisla-
ture of such State shall make provision m the prem-
ises."
state of north carolina.
"That the Congress shall not alter, modify, or in-
terfere in the times, places, or manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, or either
of them, except when the legislature of any State
shall neglect, refuse, or be disabled, by invasion or
rebellion, to prescribe the same."
state of rhode island.
"That the Congress shall not alter, modify, or in-
terfere in the times, places, or manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, or either
of them, except when the legislature of any State
shall neglect, refuse, or be disabled, by invasion or
rebellion, to prescribe the same!"
state of massachusetts.
"That Congress do not exercise the powers vest-
ed in them by the fourth section of the tot article.
