' /.*'
of the Union, except the West, on this question.
Now," there needed' not the happening of that ca-
lamity which had just taken place on the Western
waters, to induce a majority of the House to vote
appropriations, and liberal appropriations, for West-
ern rivers; and gentlemen need not to have seized
upon that calamity to have enforced upon Congress
the d ty of making these appropriations. He, for
one, did not require such an appeal. He had long
known, from the daily history of the Western riv-
ers, the amount of hazard in navigating them, and
it was in this view that he made the remark, that he
would be willing to vote fifteen millions, and borrow
the money, provided their navigation could be ren-
dered safe in two years. But this, he knew, could
not be done; and that this work of clearing out the
Western waters by appropriations to be made year
by year, would last forever. He was therefore willing,
ana he believed the majority of the House was wa-
ling, to make the appropriations for clearing out'
these rivers annually.
Mr. B. then went on to contend, in reply to Mr.
Holmes, that the po%*er of the Government to im-
prove the navigation of our rivers extended as well
to one as to the other, and that there was nothing in
the ordinance of 1787 that gave Congress a right to
improve the Mississippi and its tributaries more
than any other of the navigable waters of the
Union.
Some explanations were here gone into between
Mr. BARNARD, Mr. HOLMES, and Mr. MC-
DOWELL, on that portion of the gentleman's ar-
gument.
Mr. BARNARD then proceeded to consent on a
disposition which he thought he had permved in
the House to separate the West from the North
and East, in relation to the improvement of naviga-
ble streams. He deprecated such an alienation. He
made some passing comments, likewise, on the re-
marks of other gentlemen who had spoken in the
course of this debate, and said he wished to bring
this House to a test vote. He wanted to see what
this House would do with regard'to public im-
provements; and, to effect that purpose, he was pre-
pared to offer an amendment to the pending resolu-
tion. He wished the House to come to a vote on
the whole subject of improvements; and, if the House
was disposed to make only partial appropriations,
it could be shown by the vote on the amendments.
He hoped the House would not make appropria-
tions on the ground taken by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kennedy.] He believed that gentle-
man's constituents would not support him on such
grounds; for they were generous, and just, and
honest. He (Mr. B.) would be willing to carry
this question to that gentleman's own people, if he
could reach them with his voice. The gentleman
from Indiana had complained that his constituents
were compelled to pay for their lands; and he had
said that any man who went into the West as a pi-
oneer, and struck his axe into the soil of the forest,
had a right to that soil. This position was an un-
tenable one; for they had no more right to the soil
in the West than they had to his horse. He con-
tended that the people of the East had paid as much
for their lands as the people of the West paid for
theirs; and they "had no good ground of complaint
in that respect. He again asserted that the interests
of all parts of this Union were identified with each
other; and the appropriations for the Western riv-
ers, the Lakes, the Hudson river, and other streams,
should go together. He read an extract from a
Boston paper, which spoke of the discharge of a
cargo of cotton from the South, and the loading of
the same ship with a return cargo of eleven thou-
sand packages, being the products of the West; and
asked how, in view of such circumstances, the dif-
ferent sections of this Union could be separated.
Mr. HOLMES inquired how much additional
cost was placed on those goods, the produce of the
West, for the benefit of the North, by the action of
this Government.
Mr. BARNARD replied, not one dollar; and that
assertion, he said, was demonstrable.
Did not the whole history of the tariff show that
its effect had always been a reduction of prices!
Could gentlemen name any article which had 'not
been reduced by the tariff? The only tariff com-
plained of, was a tariff with a view to protection;
and it was that tariff of which he spoke. He main-
tained that the duties imposed on our foreign im-
ported articles did not, by any means, as was as-
serted, entirely come out of the consumer of those
articles. Take, for instance, those articles which
can be manufactured withiji the country.
Mr. HOLMES. Has the price of railroad iron
been reduced in consequence of the duty?
Mr. BARNARD. Yes, sir; it has; An offer has
been reeently made by a company to furnish rail-
road iron at a price considerably less than it bore he- ,
fore the tariff was passed.
Sir, (continued Mr. B.) I was alluding to certain
facts which make me jealous of the West; which led
me to believe that Western gentlemen and some
others were desirous of separating the interests of the
West from those of the East and North. I was al-
luding to the claim on the part of the West that they
might dip their hands in the treasury because they
had put so much into it. Gentlemen, also, com-
plained of another thing; they complained that they
were not only obliged to pay the price of goods pur-
chased in the Eastern market, but that they were
obliged to pay—what' Why, the cost of transport-
ation, and the interest of the money invested in the
business! This complaint had been solemnly made
upon that floor; just as though the gentlemen, be-
cause they happen to live seven or eight hundred
miles away from the place where goods are manu-
factured, were to have them furnished at their very
doors at the same prices as at the place where they
were manufactured! Away with such arguments!
Gentlemen must teach a different docirine of politi-
cal morality.
Mr. KENNEDY rose and asked if the gentle-
man would allow him to correct some statements as
to his position. r
Mr. BARNARD said if he had misrepresented
him in anything, he certainly would allow the ex-
planation.
Mr. KENNEDY. Why, Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman has misrepresented me in everything. Be-
cause, in my remarks yesterday, I referred to the
fact that the Western States were the only ones in
the Union which had paid the price of their soil into
the national treasury, he represents me as attempting
to induce my constituents and the Western people
to appropriate other people's property to their own
use? I ask him what Government on the face of
the earth, except ours, ever sold out its soil to its
citizens?
But the gentlemen is not content to misrepresent
me; but he, upon that misrepresentation, appeals
from me to my constituents, and intimates that he
will appear before the people of the tenth congres-
sional district, and teach them, I suppose, what they
shall think, and how they shall act, on this and other
matters; such as whom they shall elect to represent
them on this floor, and what such Representative
shall think and say.
Sir, this is an unusual assumption; and, in reply
to it, I have only to say that, if the gentleman takes
my district in his next circuit of appeals, I will try
aifd meet him there. But I will warn him, in ad-
vance, that, should he come there, with his dicta-
torial airs, assuming to advise and direct my con-
stituents, he may perchance find himself in a duck-
pond, after having been rode on a fence-rail.
Mr. BARNARD said he again solemnly dissent-
ed from the opinion of the gentleman. He did not
believe there existed among the gentleman's con-
stituency any such disposition of brutality as the
gentleman had described. No; he would not fear to
go into the gentleman's congressional district, and
there, in a temperate, logical, argumentative way,
rebut these very doctrines. Nor would he very
much fear to meet the gentleman himself in the field
of argument upon that question in his own district.
He would fear neither the gentleman nor his con-
stituents. He believed that a man who was peace-
ably inclined^ could pass through that constituency
with entire safety, expressing all the opinions which
he might desire'to promulgate. He did not believe
at all in the brutal character which the gentleman
had given to that constituency. In regard to the
explanation which the gentleman had offered he
would leave it to be judged of by the House. What
did it amount to after all? That this was the first
example where government had sold lands to its
citizens. But this did not happen to be exactly true.
Every government in this country had sold its
lands to its own citizens, and put the purchase
money into its coffers. The lands belonged to the
whole nation, and not to those who happen to
squat down upon them. They belonged to the peo-
ple of New York, of Virginia, the New England
States, and, in fact, of all the States, and not to
those who happened to seize upon the possession.
The hour having expired—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON obtained the floor.
Mr. BARNARD desired permission, before the
gentleman from Tenhessee proceeded; to present/an
amendment. ' " * .
Mr. JOHNSON refused to yield the 'floor. - -■ 1 •
He had made the motion to reeonsider* on "the
ground that, by the original resolution, it was mjsde
imperative on the committee to report a bill.- That
was the only objection. There had been two clays! de-
bate upon the merits of the Western waters. And the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnard! seemed
determined, by much speaking, to win the Western
members in favor of his schemes of Northern im-
provement.
The only question really before " the. House was
as to the order of business; whether they should re-
commit the subject to a committee to inquire .how
much money should be appropriated. And he
would venture to say that a committee could
could not be found in that House who would not be
willing to make an appropriation for the Mississipr
pi river. The debate had taken a wide range, and
had been kept up without any earthly profit to the
country at large. If the subject had been allowed to
take its ordinary course, he would venture to say
that a bill would, before this time, have been before
the House making the appropriation they sought
for. The debate had retarded instead of accelera-
ting their progress. He thought it highly neces-
sary, however, that the committee should first in-
quire into tlie extent of the means at the disposal of
the Government; for he, for one, was'not prepared to
vote for an appropriation until he knew where the
means were to come from, and how much could be
spared. He would, therefore, move to strike out so
much of the resolution as makes it imperative upon
the Committee of Ways and Means to report a bill,,
and to substitute a direction that the committee in-
quire into the expediency of reporting a bill; and
upon this motion he asked for the previous ques-
tion. ,
Mr. BARNARD hoped the House would not
sustain the previous question under the circum-
siances, as it would exclude his amendment. And
he appealed to the gentleman from Tennessee, as a
matter of ordinary courtesy, to give him an opportu-
nity to offer it. .
The demand for the previous question being in-
sisted upon, tellers were appointed, (Messrs. Wis-
throp and Steenrod,) who reported 81 votes in the
affirmative, and 58 in the negative.
So the previous question was ordered.
The main question was then put, being upon Mr.
Cave Johnson's amendment; and, upon this ques-
tion, the yeas and nays were demanded, and ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 108, nays 61, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barr'nger, Barnard,
Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James A. Black, Black,
well, Jocob Brinkerhofi', Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Burt,
Campbell, Carv, Cairoll, Reuben Chapman. Augustus A.
Clmpman, Chappell, Chilton, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb,
Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Cross, Cnllom, Dana, Daniel
Richard D.Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham,
Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Forlee, Foot, Giddings, Gilmer, Ham-
lin, Hammett, Haralson, Herrick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Jame«
B Hunt Cliarles J. Ingersoll, Cave Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Darnel P.
Kmff Lahranehe, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon,
iV'ccielland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh, Jlose-
ley, Murphy, Nes. Newton, Parmenter, Patterson Payne,
E D Potter Pratt, Ramsev, Rathbun, Ravner, C. M. Read,
David S. Reid. Reding, Rhett, Bitter, Sobmson, Rogers,
St. John, Sample, Saunders, Severance, David L. -.eymonr,
Simons, Albert Smith, John T Smith, John Stewart, Sfaies,
Strong. Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tj ler, Whcaton, Wil-
'^NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Bossier, Bower. Bovilin, Boyd,
Milton Brown. William J Brown,
Tohn W Davis, Douglass, Duncan, Ficklm, Florence,
French Frick, Willis Green. Grinnell, Gricer, Hardin, Har-
ner Hcnlv, Hosre, Hudson, Joseph R Ingersoli, Imn, Jcnly,
PerW B Johnson, McCauslin, McCienvmd^ .YcConnei..
\« Wwar.]J Morris Joseph Morns, „  orsc, Isorri:,
k^r reuon R«lfe Schick, Liter, Shdeil. Thomas
«nUth cll-b B Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod Andrew
s^w-'rt- Stone Thomasson, Tibbatts, Vance. Vanmeter,
Vinton!'VVeller, Wentworth,. White Wmthrop, VUlkins,
Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright 61.
The question then recurred on agreeing to tne
resolution as amended; which, being put, was car-
ried, without a divisioh.
GENERAL JACKSON S FINE.
Mr PHATT presented the resolutions of the Le-
eis'atitre of New York, instructing their Senators
and requesting their Representatives m Congress to
use their best endeavors to procure the passage of
the bill to refund the fine imposed on General Jack-
son by Judge Hall.
The resolutions having been read,
Mr. PRATT moved that they he on the table.
Mr. BARNARD rose, and said he had no objeo
