Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Jl. V. Brown.
H. of Reps.
which had passed the law, protested against their
recognition; but they protested in the face of creden-
tials precisely like their own; in the face of their
own favorite doctrine, so much relied on in the New
Jersey case, that the broad seal of a State was prima
facie evidence of a right to a seat in this hall. Day
after day they clamored for the privilege of record-
ing at full length their protest against their admis-
sion. According to ail parliamentary law, and all
the rules of correct practice, they had no such right;
but, in a party point of view, it might have been bet-
ter to have allowed them to spread it on the journal.
It would have established against them, to all future
generations, an inconsistency in doctrine, an insta-
bility of principle, only equalled by the atrocity of
their attempted invasion on the rights of the States.
It, is a proud reflection that, in the whole history
of this subject, the democratic party has preserved
the most exact and beautiful consistency. It has
followed the light of all the examples of its illustri-
ous founder. In originally voting against this sec-
tion, and in afterwards admitting the members on
the presumptive validity of. their credentials, we
have manifested the most delicate and scrupulous
regard for the rights of the States.
Mr. Speaker, I come now to the consideration
of the constitutionality of the second section of
tiie apportionment bill of 1842. If it be con-
strued as a command to the States, it. is evidently
unconstitutional. If it fall short of a command, but
is to be regarded as a penalty suspended over
the heads of the States, depriving tliem of represent-
ation if they shall fail or refuse to conform to the
declared will of Congress, it is equally unconstitu-
tional. Who ever authorized this Government to
hold penalties, conditional or unconditional, over the
heads of the sovereign States of this Union? The
constitution may command them, but the Congresv
of the United States cannot. The constitution did
command them to prescribe the time, place, and
manner of holding elections, and the States of New
Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri,
have done so. On the days of the election of their
present members, they were obeying this command
of the constitution: for they were acting through-
out the election under laws which their legislatures
had enacted in precise accordance with the requisi-
tions of the constitution. Their laws, then, "were as
valid and binding as any law passed on the subject
by Congress could be, so far as the source of power
for such legislation was concerned—the power m
both cases running back and resting on the constitu-
tion. It is, therefore, perfectly plain that the regu-
lations of those States were valid and binding at the
time of their elections, unless Congress had either
made new ones or altered those of the States. I
am desirous, sir, to fix your attention on the very
day, and on the hours of their elections. The
people were assembled to exercise the greatest
privilege of freemen; they were assembled on
the right day, for Congress had not interfered
with that; they were assembled at the right places,
for Congress had not legislated at all as to them;
what, tlien, remained of doubt oi of question? Why,
it must be as to the manner of holding the elei-
tion-—what officers should hold it—how the votes
should betaken in, whether lira roof or otherwise.
If the word manner has a wide signification in the
general, it is here expressly limned by the word
holding. Xow, remember that tiie legislatures of
those Slates had provided every thing necessary as
to the manner of holding the elections; they had done
that, too, by the express command of the < onstitu-
tion. But did Congress, by the act of 1842, either
alter these regulations as to the manner of holJmg
the elections, or make new ones inconsistent villi
them? Congress did not touch that subject at all; it
did not allude to the manner of holding these elec-
tions—who should take in the votes—whether they
should be given viva voce or otherwise: all these mat-
ters were, therefore, unrepenled or unaltered by the
act of Congress. 8
The elections so proceeded. The people assem-
bled—on the right day—at the right places; they
Save in their votes to the right officers, who de-
clared the result, and certified'accordingly. Well,
so far, none will deny but that the people have done
all in their power, and that they have acted not only
in accordance, with the laws oi the State, but with
those of Congress. Why, then, can they not have
their representatives on this floor? They have com-
plied literally with the. laws of the State, and these
laws were passed precisely according to the consti-
tution of the United States; nor have they acted in
anywise inconsistent with any law of Congress in
relation to the manner of holding their elections;
why, then, cannot they have the benefit of repre-
sentation here? Gentlemen answer, because those
States hare not been laid off hxto districts■ Well, I
take the answer. Who did not lay off the districts?
First, Congress did not; secondly, those States did
not; no other body could have done it. And so,
between the action of Congress or of the legisla-
tures, the people are. to he deprived of the great
and inalienable right of representation. Sir,
it cannot be so—it must not be so. Every intend-
ment must be made, and every construction must be
given to the action of Congress and of the legisla-
tures, which will preserve, and not destroy, a right
so justly dear to freemen. Gentlemen reply to this
by saying, that although Congress did not lay off
the districts, yet she declared that the number to
which each State should be entitled should be elected
by districts, and that these districts should be com-
posed of contiguous territory, and that it was left to
the States to lay them off or not, as they might think
proper. Mark, sir, the high imperative words
which these gentlemen employ—which their law
of 1842 employs: " Shall lie elected by dis-
tricts "—" shall be composed of contiguous ter-
ritory." To whom is tjns language addressed
but to the. legislatures of the Slates' If Con-
gress did not, who else, couhl lay off the districts
but the legislatures? who are even told hoir to lay
them off—" of contiguous territory1" and yet gentle-
men have over and over again admitted that as a
command of the general to the Slate governments, it
is entirely null and void.
Let us now take another step in the progress of
this argument. Suppose these four States to have
obeyed this command of Congress, and to have laid
off the districts: then, of course, the election would
have been held by districts. Why? Simply be-
cause the last law of the State establishing the dis-
trict system, would have repealed the former law of
the State establishing the general-tie ket system. So,
if Congress, instead of issuing a command which it
could not enforce, had proceeded to lay off the dis-
tricts for and within the several States, then it might
have been argued, on the other side, that the later act
of Congress, establishing the district system, repealed
and disannulled the former laws of the. Stales, estab-
lishing the general-ticket system. In both of these
cafes the argument is, that the setting up of the one
system is the pulling down of the other. Well, let
us test this question by that arjutnent. Did Con-
gress cet up a district system so incompatible with
the general ticket of the States as to supersede or
displace it? Did Congress set up or establish a dis-
trict system at all? She declared there should be one
set up or established by somebody; but by whom,
she did not say. She did not set it up herself; awl
the advocates of her laws say she did not mean to
command the States to set up or establish it: and
these four States, accordingly, have not done so.
The conclusion follows this statement of the facts,
that, by not laying oft the districts herself, Congress
has only issued an abstract declaration of her will
and pleasure, without setting tip any system super-
seding or displacing that of the. States. As a rule ot*
action for the government of the people, it is im-
practicable. As a system for the preservation of
their rights, it is impossible of execution. But
shall their rights, therefore, perish? Cerhin'y not.
Unsecured by the, vague and impracticable, legisla-
tion of Congress, they shall live and abide in the
leaislation of the States; foui.ded on the same au-
thority as that of Congress—the constitution of the
land. It was to guard and preserve to the people
tiiis great right of suffrage, that a double protection
was provided by the constitution. It was to be pro-
tected both by the legislatures of the States and by
Congress: neither could destroy it. If the legisla-
ture "should assail it by prescribing no regulations as
to the time, place, and manner of exercising it, then
Congress might make them. But the true question
is, can Congress, under this conservatory provision,
do anything, not to preserve, but to destroy, this
great light? Could Congress say, "I have left this
power long enough with the States, and will there-
fore take it to myself?"—the whole power ovei the
time, place, and manner of holding elections. Say-
ing and resolving this, could she pass a law de-
claring that all laws and parts of laws passed by the
States, providing for the holding of elections for
Congress, should be repealed, and that hereafter all
laws upon that subject shall be passed only by her-
self? If she went no farther than that; if she did
not actually make the necessary laws for holding
elections,—would such a law be a valid repeal of
the State laws, and would the right of suffrage be
lost and sacrificed? No, sir, never. Congress would
have no right to repeal the State laws at all. Her
abstract declaration would pass for nothing; and it
would be only by going on beyond such abstrac-
tions, and actually building up a system of regula-
tions totally inconsistent with those of the States,
that she ever could supersede them. This glorious
right, lying deep in the foundations of our free in-
stitutions, could not have been better secured. If it
may ever die in the legislatures of the States, it is
because it springs into new life in the Congress of
the United States? and when it dies here, it is reani-
mated in the States. Sir, in the theory of our form
of government, it is an immortal right, and can
never perish but with our free institutions.
Mr. Speaker, there are many other views of
this cons'titutional question; but I have not time to
take them. I think it may well be questioned
whether the term manner has allusion to the laying
off of districts at all; and I entertain strong doubts
whether, if Congress assume jurisdiction over
any part of the regulations of elections, she must
not take jurisdiction of the whole. Howev-
er these questions may be solved, I am clear
in the opinion, that if she assume to regulate the
time, she, must specify the time; if the place, she
must designate the plaee; and if the manner relates
to districts, she must create the district., or other
territorial division. These are my opinions; and I
was in nothing so much surprised as that the dom-
inant .party, who passed the law, should have Stop-
ped short of actually laying off the districts—that
being the most effectual way to have secured the
accomplishment of their purposes. What were
those purposes? I have already stated them—the
perpetuation of their ill-gotten power. The elec-
tions were turning rapidly against them. Some-
thing must be done. This plan was devised. The.
ancient usages of the States were to be disregarded,
and a command was to be sent forth which they
knew many of the lion-hearted democratic States
would scorn to obey. Scorning to obey, they might
return members to this House, who might sue in
vain for admission here. Rejected, as they hoped
all such would be, and as all such would have been
but fir the unusual democratic strength of this ses-
sion, the sceptre of power might still be retained by
them, in spite of the murmuts of a deceived and
insulted people. Did you not mark the promptness,
as if by concert nid premeditation, with which the
question of their admission was sprung upon the
House, on the first day of the session. Never
before, since the foundation of this government,
was a document found ready printed and laid
upon our tables before Congress was even organ-
ized. The speech of one of the advocates of
this second section, made in 1842, was here,
bright and fresh from the press, by 10 o'clock
in the morning. Besides this, did you ever see so
long a protest prepared and presented in so short a
time' Everything seems to have been "cut and
dried" for the occasion. Now, sir, suppose your
inajoiily here had not exceeded twenty: do you not
perceive; tiie consequences' AVilh a large majority
of the people of the'United States democratic, you
would have had a whig Speaker—whig committees
—whig printers—whig organisation throughout;
and th'c whole system of whig measures might
have been still fastened on the country—condemned
and repudiated as they hove been by the American
people. What could have saved this country from
such results? Nothing 1 know of—nothing but a
repetition of those executive vetoes, which entitle
the President to the lasting gratitude of the, nation.
Even now you evei v day hear the sound of the
"oillotmc from the. other end of this building, and
behold the headless bodies of their victims borne
away from the Capitol; what would have been the
slate of things, then, with both branches fully or-
ganized against you' What could you have done
to stay the arm of federal d mmation? In connex-
ion with this view of the subject, take that, other
bill passed at that session auxiliary to this—the bill
providing for the organization of this House. The
consiiuiuon expressly provide;] tli.it each House
should be the judge" of the flection, qualificition,
and return of its own members. By that bill all
this poweT was given to your then Clerk, a warm
and devoted friend to the dominant partyi No ap-
peal could be taken from Ins decision—his de-
cree of admission r>r n joetion was to be final
and conclusive. I know it is often said that sue h
admission was to last only during organisation,
and until the Committee of Elections m'ghi re
