Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Molition Petitions—Mr. McCauslen.
H. of Reps.
tinies of the republic; they have clothed Congress
with all the powers it possesses, and wisely drew
the lines between that power and the power pos-
sessed by the other co-ordinate branches of the gov-
ernment. The power of Congress is, then, specific,
prescribed, and limited by the constitution. This
power being derived from the States, or from the
people in their State capacities, Congress is bound
by the limits thus set by the States.
He was aware that, on this question of the 21st
rule, he occupied different ground from gentlemen
who have spoken on either side of the question.
He had never found so much difficulty as some
other gentlemen, in a constitutional point of view.
He had viewed the passage of this rule as fully
settling, for the time being, all petitions of a pecu-
liar class; and the final action on the passage of the
rule, as prospective action on such petitions as come
within the rule. He, therefore, viewed this ques-
tion as one of expediency only; and, at the open-
ing of the present Congress, voted to retain the rule,
not wishing to touch this exciting question during
the_ excitement of an organization of the House,
the importance of which was of more interest to
the country than any other question. And now,
when this question is up, in the regular order of bu-
siness, it ought to be considered calmly and dispas-
sionately, laying aside all sectional prejudice, and
decided for the common interest of the whole
Union. He was of the opinion that the general
good required that the rule should not be retained.
And, while he took this position, he did it with
great deference to the opinions of other gentlemen,
who honestly differed with him in their opinions on
this point. It has been said that the operation of
the rule excludes all abolition petitions—that is, all
petitions adjudged by the Speaker to come within
the rule are laid on the table, without further de-
bate. This was adopted for the purpose of saving
the time of the House; and its operation, for a time,
seemed to answer the purpose intended; but now
the attempts to evade the rule seem to be the great-
est evil, and cause the greater consumption of the
time of the House. He said, as he before re-
marked, the action on the passage of the rule was
prospective action on all petitions embraced within
the rule.
But, he remarked, let us examine how far the
power of Congress extends over the citizens of the
country—over the liberties and property of the
people. And, as this District is more directly in
question than the States, let us examine how far
the power of Congress extends over the property
of the ten miles square. The fifth article of the
amendments to the constitution prohibits Congress
and all the other departments of government from
depriving the people "of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law; nor shall private prop-
erty be taken for public use without just compensa-
tion." But, it is said that Congress shall "exercise
exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over
such district, not exceeding ten miles square, as
may, by cession of particular States, ana the ac-
ceptance of Congress, become the seat of govern-
ment of the United States."
Mr. M. inquired, what is property in this District?
No one will deny that slaves are held, under the
constitution and laws, as property, both here and
elsewhere; and your superior courts throughout the
Union have so dccided; and the fifth article of the
constitution, which every member of Congress has
taken a solemn oath to support, declares that no cit-
izen shall be deprived of that "property without due
course of law." But our friends on the other side
of the House say, that Congress shall have "exclu-
sive legislation in all cases whatsoever." And the
gentleman from Massachusetts drew a figure the
other day to prove that Congress had a right to
abolish slavery here at once. But the gentleman's
figure was unfortunate; he said, suppose he [Mr.
Hudson] should buy a farm, would he not have the
entire control of that farm, to dispose of it as he
pleased? True, if he held the fee, such would be the
case; but, unfortunately for the gentleman, Congress
never did purchase the fee to the District; nor a title
to the soil, men, or property; no private rights were
transferred. Congress only became possessed of
the right to the exclusive legislation for the District;
not jurisdiction—that comprehends something more.
That is divided among all the departments—the
legislative, the judicial, and executive; and the pri-
vate rights of the most humble individual cannot be
infringed "without due course of law;" that is,
without a speedy and public trial by jury. There-
fore to say that Congress can usurp the rights of
all the other departments of the government, and
wrest property from all the legal owners, without
a trial, would be to make the legislative depart-
ment a perfect despotism; and would virtually
abolish our well-balanced form of government. But,
gentlemen inquire, cannot a law be passed, taking
property for public use? The constitution itself an-
swers the question; never, without a compensation
be paid the owners. But, it is asked, cannot slavery
be abolished prospectively? It may, if the people
think best. Public opinion can do much; but it is
always led. . It does its work willingly. It is never
forced into measures. Hence the impolicy of the
modern plan of abolition, which strikes alike at the
constitution, at private rights, and the best interests
of the whole country.
Here Mr. M. read an extract from the Balti-
more Sun, copied from the Liberator, an abolition
paper:
"Commentary.—William Lloyd Garrison, in the
last Liberator, says: 'Morally speaking, I am more
and more convinced, by inquiry and conversation,
that the liberty party, as such, in New England, is
utterly unprincipled, and the most dangerous foe
with which genuine auti-slavery has to contend.' "
Here (Mr. M. remarked) was to be seen some-
thing of the nature of this new philanthropy, which
seems peculiarly designed for these United States.
The extract just quoted shows the view in which
the great leader of the northern abolitionists views
this question. Mr. Garrison has become alarmed at
the monster which he has been so instrumental in
rearing into existence, "morally speaking, the most
dangerous foe" genuine anti-slavery men have to
contend with. And why so dangerous? Why has
the policy, until so very lately lauded as the conser-
vative principle of the republic, all at once become so
obnoxious to this champion m the cause of aboli-
tion? Is it because these liberty men are too bold
in developing their principles so soon—.'before the
pillars of the government are sufficiently under-
mined, before the compromises of the constitution
are sufficiently weakened, so as to permit the ma-
chinery to be broken in pieces by the enemies of
our republican fornl of government.' If not, what so
alarming in the progress of sentiments once so or-
thodox with the editor of that paper?
Mr. M. remarked, if I may be permitted to judge
of the cause of the holy horror manifested by Mr.
Garrison, it will be traced to the proceedings of im-
prudent friends within the walls of this Capitol.
Take a calm and dispassionate view of the course
of certain gentlemen on this floor, and listen to the
cool and settled efforts to introduce into Congress
the very measures once introduced into the Hart-
ford convention. And if the representations of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] are to
be relied upon, those measures were not of a very
patriotic origin, nor were they intended to cement
the union of these States; but, on the contrary, to
divide this blood-bought republic, and establish a
northern confederacy, under the special protection
of our then open enemy, with which we were at
war.
And, Mr. Speaker, these celebrated Massachusetts
resolutions, asking to unsettle the compromises of
the constitution, are said to be an exact copy of
resolutions introduced into the Hartford convention.
Then, are not measures so bold and daring as these,
enough to alarm the friends of original abolition, if
a single spark of love of country be left3
Mr. M. remarked, let us examine what kind of
a thing this abolition hobby-horse is; this political
liberty party, that has so frightened the sensitive
nerves of the editor of the Liberator. In the first
place, it is political, and a common donkey of every
political aspirant, of easy political virtue, to mount,
in order to accomplish his end. Hence, it has been
no uncommon thing to see wliigs and abolitionists at
once mounted and speeding on to political preferment.
But since the passage of the twenty-first rule, the
animal has improved in flesh and spirits, and has
thrown whigery from the saddle, to the great dis-
comfiture and chagrin of that party. And this
liberty party has, of late, assumed the form which
1 have just described, to the great alarm of its foster-
mother, the "genuineanti-slavery party."
On what does this "dangerous party" base its po-
litical action? My reply is, this twenty-first rule.
Without it, it never would have existed; that rule
became the hobby-horse on which it mounted in
turn, (as all parties without principle must have
some hobby to ride,) and made a false issue with
the people, It is the sacredness of the right of pe-
tition on which it relies for success. The right of
petition is almost entirely the beginning and the
end of every question presented by it. Now, sir,
I am unwilling that, by any act of ours, we should
furnish the instrument to designing men to strike a
death-blow to our free institutions—the only free
government in the world. But gentlemen object to
a reference of abolition petitions, because the dis-
cussions arising on them would occupy much time
of the House. Why, sir, if any other state of things
than the present would occupy more time of the
House than is now occupied, it would be bad enough
indeed; but my opinion is, that much less time
would be occupied by referring them than is now
spent on this question. Almost all your petitions
now evade the rule; or at least the effort to evade it
gives rise to much more debate than otherwise
would arise.
But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. M.
Brown] is of opinion that, if the rule is sustained, it
will completely cure all feeling in the South on this
question. Suppose it does: what good will that do?
It is not the South that is diseased; and it is worse
than useless to apply medicine to a person that is
not sick. No, sir; the disease is in the North and
West, and it is there you must apply the restorative;
and this rule, as I have said, is doing more to foster
this party there than everything else. Strike it
from your rules and you prostrate that party, by
preventing it from making a false issue before the
people.
But, it was asked, what would be done with these
petitions? Why, sir, the course is marked out by
the business orders of the House: refer them, if
courteous and reasonable; if not, reject them at the
threshhold-—at their entrance into Congress But
do not afford grounds for misconstruction. Let the
people know all the facts, and, my word' for it, they
will act right. But permit designing men to miscon-
strue your motive, and once permit them to make
the impression that your object is to stifle public sen-
timent, and I tell you, sir, you cannot resist the effect
that will be produced by such a course.
But, sir, from whence came this spirit of abolition?
The answer is, from over the water—from that coun-
try from which we'sprang into existence as a nation;
from that country which once claimed this country
as her own: yes, sir, from England, who always
measures her philanthropy by dollars and cents,
conies this paternal care over what she terms slaves,
but who are better fed, better clothed, and enjoy
more happiness than a majority of her own starving,
freezing, and (he might add) dying, population;—
when he said dying, he meant starving to death for
the want of the common necessaries of life. It was
from thence that this plant found its way into this
republican soil. And why was it thus introduced,
while her starving millions were suffering at home?
Were there no subjects there for this spirit of phi-
lanthropy to operate upon? Yes, sir, yes; there was
an open field, but that field was subject to an aristoc-
racy; although starving, they were subjects of the
king, and that was enough. But America had no
king; she has no starving population; therefore the
labor of this country must be subject to the crown.
And he feared that this was the object at the bottom
of this whole matter. The South was deemed the
most vulnerable point, and, of course, was the point
of attack.
He remarked, that, when he said this as to the or-
igin of the abolition excitement, he did not mean to
convey the opinion that all now engaged in promoting
the abolition cause were governed by this spirit; in-
deed, he knew that such was not the case; many
were honest and (he might say) patriotic in their
zeal on this question.
What was the cause or causes which have made
the people of England a nation of lords and paupers?
which has placed the power in the hands of the
few, and made the mass beggars? It is monopolies;
monopolies of land, of wealth of every description;
yes, and of the price of labor. And how is that
accomplished? By what policy is such a state of
things brought about' The answer is matter of his-
tory—a national bank, a funded debt, and a high
protective tariff. These are the potent engines of
oppression in that country, wluch have prostrated
that once boasted land of freedom before the shrine
of kingly powers. And what is the spectacle which
we see here on this floor? Nothing less than the
champions for liberty—yes, the new-fangled liberty-
men, who shed so many tears over the black popu-
lation of the South—all equally devoted advocates
of the British system of oppression: a national
bank, a high protective tariff, and « funded d«bt, by
