174
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OBE.
Jan. 1844.
.Abolition Petitions—Mr. Rhett.
H. of Reps.
the assumption of the debts of the States; and add-
ed to this, the advocates of the identical, or at least
a eopy of the identical, resolutions for unsettling the
compromises of the constitution, once offered in the
Hartford convention. Then, with all these facts be-
fore us, ought not every friend of his country to
look with suspicion on any policy which combines
all the stratagems of the monarchies of the old
world, to unsettle the glorious principles on which
this government is based?
He concluded by exhorting gentlemen on both
sides of the House, abolitionists, and those who are
not abolitionists, to consider these facts, which can-
not help casting their shadows before, and decide all
those exciting questions for the interest of our com-
mon country; and not permit their minds to be car-
ried away with the excitement of the moment on
either side; let them shun the rocks of Scylla, while
they escaped the whirlpool of Charybdis, and decide
all questions with an eye to the greatest good to the
greatest number.
SPEECH OF MR. RHETT,
of south carolina.
In the House of Representatives, January 11, 1844—
On the right of petition.
Mr. Speaker: I rise to debate the right of peti-
tion, so often describe^ on this floor as a great una-
lienable and constitutional right. The fate of the
fate of the rule which gentlemen contend infringes
it, I know is sealed. The twenty-first rule is to
be repealed. Not, therefore, to affect the present
action of this House, but for the sake of the past—
to vindicate the conduct of those who originated it,
and have enforced it in Congress for the last six
years—the South, and the demociatic party,—I rise
to debate the right of petition. X propose to show
that they have infringed no rights of the people, and
violated no mandate of the constitution, in the course
they have pursued.
Sir, I have listened, with the utmost effort and
attention, to gentlemen who have preceded me, to
understand, if possible, what they meant by the
right of petition. Aright, to be a light at all, must
be of value. It must confer a positive benefit, or
prevent a positive evil; and to be a ;.;reat popular,
constitutional right, it must do more—affect vitally
the liberties of the people, and stand out on the
pages of the constitution. Neither the benefit of the
right, nor its existence, can be doubtful or question-
able. Now, I have endeavored in vain to under-
stand m what this right consists, or in what it has
been impugned in the action of Congress. Some
say that the 21st rule infringes the light of petition
in lcfusing to receive petitions ; and that if they are
received, and are laid on the table, or disposed of in
any other summary way, the right is satisfied.
Others s.iy that is too slight a consideration; the
right is invaded if you do not gi\e the petition a
more solemn consideration; it should be referred to
a committee, and the right is satisfied. Others go
further, and say the right involves a report from a
committee, and free debate. None have yet marched
up to the proposition that the right of petition in-
volves the granting of its prayers by the legislature,
although just as good an inference in logic as any of
the other stages of legislation at which they stop.
All, however, agree that some control over the le-
gislation of Congress is involved m the right of pe-
tition. To make this control a right at all, it must
be effectual for something. To receive a petition,
and immediately lay it on the table, or reject its
prayer, or postpone it indefinitely, differs not at all,
m its result, from refusing to receive it. All are
different methods of rejecting it; nor will even refer-
ring the petition be of any avail, unless it is referred
to a committee, a majority of whose members are in
favor of its demands. To this extent, at least, it ap-
pears to me, those who talk of the tight of petition,
when mingled with legislation, must go, to make it
a right at all. I am prepared, sir, to show that, nei-
ther m tlii5 extreme, nor m any other of the stages
of legislation adverted to, does the right of petition
exist; and that, if it does exist m these various acts
of legislation, it is not only unsupported by the con-
stitution, but is hostile to its very existence.
Our fathers were neither ignorant nor unmindful
of the right of petition. They knew its inestimable
value in a government like ours, for the great pur-
poses of popular information and popular control;
and they stamped into the constitution the proof of
the consideration in which they held it, and of their
y-'isdo!:i in protecting it. In the first amended arti-
uc of the constitution, it i?, orovided that "Congress
shall make no law respecting the establishment of
religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or
abridging the freedom of speech or of the press; or
the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to pe-
tition the government for a redress of grievances." In
looking down the whole page of amendments, as
well as in this article, it will be seen that they all re-
late to personal rights of the people. The right in the
people to bear arms, "to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable
searches and seizures;" to "a presentment of a grand
jury, before trial for crimes," are all personal rights.
So, in this article, Congress is restrained from pass-
ing laios which prohibit the people from the free ex-
ercise of religion, freedom of speech, or the press,"
or "the right' of the people peaceably to assemble
and to petition the government for a redress of
grievances." These, sir, are all personal rights of
the people, which our ancestors did not enjoy under
the dominion of the British crown; and they de-
termined that Congress should have no power to
violate them. The act of George 1, s. 2, c. 5, com-
monly called the riot act, constituted the grievance
at which the provision in favor of the people "peace-
ably to assemble" aimed. That act provides "that
if any twelve persons are unlawfully assembled to
the disturbance of the peace, and any one justice of
the peace, sheriff, under-sheriff, or mayor of a town,
shall think .proper to command them, by proclama-
tion, to disperse; if they contemn his orders, and
continue together for one hour afterwards, such
contempt shall be felony, without benefit of clergy.
And further, "if the reading of the proclamation be
by force opposed, or the reader be in any manner
wilfully hindered from reading it, such opposers and
hinderers are felons, without benefit of clergy: and all
persons, to whom such proclamation ought to have
been made, and knowing of such hindrance, and not
dispersing, are felons, without benefit of clergy."
Such are the provisions of this celebrated act, ori-
ginating in the minority of Edward IV, repealed m
the reign of James I, and amongst the first acts pass-
ed at the commencement of the reign of the house
of Hanover. Its arbitary nature is obvious. It vir-
tually deterred the people from assembling and peti-
tioning for a redress of grievances, except at the
volition of the governmen t. It was in force over our
ancestors. It is in force in Great Britain now. Its
incompatibility with a free popular government, such
as they established by this constitution, our ances-
tors saw and felt. This act, is jjlaced amongst the
three great instruments of power, which Sir Wil-
liam Blaekstone considers as more than compen-
sating the crown in Great Biitian for all its lost
prerogatives since the feudal ages. The army,
the public debt, and the riot act, he enumerates
as its three great sources of power over the
people; and of these the riot act is not the
least potent, for it prevents discussion and concert
amongst the people; and, without discussion and
concert, no effectual resistance can ever be made to
government. Why, sir, think of the thousands of
popular meetings held every year, and every month
in every year, and the thousands of speeches made
to the people in our country on their public affairs,
and suppose such an act as this passed by Congress
to prevent them. Would it not be a grievance un-
endurable? Yet this act- existed over our fathers,
and they determined that it should not exist over
their posterity by tile legislation of Congress. Nor
was this the sole abridgment on the "right of the
people peaceably to assemble and petition for a re-
dress of grievances." By the act of Charles II, s.
1, c. 5, of force at this day in England, it is pro-
vided, "that no petition to the King, or either House
of Parliament, for any alteration m church or state,
shall be signed by above twenty persons, unless the
matter therefor be approved by three justices of the
peace, oi the mujoi pait of the giand jury in the
county; and m London, by the lord mayor, alder-
men, and common council; nor shall any petition be
presented by more than ten persons at a time, on
pain, in either case, of incurring a penalty not ex-
ceeding one hundred pounds, and three months' im-
prisonment." Here is an act which put the people
regularly into keeping. Three magistrates, or a
grand jury, or the lord mayor of London, are wiser
than they; and as the magistrates and grand juries
are appointed by the Crown, of course all petitions
to Parliament, out of London, must virtually obtain
its sanction before it could exist. Put the riot act
and this act together, and, it is clear, they do most
effectually put it in the power of government to
hinder the people from "peaceably assembling and
petitioning for a redress of grievance?," The clause
in our constitution refers to the grievances these laws
established, and put it out of the power of Congress,
forever, to pass such laws. It guaranties to the peo-
ple a great personal, not a legislative privilege—to be
exercised out of this hall, not within it—in their
primary assemblies, to meet, hear, discuss, and pe-
tition on all matters affecting their public affairs; and
thus, by expressing their will, and concerting their
power, control their public servants, and the legis-
lation of the country; and direct, reform, or upturn,
at their high discretion, their whole system of gov-
ernment. Liberty could not exist, without this
great privilege with the people; and hence the pro-
vision in the constitution, that '' Congress phall pass
no laics abridging the right of the people peaceably
to assemble, and to petition for a redress of griev-
ances."
You will perceive, Mr. Speaker, if these views be
correct, what force there is in the argument of those
who deduce from this clause of the constitution, a
prohibition on this House to refuse to receive peti-
tions. The clause in the constitution looks to legis-
lation, and to legislation by the whole Congress—
"Congress shall pass no law"—not to the action of
either House of Congress in regulating its proceed-
ings. It respects the people—"the right of the people
peaceably to assemble and petition"—not the action
of their representative or legislative bodies. It is a
personal privilege of the people-—not an intermediate
or legislative right. In a word, the clause in the
constitution has nothing to do with the action of
this House on the subject of petitions.
But here it may be asked, have the people no right
to send up their petitions to Congress? Assuredly
they have; but it is not by any express clause of the
constitution; for they can send them where this
constitution does not operate. They can send their
petitions wherever representation operates, and as an
incident to representation. The very nature of rep-
resentation implies the right of those represented
to speak, both through their representatives, and in-
dividually, by petition, to the representative body.
The people can petition their State executives, their
State legislatures, their city authorities, Congress, or
the President of the United States, as to all matters
within the disposition and control of these their va-
rious agents. It is their right, then, not only that
Congress shall pass no law prohibiting the people
peaceably to assemble and petition, but that they
may send their petitions to their agents—State or
federal—who are competent to grant relief. I yield
to none in desiring the freest and closest intercourse
between the people and their representatives. But,
when they enter the halls of legislation, and, through
their representatives, have their petitions presented,
there is an end to their action; and the action of the
legislature has commenced. All that could be done
by their separate will has been performed. They
have assembled, prepared their petition, and pre-
sented their petition. They now appeal to the will
of others. A part of the people, they now come in
contact with the people, and submit their request to
the judgment of all. If they had been competent to
accomplish their request, they would not have peti-
tioned. In petitioning, therefore, they appealed to
the power, as well as judgment, of all the people
represented in the legislature: and must not the
power and discretion of the legislature, prevail? The
presentation of the petition itself is nothing but a
legislative act—the first stage in legislation. It dif-
fers in nothing from presenting a bill or resolution.
A member rises and says: "I beg leave to present to
the House a bill for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia;" and again, he says, "I beg
leave to present a petition for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia." What is the differ-
ence? None whatever. The same motions to re-
ceive, refer, or lay on the table, are competent to
both. They are both acts of legislation, and call for
the action and judgment of the legislative power.
The moment the will or judgment of the legislature
is to act, that moment it must be supreme; for,
if it is not, and the will or judgment of the peti-
tioner is to prevail, the petitioner usurps the
power of legislation. They who are the few, dic-
tate to the many; they who are a part of the peo-
dle command the whole. They who have no legis-
lative power, engross the entire power of the whole
legislature; and if they can do this on any one act
oflegislation, why can they not do it in all? If they
can say to the whole legislative body, you shall re-
ceive—why may they not say you shall refer—
you shall report—you shall grant? The petitioners
either have the power of the legislature, or they
have it not. If they h&vc it, they can exercise and
