178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
§8th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Lumpkin.
H. of Reps.
scribed in terms, so that the right shall not be defeat-
ed or destroyed. If the framers of the constitution
had intended to have conferred the power claimed
on Congress, then, instead of "alter," (the term made
use of in that instrument,) the more expressive -words,
"repeal," or "abolish," would have been substituted
in that instrument to have produced the objects con-
tended for in the report of the minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections. But, sir, to illustrate to the sat-
isfaction of this House the force of this position, in
relation to the meaning of the term "alter," as used
in this clause of the constitution, suppose, for ex-
ample, that the existing laws of the State of Georgia
prescribing the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for representatives in Congress, should des-
ignate the first Monday in October next as the time
for holding our next election for members to repre-
sent the State of Georgia in the House of Representa-
tives for the twenty-ninth Congress. And suppose
further, sir, that this Congress, at its present ses-
sion, under the power conferred by this clause of
the constitution, should pass a law repealing so much
of the laws of Georgia as prescribes the first Mon-
day in October next as the time for holding our elec-
tion for members of Congress, without designating
any other time at which this election for members of
the next Congress could be held. This would be
exercising the power to abolish, annul, or repeal
the State Taws on this subject, which had never been
conferred on Congress by the constitution; and
would be inoperative and void, because it would, in
effect, deprive the States of the right of an equal
representation in the House of Representatives. If
this term implied what has been claimed for it in
this debate, it would, if brought into full and practi-
cal operation, defeat the very end and object of this
supervisory power over elections given to Congress
by this clause of the constitution. But, on the
other hand, suppose we carry out the meaning of
the term alter, in this connexion, by a practical illus-
tration: what then would be the result, and its
effect, upon the great and inestimable right of the
people to a full and fair representation. With the
State law prescribing the first Monday in October
next, as the time for holding our elections. This
Congress, at its present session, would, under the
power granted, pass an act prescribing the first Mon-
day in August next, as, the time for holding elections
for members to represent the State of Georgia in the
House of Representatives in the twenty-ninth Con-
gress. This, sir, is an illustration of the import and
meaning of the term alter, as used in this clause of
the constitution, and necessarily implies ex vi termini
the change or substitution of one time for another.
And this alteration, when made, not only exercises
a supervisory control over the time of holding elec-
tions in the State of Georgia, but in no respect inter-
feres with the right secured to the people of each
State to have a full and equal representation in the
Congress of the United States. Con demonstration
itself make this subject more plain and conclusive
than my illustrations have made it? If so, I confess,
sir, I am at a loss for language to communicate my
own convictions, and words have no power to con-
vey the convictions of my own mind to those whom
I now have the honor to address.
I have, sir, thus far, in the progress of this dis-
cussion, admitted that Congress, under the constitu-
tion, had the power to exercise full control and au-
thority in making and altering all regulations, so
far as it regards the times, places, and manner of
holding elections for representatives; and I still am
of opinion, that the terms of the grant itself justifies
this admission, so far as the plain meaning of the
words of the constitution is concerned. But, sir,
my convictions are not equally clear that an ex-
igency has occurred that justified the exercise of
this authority, or attempt to control the manner of
holding congressional elections in the different States
of this confederacy. In other words, sir, I doubt
whether such a necessity actually existed, as was
foreseen, and provided for by the framers of that
sacred instrument, to justify the late attempt of Con-
gress to control the manner of holding election by
unprescribcd districts. If this position be true, then,
this late law of Congress, if it were anything else
than, a shapeless, lifeless, inactive, and inefficient
mass, would have been in violation of the spirit
and intention, if not the letter of the constitution of
the United States. And, upon this point, Mr.
Speaker, I shall confine my few remaining remarks,
not for the purpose of influencing directly the action
of this House in the pending question, but with the
hope that I may bear some humble part in aiding
the repeal of the second section of the apportion-
ment law from our statute books, and in preventing
a similar enactment in future by Congress, without
some more urgent and pressing necessity. This
clause of the constitution, then, sir, which conferred
on Congress the supervisory control of the times,
places, and manner of holding elections for senators
and representatives, was warmly and vigorously op-
posed in the convention that formed the federal con-
stitution. It was opposed upon the ground that
this power in the hands of Congress might be used,
not to interfere with the convenience of the people
merely, (which was a matter of no small considera-
tion,) )jut it might be perverted to defeat the great
end and object of representative government itself,
by an injudicious or improper exercise of the pow-
er conferred. But the friends of this clause—among
whom, I admit, stood foremost, as its advocates and
defenders, Mr. Hamilton and Mr. Madison—
defended this grant of power to the new federal
government, upon the ground that it would be ne-
cessary to secure uniformity, and essential to the
presemation of the existence of the government itself.
But these two individuals, not less distinguished
for high intellectual qualifications than they were
kn wn to be at that time for a strong federal gov-
ernment—by their unbounded influence under
these circumstances, presented it' as the act of the
convention to the several States for their ratification.
Before the new constitution was submitted to the
several States for their ratification, its provisions
were fully and freely canvassed before the people,
and no clause of that instrument was more bitterly
opposed by the people.
oil*, it has now become a part of the history of
this country, and it is not inappropriate to revive it
at this time, that the hopes of our patriotic fathers, in
securing a federative system of government for then-
country, were nearly blasted by the discord that
was produced among the people, from the apprehen-
sions that the grant of this fearful and dangerous
power created. The advocates of the new consti-
tution rallied to its support; and Mr. Jay, Mr.
Hamilton, and Mr. Madison, produced a series of
letters that have since been published m the Federal-
ist, that not only marked that age, as eminently en-
liglitehed on the subject of political science, but tile
work itself has become a standard authority on all
the subjects which it discusses with so much ability.
And here, sir, let me read from this work, (No.
59,) which enforces the necessity of this provision
of out then unadopted new constitution, "con-
cerning the regulations of elections," which has
been ^scribed to Alexander Hamilton:
"I am greatly mistaken, (says he,) notwithstand-
ing, if there be any article in the whole plan more
completely defensible than this. Its propriety
rests upon the evidence of this plain proposition,
that every government ought to contain within itself
the means of Us own preservation.
"It will not be alleged that an election law could
have been framed and inserted in the constitution,
which would have been applicable to every probable
change in the situation of the country; and it will,
therefore, not be denied that a discretionary power
over elections ought to exist somewhere. It will,
I presume, be as readily conceded, there were only
thre ways in which this power could have been
reasonably organized;—that it must either have been
lodged wholly in the national legislature, or wholly
in the State legislatures, or primarily in the latter,
vItimutehj in the former. The last mode has, with
reason, been preferred by the convention. They
have submitted the regulations of the federal govern-
ment, in the first instance, to the local administations;
which, in ordinary cases, and when no improper
views pre\ail, maybe both more convenient and
more satisfactory; but they have reserved to the
national authority a right to interfere, whenever ex-
traordinanj circumstances might render that interpo-
sition necessary to its safety.
"Nothing can be more evident than that an ex-
clusive power of regulating elections for fcf)e nation-
al government in the hands of the State legislatures,
would leave the existence of the Union entirely at
their mercy. They could at any moment annihilate
it by neglecting to provide for the choice of persons
to administer its affairs. It is of little purpose to
say that a neglect or omission of this kind would not
be likely to take place. The constitutional possibil-
ity of the thing, without an equivalent for the risk,
is an unanswerable objection."—[Federalist p. 3G9.
I have read thus extensively from this article, be-
cause this distinguished individual was not only fa-
miliar with the reasons that influenced the conven-
tion in the adoption of this clause of the constitution,
but also to support my construction of it in the
views which I have had the honor to present. Does
any member of this House, after reading this ex-
tract, doubt what was the object of those who framed
our constitution, in retaining this clause? Sir, to
my mind the question is too plain for even plausi-
ble argument in opposition to the propositions
that I have laid down as true and incontrovertible.
The controlling ajid influencing motive that operated
upon the convention which formed the federal con-
stitution, as exhibited in this article by Mr. Hamil-
ton—one of its most able and distinguished mem-
bers—was, as expressed by himself, that the "gov-
ernment might to contain in itself the meant of its own
preservation."
It is well known, Mr. Speaker, that Alexander
Hamilton was the advocate of a strong national gov-
ernment, and even went so far as to contend that
the Senate and President of the United States should
be elected and hold their offices for life, or during
good behavior, with an absolute; unqualified power
in the President to negative all bills passed by Con-
gress. Under such circumstances, sir, he would
not be likely to yield any power-that could with
propriety be retained for the general government;
and his statements are relied on with more confi-
dence, in support of my proposition, inasmuch as it
establishes the true intent and meaning of this sec-
tion of the constitution to be what I have represent-
ed it.
But, Mr. Speaker, the report of the minority of
the Committee of Elections has brought up for con-
sideration the still later history of this clause of the
constitution, by referring to the action of the several
State conventions in relation to it at the time they
' ratified the federal constitution. And what do we learn,
sir, from the action of those conventions, that will aid
us in ascertaining the true intent- and meaning of
this clause, as thus presented to us by these cotem-
poraneous expounders of the federal constitution it-
felf? That the States of Rhode Island, Massachusetts,
Pennsylvania, Virginia, North Carolina, New Hamp-
shire, and South Carolina—seven out of the thirteen
old United States—at the same time that they ratified
this constitution in their several State conventions,
actually proposed, as an amendment, that this power
conferred on Congress by the fourth section of the
first article of the constitution, should be so modified
as to restrain its exercise, except in case of neglect,
refusal, or inability, on the part of the State legisla-
tures, to make all necessary regulations for holding
elections for senators and representatives in the Con-
gress of the United States. To this list, sir, I might
add the great Empire State of New York, who, if
she did not propose an amendment in terms, gave
her assent to this clause "in full confidence," from
the assurances given, that this power would never be
exercised by Congress but under the contingency
expressed in terms by the several amendments pro-
I wish, Mr. Speaker, that my time would permit
me to read to the House extracts from the debates
in several of these State conventions, when this pow-
er was under consideration, that the views of those
eminent statesmen who exercised a controlling in-
fluence in the early -history of our government
might be fully known on this subject. Sir, I hesi-
tate not to say that the uniform concurrent opinion
manifested in all these State coin entions by those
who had distingnished themselves in defending the
character and honor, and maintaining, unimpaired,
the blessings of civil and religious liberty, was, that
this power, if conferred in express terms, would
never be used unless to promote uniformity, or for
the preservation of the general government itself. I
must content myself with referring only by name to
some of those patriot founders of our government,
who were no less conspicuous in the early councils
of the nation for high intellectual attainments, than
they were for bold and manly resistance to the op-
pressions that had been heaped on us by the mother
country. In the State convention of New York
were Alexander Hamilton, George Clinton, James
Clinton, and John Jay.1 In the convention held by
the State of Virginia, which ratified the constitution,
were Mr. Madison, Mr. Monroe, (both subse-
quently Presidents of the United States,) Mr. John
Marshal, (late chief justice of the Supreme Court
of tbe United States,) Governor Randolph, Patrick
Henry, George Mason, Gov. Wythe, Edmund
Pendleton, George Nicholas, and a host of others,
whose patriotism and devotion to the welfare of the
country and the cause of liberty, in the darkest hour
of ourjeountry's existence, have established for themj
