Feb. 1844..
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it-9
28th Cong 1st Sess.
■Abolition Petitions—Mr. C. Johnson.
H. of Reps.
selves a reputation more lasting than the proud pillars
of this lofty temple, or any other monument of our
national greatness.
But, Mr. Speaker, I cannot forbear to call
the attention of the House to the views of
Mr. Madison, as the report of the minority of
the committee, and my honorable colleague,
[Mr. Stephens,] and many other honorable
gentlemen on the opposite side of this House
have relied with almost exulting confidence on his
authority alone, to support their views and position,
as the highest and most unimpeached evidence of
the meaning and intention of this clause of the con-
stitution, as derived from the coteniporaneous ex-
position of that instrument. Two opinions of Mr.
Madison have been relied on as sustaining the po-
sition of- honorable gentlemen on the opposite side
of, this question in this discussion. One was his
opinion as expressed in the convention that formed
the federal constitution, and may be found on page
1280, vol. 3, of the Madison papers; and the other
the speech delivered in the convention of the State
of Virginia, called for the purpose of ratifying the
federal constitution. And, sir, permit me to say
that, the opinions thus expressed, and upon which
honorable gentlemen rely with so much confidence,
I think, properly weighed and examined, so far from
controverting my position, actually goes far to es-
tablish conclusively the position I have assumed,
and which are now under our immediate attention.
But Mr. Madison says:
"The necessity of a general government sup-
poses that the State legislatures will sometimes
fail or refuse to consult the common interest at the
expense of their local convenience and prejudices.
The policy of referring the appointment of the
House of Representatives to the people, and not to
the legislatures of the States, supposes that the re-
sult will be somewhat influenced by the mode.
This view of the question seems to decide that the
legislatures of the States ought not to have the un-
controlled right of regulating the times, places, and
manner of holding elections. These were words
of great latitude. It was impossible to foresee all
the abuses that might be made of the discretionary
power," &c. &c.
The obvious meaning of Mr. Madison, as re-
ceived frem this extract, was, that Congress should
have the power conferred to be used and exercised
in case of an actual paramount necessity; and his
whole argument is based upon the supposition that
he never concealed, but openly declared that abuses
would exist in the exercise of this power by the
State legislature, which it would be necessary
should tie corrected and controlled by this super-
visory power in Congress, and which amounted to
nothing more nor less than the often-repeated argu-
ment that it was necessary to produce uniformity,
and to preserve unimpaired the existence of the
national government. But, sir, by reference to
Elliott's Debates of the Virginia convention, I will
read a short extract, and I will state to the House
that the whole speech made on this occasion, taken
together, does not mean more or less than what is
contained in this short sentiment. "It was found
impossible to fix the time, place, and manner of
the election of representatives iu the constitution.
It was found necessary to leave the regulation of
these, in the first place, to the State governments, as
being best acquainted with the situation of the peo-
ple, subject to the control of the general government,
m order to enable it to produce uniformity, arul pre-
vent its own dissolutionBut, sir, is it con-
tended that such an abuse has been made
of this power by the State legislatures as was con-
templated by Mr. Madison would justify the exer-
cise of this controlling power over the subject by the
Congress of the United States? It will not be pre-
tended by any in open and fair argument before the
people of this country? But did the. want of uniform-
ity in the manner of holding elections, justify the at-
tempt that has been recently mode by Congress to
exercise a supervisory eontrol, with a view to elect
members to this House throughout the several
States of this Union by separate districts? Has not
greater inequality existed, from the commencement
of our government up to this present time—a period
of more than fifty years—without any attempt to ex-
ercise this control? Sir, it is idle to talk of its neces-
sity to produce uniformity in electing members to
this House by separate congressional districts. But,
sir, I will now quote from two commentators of our
own time, on this clause of the constitution; and I
feel confident, in doing so, that their opinions will be
received with respect, amounting almost to venera-
tion, by those who have opposed the views which I
have advanced in the course of this discussion. I
read, sir, from Mr. Justice Story's Commentaries on
the Constitution, vol. 2, page 287. "The constitu-
tion gives to the State legislatures the power to reg-
ulate the time, place, and manner of holding elec-
tions; and this will be so desirable a boon in their
possession, on account of their ability to adapt the
regulation, from time to time, to the peculiar, local,
or political convenience of the States, that its repre-
sentatives in Congress will not be brought to assent
to any general system by Congress, unless from an
extreme necessity, or a very urgent exigency. Indeed,
the danger rather is, that when such necessity or ex-
igency naturally arises, the measure will be post-
poned and perhaps defeated, by the unpopularity of the
exercise of the power. All the States will, under com-
mon circumstances, have a local interest and
pride in preventing any interference by Congress.
And it is incredible that this influence should not be
felt as well in the Senate as in the House. It is not
too much, therefore, to presume that it will not be re-
sorted to by Congress until there has been some extra-
ordinary ahvse or danger in leaving it to the discretion
of the States exclusively." The next modern com-
mentator I shall quote, is that able and distinguish-
ed jurist, Chancellor Kent, whose opinion, concur-
ring as it does with that of Mr. Justice Story, which
I have just read, presents a weight of authority that
cannot and will not be disregarded by this high
paramount and sole, judical tribunal, whose duty
it is to determine this grave and important question.
I read, sir, from vol. 1, page 232, Kent's Commenta-
ries on American law. He says: "The legislature
of each State prescribes the times, places, and man-
ner of holding elections, subject, however, to the
control and interference of Congress, which is per-
mitted them for their own preservation, but which,
it is to be presumed, they never will be disposed to
exercise, except when any State shall neglect or
refuse to make adequate provision for the purposes."
In conclusion, sir, permit me to remark, that one
great leading and controlling idea pervades all the
authority that I have refeired to, from the framers of
the constitution, at its very origin, down to this dis-
cussion on the question now pending; and it is that
this supervisory power over this subject is permitted
to Congress for the purpose of preventing the. dissolu-
tion of the government, arising from a neglect, re-
fusal, or inability, on the part of the State legislatures,
to provide representatives in the Congress of the
United States. Now, sir, suppose that not only
Georgia, Mississippi, Missouri, and New Hamp-
shire, were without laws providing for the election
ofmembers to this Congress, but that a sufficient num-
ber of the States of this Union, constituting a majori-
ty of the House of Representatives, when taken to-
gether, should be in the same situation, and with the
same disposition to maintain their constitutional
rights inviolate by refusing to execute the mandatory
order of the Congress of the United States- what
would be the result? If the position of honorable
gentlemen on the opposite side of this House were
true, and members of this House could not constitu-
tionally and legally sit here as representatives, until
the States should obey the mandatory clause of the
late apportionment act, this most extraordinary
state of things would be presented to the world—
that an American Congress had passed an act,
under power granted in the federal constitution,
mainly, if not entirely, to enable the government to
perpetuate its own existence, independent of the
State legislatures, which would, under such circum-
stances have produced a dissolution of the govern-
ment. Sir, I can take no view of this question, that
does not satisfy me fully that the second section of
the apportionment law of the last Congress is in-
valid, inoperative, and void, and must yield to the
State laws of Geoi^ia, Mississippi, Missouri, and
New Hampshiie; and that their representatives on
this floor should be fully admitted to all the privi-
leges and rights of representatives duly elected as
members of this House
REMARKS OF MR. C. JOHNSON,
oe tennessee,
In the House of Representatives, on the 27//t February,
1844.—On the amendment offered by him pro-
posing to adopt the rules of the Inst Congress, and
the Atherton resolution, in heu of the 21st rule,
as a substitute for the report of the committee,
and the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON said he was desirous of calling
J the attention of the House, and particularly of the
democratic portion of it, to tlie position on which
the rules of the House were placed by the report
of the committee and the amendment now pending;
because he considered the whole business of the ses-
sion dependent in a great degree upon their proper
adjustment. The report of the committee (made
by Mr. Adams) omitted almost every-rule that the
experience of the House had found necessary to
facilitate the transaction of its business; and, if adopt-
ed, would place the majority of the House, bound
hand and foot, under the contiol of the minority,
unless two-thirds of the House could be found to
suspend them. The hour rule had been omitted;
the majority rule likewise: as well as the rule au-
thorizing petitions to be filed with the Clerk and sent
to the committees; and, worse than all, the 21st
rule had been left out of this new code. The
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Dromgoole] had been laid on the tables of mem-
bers this morning, and he had not had an oppor-
tunity of carefully examining it; so far as he had done
so, he approved of them generally, but regretted to
find the Hour rule and the rule in relation to peti-
tions whollyomitted also. The 21st rule, though
slightly altered, was substantially retained. That
some such restrictions upon debate and the power
of controlling the action of the House by a major-
ity, in times of high party excitement, were indis-
pensable to the transaction of the public business,
he entertained not a doubt; without them, the for-
mer rules would be converted into engines for delay-
ing or defeating every important measure. The
best argument upon the subject would be a state-
ment of an occuirence that he witnessed upon this
floor a few years since, before the adoption of the
hour rule.
An important measure had been long pending
before the House, and it was determined to pass it
on that day by "sitting out the question," as it is
called—that is, by members occupying their seats
until the debate was over. A gentleman from New
York, now in his eye, [Mr. Barnard,] obtained the
floor about night, (Mr. Barnard said about 10
o'clock,) and expressed a wish further to debate the
question, and complained that he was not weli
enough to proceed that night, and moved an ad-
journment. It was refused: he commenced his
speech. Many members retired, as he supposed,
to get their suppers, preparatory to a night session.
The gentleman from New York was unwilling to
address so thin a House, and yielded the ftoor for
a motion to adjourn. No quorum was present.
A call of the House followed. And thus the bal-
ance of the night was occupied m listening occa-
sionally to his speech, and on motions to adjourn,
or calls of the House, upon the yeas and nays.
After sunrise the next morning the honorable mem*
ber's health was sufficiently restored to go on with
and finish his speech. He recollected many other
instances, (which he need not particularize,) where
the floor had been occupied for eight or ten hours.,
evidently with a view of defeating or delaying tho
action ofthe House.
He appealed to the members to know if they
were prepared, by a surrender of this rule, (firs?
adopted and acted on by the whigs, and of course
they cannot complain of it,) to place themselves so
much in the power of a minority, and .to make the
passage of every important measure depend upon
the health and strength of the majority to remain in
their seats, as long as the whig orators could find
lungs to talk. This objection applied equally tothe
report of the committee, and the amendment of his
friend from Virginia, and one which he would with
great reluctance give up. He commented upon tho
importance of the other mlcs, omitted in the report,
and particularly the majority rule, and the absurdity
and folly of the majority of the Hou^e, responsible
to the countiy fui the transaction of the public hu£\-
neHH, fso fixing the mlcs of the House a*? to plct<>
themselves under the control of the mmoriiy, a* to
the tune and mode of transacting the public busi-
ness. He showed that, by the rules, as reported by
Mr. Adams, every restriction on debate was re-
moved; it was allowed upon the presentment and
reference of petitions or memorials to a committer,—
upon the report—upon the bill m Committee of the
Whole, until the majority could break down the
minority by sitting and listening; and even after the
bill was reported to the House, the new rule pro-
vided that "the bill shall again be subject to be debuted
and amended by clauses before a question to engross it be
taken" substantially repealing the previous question
upon the engrossment—and then again open to de-
bate upon its passage; and even after its passage
