Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
isi
28th Cong...,. 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. G. W. Jones.
H. of Rope
go on with the business of the country, and would
secure to them the Atherton resolution, "which had
been voted for by both parties in the South; and
would prevent the agitation of this subject further
upon this floor. He urged them to adopt his
amendment not because it was his or their choice—
if he had his choice, it would be the 21st rule: if he
could not get that, he would take the rule as pro-
posed in the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] which he considered sub-
stantially the same. He, however, regarded both
of them as lost; and the next best thing which could
be done, would be the adoption of his amendment.
He would have preferred, could it have been so,
voting on the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia first; and, if that was lost, then to have offered
Ins; but it was known that no vote could be taken
here upon any such proposition except it was under
the operation of the previous question, which pre-
cluded any amendment afterwards. He was, there-
fore, compelled to offer it now or never. If it was
not adopted, the proposition of his friend from Vir-
ginia would also be rejected. The report of the
committee contained no such rule, and we should be
left without any rule upon that subject, and har-
assed perpetually during the session with abolition
petitions and debates. The amendment he had of-
fered could be so divided as to vote first for the
adoption of the rules of the last Congress, except
the 21st rule, and then upon the substitute for the
21st. By the adoption of the first branch, we should
have all the rules essential for the business of the
House—the hour rule, the majority rule, and the
rule in relation to petitions, &c., and then the House
could adopt, or not, his substitute for the 21st rule.
SPEECH OF MR. G. W. JONES,
of tennessee.
In the House of Representatives, February 8, 1844—
• The following resolutions, reported by the
Committee on Elections, being under considera-
tion:
ujResolved, That the second section of'an act for
the apportionment of representatives among the
States according to the sixth census,' approved June
25, 1842, is not a law made in pursuance of the con-
stitution of the United States, and valid, operative,
and binding upon the States.
"Resolved, That all the members of this House
(except the two contested cases from Virginia, upon
which no opinion is hereby expressed) have been
elected in conformity with the constitution and laws,
and are entitled to their seats in this House.1'
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose and said—
Mr. Speaker: I concur fully in the sentiment ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Bel-
ser,] on yesterday, that there are questions para-
mount to, and which should rise above all consider-
ations of a mere party chnracter. I also concur in
the opinion that the question now under considera-
tion is one of that class.
What, sir,' is the true question now before this
House? Is it a contest between individuals for a
seat or seats upon this floor? Or is it the mere right
of individuals to retain seats which they now occu-
py here? No, sir. It is a question, compared with
which the rights of individuals to retain their seats
here dwindles and sinks into utter insignificance.
The true question under consideration involves the
first and vital principle of free government—the
right of representation; without which this govern-
ment could never have been brought into existence,
and with the destruction of which, this, the most per-
fect of human contrivances, must inevitably perish.
The right of the people of four of the sovereign
members of this confederacy to be represented upon
this floor is contested. That right is guarantied to
them by the provisions o&that constitution which
was formed by the patriotism, wisdom, and con-
cession of those who had passed through an eight
years' war to establish their own and their country's
independence.
In the second section of the first article of the con-
stitution it is provided, that—
"The House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members chosen every second year by the
Eeople of the several States; and the electors in each
tate shall have the qualifications requisite for elect-
ors of the most numerous branch of the State legis-
lature.
"No person shall be n representative who shall
not have attained to the age of twenty-five years,
and been &even years a citizen of the United States,,
and who shall not, when elccted, be an inhabitant of
that State in which he shall be chosen."
It is also provided, in the worne section, that "rep-
resentatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included
within this tlnion according to their respective num-
bers;" and the rule is also there prescribed how such
numbers shall be ascertained. In pursuance of these
provisions of the constitution, the Congress of the
United States did, in June, 1842, pass an act, based
upon the census taken in 1840, apportioning to the
several States the number of representatives they
were severally entitled to; by which act there wus
apportioned to the State of New Hampshire four
lepresentativcs, to Georgia eight, to Mississippi four,
and to Missouri five. Since the passage of that act,
the people of those States have severally elected the
number of representatives respectively apportioned
to them, at the times, places, and in the manner pre-
scribed by the legislatures thereof. That these elec-
tions were fairly conducted, without fraud, and the
results thereof regularly returned and certified, none
can or will, I presume, pretend to controvert. That
each of the twenty-one gentlemen thus chosen by the
people of these four States possesses all the requi-
site qualifications prescribed by the constitution of
the United States, all admit. Why is it, then, under
these circumstances, that an effort fs made to oust
the representatives of the people of those States from
the seats which they now occupy? For the reason,
and the sole reason, as is alleged, that they v^re
chosen or elected by the people of their States by
general ticket, and not by single districts, as required
by the second section of the apportionment act of
1842. That section provides, "That in each case
where a State is entitled to more than one represent-
ative, the number to which each State shall be entitled,
under this apportionment, shall be elected by districts
composed of contiguous territory, equal in number
to the number of representatives to which said State
shall be entitled, no one district electing more than
one representative." For authority to Congress to
pass such a law, the fourth section of the first aiticle
of the constitution is relied upon, which declares:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives shall be
prescribed m each State by the legislature
thereof; but the Congress may at any time,
by law, make or alter such regulations, except as to
the places of choosing senators.Why was this
provision incorporated in the constitution? Not,
sir, as an original or substantive power, but merely
as incidental to the provisions before quoted, which
require that representatives be chosen every two
years. The power of providing for holding the
elections is reserved, first, to the legislatures of the
States, for the obvious reasons that they, being bet-
ter acquainted with the feelings, wishes, and senti-
ments of the people, would be more likely to adapt
their legislation to the wishes and convenience of
the people than Congress could do—a power which
no State has yet failed, neglected, or refused to exer-
cise, always and at all times so regulating the "times,
places, and manner of holding their elections," as to
insure and furnish each its full proportion of repre-
sentatives. In the second place, this power of regu-
lating the "times, places, and manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives," was con-
ferred upon Congress that, in the event the States,
or a State, by their legislatures, should fail or neglect,
or be prevented from making such regulations, this
general government should have the power of per-
petuating its own existence, so far as this power
over elections is involved; and this is the only con-
tingency, upon the happening of which Congress
should interfere in the matter at all. I admit, how-
ever, that Congress has the power to make these
regulations, or to alter such regulations when made
by the States, so far as relates to the "times, places,
and manner of holding the elections." The power
of designating the "times and places" is not in-
volved in this question. "Whether Congress has
the power to district a State or not, rests solely
upon its power to make or alter the regula-
tions made by the State legislatures, as to the
"manner of holding their elections." If this power
is conferred upon Congress, as contended for by its
advocates, then it is an entire power, and not divis-
ible. Congress cannot declare that no one shall
take his seat here, unless he shall be elected by a
single district, and thereby, in effect, command the
sovereign States to lay off and designate such dis-
tricts. So far as districts are concerned, she must
-lay off and designate the boundaries. For myself,
I deny to this government the power either to lay off
r  
districts, or require that each representative shall be
elected by a single district; because the exercise of
such a power would be a violation ol the second sec-
tion of the first article of the constitution, which de-
clares that the "representatives shall be chosen every
second year by the people of the several Stales;" not
by the people of single distiicts—not by a few—not
by a portion of the people, but by the people in each
State qualified to choose representatives to "the most
numerous branch of the State legislature."
It is provided ill the constitution that "represent-
atives and direct taxes shall be apportioned among
the several States which may be included within
thld U^i'm," upon the principles therein clearly de-
fined and well understood. In puisuance of this
provision, the first section of the apportionment act
of 1843 was passed by Confess, m which they
distinctly specified, by name and number, the propor-
tion of representatives each State was entitled to.
Here the Congress exhausted its entire consti-
tutional power over the subject, unless t«ey
had either made, or altered the regulations
made, by State legislatures as t0 . limcs>
places, and manner of holding elections. Neither of
these have they done, as I contend, by the
second section of the apportionment act; for ad-
mitting (which I do not) that Congress has the
power OVet* the subject of districts, they must, if
they exercise it at all f do it in such a manner as that
it can have force and effctflj without the subsequent
legislation of bodies over which it cannot presume
to°exerciso authority. Congress may nave given to
this second section a form upon paper—a bodily
form; but they have wholly failed to give Vitality,
and thus it stands upon the statute book 01
country, a dead letter, null and void, and of no
binding force or effect whatever, 011 either State le-
gislatures, the people of the States, or their repre-
rentatives here.
In my opinion, the constitution does not conier
upon Congress the power contended lor by the ad-
vocates of this section; nor did its framers intend it
should be so conferred. Once admit that Congress
does possess the power, and let the principle be so
settled, and the right of the people of the States to
be represented here may, at any time, be subverted
and entirely defeated in the districting of any par-
ticular State. Take, for instance, the Statu of 1 en-
nessee, in which 1 live; she has a voting population
of about one hundred and twenty thousand, and is
entitled at present to eleven representatives. Sup-
pose this Congress should take upon itself the task
of designating and laying off eleven districts: upon
what principle would they propeed? By what rule
would they be governed? By their own discretion
and sense of justice? This might all be very well,
and the power might never be abused. But for
myself, and 011 behalf of those by whose kind par-
tialities I am here, I never will consent to surrender
a constitutional right, and take in its stead the dis-
cretion of any body of men, however pure and en-
lightened they may be. Suppose the Congress, in-
stead of laying off the districts, so as to include in each,
as near as might be, the same number of persons, to
evade the trouble, or for any other cause, should
select ten counties, (small ones if you please,) and
by law declare that each should constitute one dis-
trict, and elect one representative, and then declare
that all the other counties in the State should con-
stitute the eleventh district, and elect its own repre-
sentative. This would be giving to the State her
proportion of representatives, however iniquitous
and unjust such distribution might be. Under this
state of things, what remedy would those thus out-
raged have? None whatever. All would have been
done by those not responsible to them, nor living
among them. Again: if it had been intended that
Congress should have this power of making dis-
tricts, would not the power also have been given to
declare that each district, thus laid off, should elect
one representative, who should be a citizen, and re-
side in the district which he was elected to represent?
If districts are laid off, any person qualified, as re-
quired by the . constitution, may represent them,
whether he lives in the district or not—a residence
in the State being sufficient. Congress having
passed the apportionment act, in pursuance, of the
provisions and requirements of the constitution, de-
" si"nating the number of representatives to which
each State was entitled, under the census of 1840,
the right to elect the number of representatives thus
apportioned to' the several States became vested in
the people of the respective States until another
census shall be taken, and another, apportictowiettt
made. This right being thus vested in the pee-
