Feb. 1844
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Woodward.
ff, of Keps.
power over the subject in the second place, which
was not exercised, or attempted to be exercised,
in any manner whatever for more than half a centu-
ry after the organization of this government; nor
was it, in my opinion, contemplated by those who
framed the constitution, or those by whom it was
adopted and ratified, that this power ever should be
exercised by Congress, except when the State legis-
latures, from any cause whatever, should fail or
neglect to prescribe the times, places, and manner of
holding elections, or, prescribing the same, should
do it in such a manner as would tend to defeat the
people in availing themselves of the right of repre-
sentation here, as prescribed by the constitution; that
they should not otherwise exercise this power, is
clear to my mind, at least. But having attempted
the exercise of this power, as is contended, but in
such a manner as to defeat and deprive the people
of these four States of their representation here, the
duty devolves upon us here assembled to determine
between thife law (if, indeed, it be a law,) and the
constitution of the country. Both cannot be pre-
served: one or the other must be disregarded. Can
any doubt' can any hesitate as to the line of his du-
ty? As to myself, I cannot, sir. Before taking my
seat in this House, you administered to me the oath
to support the constitution of the United States; and,
so help me God, I will support it as I understand it,
and not as another or others may understand it,
however wise or virtuous he or they may be. It is
the political ark of safety to the people of this coun-
try—their city of refuge to protect them from tyran-
ny and oppression, and I trust will so continue, as
pure as it came from the hand of its creators, as long
as man shall have an existence on this globe.
My vote, sir, shall be recorded in favor of the
resolutions reported by the committee against the
second section of the apportionment act, and in su]*-
port of the constitution and the rights of the people
ofN. Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi, & Missouri.
SPEECH OF ME. WOODWARD,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
III the House of Representatives, February 7, 1844—
On the power of Congress to regulate elections in
the States.
The report of the Committee of Elections, rela-
tive to the right of certain members to their seats in
the House of Representatives, being under con-
sideration—
Mr. WOODWARD rose and said:
He had been led to expect that another matter,
deeply interesting to the House, and in reference to
which he had been desirous of obtaining the floor,
would have been disposed of before the present
question was taken up; and he had not made that
mature preparation usually deemed indispensable
on such occasions. He, nevertheless, preferred to
embrace this early stage of the debate to lay his
views before the House. He felt but little concern
as to the matter of verbal preparation. This was
not a hall for oratorical display, but for deliberation
—such deliberation as would conduce to a sound
understanding of questions, to judicious action, and
safe results. And he should, on this occasion, as
he trusted he should on all others, make it his ob-
ject to address sound argument to the House.
I came to Washington with impressions favora-
ble to the act of the 27th Congress brought in ques-
tion by the resolutions now under debate—impres-
sions taken, I grant, from the first blush of the con-
stitution, without a moment's consideration of that
instrument, or any examination whatever of the
proper sources of light and information; so that
what I shall now urge upon the attention of the
House is not the result of any bias or preconceived
notions, but rather the reverse. In the course I
shall take, I feel myself exempt from all constraint
or restraint of party. I looked into this subject,
originally, not with a view to discuss it, but for the
sole purpose of enlightening my own understanding.
This I conceive to be a duty ever resting upon us
as legislators, but more emphatically so when sit-
ting, in our judicial character, upon the rights of in-
dividuals. I could not think of displacing honora-
ble membeis from their seats, and voting to arrest
the popular franchise of four States, without a firm
conviction that I was fully and clearly sustained in
doing so.
Many points have been made upon the general
matter at present under our consideration. The
question of jurisdiction in this body, in its judicial
capacity, to sit upon the validity of an act of Con-
gress, lias, of late, acquired a degree of prominence;
and I shall, probably, bring to the view of the
House still other points not heretofore taken no-
tice of.
If, Mr. Speaker, it were not the purpose of thifi
discussion to determine a strict, technical, constitu-
tional proposition; if we were upon a mere inquisi-
tion of fact as to what was the actual intention of
the framers of the constitution, I should entertain
no fears of being able to demonstrate to the House
that it was never intended to invest Congress with
any power whatever over elections, except as
forfeiture resulting upon the laches or delinquincy of
the States, in failing to discharge, in a constitutional
manner, the trust reposed in them. I do not ven-
ture to say that this could be established as a legal
proposition; since, regarded in that view, the want
of artificial competency would operate to exclude
much proof and argument, the intrinsic credibility
and force of which could not fail to exert a resist-
less influence upon the understanding of members.
I think it may be safely alleged that the only rea-
son ever assigned for granting to Congress the pow-
er in question, was the possibility and danger of a
State being severed from the government, by the
failure of its legislature to make the nccessary pro-
visions for elections. The argument founded on the
idea of uniformity in elections, had reference to time
only; and time, though wholly unsubstantial, con-
sidered relatively to a single State, becomes a matter
of vital importance when referred to all the States, as
involving that provision of the constitution which
makes it necessary for the representatives from the
dilferent States to come into, and go out of, office,
simultaneously. The local legislatures, by con-
tentious oppositions among themselves, or from a
disposition to embarrass the general government,
might have so arranged, or rather, deranged the
times of elections as to render the wheels of govern-
ment perfectly motionless. What was the first ses-
sion with the representatives from some States, might
have been the second session with those from others.
1 am correct, therefore, in the position taken, that
the reason of the power being granted to Congress
was the possibility of the delinquency or neglect of
a State. And if the possibility of such delinquency
was the ground of the existency of the power, truth
and justice demand that the fact of delinquency
should alone authorize the exertion of the powt'r.
But, unfortunately for truth and justice, in the pres-
ent instance, the artificial requisites of legal investi-
gation exclude the great mass of proof that would
otherwise establish beyond the possibility of a doubt
the rights of the States in the premises. In making
this reflection, however, I must not be understood
as admitting that there are no solid legal arguments
in favor of the proposition, that the authority of
Congress to regulate elections results as a forfeiture,
upon the delinquency of the States. Mr. Jay, in
the New York convention, did not hesitate to lay it
down as a constitutional doctrine. When Mr. Lan
sing proposed a resolution, declaratory of the mean-
ing of the constitution in this particular, Mr. Jay
said:
"As far as I understand the idea of the gentleman,
he seems to hp.ve doubts with respect to this para-
graph, and fears it may be misconstrued and
and abused. Every government is imperfect, un-
less it have a power of preserving itself. Sup-
pose that, by design or accident, the States should
neglect to appoint representatives; certainly there
should be some constitutional remedy for this evil.
The obvious meaning of the paragraph is, that if
this neglect take place Congress shall have power,
by law, to support the Government, and prevent a
dissolution of the Union."
From this it appears that Mr. Jay was rather sur-
prised that Mr. Lansing should entertain doubts as
to the meaning of the clause in the constitution. It
is also manifest that Mr. Jay was satisfied the exer-
cise of the power by Congress,'without default on the
part of the States, would involve a "misconstruc-
tion of the constitution," and a departure from the
"obvious meaning of the paragraph." He like-
wise designates the power of Congress as reme-
dial.
The language of Mr. Hamilton, too, is remarka-
ble. He rests the propriety of granting to Congress
the power in question upon tiie plain proposition
that "every government ought to contain in itself
the means of its own preservation." He speaks of
the power as "primarily" lodged in the States;
"secondarily" in the Congress; as given to the
States in the "first instance," and to Congress in
i the- "last fesort." He describes the power of Con-
gress to be "the right to interpose whenever
ordinary circumstances might render that mtetpo*
sition necessary to its safety. Throughout Mr.
Hamilton's elaborate discussion of this subject, us
the Federalist, he dwells continually upon the ne-
cessity of the power of self-preservation m the
government, and the possibility of the States refus-
ing to exert the power if left exclusively with them,
and the risk consequent thereon of the destruction
of the government; and he designates the power
with which Congress is invested as the equivalent
for the risk. ■ ,
When, in the Virginia convention, the danger ot
the abuse of this clause ill the constitution was en-
larged upon by Mr. Henry, Mr. Nicholas used the
following language in reply:
"It is absurd to suppose that Congreqp will exert
the power, or change the times, places, aim manner
established by the States, if the States will regulate
them properly, or so as not to defeat the purposes ot
the Union."
"I shall add to these no further authorities, though
others are at command; but proceed to examine the
constitution itself on this point, trusting that, after
what has been stated, I shall not subject myself to
the charge of recklessness in doing so.- The phrase-
ology of the constitution is of a peculiar character.
The clause runs thus:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing senators."
In framing the constitution, the question upon
each power was, alternatively, to which shall it be
confided, the local or the general government; and
when it is said that a particularly power shall be ex-
ercised by the States, it is meant it shall not be ex-
ercised by the general government. A right is af-
firmed oil behalf of the States, and, impliedly, a du-
ty enjoined on the general government to abstain
from the use of the same power. The phrase "the
States shall make regulations," is very different in
import from the phrase "regulations shall be made
by the States." In the first case a duty is enjoined
upon them; in the second, a right is secured to
them. This is manifest to the plainest under-
standing, and its argumentative form may be
developed by the following proposition: in
the first case, the imperative word, shall, imposes a
necessity on the States, the agent, to make regula-
tions; in the second, the imperative word attaches a
necessity to regulations, the subject, of being • made
by the States, and not by another authority. So
that, when the constitution says, "the times, places,
and manner of holding elections, &c., shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislature thereof," it
affirms u power, and not a duty, except as incidental
to power, on behalf of the States; and at this stage
of the clause, impliedly denies the same power to
Congress. And the sentence which follows in la-
vor of Congress, in language merely permissive, una-
voidably suggests to the understanding that the jper-
mission given to Congress was designed to be a
mere provisional alternative to the absolute abiding
power of the States. If the power granted to the
general government was designed to be independent
of all contingency, Congress might, immediately
upon the adoption of the federal constitution, and in
advance of the action of State legislatures, have pro-
ceeded to provide fully and completely for holding
elections in the States; and thereby forestall and
strangle, in the very act of birth, the authority of the
States. We should thus have had presented to us
the extraordinary spectacle of a "secondary" and
"last resort" power, created by words merely per-
missive, annulling and wholly obliterating, ab initio,
and forever and ever, its concurrent "primary" and
"first instance" power, created by words the most
imperative. In this view of the subject, there is an
absurdity of idea, an anarchy of all sense and reason,
that gives actual pain to the understanding. How
shaH we deliver our minds from this darkness ?
Why, let it be supposed that the constitution
meant no more than to enable Congress, by
law to order an election to be held on
certain days, at certain boxes, by designated offi-
cers, in order that the general thing, an election,
might take place, and representation not be suffered
to intermit. Now, if the mere general thing, elee 
tion, was all that Congress was to provide for, we
perceive, clearly, how Mr. Nicholas could say it
, was "absur4" to supposg Congress would vise tlje
