OdNGftESSIONALGioM
iect committee? Were they not prepared to le-
gislate on the subject, and make appropriations to
remove the obstructions in the western rivers as
well without any additional information as with
it' Was the committee to bring forward any new,
unknown, and hidden facts, which had never yet
been brought to light? No one contemplated any-
thing of the kind. He wished gentlemen would
deal a little more in detail, and tell the committee
what it was they expected to accomplish by the ap-
pointment of a select committee. If these were
mere little streams—mere mill-branches—it might,
perhaps, be as well to appoint a select committee, or
to send out a surveyor, and collect information for
the purpose of magnifying their importance. But no
such reasons applied to these great rivex-s; and he
denied that a single reason had been advanced, hav-
ing the slightest substance in it, which would au-
thorize the reference to a select committee. If we
send this subject (said Mr. B.) to a select commit-
tee, we might as well send all others to select com-
mittees, and abolish the standing committees alto-
gether. Now, in connexion with thig subject, a
great variety of other matters had been gone into.
Comparisons had been made in regard to the west-
ern and eastern rivers, and their importance con-
trasted with each other. But had that anything to
do with the question before the committee.'' Con-
ceding that these western rivers were most mighty
and important streams, and vastly superior to the
Hudson, the Connecticut river, and the Delaware,
did it follow that they alone should receive the at-
tentions of the Government, and that appropriations
should be made for no others?
He saw no constitutional ground for aiding in the
improvement of the navigation of the western rivers
which did not apply to the navigation of the Hud-
son, the Connecticut, and the Delaware rivers, and
the harbors and shores of the ocean, and of the great
lakes The only authority Congress had to make
appropriations of a single dollar for internal im-
provements, was to be found in the constitution,
and the clause of it pointed out by the gentleman
from Ohio. He knew there were many gentlemen
located east of the Alleghany mountains, and south
of this city, who entertained the opinion that Con-
gress has no power to make appropriations for the
improvement of our rivers; and their opinions were
honest, and they deserved credit for their consisten-
cy in them. But there were other gentlemen who
entertained different views—he would not say more
liberal views—but certainly more enlarged views in
regard to the powers of this government to make
iniernal improvements. A member from Virginia
the other day called these gentlemen straight-jacket
politicians. Now a straight-jacket was a very use-
ful article, and could be worn and thrown off on
certain occasions. King George the III had worn
one, and had thrown it off occasionally; and a jacket
that was fit for a king might be fit for a legislator.
He did not say that legislators or politicians wore
their straight-jackets and threw them off, as George
the III did, in the intervals of lunacy and reason; but
he believed some of them had worn them or thrown
them off as appropriations were to be made for im-
provements, either in their own section of country
or at a distance. This same class of politicians had
always held that the government had no power un-
der the constitution to make appropriations for the
Ohio and Mississippi; but one of them had found it
in another quarter. • The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Holmes] found it in an act of the old
confederation before the constitution was formed.
The gentleman found the power to remove the
the snags and sawyers from the Mississippi (which
the straight-jacket politicians never could find in the
constitution) in the ordinance of 1787; and that or-
dinance was passed before the adoption of the con-
stitution. That, however, was a view of the sub-
ject which would not be satisfactory to politicians
east of the Alleghany mountains, who look to the
constitution itself, and not to the acts of the confed-
eration. Well, what was that ordinance? It pro-
vided that the navigable waters leading into the
Mississippi and St. Lawrence, and the carrying
places between the same, should be common high-
ways to all the inhabitants of the present confeder-
ation, and of the new States that might be admitted
into it; and that the navigation should forever re-
main free, without being interrupted by any of the
States through which they might flow. Well, where
was the necessity for this provision? Why, there was
an ordinance for the admission of new States into the
Union, and it was necessary to provide that these new
States should not, by the imposition of tolls or duties,
levy contributions on the commerce of the citizens
of the other States; which, without this prohibition,
they would have had the right to do. The ordinance
was not only to make these waters free and common
highways, but to secure forever to the citizens of all
the States the right of navigating them without
molestation or tax. This was the object of the
ordinance; and not the one advanced by the gentle-
man from South Carolina. Now, he had no diffi-
culty on this score. He was willing to make any
necessary appropriations for the improvement of
these western waters, or any of the other great riv-
ers of the United States. The power to make these
improvements was in the constitution, and no where
else; and if it was not to be found there,any expend-
iture for these objects was a usurpation on the part
of the government.
The doctrine appeared to be, with some gentle-
men, that for whatever work that was of pub-
lic, national, and not merely of local concern, they
had authority to make appropriations. He (Mr.
Beaedplet) should be ready to vote in favor of the
object which gentlemen here had in view. He
should be ready, too, to vote appropriations for the
Delaware, the Hudson, the Connecticut, and other
rivers, as well as for the Ohio and the Mississippi.
He regarded them all as standing on the same
foundation, in relation to the power of Congress,
and he was ready to vote for appropriations for
them all, according to the necessities of the several
cases. But he was opposed to the amendment
which proposed to send this subject to a select
committee. The Committee on Commerce was
drawn from different np-ts of this Union, and con-
sisted of gentlemen wno had an interest in the sub-
ject, and were capable to act upon it. He hoped
the House would adhere to its ancient usage, and
send this subject to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SAMPLE, though a western man, disclaimed
all sectional feeling, and contended that the inter-
ests of all parts of this country were the interests of
the whole; and they ought to act with the same lib-
erality to one section as to another. He defended
New York from the attacks which had been made
upon it, and said New York was an important
point of commerce for all parts of the Union, and
a market for western produce. He disowned
the doctrine that the aid of this government was
confined to tide-water, and expressed himself in
favor of aid being given, if in the power of the gov-
ernment, to any of the great arteries and channels
of trade and conimeice.
Mr. PETTIT next obtained the floor.
Mr. A. STEWART desired to have an oppor-
tunity to make some observations; but after a few
words from Mr. SCHENCK, he gave way.
Mr. PETTIT hoped he should have the floor
without interruption, for the twelve minutes that
remained to him. The question, as he understood
it, was a resolution to refer that portion of
the President's message which relates to the western
waters, to the Committee on Commerce; to which an
amendment was offered, to send it to a select com-
mittee. Now, he preferred the select committee, not
being satisfied of the friendly feeling of the Commit-
tee on Commerce. He was now a western man,
though born and educated in the East, and he felt a
respect and a veneration for that portion of the Union,
which perhaps no other western man felt. There
had been some hard words used in the course of this
debate—words which he was not accustomed to use,
or to hear used. Some words had been used by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weljler] which he
would not have sanctioned if they had been used to
a gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman from In-
diana to order.
Mr. PETTIT said, then he would pass that sub-
ject; bnt complaint had been made of the language
used by the gentleman from Ohio, and he was there-
by reminded of an anecdote which he had some-
times heard. A father once chastised his son for
calling him a har; and after inflicting some severe
punishment, he asked the boy if he would again
call his father a liar? The young urchin, with tears
in his eyes, replied, "No father; no, never; but pray
what shall I say when you do lie?" Now, in such
cases as this, which had occured in this House, it
was difficult to select the proper parliamentary word.
He then addressed himself to the question before
the committee, and called upon the House to act
together for the common good of all the different
sections of the Union. They had been told that they
must wear the straight-jacket of strict construction;
and he observed that he was as much disposed to
wear that jacket as any gentleman on this floor;'sbut
he would ask why a. strict construction should au-
thorize the studding of the sea-board wit}^ light-
houses, and not permit the necessary appropriations
for the West? He made a few other observation
to the same effect, in the midst of which he was eut
off by the arrival of the hour to terminate debate.
The committee then proceeded to vote on the
resolutions—the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Thompson, in amendment of Mr.
Wise's resolution to refer that portion of the Presi-
dent's message which relates to the improvement of
the navigation of the western waters to a select com-
mittee of nine members.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend, by in-
serting the following: "except the Mississippi river,
which has been sent, by order of the House, to the
Committee of Ways and Means."
This amendment was ruled to be out of order-'
Mr. McCLELLAND inquired whether, in case the
motion to refer to a select committee of nine were
adopted, that committee would have charge of har-
bor improvements, or whether the charge of har-
bors would be left* to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McCLERNAND suggested, in order to put
the matter beyond a doubt, that the following words
be added: "that so much as relates to harbors be re-
fcrred^to the Committee on Commerce."
The proposition was not received; and the' ques-
tion being put on the motion to refer to a select
committee of nine, tellers were appointed, who re-
ported the votes to be as follows: 60 in the affirma-
tive, and 71 in the negative.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. SEYMOUR then moved to amend the original
resolution so as to refer the subject of improvements
generally to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved to amend the proposition,
by striking out Committee on Commerce and in-
serting Committee on Roads and Canals; which mo-
tion was negatived.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Seymour, that motion was negatived; and the orig-
inal resolution was then adopted.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the President's mes-
sage as i elates to the improvement of the navigation
of the rivers of the West be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The following resolution was then adopted:
12. That so much as relates to the affairs and in-
terests of the District of Columbia, be referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. BURKE, it was
Resolved, That so much as relates to the Smith-
sonian bequest be referred to the Joint Committee
on the Library.
The committee then rose and reported tlje resolu-
tions to the House; and the question being on their
adoption—
Mr. REDING moved the previous question.
Mr. STEWART of Pennsylvania rose and claim-
ed the floor, for the purpose of making an explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER remarked that the previous ques-
tion being demanded, the subject was not debatable.
Mr STEWART inquired if it would be in order
to move a suspension of the rules, in order to give
him an opportunity to m ake an explanation upon a
subject personal to himself.
Mr. McCONNELL, (from his seat.) You had
better make that explanation out of doors.
The SPEAKER said the Chair could not enter-
tain a proposition while the previous question was
pending. . .
Mr. STEWART. Is there any way m which I
can ask leave?
Mr. McCONNELL. None m the world.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether the previous
question might not be voted down, when it was used
as a.
Mr. C. JOHNSON observed that it would not
be permissible for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to make any explanation in the House, in regard to
what took place in committee.
The CHAIR put the question on the second to the
previous question.
Mr. BARNARD rose and appealed to the courte-
sy of the House to allow the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stewart] to make a personal' ex-
planation, in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Wellkr.] This courtesy was usual, and had never
been, to his knowledge, denied.
'Mr. B. was called to order by several.
