184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cons 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Woodward.
H. of Reps.
power in question if the State should. It was ab-
surd, most egregiously absurd, to suppose that Con-
gress would trouble itself to do what the States had
already done effectually. The phrase "holding
elections" expresses the official act of election officers,
m which the people, in no proper sense, co-operate
any more than you co-operate with a postmaster
when you deposite with him a letter, to be by him
officially kept, superscribed, and registered. And
the power of Congress Extends only to the opera-
tion performed by its own officers, the managers;
and does not control the people, but only enables
them to do what they have an absolute right to do
under the constitution. The government appoints
managers to meet at certain times and places to as-
certain the choice of the people; and it prescribes
what" shall be received as competent evidence of that
choice—whether ballot, vote, or token; and whether
this evidence shall be submitted personally by the
voter,'or may be conveyed by proxy. This is the
extent of the power conferred by the clause in the *
constitution, -whether upon Congress or the State
legislatures. This exposition of the clause explains
fully, and most satisfactorily, the otherwise inexpli-
cable language of Hamilton, Jay, Nicholas, and
other distinguished men not mentioned; why they
met, with a degree of impatience, the cavillings
of objectors to this part of the constitution, and
how they reconciled those objectors to the con-
stitution as it stood; for, taking this to be the ex-
tent of the power, it was quite contrary to all rea-
son to suppose that Congress would trouble itself to
order elections, and appoint managers and precincts,
where the States had already done it themselves.
How little did our fathers foresee what difficulties
were to grow out of a slight change in the popular
meaning of the phrase "holding an election," or in
what an awkward predicament this change would
place their constitution! That which they sup-
posed it absurd for Congress to do, it is now tempt-
ed to do by a boundless prospect of usurpation.
But my argument is rather aiiticipating the propo-
sitions to which I intend to apply it.
I maintain, then, Mr. Speaker, that Congress has
no right, by a direct law of its own, to divide the
States into congressional districts, with a view to
set apart a representative to each district; and if it
have the right, it possesses no authority to require
the States to do it, and to suspend the popular fran-
chise upon the contingency of a State obeying or
disobeying its requisition. I concede to Congress
ample and (it you please) exclusive power to define
the manner of holding an election. What I insist
upon is, the restriction of the power to its legitimate
subject—the J'ortnal process of election. The sub-
stance of the elective franchise, and the right in rep-
resentation, remain under the jurisdiction of the
State, and are expressly recognised to be there by
the'eonstitution. The formal process, only, is within
the competency of the Congress. The words time
and' place, are purely words of form; and as to man-
ner, it is the very name of form; and in delegating
these forms to Congress, it was never conceived
that substance should follow as an incident. Is the
essential franchise of the citizen, belonging to the
jurisdiction of the States, to be made the incident of
forms belonging to the authority of Congress? Gen-
tlemen say that districting a State is matter of form.
I shall show, sir, it is also matter of substance; and
if the power of Congress is to be co-extensive with
form, it will comprehend everything relating to elec-
Iiiiii.s; for all things exist and act according to forms.
When, in the North Carolina convention, it wan
ni'lmated that this power might be made to reach
the elective franchise, Mr. Davie, than whom no
man living knew better the meaning of words, with
some impatience "called on gentlemen to say wheth-
er they (Congress) have any other power over the
manner of election, any more than the mere mode
of the act of choosing, or whether they shall be held
by sheriffs as contradistinguished to any other offi-
cer, or whether they shall be by votes as contradis-
tinguished from ballots, or any other way." Mr.
Davie went on to say, "the nature of elections
could not be changed." He proceeded further to
show, that, by the "grammatical construction" of
the language, the power could not extend beyond
the "time of holding the elections, the place of hold
■htg (he elections, and the manner ot holdine; the elec-
tions." He threw his emphasis upon the word
holding; and, indeed, that is the only debatable
word; manner, there is no dispute about, let it be as
triable as you please, but then it is predicated of
holding, and cannot extend beyond its subject. So
ws have the simplest inquiry imaginable: 'What ;
is that holding, of which manner is predicated? Is
the political condition of division into separate
electoral communities, "holding?" Is disability
to vote for more than one candidate "holding?"
Is eligibility by a particular section of a State,
"holding?" Is the mode of representation, "hold-
ing?" Why, sir, condition, disability, eligibili-
ty, mode of representation, are fixed relations of
things that rest upon the whole surface and compass
of society, without intermission of time or place.
Holding; is a transaction—in this case a periodical
transaction—that is capable of happening at a time
and place. I repeat the question: Who holds an
election? The government, and not the people.
Certain officers of government, clothed with au-
thority to administer oaths, and adjudge the qualifi-
cations of voters, go forth to the people to ascertain
their choice. The government and people do not
intermix, but only meet each other; and in the di-
rect act of election, the government is passive, and
the citizens active, subject to no control, a tergo, ex-
cept from the local rulers. Our fathers derived
their ideas of the meaning of law terms from books
of English law; and in order to ascertain their inten-
tion, we must consult those books. And if gentle-
men will take the trouble to make examination
there, they will find that the sheriff of tjie county,
under the king's writ, held the elections. Who hold
the court' Who hold the sessions, the assizes, the
leet? The judge and officers of court, or the law-
yers and people who have litigation and trials there?
Assuredly the judges and officers. If this be not
the true import of the word "holding," how could
you speak of the place -ef holding without commit-
ting the most egregious nonsense? There is, then,
no way of avoiding the admission that holding ex-
presses not a state or condition of things, but a trans-
action capable. of being performed at 8. place, and that
place is the ballot-box.
It is admitted that, in some modified sense, Con-
gress may partition off a State into localities or pre-
cincts, and may group a number of these precincts,
by the establishment of a central box, where, for
convenience sake, the votes may be counted out,
and intrusted to some common agent of all
the managers of the group of boxes, to be conveyed
by him to the generalcentre of the State, to be scru-
tinized by the authorities empowered to certify the
election to Congress. And this is exactly the pow-
er the constitution meant to confer; but I beg gen-
tlemen to rcollect that the power to do this does not
result from the word manner, but the word places.
In this country, elections are so frequent and mul-
tifarious, and everybody talks so continually about
them, it was very natural that phrases of a techni-
cal character m "England should become the com-
monest words of the popular vocabulary; and it was
next to impossible that they should make this trans-
ition from law books to common discourse, without
suffering some change of meaning. This is espe-
cially true in regard to the phrase in question; for
elections here, instead'of being held in some public
edifice by liveried officers of state, palpably distin-
guished from the people, are transacted in open
fields of the country, and committed to plain citizens
of the neighborhood, so mixed with, and so exact-
ly alike, the mass, that the transaction is naturally
referred to the agency of the whole.
Taking this to be the true exposition, our minds
are relieved of all difficulty; the constitution be-
comes reasonable and consistent; and our fa-
thers stand acquitted of nonsense and absurdity.
For where the State legislatures had already
ordered the elections, and appointed managers
and boxes, who could have imagined that Con-
gross would think of doing the thing over again?
Nor is the slight variety of opinion that prevailed
in the conventions, difficult of explanation. Ham-
ton, Jay, Nicholas, and Davie, thoroughly educated
in the law, took the words according to their
just import. Henry, Smith, and some others,
were more accustomed to the popular speech, and,
in consequence, conceived less definitive ideas.
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that the power to district
a State involved matter of substance, as well as
matter of form. There are two forms of right, with
respect to representation: that which relates to the
franchise, and that which relates to the officer. The
first right belongs to the voters, the second, to the
mass of the people—voters and non-voters. The
first is exercised by the voters in trust for the whole.
Now suppose (what is the fact in some cases) that
a particular State has established a property or other
qualification, thus dividing its citizens into voters
and non-voters: how could Congress construct
districts, and apportion representation among them,
without assuming jurisdiction over the conflicting
claims of voters and non-voters? The voters would
insist that they enjoyed equal suffrages under the
State laws, and the districts ought to be so construct-
ed as to preserve that equality; that is, the number
of voters ought to be equal in the several districts.
The non-voters would insist that the representatives
were given to the whole people by the constitution
of the United States, and the districts should be con-
structed upon the basis of population; and this would
be a sound argument. Who is to decide this ques-
tion? It clearly involves the pex-sonal rights of the
citizen. Can Congress, under the power to pre-
scribe the mode of the transaction of election, claim
to administer these rights, and apportion them
among the people, upon such principles as might
suit its discretion, but do violence to the will of the
State? I will put another case: in the States of
the South, more than half the population (the
blacks) are excluded from the rights o4 citizens.
And in districting our States the question arises
whether the districts shall be constructed upon the
basis of white people, or federal population; and this
question has, of late, deeply agitated the State of
Alabama. Could Congress claim to interpose, and
make its will predominant in this matter? In short,
can Congress go into the districted States, North and
South, break up their present organization, and re-
construct tlie districts upon other principles of ap-
portionment' What reason of expediency could be
assigned for such, interposition? It would not be
necessary to the holding of elections. The constitu-
ting of representatives, the mere convenience or fa-
cility of election, stands indifferent as to any princi-
. pie of district organization. The convenience of elec-
tion, therefore, could not be the ground of the inter-
position. I ask, again, what reason could be as-
signed for such interposition? No conceivable rea-
son whatever, that did not relate to the fairness or
unfairness, the justice or injustice of the principle
upon which the districts were constructed; and this
principle would relate directly to the relative per-
sonal rights of voters, or the conflicting rights of vo-
ters and non-voters; for no other rights could be in-
volved. The power, therefore, to district a State,
involves necessarily a power to administer and act
upon the substance of the franchises of the citizen;
franchises original and fundamental; uncreated by
the constitution ; never ' mentioned there, except
to be recognised; expressly left by the constitu-
tion with the States, and held by the States abso-
lutely, with power of allotment to a part of their
citizens, in trust for the whole, if it should please
the people of the States so to order it. I say held
by the States absolutely; for the provision of the
constitution which requires the voters for local and
national representatives to be the same, does not
qualify the authority of the States; it only presents
a moral motive that may determine them in the dis-
position they may make of the franchise, but leaves
them exempt from all legal restraint. But suppose
the constitution has somewhat impaired the author-
ity of the States: has it given any to Congress? That
is the question.
The constitution of the United States has allotted
to the people, the whole people, of South Carolina,
a plurality of representatives. The constitution of
South Carolina has allotted to the people of Pendle-
ton district a plurality of representatives. If the
legislature of South Carolina cannot cut up Pendle-
ton district into subdivisions, and assign a represent-
ative to each, and restrict eligibility and franchise to
each, how can the legislature of the United States
cut up a State into subdivisions, assign a represent-
ative to each, and restrict eligibility and franchise to
each? What difference would there be in the two
cases? There wosld be this difference: the legisla-
ture of the State, as the direct territorial government,
would be acting upon a mere municipal district, un-
der the exclusive authority of the State; the national
legislature would be invading a sovereign domain, by
virtue of a delegated federal trust.
Mr. Hamiltion very properly said, that the gov-
ernment of the ^United States was designed to be
made a perfect and complete system, capable of in-
dependent action within itself, and that the power to
regulate election belonged naturally to Congress; and
gentlemen have reiterated the language of Mr. Ham-
ilton. It seems, then, that the clause under con-
sideration was designed, not to enable but to disable
Congress—to reduce its natural powers; and so Mr.
H. admitted. And if gentlemen follow him in the
first proposition, let them follow him in the last.
The constitution, in the plainest terms imagina-
