CONGRESSIONAL OLOfefe.
t#i
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
  By THOMAS H. SEYMOUR: Petition of Al-
fred North and others, of the town of Berlin, Con-
necticut, for a reduction of letter postage, and entire
abolition of the franking privilege: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT: Petition of
Henry Gould and 96 citizens of Orleans county, New
York; and the petition of Orson Nicholson and 25
citizens of Orleans county, New York, for the com-
pletion of Oak Orchard harbor.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: Petition of inhabit-
ants of Macomb, New York, to abridge the frank-
ing privilege, and reduce the rates of postage.
By Mr. HARPER: Petition of Wm. G. Shanks
and 33 other citizens of Muskingum county, Ohio,
praying for retrenchment in the expenses of the
government: referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment. Also, the petition of the same citizens, pray-
ing for a reduction of the present rates of postage:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. STEENROD: Petition of citizens of
Ohio county, Virginia, requesting Congress to
adopt the report and resolutions of the Hon. John
P. Kennedy, and to appropriate a sum not less than
twenty thousand dollars, to enable the African colo-
nies to purchase the balance of the territory lying
between Cape Mount and Cape Palmas, on the coast
of Africa, <fcc.
By Mr. HAMLIN: The petition of Samuel
Smith, Jerrett, and March, citizens of Maine, for
a law defining the manner in which the lumber com-
ing down the St. John, from the State of Maine, shall
be admitted into the United States.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 22, 1844.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial from
350 citizens of Middletown, Connecticut, praying
that the rates of postage may be reduced, and charged
by weight, on the principles of the British reformed
post office, adapted to the federal currency of the
United States; that letters and packages be charged
at a uniform rate, not exceeding five cents the half
ounce, to any distance in the United States when pre-
paid, and double this rate if not prepaid; that all
printed matter be charged by weight, at one cent per
ounce, without distinction as to distance. That any
newspaper weighing more than two ounces when
dry, be charged extra postage, like other printed mat-
ter; and that the franking privilege be entirely abol-
ished. Mr. H. said, in presenting the memorial, he
would beg leave to remark that the respectable gen-
tlemen whose names were signed to the memorial
appeared to feel a deep interest in the subject. They
believe that justice and public policy alike demand
that there should be an essential modification of the
laws relating to the Post Office Department, in the
particulars mentioned. He believed that they ex-
pressed the feelings and sentiments of the commu-
nity in general, when they say that a reduction in
the rates of postage, now large, should be made;
and they want uniformity; and also, that there
should be some control over the abuses of the frank-
ing privilege. It was his (Mr. II.'s) belief that
there should be a great reduction in the existing
rates of postage, and the modes of assessing them;
and that the franking privilege should be controlled
or entirely abolished. He expressed a wish that tne
Post Office Committee, now having charge of the
subject, would soon report; and, on his motion, the
memorial was referred to that committee.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from R. C.
Hooper and a number of distillers of spirits m Bos-
ton, and another from John Tyler and William
Savage, and a number of other merchants of the
city of Boston, engaged in trade with the island of
Cuba, asking that "that feature of the tariff gradually
reducing the drawback on the exports of spirits dis-
tilled from foreign molasses may be repealed, and
that a drawback on exports of that article may be
allowed, equal to the duty paid on imports of foreign
molasses: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from James
B. Farnsworth and other citizens of Boxborough,
impressed with the evils of war, asking Congress to
take measures to prevent the recurrence of war;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of a
large number of the merchants of the city of Phila-
delphia, stating that the present custom-house is
wholly insufficient for the business of the port; and
that it had been their expectation, for many years,
that Congress would cause a custom-house to be
erected of capacity equal to the demands of trade;
but that at present an opportunity is offered of pur-
chasing the banking-house of the Bank of the United
States for that purpose, at a very low rate, and at a
far less price than would attend the erection of new
buildings. They therefore urge upon Cougiess
the propriety of purchasing this building, to be used
as a custom-house for the port of Philadelphia.
Mr. B. said that this banking-house could
now be purchased for §300,000, and the old cus-
tom-house would probably sell for §50,000; so
that the appropriation required for the purchase
would be reduced to $250,000. The banking-house
was of marble, and fire-proof throughout; and was
nearly as large, and was of the same order of Grecian
achitecture, as the custom-house in New York. It
was well calculated in every respect for a custom-
house; and might now be purchased for less than
one-third of the cost of the New York custom-house.
The lot on which the bank stood fronted on Chest-
nut street 121 feet, and was 235 feet deep to Library
street. The building was entirely insulated, having
passages on either side of 31 feet in breadth; so that
it could be approached on all sides. He had been
assured, from a respectable source, that the naked
lot itself, and the marble which had been used in the
building, would command the pricc for which the
purchase could be made. He presumed that the
reason why the purchase could be made at this re-
duced price was, that the property would not com-
mand in the market more than the lot and the ma-
terials were wrorth; because no banking corporation
could afford to purchase it, and the banking-house
could be applied to no other purpose than that of a
custom-house.
The mercantile interest of Philadelphia had long
in vain been asking Congress to erect a new custom-
house, as the old one was wholly insufficient for the
business; and they were now exceedingly anxious
that the present opportunity might be embraced.
He moved that the reading of the mentoital be
dispensed with, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that, a few days since,
he had received from the Treasury Department
some papers connectcd with the purchase of this
building for a custom-house. He believed that some
of the papers were from the naval officer of that
port, and from the architect of the building. They
speak of its condition, original cost, and its great
convenience, from its construction and~Iocation, for
a custom-house. They believe it would be bene-
ficial to the government to make a purchase of it.
The committee did not feel authorised to take cogni-
zance of the matter, as the papeis on the subject
were informally before them; but, if it were the
pleasure of the Senate to make the reference pro-
posed, they would make the proper investigation.
Mr HANNEGAN inquired whether this bank
building was not recently sold. When in Philadel-
phia, he was informed that it was recently sold, for
an amount about equalling t}ie cost of erecting the
steps.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he could not answer that
inquiry. His belief of the matter was, that the
trustees of the bank would be willing to take the
pricc mentioned. If it was sold, he supposed it was
sold and bought in, for the benefit of the trustee-
ship. He had no doubt, from the respectability of
the sources from which his information had been de-
rived, that it was all true. The committee, however,
would examine into the alleged facts, and, if they
found them to.be well-founded, would report a bill
i to authorize the purchase.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PHELPS presented resolutions adopted by
the Legislature of Vermont, instructing the sena-
tors and requesting the representatives from that
State to resist the repeal of the present revenue
laws, and to use their influence to secure adequate
protection to all branches of American industry.
The preamble to the resolutions sets forth that, un-
der the tariff, there has been a great improvement in
the business of the country, and a great advance-
ment of the prices of its products, especially m the
products of that State. The preamble and reso-
lutions were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Also, resolutions from the same source, instruct-
ing the senators and requesting the representa-
tives from that State to vote for an extension of the
law granting pensions to widows of revolutionary
soldiers, so as to allow. to; all .such; as , are now, or
may hereafter become, the widows of such
ana soldiers, whose .marriage toffk'place,fMof
1800: referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed. * > :
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from Julia ,•
M. Lawrence, the widow of Captain James Law-
rence, praying to be restored to the pensspij.rallj
which was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Also, a petition of John G. Tibbets, praying a
settlement of his accounts for a balance supposed to
be due to him for labor on the New York custom-
house; which he moved to refer to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. EVANS said he believed that was a just
claim, and ought to have been paid long ago; Jrat he
knew no reason why the petition should be referred
to the Finance Committee, and moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT said if the chairman of the Pi-
nance Committee believed that the petition should
not be referred to that committee, he withdrew his
motion. The memorial was then referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from a num-:
ber of masters and owners of vessels employed in
the coasting trade, asking for an appropriation for
the crection of a light-house on West Point, York
harbor: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented joint resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in-
structing the senators and requesting the rep-
resentatives from that State to vote against any
appropriation for the erection of a bridge at
Wheeling, Virginia, or at any other poult on'
the Ohio river, or any other project that
would result in increasing the obstacles already ex-
isting to the free navigation and use of that great
thoroughfare. The resolution set forth, also, that
a bridge across the Ohio at Wheeling would inju-
riously affect the commerce of Pittsburgh, and arrest
the construction of war-steamers, &c. there: ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
Count de Grasse, the only son of Admiral Count
de Grasse, who rendered such distinguished and
useful services tothis country during the war of
the revolution; particularly in the assistance and
protection which he afforded to the operations
of the allied army in Virginia, previous to the
surrender of the Marquis of Cornwallis at York-
town. He represents that he has now attained
the advanced age of 77 years, and that he has met
with many misfortunes in life, which have reducedhm
to poverty, and rendered lam unable to comply with
his pecuniary engagements, and he therefore so
licits of the generosity of Congress the means of pre-
serving spotless a name so gloriously inscribed on
the first pages of the history of America. This me-
morial is accompanied by documents which clearly
establish the truth of the facts stated in the memo-
rial: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from the heirs
of Nathan Dagget, who are Americans, setting forth
the important services rendered by him to Ameri-
ca in the war of the revolution. This matter (Mr.
E. said) was before the committee of the other
House last session, and was rejected; but as there
■ was new evidence presented on which to sustain the
petition, he moved its reference to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims: agreed to.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Pennsylvania, interested in
transporting coal, complaining that the custom
house officers have so construed the law^compelling
those engaged m the coasting trade to contribute to
the fund for the support of sick and disabled sea-
men, as to exact from those who navigate with
canal boats the same fees as those who are engaged
m the coasting trade: referred to the Committee on
Commerce. . .
Also presented a memorial from citizens ol 1 enn
sylvania, asking for an appropriation to continue
the works for the improvement of the harbor of
Erie: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
THE POST OFFICE LAWS.
Mr. MERRICK, on leave, introduced his bill "to
reduce the rates of postage, to limit the use, and cor-
rect the abuse, of the franking privilege, and to pre-
vent frauds upon the revenues of the Post OfficeDe-
partment."
Mr, M. stated, in moving for a second reading of
