186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Gong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr, Semple.
Senate.
do by positive decree, it will not be pretended it
could do incidentally or accidentally.
Will it be answered that the powers of Congress
are a part of the constitution itself? The reply is,
that .there is no question here as to any ■power of
Congress, but only the validity of a particular act of
that power; and to make nugatory that act does not,
in the slightest degree, impair the power itself, but
leaves it possessed of all its natural energy, fully
adequate to all legitimate purposes. The plain truth
is, Congress has so awkwardly and bunelingly ex-
erted its power, in this particular; as to throw itself
against the buckler of the constitution, and it must
take the consequences for the present, and practise
more circumspection for the future. And it is no
matter of shame or humiliation to learn wisdom
from experience: it is the lot of the best and wisest
of men, individually and collectively.' And nothing
could be more disgusting to the ingenuous mina
than the awful forebodings and howlings that are
sent forth to the country about treason against gov-
ernment. Congress is but the creature of the con-
stitution; and its laws are to advance and subserve
the people's rights. Shall this creature, with its
subservient laws, be allowed to prevail against the
constitution and the citizen's rights? Shall two
slaves stand up against two masters?
Why did Congress impose it upon the State le-
fislature to make their laws for them? The mem-
ers of these legislatures take the same oath of of-
fice that we do—"to preserve, protect, and defend
the constitution of the United States;" and there
was something humiliating in being required, minis-
terially, to execute a power which, in their con-
sciences, they might believe to be a usurpation; and
it is a monstrous doctrine, that the highest privilege
of the citizen must be put it abeyance, until wran-
gling jurisdiction may settle their disputes of power.
Mueh pathetic declamation has been sent forth to
the country about the State legislature not comply-
ing with an act of Congress. A horrible state of
things to be sure! Why, the meanest citizen in the
land; the veriest wretch of a free negro, may take an
appeal from the legislative to the judicial department
of the nation, and find there an alterative refuge for
his rights. And shall the legislature of a sovereign
State be made the slave of a single department?
Not merely the slave, but the instrument of its own
slaughter?
In what lias been said, I am not to be understood
as having expressed any opinion of the relative
merits of the two modes of representation—whether
by districts or by the mass. I have been discussing
a question of power in Congress. I will now say,
however, that I am, and ever have been, the strenu-
ous advocate of the district plan, as the just and fair
and true republican plan. But it belongs to the
States to choose for themselves.
SPEECH OF MR. SEMPLE,
OF ILLINOIS.
hi the Senate of the United States, January 25, 1844—
On the resolution introduced by him relative to the
occupation of the Oregon Territory.
On the 8th of January, 1844, Mr. Semple intro-
duced the following resolution:
"■Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British government
that it is the desire of the government of the United
States to annul and abrogate the provisions of the
third article of the convention concluded between the
fovernment of the United States of America and his
Iritannic Majesty the King of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland, on the 20th of October,
1818, and indefinitely continued by the convention be-
tween the same parties, signed at London, the 6th of
August, 1827."
On the 25th of January, the resolution was called
up for consideration, when Mr. Archer, of Vir-
ginia, chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, moved to have it referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEMPLE said-
Mr. President: I did not suppose, after the de-
lay which has already attended the consideration of
the resolution which I had the honor to introduce,
that there would be any desire for a further post-
ponement. I had, at first, no disposition to urge a
hasty decision of the question, and therefore, with
great pleasure, yielded to the suggestion of my
friends to give time for reflection. I was fully aware
that it Was a question of great importance, and X my-
self wished that every senator should have ample
time to examine the subject iij all its bearings. I
think sufficient time has been given, and I cannot
consent to a longer delay.
The object of a refererice to a committee is gene-
rally for the purpose of inquiry and examination,
with a view to prepare and digest a complicated sub-
ject for the,action of the Senate. If such inquiry
and examination were necessary in this case, I
shauld have no objection to a reference; but, so far
from this, it has been avowed by the honorable sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] tha!t the object of
the reference is delay. He does not wish to take
any step whatever in relation to this subject, until
after we have seen the result of negotiations which,
he informs us, are in prospect. He is not willing to
interfere with the President in these negotiations.
Now, sir, in the first place, I do not believe that
the passage of this resolution will have any injuri-
ous effect upon any negotiation which may take place
between the two countries. The very fact of com-
mencing a negotiation presupposes that the parties
are not satisfied with existing treaties. Can there
be.anything disrespectful to inform a friendly na-
tion that we are not satisfied with an existing trea-
ty, and propose to make a new one? Certainly not.
This is the first step in making all treaties whatever.
The resolution under consideration is nothing more
than this. When we shall have given notice that
we desire to terminate the present treaty, we are
then better prepared to make or to receive proposi-
tions for a new one.
In the present state of the case, the British gov-
ernment is well enough satisfied with the present
treaty: we are not. Can any one suppose that,
while the treaty with which the British government
is satisfied exists, there is the least prospect that a
new one will be made? He who supposes so can-
not be well acquainted with the character of the
British government. But if we abrogate this trea-
ty, and take exclusive possession of the territory,
then there will be some inducement for both parties
to come to some understanding. But how is it pos-
sible that there can be any disrespect shown by giv-
ing the notice, and abrogating this treaty? The treaty
itself provides for its own dissolution; the British
government has already agreed that we may abro-
gate it whenever we please. How, then, can the
senator from Virginia suppose, for a moment,
that we can give offence, or be looked on as stand-
ing in a hostile attitude, by doing that which we
have a right to do by solemn compact—by the
treaty itselP But, sir, the senator from Virginia is op-
posed to interfering with the President in any new ne-
gotiations which may be m prospect. My opinion
is just the reverse: I am in favor of expressing an
opinion in advance. I wish to indicate now to the
President that we cannot agree to any treaty which
shall provide for a joint occupation, or which shall
allow any other nation to have any jurisdiction or
control whatever over the soil of Oregon. Are
we to sit here with our arms folded, and wait until
a treaty is made, and then reject it' Have we no
power, or no right, to advise the President what
course, in our opinion, should be pursued? I think
this is the best mode of treating on any subject.
The President himself should ask the advice of the
Senate before a treaty is concluded. The Senate
should advise first, and after it is signed, then con-
sent to the treaty. Jifivice and consent are both ne-
cessary on the part of the Senate. In this case, I am
not sure that our advice is, or will be, obligatory on
the President. He may or may not give the notice
even should this resolution pass-, but it will be a
strong indication, and will scarcely be entirely
neglected by the President. We have the right,
however, to act on the subject, whether our action is
regarded or disregarded. We have recently, I think,
entertained a similar resolution—-I mean that intro-
duced by the honorable senator from Ohio [Mr.
Allen]—and I am persuaded that if that resolution
had been in executive session, it would have passed
the Senate. I ha\e another reason for passing this
resolution. I have not the most unlimited confidence
m negotiations, as the best mode of securing our
rights; we have frequently been outrageously
cheated in negotiations. We have surrendered
our territory by negotiations in the Southwest
and in the West, with regard to our line with
Mexico. All the country watered by the Rio
del Norte was our;.! before we surrendered it-
and the thirty-fourth degree of north latitude
to the Pacific ocean should have been our boundary
with Mexico. We have surrendered territory in
the Northeast, and in the North, to Great Britain;
and, sir, 1 want to see no more surrendered. For
this reason, I am a little afraid of negotiations; and
I am not willing to let any other go on to a final
termination without first giving some opinion as to
what should be done, or, in other words, advising
the President what to do. ...
Had the honorable senator from Virginia [Mr.
Archer] not made this motion to refer the resolu-
tion, with the avowed object of delay, I should not
have said anything on the subject; and it is not my
intention, at present, to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate longer than will be necessary merely to explain
the reasons which induced me to introduce the reso-
lution now under consideration.
It is well known to every senator present, that
the occupation of the Oregon Territory has, for
some time past, engaged the attention of the people
of the United States generally, but more particu-
larly the people of the Western States. The peo-
ple of the State which I have the honor, in part, to
represent on this floor, have taken a very, decided
stand in favor of the immediate occupation of the
Oregon. If I am not mistaken, the first jyublic meet-
ing of the people held to express a formal opinion on
this subject was held in the city of Alton, in that
State. This was followed by several others in Illi-
nois and the adjoining States. During the last winter,
a meeting of more than fifteen hundred persons was
held in the State-house at Springfield, composed of
members of the legislature, and others, from every
part of the State of Illinois, when this question was
most fully discussed, and strong resolutions, ex-
pressive of the wish of the people of the State, were
passed. At several of these meetings I had the ho-
nor of addressing my fellow-citizens, and giving my
views of the 'propriety of the organization of the
territorial government west of the mountains, and
of taking such steps as would effectually exclude
all other governments from exercising any jurisdic-
tion over the soil admitted by all to be the undoubted
property of the United Stats®. During the past
summer the people of the western States were in-
vited to meet in convention at Cincinnati, in the
State of Ohio, for the purpose of taking this sub-
ject into consideration, and to adopt such measures
as would appear best calculated to secure the rights
of this country, and expedite the settlement of the
Oregon. A very large portion of the whole west-
ern country was represented in this convention; a
much larger portion than could have been induced
to send delegates to a convention on any common or
ordinary occasion.
The convention was composed of men of the ve-
ry first political standing in the West, without re-
gard to party divisions of any kind; all of both po-
litical parties joining most zealously in their endeav-
ors to promote the object for which the convention
was called—the immediate occupation of the Ore-
gon. The convention declared, in the most une-
quivocal terms, that they would "protest, and con-
tinue to protest against any act or negotiations, past,
in progress, or hereafter to be perfected, which shall
yield possession of any portion of the said territory
to any foreign power," but more particularly against
thepossession by Great Britain.
The language of that convention was firm and de-
termined, and I believe it is the opinion of nearly
every man west of the Alleghanies.
The people of the West have not contented them-
selves with expressing opinions—they have acted.
For many years our citizens have gone into the
country west of the Rocky Mountains for the pur-
pose of hunting, trapping, and trading with the In-
dians. They have also more recently gone for the
purpose of making permanent settlements. During
the last year more than a thousand brave and hardy
pioneers set out from Independence, in Missouri,
and, overcoming all obstacles, have arrived safe in
the Oregon. Thus the first attempt to cross the ex-
tensive prairies and high mountains which inter-
vene between the settlements in the States and the
Pacific ocean has been completely successful. The
prairie wilderness and the snowy mountains, which
have heretofore been deemed impassable, which
were to constitute, in the opinion of some, an im-
penetrable barrier to the further progress of emigra-
tion to the West, is already overcome. The same
bold and daring spirits, whose intrepidity has here-
tofore overcome the western wilderness in the midst
of dangers, can never be cheeked in their march to
the shores of the Pacific. During the next summer
I believe thousands will follow. Extensive prepa-
rations are now making for a general move towards
that country. The complete success of those who
have first gone will encourage pthers; and as the
