CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
denied to be the fair way of considering the subject.
Some of the articles affected, or partially prohibited,
were of such trivial amount, that they would, in
any case, form but an inconsiderable item for rev-
enue. The law should be taken as a whole. Its
general effect was to be considered. Now he (Mr.
E.) insisted that the general effect of the tariff law
of 1842 was to increase revenue, to bring more rev-
enue into the treasury, than any lower
rate of duty would produce. It did this by
encouraging American industry, and giving to
American citizens the ability and means of becoming
consumers of importations—thereby augmenting
the revenue. In support of this, he (Mr. E.) referred
to the treasury reports, from which he deduced,
that, as the prosperity of the country was increas-
ing since tlie law was passed in 1842, imports were
increasing in the same ratio. He went into a va-
riety of statistical details to show that imports are
increasing, and that the revenue from customs
is increasing; so that, instead of a deficiency of two
millions at the end of the fiscal year, in
June, 1844, as supposed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, there would be, from the increase of cus-
toms beyond the estimates, a surplus. He antici-
pated that the revenue from customs of the fiscal
year would be twenty-three millions, instead of twenty
millions estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury.
He had had letters from the best informed mer-
chants and importers of New York, that the cus-
toms of the fiscal year would actually amount to
twenty-five or twenty.six millions; but he was not
himself so sanguine—he thought twenty-three mil-
lions would be realized. He denied that there was any
occasion for the Secretary of the Treasury to expend
twenty-six millions for the ordinary expenses of the
government; as he made his estimates on the as-
sumption that all outstanding appropriations and
warrants must be included in the year, together with
the new appropriation of this session; whereas it
was notorious that, at the end of the fiscal year, there
would be just as much outstanding appropriations
and warrants of the new appropriations as would
have been taken in of the old. Hence, adding the
increase from customs to the deduction for outstand-
ing appropriations and the savings of expenditures
which Congress would effect—and he argued from
the disposition of the other House that the appro-
priations this year would not exceed sixteen
millions—it was clear that there would be a
surplus in the treasury; and, therefore, instead
of ruined commerce and a bankrupt treasury,
the country would be found rapidly advancing
• in prosperity, the imports increasing as the means
of the people increased their ability for consump-
tion, and the treasury would be so abundantly sup-
plied, that it might be expeeted the portion of the
public debt falling due would be met promptly and
without embarrassment. These were facts with
which he proposed to meet the theories of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina. The duty-paying imports
of the year, he anticipated, would be sixty-two or
sixty-three millions; which, at the average of the
present tariff, (34 per cent.,) would yield a revenue
of twenty-ihree millions.
With regard to the Senator's argument—that nothing
in the nature of commerce was worth considering
but foreign commerce—he (Mr. E.) insisted that
the whole amount of foreign commerce, at the best
of times, (say $200,000,000,) was a mere trifle in com-
parison with the internal commerce of the coun-
try, which he estimated at one thousand millions, or
one-half the productions of the Union, generally
allowed to be two thousand millions. He main-
tained that foreign commerce was prospering in-
stead of sinking; new ships were building; enter-
prise was extending; no complaints were made by
the shipping interests; the wages of sailors was on
the advance; and, all these things considered, he did
not see where the Senator from South Carolina
got his data for asserting that half of our foreign
commerce was already annihilated by the tariff law
of 1842.
Then, as to low duties having a tendency to in-
crease imports, and high duties to decrease them, he
contended that the facts proved the reverse. He
had tables before lnni, from which he found
that, from 1821 to 1824, inclusive, the tariff
being 34 per Cent., the dutiable imports were
$66,200,000 annually; from 1824 to 1828, the
tariff being 38 per cent., the dutiable imports were
475,300,000 annually; from 1828 to 1833, the duties
being' 41 per cent., the annnal imports were $74,-
200,000; and from 1833 to 1842, with a reduced du-
ty of only 31 per cent., the imports fell to $71,000,-
Q,00; from 1841 to 1842, with a duty of only 23 per
cent., the imports fell to $69,000,000. He also in-
sisted that the falling off of impbrts of free goods
was in the same proportion with the falling off of
dutiable goods, as duties diminished.
Mr. E. having by this time spoken two hours,
and being evidently fatigued—>
It was proposed by Mr. BATES that the Senate
adjourn; but,
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, who said there was
executive business which ought to be disposed of
to-day, the Senate went into executive session; and
soon after
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 22, 1844.
Mr. HUDSON announced the attendance of his
colleague, Mr. Osmyn Baker; and the oath to support
the constitution having been administered to Mr.
Baker by the Speaker, he took his seat.
ELECTIONS BY GENERAL TICKET.
Mr. DOUGLASS, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, which had been instructed by a resolution of
the House to inquire into the legality of the elections
of the members returned from the State of New
Hampshire, Missouri, Georgia, and Mississippi,
made a report thereon, concluding wtth the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That the second section of an "Act for
the apportionment of the representatives among the
several States, according to the sixth census," ap-
proved June 25, 1842, is not a law made in pursu-
ance of the constitution of the United States, and
valid, operative, and binding upon the States.
Resolved, That all the members of this House,
(excepting the two contested cases from Virginia,
upon which no opinion is hereby expressed) have
been elected in conformity with the constitution and
laws, and are entitled to their seats in this House.
On motion of Mr DOUGLASS, the above report
was refered to the Committee of the "Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. G. DAVIS, leave was granted
to the minority of said committee to make a report
on the same subject.
Mr. ELMER moved to assign to-morrow two
weeks as the day for considering this subject.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
New Jersey, that this being a privileged question,
a majority of the House could take it up at any
time.
Mr. ELMER then gave notice that he would call
up the report to-morrow two weeks, immediately
after the expiration of the morning hour.
TEMPERANCE.
Mr. REDING gave notice that he should to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to
amend the 19th joint rule, so as to read as fol-
lows:
"No intoxicating liquors shall be offered for sale
or exhibited within the Capitol, or on the public
grounds adjacent thereto, and that the restaurateurs
be foithwith removed from the Capitol."
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General present to
this House the reasons and causes, so far as may
be known to the department, of the frequent failures
of the mail between the City of Washington and New
Orleans; and that he suggest, also, what means, un-
der the control of the department, exist to insuremore
regular delivery of the said mail; and whether it is
contemplated to change the mode of transportation
of the mail over any portion of said route.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. St. JOHN, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a bill extending the act of
Congress of 27th July, 1842, granting the right of
pre-emption to certain lots in the town of Perrys-
burg, Ohio: read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
PRIVATE CLAIM.
Mr. CALDWELL, on leave, and in pursuance
of notice given, introduced a hill for the relief of
Eaton Nance; which was twice read, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIM.
Mr. SMITH of Illinois, on leave, and in pursu-
ance of notice given, introduced a bjll for the relief
of Pierre Menard, and the legal representatives of
Antoine Peltier and Joseph Placy: read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DICKEY called for the orders of the day;
when
PETITION DAY.
The SPEAKER announced that the order of the
day was the call for petitions from the States.
Petitions were then presented, as follows:
From Michigan: By Messrs. HUNT and Ms-
CLELLAN.
From Missouri: By Messrs. JAMESON, RELFE,
and HUGHES.
From Alabama: By Mr. HOUSTON.
From Illinois: By Messrs. HOGE and WENT-
WORTH.
From South Carolina: By Mr. HOLMES.
From Indiana: By Messrs. KENNEDY, DA-
VIS, PETT1T, BROWN, and HENLEY.
From Ohio: By Messrs. FLORENCE, VIN-
TON, HARPER, DEAN, DUNCAN, TILDEN,
and GIDDINGS.
[Mr. Gidcings presented several abolition peti-
tions, and moved their reference; but the Speaker
deciding that they came within the 21st rule, they
were not received.]
'CAPTURE OF FUGITIVE SLAVES BY UNITED
STATES OFFICERS.
Mr. GIDDINGS presented a petition praying for
the passage of a law to make it penal for a United
States officer to assist in the capture of a fugitive
slave.
Mr. SAUNDERS objected (as the Clerk was
reading the petition to the House) to the reading of
the petition. He said the Chair should decide
whether it was a missible, under the rule, without
bringing it before the House.
The SPEAKER replied that he considered it ad-
missible, as he did not consider it as coming within
the rule.
The Clerk then read the petition.
Mr. LEWIS remarked that, if they should re-
ceive and refer such a petition, they might as well
throw open the door at once.
The SPEAKER explained. The rule of the
House prohibited the reception of petitions praying '
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, or any State or Territory, or the slave-trade be-
tween the States or Territories of the United States;
but this petition prayed that a law should be passed
to make it penal for a United States officer to assist
in the capture of a person suspected of being a fugi-
tive from slavery. It prayed for ■ a law to prescribe
the duties of United States' officers.
Mr. LEWIS objected to its reception, remarking
that, if the object of the petitioners was gained,
there would, very soon, be no slavery to abolish.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I cannot help that.
Mr. BLACK said he was of opinion diat the peti-
tion came within that clause of the rule which pro-
hibited the reception of petitions in relation to the
slave-trade between the States or Territories of the
United States in which it now exists.
The SPEAKER adhered to his original decision.
Mr. BLACK said it was with great reluctance
that he appealed from the decision of the Chair; but
believing that it came within the rule, he must do so.
He wished the Chair to reconsider the decision, and
that the subject should go over for that purpose.
To accomplish this object, he avowed his intention
to debate the subject, and he presumed it must
therefore go over.
Mr. BRODHEARD inquired if the appeal went
over too, and whether that was debatable.'
The SPEAKER said the subject itself was not
debatable, and therefore no collateral matter was
debatable; and also, that the petition would not go
over on the ground that a gentleman wished to de-
^Mi'.'bLACK would urge his appeal; and he de-
sired to state the ground of it, if that were in order.
The petition prayed that the federal officers of this
government might be prohibited from apprehending
fugitive slaves, and the Chair had decided that such
a petition did not fall within rule. Now, he contend-
ed that it did fall within the latter part of the rule, -
which prohibited the reception of petitions on the
subject of the slave trade between the States. Now, if
fugitive slaves, sold from one State to another, could
nol bo apprehended, there would be no legiti-
mate trade in slaves; and this petition was evidently
designed to effect that object, and consequently came
within the rule.
