Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
road isnow marked out, I do not think I am at all
extravagant when I suppose that ten thousand em-
igrants will go to Oregon next summer. In the
mean time, what course shall the government pur-
sue?
■ The indications of public opinion thus every-
where expressed, and the apparent determination to
emigrate, I am sure cannot oe disregarded by this
Senate. For one, I am sure that I cannot discharge
the duty I owe „to my constituents without using
every exertion in my power to effect'the object they
have so much at heart. I cannot compromise, I
cannot yield any part of the Oregon Territory. I
cannot agree to wait for negotiations. I cannot
agree that there is sufficient doubt as to our title to
admit that it is a subject proper for serious dispute.
The joint occupation of the country never ought
to have been a subject of negotiation. Our govern-
ment committed a great error, in my opinion, when
the treaty of 1818 was made; and a still greater er-
ror when that treaty was indefinitely prolonged. It
is, however, not beyond a remedy. The treaty was
made on the supposition that it might become ne-
cessary to abrogate that part providing for a joint
occupation, and a plain and easy mode was pointed
out in the treaty itself. This was for either party
to give notice of a desire to abrogate that part of the
treaty. This, sir, is the object of the resolution
which I have had the honor to introduce.
This thing of a joint occupation of a country, and
of a joint jurisdiction by two independent govern-
ments, is an anomaly in the history of the world. I do
not now remember anything like it, either among an-
cient or modern governments. I have no doubt that
it has often happened that two nations may have
been at the same time in possession of the same
country; but I think that in all such cases they
have both contended for exclusive jurisdiction, and
the joint possession has generally been hostile, and
one or the other has been compelled by force to
yield. I remember that there was once a joint and
concurrent jurisdiction over a strip of country be-
tween Kentucky and Tennessee; I am not sure that
there ever was m that case an agreement for the joint
occupation; I am inclined to think there never
was an agreement, but that both States claimed and
exercised jurisdiction over the country until the
question was settled about the year 1819. The
senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden! will no
doubt remember this dispute. I think lie was prob-
ably one of the negotiators of the ultimate settlement
of the line between the two States.
The joint occupation Which I have just mentioned
was, on, several occasions, near producing great dif-
ficulties, even when both States belonged to one
general government, and when the people of bo,th
States were friends and neighbors, and possessed of
the highest degree of prudence and forbearance.
The difficulties between the States of Ohio and
Michigan, and that still more recent between the
State of Missouri and the T erntory of Iowa, will show
. how tenacious governments always are in relation
' to boundaries. These difficulties happened between
States, when it would seem really to be a matter of
no great consequence whether the disputed territory
belonged to the one or the other, as both belonged
to one common countiy. It is a matter of more se-
rious consequence when the disputed territory lies
between two rival powers, having no common um-
pire to determine the dispute. Nations generally
adhere with greater pertinacity to a claim of territo-
ry than to any other species of right, and yield it
with greater reluctance; scarcely ever without ap-
pealing to the only umpire between nations—the
trial by battle.
I believe, sir', that the recent surrender of a part
of the State of Maine to the British government is,
probably, the only instance recorded in history
where a great and powerful nation, with a full and
complete conviction of its right to the soil, has
tamely surrendered a part of its domain from fear of
war. That was a question of limits. This, also, is
a .question of limits. We have surrendered a part
of the State of Maine. Shall we also surrender a
part of Oregon?
' It was after the treaty of 1842 that we of the
West began to have doubts as to the propriety of
. treating on this subject. It was after this that we
began to doubt the efficacy of negotiations to mam-
• tain our rights; and for this reason we have passed
the .strong resolutions which have been' passed in
•the West, expressing a determination not to abide
' by any treaty that shall surrender any part of Ore-
gon. . Our people will go there; and they will not
submit to British domination, If the government
here will not protect them, they will protect them-
selves; and all the power of England will never be
able to dislodge from the mountain fastnesses of the
Columbia river the hardy western riflemen who
will, in a few years, occupy that delightful country.
I will not, Mr. President, add anything more to
what I have said. I am not certain that there will
be any serious opposition to the adoption of the res-
olution. I hope most sincerely that there may be
none. I believe that a similar resolution will be
adopted in the House of Representatives. The
President cannot disregard these expressions of the
will of the nation. The notice will be given. In
twelve months, we will be free from any treaty stip-
ulations. We can "then extend our laws and gov-
ernment over our people who have gone and will go
there; and, in a few years, you will see what is now
a wilderness the most delightful residence of man.
SPEECH OF ME. BOWLIN,
of missouri.
In the House of Representatives, February 13, 1844.
The question being on the following resolution,
reported by the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That the second section of "an act for
the apportionment of representatives among the sev-
eral States, according to the sixth census," approved
June 25,1842, is not a law made in pursuance of the
constitution of the United States, and valid, opera-
tive, and binding upon the States.
Mr. BOWLIN rose and said-
Mr. Speaker: After the long and tedious discus-
sion which this subject had undergone, I certainly
should not have troubled the House but for the posi-
tion which I and those whom I have the honor in
part to represent, occupy upon this question. As
to myself, much as I value a seat upon this floor,
individually, the decision of the House gives me
but little concern. Gentlemen mistake themselves if
they suppose that it was a selfish consideration
that induced me to rise in vindication of my right to
a seat; I know too well that it was a matter of little
consideration, individually considered, whether I or
another occupied the seat, or whether it was occu-
pied at all. My ejection, I well knew, would not
interrupt the coursc of legislation, or disturb the har-
mony of the system. But when the proposition
was not to eject a member simply from the House,
but to expel sovereign States from the right of rep-
resentation, the question then assumed a character
which struck at the very vitals of our institutions;
and one well calculated to test the permanency of
the system.
The State of Missouri had a direct and immediate
interest in this question, as it involved her right of
representation upon this floor; and, whilst I en;oyed
the confidence of her people by a seat here, she
should not be disfranchised of her constitutional
right, without resistance on my part to the despotic
act. Sir, a despotic and triumphant majority of the
last Congress, maddened by the sudden possession
of power, and ambitious to perpetuate it, had at-
tempted to inflict a wound upon the elective fran-
chise, which, if not successfully resisted, must in-
evitably result in an utter prostration of the rights of
the States, or, what is but a little less deplorable, a
dissolution of the Union. However gentlemen
might attempt to disguise it,, it was a question
not of mere formal regulations of election, but
it was one of power; one which struck at
the very foundation of the elective franchise
itself. I can regard it in no other light than
a direct blow, aimed by the party then in pow-
er, at that sacred and cherished principle in our.
institutions—the elective franchise. And, notwith-
standing this first daring attempt to invade the
rights of the States through their freedom of elections
has met a signal rebuke, has received but one uni-
versal sentiment of condemnation throughout the
length and breadth of this land, and the great body
of its authors have been signally hurled from power
by the people—yet, sir, we behold the maddened
spectacle of the few who have escaped the general
political wreck of their associates upon this question,
and have got back to their seats, endeavoring to
enforce this measure, even at the hazard of this glo-
rious Union, and the rights of the sovereign States
of which it is composed. Yes, sir; with loud pro-
fessions of veneration for the constitution, pro-
nounced in solemn tones for effect, they are, by their
acts, madly clamoring for its prostration, and ,the
dismemberment of the Union it so beautifully ce-
ments. They are calling upon this flouse to pro*
nounce a decision that four of the sovereign
States of this Union (Missouri among the rest) are
not entitled to a representation here, while they are
perfectly aware that ,the consequences of such a
judgment is a dismemberment of the confederacy,
as far as the action of this House can. effect it.
But, sir, the political fanaticism which we have
to encounter, in the vindication of our claims, is
not the only peculiar characteristic which this ques-
tion has assumed. We havet o defend our rights
before a tribunal of our constitutional judges, a large
portion of whom have decided upon our. cause
without a hearing, and have solemnly regis-
tered that decision before the world, - in ad-
vance of the investigation. One honorable gentle-
man [Mr. Newton of Virginia] had openly ex-
pressed his regret at having placed his name to
that paper, and I rejoice to hear it, as I thought for
the moment that it indicated a much better feeling
than had inspired the originators of that vindictive
attack upon the States and the people. But even
this faint hope was blasted by the honorable gentle-
man himself, when he labored to give, the question
a political bias; and talked about demagoguing, in
association with the advocates of our rights. I can
tell the honorable gentleman that he misconceived
his position when he talked about demagoguing in
this country. It is at least but the tyrant's argu-
ment against those who are found bold enough to
vindicate the rights of the people". It is an argu-
ment much better suited to the other side of the
water than to this branch of Congress, who are, or
ought to be, here, reflecting directly the image of
the people. It well becomes the advocates of the
condemned twenty-seventh Congress to talk of those
who are resisting their despotic acts, and endeavor-
ing to bring back the government to its legitimate
action, as demagoguing—as advocating principles
conciliatory to the people—in short, the principles
of the people themselves. Does not the honorable
gentleman concede that he is the advocate of power
—power unsanctioned by the people—when he
charges the, efforts of those against him as being
made for popular effect?
But the honorable gentleman has made another
discovery, worthy of this age of innovation upon
established usage—with how much of .courtesy to-
wards the honorable gentleman who have spoken
upon this subject, I will leave them and the House
to determine. He tells us that the whole argument
on our side of the House was but the repetition of
doctrines promulgated in the other end of the Capi-
tol—alluding, doubtless, to the speech of the honor-
able Silas Wright upon this question, on the
passage of this most extraordinary bill. Sir, if it
be any gratification to the gentleman, I can
tell him, for one, that I have drawn largely from that
pure fountain of unadulterated political faith—the
speech of the honorable senator from New York.
1 am proud of the opportunity of acknowledging
my indebtedness to the doctrines laid down in the
speech alluded to—doctrines which had baffled the
ingenuity of the honorable gentleman's party to an-
swer or resist—doctrines which would stand the test
of time as long as our beautiful system of govern-
ment resisted its unnatural foes, or patriotism had a
votary
But while the honorable gentleman is charging
upon our side of the House this source of all our
argument; I should like him to have told us from
what political fountain his party had drawn their
nutriment. Was it also of New York origin? Was
it from the celebrated protest of another honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] that
the honorable gentleman and his friends drew their
political nutriment'—a paper not distinguished for
its patriotism, not distinguished for its advocacy of
the rights of the people or the Slates, but distin-
guished alone as a pre-adjudication of a question,
by those who had constitutionally to sit in judgment
upon it; distinguished for its political malevolence,
and its bitter invective upon the people of several
of the sovereign States of this Union, and their
representatives upon this floor: the former of
whom, in this document, are charged with conduct
"lawless and revolutionary in its character," and the
latter with perpetrating "a legal fraud upon the
nation;" and this is the fountain from which the
gentlemen on the other side draw their political
aliment.
But all the gentlemen on the other side tell us
that this is a grave and important question, and how
very much they repudiate partjj politics being
blended with it. Sir, can we give the gentlemen
cyedit forsincerity in this declaration, in v«w of the
