174
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays on the
appeal.
Mr. DELLET, Mr. SAUNDERS, and Mr.
JAMESON, made some observations.
Mr. WILKINS reminded the Chair that a peti-
tion precisely like this had been received and re-
ferred.
Mr. PAYNE moved to lay the appeal on the
table; which, after a few words from Mr. GID-
DINGS, and Mr. D. H. LEWIS, was agreed to.
- Mr. PAYNE then raised the question of recep-
tion.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to lay that resolution
on the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS raised the point of order, wheth-
er the motion of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Payne] was not too late.
The SPEAKER decided it to be in order.
Mr. HUDSON called for the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
C. Johnson,] and they were ordered—the vote be-
ing taken by Messrs. G-rinnell and Haralson, tel-
lers.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion of Mr. C. Johnson, and it was negatived:
yeas 85, nays 87.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama, Shall the petition
be received?
Mr. C. JOHNSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question, tellers were appointed, who reported the
votes as follows—98 in the affirmative and 25 in the
negative. So there was a second.
The main question being then put, Shall the pe-
tion be received?
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays;
which, being ordered, were taken, and resulted as
follows: yeas 85, nays 86.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, [Beardsley, Benton,
Bidlack, James Black, Brodhcad, Jeiemiah Brown, Car-
roll, Cathn, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Richard
D. Davis, Dean, Dickey, Dickinson, Duncan, Dunlap, Elhs,
Elmer, Karlee, Fish, Florence, Frick, Giddings, Bvram
Green, Gnnnell, Hamlin, Hardin, Hays, Iienlcy. Hubbell,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B Hunt, Charles J In-
gcrsoll, Irvin, Jenks, P. B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Kirkpat-
rick, Leonard, Lyon, McCauslun, Mac lay, McClelland,
Marsh, Joseph Moriis, Morse, Moselcy, Nes Eli.sha R. Pot-
ter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, Chorlos M.
Read, Hitter, Robinson, Rogers, St. John, Sample, Sever-
ance, Thos. H. Seymour, Da\ id L Scjmour, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart. John Stewart,
Sykes, Tildcn, Tyler, Vance, Vamneter, Wheaton, White,
Williams, Wilkins, Winthrop, Win Wright, Joseph A.
Wright, and Yost—85.
NAYS—Messrs Ashe, Atkinson, "Barringor, Belsor, E. J.
Black, J. A.Black,Bluckwell,.Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, Caldwell, (.am])*
bell. Reuben Chapman, Aug. A Chapman, Chappell, Clulton,
Clinton, Cobb.Celos, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John W. l)a\ is,
Deberry, Dellet, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoolo, > ickliti,
French, Gilmer, Hammett, Haralson, Heiuck, Holmes,
Hogo, Hopkins, Houston, Hubaxd, Hughes, Jameson, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jonc?. Preston King,
Labranche, Lewis, Lucas. Lumpkin, McClernand, McKay,
Murphy, Newton, Norris, Payne, Teuton, Rayner, David S.
lie id, Reding. Relle, Russell, Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Sli-
dell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robei t Smith, Steen-
rod, Stephens, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor,
Thomas*on, Thompson, Tibbatts, Welier, Wentworth, and
Woodward—86.
So the petition was not received.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. GIDDINGS then presented several petitions
from citizens of Ohio, remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas to the Union; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Foreign Relations.
TORYISM.
Mr. GIDDINGS presented the petition of Martin
Mitchell, of New York, praying, 111 case Texas shall
be admitted into Union, the State of New York mny
be annexed to the British Provmce of Canada.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to the reception of
the petition, unless it could be shown that this indi-
vidual was authorized to speak for the people of
New York.
Mr. WELLER mo\ed to lay the question of le-
ception on the table; and the question being put, re-
sulted m yeas 41, nays 31.
No quorum voting—
Mr. ADAMS called for tellers, but they were not
ordered.
The SPEAKER put the question again; and the
vote was ayes 56, noes 58.
No quorum voting—
Mr. WELLER called for tellers, and they were
ordered; when the vote was again taken, and result-
ed in ayes 89, noes 26.
So the question of reception was laid on the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS then presented several abolition
petitions, which the Speaker decided were prohibited
by the 21st rule; and they were not received. Also,
several abolition petitions, which, not coming within
the rule, were received, and referred, viz: a petition
praying for the recognition of the black republic of
Hayti; a petition remonstrating against the 21st
rule; and petitions praying for an amendment to the
constitution so as to deprive the southern States of
their slave representations.
Petitions were also presented from Ohio, by Mr.
DUNCAN, Mr. TILDEN, and Mr. EMERY D.
POTTER.
Mr. HARDIN presented-petitions from Illinois,
he having been out of his seat when that State was
ailed.
Mr. T. SMITH of Indiana presented petitions un-
der similar circumstances.
Petitions were presented from Tennessee, by
Mr. CULLOM and Mr. BLACKWELL.
MASTER'S MATES AND MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. C. JOHNSON, by leave, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this House what persons
(and giving the name of each) who have been ap-
pointed by the Secretary, or other officers of the
Navy, master's mates, and permitted or required to
do duty as midshipmen, since the passage of the law
limiting the number of midshipmen; and on board
what ships or vessels they are employed; and that
the sailing of the frigate Raritan, now ready for sea,
be postponed or delayed until the legality of such
appointments be inquired into, or until the master's
mates, so appointed and so acting, be dismissed from
on board said frigate.
He said Congress had passed a law limiting the
number of midshipmen in the naval service, and yet
a number of persons had been appointed as master's
mates, who were doing duty as midshipmen.
Mr. FISH sugggested that th® resolution should
extend the inquiry to the expediency of repealing the
law fixing the present limit.
Mr. C. JOHNSON had no objection to that.
After a few words from Mr. PARMENTER, Mr.
YANCE, and others, the resolution was agreed to.
Petitions were then presented—
From Tennessee: By Mr. SENTER.
From Kentucky: By Mr. THOMASSON.
From Georgia: By Mr. BLACK. [This petition
was in the shape of a letter from a citizen of Florida,
addressed to the gentleman from Georgia, on the
subject of the election of the Territorial officers by
the people; and its peculiar shape led to some conver-
sation on its admissibility; and, after a few words on
the question of reference, it was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.]
On motion of Mr. LEVY, a bill on the same sub-
ject, which he had introduced, was given the same
direction.
PeUtions from South Carolina, were presented by
Messrs. RHETT and HOLMES.
Mr. CALDWELL, agreeably to previous notice,
introduced ci bill for the reliefof Eaton Nance; read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. RHETT presented a memorial from the
free trade association of New York, and asked for
its reading; and that it be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means; and that it be printed. After
some conversation, the memorial was read and re-
ferred; and the motion to print was rejected.
Petitions were also presented by Messrs.*
HOLMES and CAMPBELL.
From Virginia: By Messrs. DROMGOOLE,
CHILTON, GILMER, and NEWTON.
From Pennsylvania: By Messrs. WILKINS,
STEWART, DICKEY, BRODHEAD, BID-
LACK, and IRVING.
BRIDGE AT WHEELING.
Mr. WILKINS presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, instructing their sena-
tors and requesting their representatives in Con-
gress to vole against any apjuopridtson for the con-
struction of a biidge across the Ohio river at Wheel-
ing, or the raising of any superstructure calculated
to impede the navigation of that great thoroughfare;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads pnd
Canals.
Mr. STEENROD presented a letter from Mr.
Elliott, a scientific engineer and practical mechanic,
showing that such a work would not impede the
navigation of the Ohio; and moved that it be refer-
red to the-same committee, and printed.
The SPEAKER said that it could only be received
by general consent.
Mr. DICKEY objected, and it was not received.
PAY AND MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the reduc-
tion of the pay of members of Congress, and partic-
ularly for the reduction of their mileage: referred to
the Committee on Retrenchment.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. BIDLACK presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Wilkesbarre, praying for the reduction
of postages, and the reformation of the franking
privilege: referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. STRONG presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, instructing their senators
and requesting their representatives in Congress to
use their best exertions to secure the passage of a
law for refunding the fine imposed on Gen. Jackson
by Judge Hall: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. STRONG also presented the petition of the
Long Island Railroad company, praying the remis-
sion of the duties on railroad iron: referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. BEARDSLEY presented the petition of cer-
tain citizens of New York, praying for the repeal of
the act of 1793, which provides for the arrest of fugi-
tives from justice and fugitive slaves.
Mr. BLACK objected to the reception of the pe-
tition.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay the question of re-
ception on the table.
Mr. BLACK then withdrew his objection, saying
that the motion to lay the question of reception on
the table was an evasion of the question. '
Mr. THOMPSON lenewed the objection to the
reception of the petition; and
Mr. WELLER moved to lay the question of re-
ception on the table.
Mr. BEARDSLEY observed that it was some-
what desirable to have the full sense of the House
on this question, and he would, therefore, move a
call of the House, as it was thin and had been so all
day.
Mr. HOPKINS observed that it was too late for a
call of the House, and he therefore moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. ADAMS cisked if the question now under
consideration would come up to-morrow in case the
House then adjourned.
The SPEA&ER replied that, in that case, it
would not come up till next petition day.
Mr. ADAMS then called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn; but a sufficient number not
rising to sustain the call, they were not ordered.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporteis by the members
presenting them:
Mr. WENTWORTH introduced a petition,
which, he said, was headed "common schools,"
"universal education," and divers other patriotic
objects, and ending with a prayer that Texas may
not be admitted to the Union, from sundry citizens
ofTroy Grove, La Salle county, Illinois: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Also, a peti-
tion from a large number of the citizens of Chicago,
praying the reduction of postage and abolition of
the franking privilege: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. Also, from
Archimedes B. Wynkoop, esq., of Little Fort,
Lake county, Illinois, praying the right to extend
a pier into Lake Michigan: refened to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. HOGE: Petition of Chesley D. Bai-
ley, and others, citizens of McDonough and Han-
cock counties, m the State of Illinois, praying the
establishment of a mail route fiom Macomb, m said
county of McDonough, via Blandensville, La Harpe,
Camp Creek, Pontoohee, and Appanooee, to Nauvoo,
in said county of Hancock: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post roads.
