176
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
kind was calculated to snap asunder the bonds
of this Union. There are too many cases of this
kind, having a tendency to weaken the Union, by
creating unkind feelings between two sections.
Every such effort cannot fail to alienate still more
those who now believe themselves to be oppressively
and unjustly treated. He said that he trusted in
God that all such unholy efforts against the union
of the country might be defeated. The govern-
ment was intended to protect and guard the interests
of all sections; and, in framing the constitution of
the land, those patriotic fathers who modelled that
instrument looked to the interests of the whole; and
this incendiary movement, whether it came from
the legislature of a State, or from individual fana-
tics, deserved not only the condemnation, but the
execration, of every man devoted to the permanent
existence of this government. He would not re-
frain from expressing his abhorrence of such a
proposition, come from whatever quarter it might.
Was Massachusetts desirous to dissolve the govern-
ment? It so appeared; for she seemed to feel that
there was contamination by the union which ex-
isted between the two sections of the country. Mr.
K. said he would not give way to the feelings ex-
cited in his breast by the effort thus made to destroy
the government of the country.
Mr. BATES said he had no desire to begin a dis-
cussion on this subject, and therefore suggested to
the Senate that they be laid on the table. As the
resolutions had been referred in the other House to
a special committee, he wished no further order upon
them than to have them laid upon the table.
Being resolutions of the legislature of his State, he
felt that it was incumbent on him to present them in
a proper manner. So far from having a wish to ex-
cite discussion, his purpose was to avoid it. He
therefore moved to lay the resolution on the table;
which motion prevailed by a vote of the Senate. As
it was the ordinary courtesy due to a State, he had
no doubt that the Senate would agree to their beine
printed. a
The CHAIR remarked, that no objection having-
been made to the motion to lay the resolutions on the
on the table, as was usual, they were considered as
received; but as objection was raised, the first ques-
tion would be on the reception of the resolutions.
Mr. SEVIER said he objected to the reception of the
resolutions; and as the small States in that body were
on an equal footing with the Iaroe}no injustice could
be done. On resolutions of a similar character, (he
believed from Vermont,) two years since, the same
question was made.
The CHAIR again stated the question; which, he
said, would be on the reception of the resolutions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed a hope that there
w;ould be no objection to their reception. He hoped
his friend from Alabama would withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. KING said he had made none to their recep-
tion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was of that opinion. He
expressed a hope that the senator from Arkansas
would withdraw his objectton.
Mr. SEVIER was of the impiession that a similar
motion was once made in the case of resolutions
from the Legislature of Vermont.
Mr. MERRICK said the senator from Arkansas
was mistaken. The jdea was suggested; but, as the
resolutions came from a State, the question of recep-
tion was not raised.
Mr. SEVIER withdrew his objection.
The resolutions were received, and ordered to lie
on thelcible; and the question on printing1 was still
pending-. ^
Mr. BAGBY wished to notify the Senate that he
had no idea, here or elsewhere, of mixing up the
question of the right of petition with another ques-
tion having no connexion with it. He knew that
every expedient which human ingenuity could de-
vise had been resorted to, for the purpose of bring-
ing this question before both Houses of the Con-
gress of the United States. It was in vain for those
who had ears to hear, and eyes to see, to pretend to
be deaf or blind to these devices. What was the
objcct to be accomplished by these resolutions? Was
it not the identical objcct that had been stated
and presented m a thousand other foi ins? He con-
curred with his honorable colleague 111 the folly of
the views expressed in them; but there was one
point upon which he differed from him. He did
not regret the introduction of this subject here: oil
the contrary, he had, through a long course of years,
regretted the disposition manifested in both Houses
iq dodge this question. He was not averse to meet-
ing it; and, if the legislature of Massachusetts
thought proper to lay the axe at the very root of
the principle which sustained our institutions, upon
it let all the responsibility rest.
He wished to know from the Chair what
would become of the question of printing, if the
resolutions were laid on the table? Did that ques-
tion also lie on the table? Or were senators called
upon, by a grave act of that body, to give circula-
tion to resolutions adopted by the General Assem-
bly of Massachusetts, the very character of which
was seditious and incendiary? Were they called
upon to send to their respective States resolutions
printed by the Senate, asking for the accomplish-
ment of that very act which every man south of
Mason's and Dixon's line, and every patriot through-
out the country, had been laboring for years to pre-
vent? He again asked what became of the question
of printing?
The CHAIR replied that the sense of the Senate
would have to be taken on the motion to print.
Mr. BAGBY said that the whole matter had burst
upon him like a clap of thunder in a clear sky.
Without giving any expression to his feelings, or
speaking more strongly than he had spoken on the
subject of printing, he would not publish treason
against the rights and interests of his constituents,
let it come from what quarter it might. No act of
his, however, should ever vote to exclude this sub-
ject from full and free discussion. We had rights
secured to us by the God of nature—rights secured
to us by the constitution; and these rights he was,
at all times, ready and willing to discuss.
Mr. EVANS said, if there was going to be fur-
ther discussion on these resolutions, he would move
to postpone the question of printing. He would,
however, withdraw the motion, if senators would
permit the question to be taken.
The question now being on ordering the resolu-
tion to be printed—
Mr. BAGBY demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the question on printing
being put, resulted—yeas 14, nays 26, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Crittenden, irvans, Miller, Moiehead, Porter of
Michigan, Upham, "White, and Woodbridgp—14
NA\ S—Messrs/Allen, Atchibon.Atherton, Bagby, Benton,
Berrien, Breese," Buchanan, Colquitt, 1-airfield", Fulton,
Haywood, Henderson, Hugor, Jamagm, King, McDufiie,
Mangum, Merrick, Rives, temple, S«vier, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan/ Woodbury, and Wright—.23.
So the Senate refused to have the resolutions
printed.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial from Lieu-
tenant Alonzo B. Davis, a lieutenant in the navy
of the United States, praying to be allowed compen-
sation for duties performed, while connected with
the exploring expedition, above the grade which he
held in the navy: referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE asked leave to withdraw
from the files the petition and papers of William
Morrow, of Washington city, asking indemnity
for a violation ofhis contract.
Mr. KING remarked that there was a resolution
m existence which forbade the taking of the original
papers from the files; and required, where applica-
tion was made for them, that copies only should be
furnished. He stated the bad effect of permitting
the original papers to be taken away. Frequently
claims were rejected; and after the papers were with-
drawn, and the case presented again, it was in a new
form, and the grounds on which they were first re-
jected could not be seen. Hence the opinion which
had been frequently expressed on that floor that
claims increased in value as they increased in age.
He did not desire to throw any obstacle in the way
of withdrawing the papers in this particular case,
but wished the Senate either to adhere to its rule or
abolish it altogether.
After a few remarks by Messrs WOODBRIDGE
and TAPPAN, on the propriety of submitting a
motion authorizing the Secretary to have a copy of
the papers made, the subject was dropped.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from C. W.
Dennison, editor of the "Sheet Anchor," a paper
devoted to the moral improvement of the navy,
praying that the naval library fund may be so m-
cieased as to permit him to distribute at least five
hundred copies of this work among the receiving-
ships aud navy-yards of the United States: referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition 8f John
Keith, of New York, asking for a pension for revo-
lutionary services; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from
John Chew, praying for an increase of salary as
surveyor of the port of Havre de Grace, Maryland;
which was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two memorials from
citizens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, asking
for a reduction in the rates of postage referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
NAVIGATION OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BREESE, on leave, introduced a bill to im-
prove the navigation of the upper Mississippi river;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. ATHERTON presented a petition from
Hezekiah Hamlet, a revolutionary soldier, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion by Mr. PULTON, it was ordered that
the petition and papers of John D. Gibson, praying
to be allowed, in the settlement of his accounts, a
commission on certain disbursements as purser, be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, 1,000 copies of
the bill introduced yesterday by Mr. Merrick, reg-
ulating the rates of postage, and restricting the
franking privilege, were ordered to be printed for
distribution.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subject, reported
a bill directing the immediate disposition of certain
unclaimed goods, wares, and merchandise, seized
because they were illegally imported into the United
States; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
NAVAL SCHOOLS.
Mr. BAYARD, on leave, introduced a bill pro-
viding for the establishment of schools of instruc-
tion in the naval service of the United States; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the memorials
of the Tradegar company for casting cannon, and
William N. Ivey, a cutter of timber for the navy,
asking for an extension of their contracts, reported
a bill to afford relief to certain contractors of the
government, therein described; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
THE OREGON BILL.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the select committee on
the subject, reported back, without amendment, the
bill to encourage the settlement of the Territory' of
Oregon.
THE COMPROMISE ACT.
Mr. EVANS moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business of Fri-
day, being the resolution repoited from the Com-
mittee on Finance, for the indefinite postponement of
the bill introduced by the senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. McDuffie,] to reduce gradually the rates
of duties under the present tariff to the standard of
the compromise act—ihat is, an ad valorem duty of
twenty per ccnt.
Mr. EVANS, in continuation of his remarks of
yesterday, addressed the Senate for three hours.
After/enumerating the points in the speech of the
Senator from South Carolina, which he had an-
swered already, he proceeded to the next topic—the
assertion of that Senator that the tariff law of 1842
had increased the burdens of the people by adding
laigely to taxation and operating unequally and on-
erously on most sections of the country and benefit-
ing a favoicd class. Now, he denied both the
premises and the conclusion. He denied the as-
sumption that a duty on foreign manufactures,which
should raise them m piice, would have the effect of
enhancing the price of domestic manufactures. He in-
sisted that directly the contrary would happen. He did
not care how plausible the theory might be, it was
overthrown by experience and facts. He referred
to various statistical tables, with a view of showing
that, since the law of 1842 had come into operation,
the prices of domestic manufactures had come down.
The effect of a low duty, or license to bring for-
eign manufactures into the country, in direct com-
petition with domestic manufactures, would ulti-
mately be to raise prices higher than they had been
before—because, then, the competition would be be-
tween foreign capitalists and home capitalists:
whichever had the most means would brealr
