1§0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Peb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Jameson.
H. of Reps.
they plunged into Charybdu-, in escaping from one
error, they fall into another.
) Amongst all the causes that led to the change of
the government, from the articles of the confedera-
tion, and to the adoption of the present constitution,
none was perhaps more apparent than the defect in
the system by which legislation acted upon the
sovereign States, instead of the people. The gov-
ernment, under that system, was found to be a wholy
impracticable affair. To give effect to the legislation
of Congress, in many instances, the States had to
legislate in turn; and as they had conflicting inter-
ests, it was difficult to secure anything like a uni-
formity of action. This was the error, of attempt-
ing .to legislate upan sovereignties, instead of di-
rectly upon the people—an error which our ances-
tors had the wisdom early to discover, and the pa-
triotism to remedy, by the adoption of the present
constitution. ' But their remedy has been in vain, if
wild and unrestrained construction is to supplant
the legitimate import of their plain precepts.
And to escape the position that it is an attempt to
legislate upon the sovereign States, some of the gentle-
men on the other side, deny its mandatory charac-
ter—a point in which the gentlemen themselves
seem to disagree. Now it was immaterial to him,
for the sake of this argument, whether it was man-
datory or not. If it was mandatory to' the States,
it violated the constitution, in attempting to le-
gislate here upon the States in their sovereign capacity,
m a case not provided for in the constitution. If it
was not mandatory, and was in reality what another
portion of the gentlemen claimed it to be, the mere
declaration of an abstract principle—(a new article
in thesonstitution, he supposed they meant)—and
that it operated upon the people to make them act
through their legislatures, and legislate in conformity
to it,—then it amounted to nothing at all, until the
legislation upon the subject was completed.' Another
portion of the gentlemen on the other side, claimed
for it its mandatory character, and assumed for it
a similarity to the legislation of the country on the
militia system. Now, it was extremely unfortunate
for this argument of the gentlemen, that the con-
stitution expressly provided for this joint or concurrent
legislation between Congress and the States, in this
particular instance, and defined accurately the re-
spective powers of each. It is an argument in our
favor; because, if the framers of the constitution
had intended similar legislation 111 the two cases, it
is clear that the powers would have been similary
defined.
The constitution, in regard to the militia, confers
upon Congress expressly the power of arming and
deciplining them, and for the government of such
part of them as may be employed in the service of
the United States; but reserving as expressly to the
States respectively, the appointment of the officers,
and the authority of training them, according to a
discipline prescribed by Congress. Here each gov-
ernment has its respective powers carefully defined
and fully expressed. And, if the convention intended
to confer a similar power of legislation upon the
several governments, State and federal, it is but a just
tribute to their intelligence to suppose they would
have expressed it in language of similar import.
In order to support this idea of the power of Con-
gress to legislate upon the States, the honorable gen-
tlaman from Tennessee [Mr. Dickinson] contends
that a similar power is conferred, in the authority to
fix the standard of weights and measures conferred
upon Congress. I do not, I must confess, see the
force of tins argument; but as the gentleman had
referred to it, it might serve to illustrate the fallacy
of the whole doctrine,. Congress has power to fix
the standaid ofweights and measures. Suppose, in-
stead of Congress putting itself to the trouble of
fixing such standard, it had declared, by a law of
similar import to the second section, that a uniform
standard of weights and measures should be fixed
throughout the United States, and leave it to State
legislation, with the varied conflicting opinions and
interest, to complete the work: would such a law lie
in conformity to the letter or spirit of the consti-
tution?
But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Dickin-
son] also tells us, after paying a just and well-mer-
ited tribute to the high talents and commanding in-
fluence of Colonel Bf.nton, that he was only sup-
porting the doctrine on the subject of districting
that Colonel Benton supported some twenty years
ago. The gentleman was more unfortunate in tins
allusion than in the former, as applied to this argu-
ment. Did not the gentleman recollect what was
the £ju stion upon which that report in the Senate,
and a similar one in this House, by an honorable
gentleman now in the other end of the Capitol, [Mr.
McDuffie,] were made. If he did not, I can tell
him. It was upon propositions to amend the consti-
tutions, to give, among other things, the very identi-
cal power so arrogantly claimed and exercised by
the 27th Congress. what the people refused to
grant by way of amendment, the whigs discovered
to exist as soon as it suited their ambitious schemes
of perpetuating their power. From the foregoing
considerations, with others too tedious to detail, I
hold the act in question wholly unconstitutional.
But secondly—assuming, for the sake of the argu-
ment, that Congress had the constitutional authority
to legislate upon the subject of districting—the ques-
tion arises, has it so exerted its authority as to make
a law of binding force and effect? Has Congress
made such a law as can be executed without accom-
panying it with additional legislation on the part o
the States?
If Congress has the power at all, it is to make
regulations ill lieu of existing regulations, or alter
such parts of them as it may deem expedient. Has
Congress done either? Has it made new regulations
for the elections, or altered old ones in existence? It
has done neither. With the manifest disposition to
seize this power over the elective franchise, and ex-
ercise despotic authority, to control the elections for
the perpetuation of their own power, yet they had
not the nerve to carry it out to an extent that would
make it a practicable law. If the regulations of any
State have been altered, I call upon the friends of
this law to point out such alterations. Declaring
regulations shall be altered, is not altering them. In-
deed, none are so bold as to assume that Congress
has passed a law by which the State elections could
have been held, without the interposition of State
legislation.
If Congress 'lias the power, it is a granted power
from the States, as all the powers of Congress are of
that character; and I would like gentlemen to show
any authority for a re-delegation of that power by
Congress back to the States. The powers given to
Congress were intended to be exercised by Con-
gress. To assume that Congress can re-delegate
back to the States a granted power, or any portion
thereof that it may find inconvenient to exercise, is
at once to place the constitution on no higher foot-
ing than a mere act of Congress, subject to be re-
pealed, if not directly, at least indirectly. As a gene-
ral principle, legislative power is of such a charac-
ter as not to be delegated; and when that principle is
applied, to a government of limited powers, confer-
red for specific purposes, the principle in question
becomes binding and imperative.
Again, sir, as a plain legal question of construc-
tion upon conflicting acts, made in both instances
by competent authority, the gentlemen's position on
the other side must fall. It will hardly be denied
that the States had full and ample authority to make
regulations for elections of members of Congress.
They had made those regulations which, in
themselves, were ample and complete for all
the purposes designed. Now, I hold that Congress
could not supplant or destroy those regulations
without supplying others in their place, as the con-
sequence resulting from such an act would be to dis-
solve the Union and destroy the constitution, which
no act of Congress could do.
And again, sir: It is conceded on every side that
the act in question can, from its very nature, have
no effort until the State legislatures act, to carry it
nut in its details. Then it is an act depending upon
the contingency of subsequent legislation, to give it
force and vitality. Then, in the absence of this
subsequent legislation, the law in itself is incomplete
and imperfect, and not susccptiblc of execution. In
Missouri, that subsequent legislation which was es-
sential to gi^e it vitality, has not occurred; and initil
that event happens, it can have no binding force or
effect there.
Besides, sir, if this law is to have any binding ef-
fect at all, m its present shape, it operates merely as
a repeal of the State regulations, which Congress has
no more power to do than it has to repeal the consti-
tution itself. To suppose the existence of such a
power in Congress, is to concede the authority m it
to dissolve the government at pleasure. Suppose,
for an instant, that it is, in reality, what gentlemen
contend it is—a repeal of the State regulations—and
all the election regulations of these States were actu-
ally repealed by the Whig Congress of 1842: and
who is here upon this floor by legal authority' If
Congress can repeal the election laws of the States
at pleasure, without giving others, then it can, at
will, cheek the harmonious action of government;
and this is assuming for Congress powers which I
hold to be incompatible with the genius of our free
nstitutions.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Dickinson,]
by way of glorifying the period when the 27th Con-
gress was in power, pointed triumphantly to the
success of what he was pleased to term the law-and-
order party of Rhode Island. Sir, he was as unfor-
tunate in this allusion as he was in some of his
other arguments. I am free to admit that the un-
armed people of Rhode Island, in a peaceful struggle
for their rights as freemen, were trodden down by
the iron hoof of power; and I am as free to admit
this amongst the acts that characterized the period
of whig power; and that the act received the appro-
val of their leaders. But does the honorable gentle-
man not know that the issue there arose out of a
struggle of the people against power, to obtain a free
suffrage—a thing that the gentleman and his con-
stituents now enjoy? The honorable gentleman may
talk about the law-and-order party; hut he dare not
tell his constituents iliat it was a struggle for free
suffrage, and that he is on the side of power, against
the people. I can tell the gentleman, what, perhaps,
he well knows, that in the Great West we were all
a free-suffrage people, and upon that issue we were
all Dorrites.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Dickinson] had also told the House that this was
a question between the general-ticket and district
systems. Now, sir, there is no such issue; and I
cannot permit gentlemen to force their arbitrary ex-
ercise of authority at the expense of the rights of the
people I have the honor in part to represent, by
mounting a popular hobby. There is no such is-
sue here; it is solely a question of power, and gen-
tlemen need not think to escape it. The people
are not to be deceived by false issues; they under-
stand the question, and will in due time,apply the
remedy.
The honorable gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Campbell,] in extracts from a speech spread
upon our tables, had endeavored to bolster up his
claim for constitutional power by the authority of
one of Virginia's noblest sons—Patrick Henry.
That profound statesman and true republican saw,
in this term "manner," a lurking mischief—that it
admitted of a dangerous latitude—and he raised his
voice of warning against it. He saw, as with a spi-
rit of prophecy, what has so soon come to pass—
that a party, flushed with victory, and ambitious to
perpetuate their power, would, under this pretended
control, "destroy the end of suffrage" itself, and he
warned liis countrymen of the. danger; and tha
warning is now assumed to be treated as a deliberate
admission of the existence of thepower, and quoted
as authority to justify the very abuses he so elo-
quently portrayed. Had his solemn warnings been
regarded, or the perpetual instructions of the States
that grew out of them been obeyed by the 27th
Congress, there would be no necessity now of vindi-
cating the rights of sovereign States to a representa-
tion upon this floor.
In conclusion, I have but a word or two too add.
I have endeavored to present this question, briefly
but fairly, before the House, upon all the points
deemed important. I now submit it, with a confi-
dence inspired by the justice of our cause, and the
known patriotism of our judges. I must confess
that I have had but little apprehensions for the re-
sult. Confidently believing that the decision which
would expel the representatives of four States from
this House, would strike a fatal blow at the confed-
eracy itself, I have not permitted myself to indulge
a thought of such a result—a result so inconsistent
with the patriotism of Congress, or the bright and
future hope of our glorious institutions.
SPEECH OF MR. JAMESON,
OF MISSOURt,
In the House of Representatives, February 10th, 1844—
Upon the report of the majority of the Commit-
tee of Elections, in favor of the right of the mem-
bers from the States of New Hampshire, Geor-
gia, Mississippi, and Missouri, to their seats; and
against the validity of the second section of the
apportionment act of 1842.
Mr. Speaker: I rise with a degree of embarrass-
ment I have not hitherto felt on any question since
I have had the honor of a seat upon this floor. It
arises from the importance of the. question, the posi-
tion in which I am pla.ced, and from the fact that I
