CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
> St
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1844.
Volume 13....No 12.
[Continued from No. 11.]
down the other. Now, in such a competi-
tion, no one could doubt that the British cap-
italists, with their facilities for obtaining money
at two or three per cent., and the cheapness of the
labor they can obtain, would very soon bring the
competition to a close, by driving the home njanu-
facturer out of the market. The market would
then be at the mercy of the foreign manufacturers;
and the country would have to depend on their ca-
price for their supplies, which, at their pleasure, they
could increase or diminish in such manner as to
force the consumers to pay whatever prices were
demanded. The moment they had obtained pos-
session of the market, they would raise prices, so as
to reimburse them all they had lost by competition,
and would keep up those prices, by making the
supply barely equal to the demand.
He (Mr. E.) contended that the Senator from
South Carolina was no less mistaken in his idea,
that the opening of this market freely or to a large
extent to the foreign manufacture would have the
effect which he so strenuously desired,—that of in-
creasing the exports of cotton to the same extent
and value as the increase of imports; for, he ar-
gued, the goods sent here by the British manufac-
turers would not be made of American cotton ex-
clusively, as it was very well known that the cotton
of Surat, India, and other places, was mixed with
American cotton by them—although it was of a
coarser and far more inferior quality—because it was
cheaper. But why would the senator prefer selling a
less quantity of his cotton, and at a less price, to the
British manufacturers, for goods to be consumed by
American citizens, to selling a full quantity to the
domestic manufacturers at a better price? for such
he (Mr. E.) insisted would be the consequence of
carrying out in practice the senator's theories. And
did he not see that, by selling to the home manufac-
turer and keeping out the foreign manufacturer,
American labor would be beneficially employed in-
stead of foreign labor; and that, besides enabling the
home manufacturer to supply the home mar-
ket, he would be enabled to do more—to be-
come an exporter of manufactured cotton goods,
thereby increasing the domestic consumption of
American-grown cotton? ^
He (Mr. E.) insisted that the foreign manufactu-
rers would not so anxiously desire a reduction of the
tariff of this country, if they did not know that, in
such event, they would have a chance of taking the
market out of the hands of the domestic manufac-
turers. On the same principle, the tobacco growers
of this country were sending agents, at great ex-
pense, to Europe, with a view of obtaining a reduc-
tion of the foreign tariff against tobacco, because
they know that they could largely extend the growth
of tobacco here, and obtain fairer prices for the pro-
duction of their soil.
The senator's idea seemed a strange once, that,
by putting on such a duty as would admit ten mil-
lions of foreign manufactures in competition with
forty millions of domestic manufactures, the price of
the forty millions would be raised as much as the duty
on the ten millions enhanced the cost here, duty paid.
Would there not be fifty millions to supply the con-
sumers instead of forty millions? and was it likely
that, with a more abundant supply in the market,
the purchaser would give higher prices? Did not
ever old woman, who brought her pound of butter
to market, know that if she wonted a high price, it
was not to a market abundantly supplied she should
bring it, but to a market where the supply fell short5
Now, one of the good effects of the act of 1849,
was to settle the market—to put an end to that uncer-
tainty which created fluctuations of prices. Manu-
facturers, knowing what they had to depend upon,
could renew their efforts, engage more largely and
with smaller profits in business, and produce their
fabrics at less cost; so that they could -afford to re-
duce prices and fully meet the demand by a regular
and full supply. This was what the friends of the
tariff law anticipated; and, whether by the operation
of that law or not—whether admitted or denied to be
from that caused—the feet was undeniable, that the
result has justified the anticipation; for business is
pa ore |>yos|>eronsi than ever, and prices are growing
cheaper without the producer being injured by the
reduction.
Another thing that resulted from these causes was,
that the home demand for agricultural productions
was increased as the operative in manufactoreis in-
creased in the ability to become consumers. The
agricultural producers were actually beginning al-
ready to feel the beneficial effects of the tariff law
of 1842. The Senator from South Carolina did not
take into consideration all this; bemuse he confined
himself to the effect, as he supposed, of the tariff law
on the capitalists alone engaged in domestic manu-
factures. Their profits he thought enormous, as if
the operatives did not share in those profits, and,
by doing so, were not enabled to become themselves
a very numerous body of consumers of agricultural
productions.
Now he (Mr. E.) insisted that the data from
which the senator drew his inference that the profits
of manufactures were now 35 per cent., could not
at all be relied upon. The loose manner in which
the census of 1840 was taken ought to have ad-
monished him of this. How much more rational
it would have been for the senator to select individ-
ual establishments, and inquire into the actual profits.
Had he done this, he would have found that, in-
stead of 40 or 35 per cent, dividends, they were not
making over 12 per cent. Instances might be found
in which establishments that cost vast sums had
been broken down by the low tariff of 1841, or the
causes which deranged all the business of the coun-
try in 1837—'8, and had been subsequently sold by
auction, or at sheriff's sale, for a fraction of what
they cost; and, in such eases, the advantage to the
possessors enabled them to make larger dividends. But
if the original capital sunk in those establishments,
together with the capital now keeping them in ope-
ration, were considered conjointly, their apparent
large dividends would be found not to exceed the
dividends on every other branch of business. Such
profits as the senator imagined were derived from
manufactures could not long exist. It was not a
secret that could be kept. The moment it was
known, men of capital and enterprise would be
found ready to rush into the same business; and
would continue to do so till the competition would
bring profits down to the average profits of every
other kind of business.
Mr. E. next proceeded to consider the manufac-
turing capacity^of England with a view of showing
that her great and chief object was to suppy her
own home demand. He referred to statistical tables,
in which he found that the manufactures of Eng-
land amount annually to about <£173,136,316, (nearly
865,000,000 of dollars.) Of this, cotton fabrics
amounted to 52,000,000 of pounds sterling, (260,000,-
000 of dollars.)
Of the whole products of England, (173,000,000 of
pounds sterling,) 126,000,000 millions are consumed
within the kingdom itself, and only 47,000,000 ex-
ported.
Of the 4*52,000,000 of cotton fabrics manufactured
in Great Britain, .€28,000,000 are consumed within
the kingdom, and only <±'24,000,000 exported. Now,
what proportion of this ^£52,000,000 would be affect-
ed by prohibiting the exports of England to this
market of §10,000,000 worth of cotton goods, as sup-
posed by the senator from South Carolina? $10,-
000,000 is about .£2,000,000 sterling, or 4 per cent,
on the whole quantity of cotton goods made in Great
Britain. Would the prohibition of this 4 per cent,
of British manufactures disable British manufacturns
from buying American cotton5 Would it have any
serious etfect at all upon prices in England?
As to the prices of cotton, Mr. E. referred to the
late price current of New Orleans, to show that the
price of raw cotton now was considerably more—m
some instances over 80 per cent, higher—than m the
corresponding months of last year. He quoted these
prices at large, and contrasted ihem with the prices
of last year, in some qualities from 4 cents to 7|,
and others from 55 to 8|—Home from 7 to 9—aver-
aging between 50 and 60 per cent, advance. All this
he attributed to the increased consumption by Amer-
ican manufacturers. The price, he insisted, was at
this moment higher in New \ ork for bale cotton
than in Liverpool. But instead of the lowness of
price in Liverpool being in consequence of the limi-
tation of imports, it was owing to the stock on hand
being so large that no further supply was required
for four months. The year's consumption was esti-
mated at 1,600,000 bales; but there Was an overstock
on hand, from former years, of 500,000 bales, and
this occasioned the depression of prices. Tha cot-
ton crop of the United States yielded about 2,000,000
bales The consumption in England being 1,600,000,
left for the consumption of this country 400,000; of"
which 300,000 was consumed by the manufacturers
north and east of Pennsylvania.
In conclusion, (Mr. E.) alluded to the discontent
of South Carolina as being unreasonable; because
she could not now, as formerly, obtain 16 cents a
pound for her cotton. She had now to compete with
new States, sueh as Tennessee, Alabama, Mississip-
pi, possessing a vastly superior soil, and more ge-
nial climate. She could not, with her poorer soil,
worn out by long cropping, expect to stand that
competition long. The time might come, when she
and Georgia would be compelled by this competi-
tion of younger, more fertile and vigorous States,
to change their industry to something else. Should
they go to manufacturers, he would rejoice at it.
He wished to see them spread all over the Union.
Already too large a portion of the population was
employed in agriculture, causing over production.
It would be better to divert some part of this indus-
try intQ other channels.
He could tell the senator from South Carolina,
that his wish that his State should be left to herself
could not be accomplished. She was a partner in
this Union, and had entered into a compact for a
general government, from which she could not now
be allowed to retire.
Mr. E. apologized for the time he had occupied;
and regretted that he could not more fully and satis-
factorily, at this time, answer every argument of the
senator from South Carolina. Should another op-
portunity occur this session, he would be prepared
to do so.
Mr WOODBURY then obtained the floor; but it
being late, (4 o'clock,)
On motion of Mr. McDUFFIE,
• The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 23,1844.
The journal of yesterday having been r£ad and
approved,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that the rules of
the House be suspended, in order that committees
might be called for reports.
Mr. C. JOHNSON hoped the suspension of the
rules would be limited to the morning hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL assented to the limitation, and
the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
Cornelius Bogard; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMES, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a resolution authorizing that com-
mittee to employ a clerk.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that the rate of com-
pensation should be fixed, and that there should be
a limitation of time.
Mr. HOLMES modified the resolution by insert-
ing "at four dollars a day." And the question ho-
ing taken on the resolution as modified, the vote
was, 50 in the-affirmative, and 42 in the negative,
no qaoram voting.
Mr. HOPKINS moved a further amendment,
that all Standing committees be permitted, if they
deem it necessary, to employ clerks.
This amendment was rejected—yeas 48, nays (0.
Mr. ELMER moved to amend the resolution by
inserting "not exceeding 30 days."
Mr. HOLMES moved to strike out 30, and in-
sert 60. .
The amendment to the amendment was negatived:
yeas 52, nays 63.
Mr. Elmer's amendment was then adopted: yeas
95, nays not counted.
The question recurrring on the adoption of the
resolution as amended—
Mr. THOMPSON moved further to amend by
inserting "and that the Committee on Indian Affair^
be permitted to employ a clerk."
