i m
APPENDIX 'TO I'HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Jameson.
H. of Reps.
fectly shocked at the idea. While the gentleman,
Mr. Speaker, was thus making his long-faced dis-
play, my mind involuntarily ran back to, the last
Congress and its actings and doings, in which the
gentleman acted- a conspicuous part—that Con-
gress, sir, to the acts of which, the constitution was
no barrier; that passed more acts in violation of the
Constitution than any that has ever sat since the
formation of this government. Yes, sir, even the
Congress that passed the alien and sedition laws
did not violate that instrument near as often as the
last. And while I was thus pondering, sir, on the
acts of the last Congress, I thought to myself that
I could point out the way by which the gentleman's
fine sensibilities, tender conscience, and scrupulous
regard for the constitution, might be relieved; and
for which, if carried out, he would forgive the com-
mittee for this awful and astonishing outrage. And
it is this, sir: that the committee go aside, prepare
and bring in a bill to donate to some rich widow (at
the North Bend, or in the gentleman's district) the
sum of twenty-five thousand dollars; also, a bill to
donate to the printers of the last Congress near
fifty thousand dollars, over and above what that
Congress had contracted to give them, and over and
above what those printers had sworn they could do the
Erinting for before a committee of the House; also, a
ill to make the Clerk of the House of the last Con-
gress judge of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of members of this House; also, a bill to dis-
tribute a portion of the revenue among the States,
not among the people, with a clause in it to tax the
people to make up not only the deficiency produced
to the amount distributed, but also the cost of dis-
tribution and collection again, as well as the interest
to be paid on borrowed money, in the mean time, to
carry on the government, as also the principal
sum borrowed; also, a bill assuming the State debts,
that the gentleman may, by virtue, especially, of
this and the distribution bill, when passed, have a
good foundation upon which to lay heavy taxes and
burdens upon the people, by laying a tariff of from
five hundred to a thousand per cent., that his pet
manufacturers may make vast fortunes at the ex-
pense of the great body of the people; also a bill, if Eng-
land should order it, taking away the jurisdiction of
State courts over crimes committed by foreigners
within the States, and transfer it to the federal
judiciary; and also, and most especially, a bill to
wipe out all honest and just debts, that will be cer-
tain to impair the obligation of contracts, and be re-
trospective in its operation. These would please
the, gentleman; they would be perfectly constitu-
tional, and would save the country, in his view—
would appease his horror-stricken countenance, and
shorten his face well on to a foot; for they are just
sueli measures as the gentleman approved and aided
111 passing at the last Congress. Having dis-
posed of these collateral matters, 1 will proceed,
Mr. Speaker, to give my views upon the main ques-
tion, which, by the discussion, and the minority re-
port, is made to assume the shape of, whether the
representatives from New Hampshire, Georgia,
Mississippi, and Missouri, have been constitution-
ally elected, and returned to this House; and the
detei ruination of this is made to depend upon the
further question whether the second section of the
apportionment art of 1842, which requires that the
States shall be districted, and each district send one
member, is constitutional and operative; or whether,
standing by itself, unaided by State legislation, it is
riot a nullity; and whether Congress can command
the State legislatures to aid m a matter over which
it has complete control and jurisdiction; or
whether any act of Congress making the right
of the people of the States to representation on
this iloor depend upon a contingency which may or
may not happen, is constitutional? It is necessary
to determine all these questions to arrive at a correct
conclusion on the nuun question. And, first, wheth-
er the second section is constitutional and operative;
or whether, standing by itself, unaided by State le-
gislation, it is not a nullity. This second section is
a rule upon, or a command to, the State legislatures;
and if not obeyed, the gentlemen say on the other
side, has- the effect to ■d«prive the people of the
States disobeying, of the right of repiesentation on
this floor. If this be true, then it has the sajnc force
as if it had been a part of the constitution itself, as
it would add a new qualification to a member, and
repeal or alter one that already existed in the consti-
tution. I have always been taught to believe that it
was, according to the frame of our government, the
office of a constitution to prescribe a rule for a sove-
reignty; and that it was not in the power of one
sovereignty, by an act, to prescribe a rule to, and di-
rect and command another sovereignty to carry out
that rule in detail; unless, indeed, the constitution
expressly gave such a power, which, in this in-
stance, it does not do.
Then, Mr. Speaker, if this second section has the
effect to prescribe a new qualification for a member
of this House, as is contended for, (and, indeed, it
has no other effect,) it is clearly unconstitutional.
The constitution has prescribed-fully the qualifica-
tions of members of this House. It has not left any
part of so important a matter to legislative action.
Then, what does the constitution say on this sub-
ject? Here it is, in the second section of the first ar-
ticle, and is as follows:
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States; and the electors in each State shall
have the qualifications requisite for electors of the
most numerous branch of the State legislature. No
person shall be a representative who shall not have
attained the age of twenty-five years, and been sev-
en years a citizen of the United States; and who
shall not, when elected, be ail inhabitant of that
State in which he shall be chosen." Then, sir, our
right to membership here depends upon this clause
of the constitution, and not upon an act of Congress
which violates it. And the question is, are we qual-
ified according to its provisions' ' Have we been
elected by the people of the States from which we
come? Are we twenty-five years of age? Have we
been seven years citizens of the United States? And
are we inhabitants of the States which elected us? If
so, it would seem that there is an end to the ques-
tion. And yet, that it is so, is conceded by all; for
there is no question raised upon these or any of these
facts. Then, I ask, how can gentlemen, who
are sworn to support that instrument, (not any
act of Congress,) vote to oust us with this clause
staring them in the face? The answer to this is
based upon the construction which they give to the
fourth section of the same article, winch section is
as follows:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
cloosing senators."
A construction as dangerous in effect, and as lati-
tudmous in its scope, as any that has ever been giv-
en to any part or clause of the constitution. Even
that old exploded and federal construction of the
words, "provide for the common defence and
general welfare of the United States," after tear-
ing them from their context which would make
Congress omnipotent, and would give them power to
ride over every limit and barrier in the constitution,
was not more latitudinous or dangerous. Let us
analyze it. They say that, according to the con-
struction given to this clause by the cotemporaries
of the constitution, Congress has the power at any
time, whether the States were in default or not, to
make or alter the times, places, or manner of hold-
ing elections, (which I deny, however; but let Us
agree to it at present for argument's sake,) and in
this case it has only undertaken to alter the manner
of holding elections. But, sir, was it ever dreamed
by the framers of the constitution, or its cotempora-
ries, that any Congress, under the terms "alter the
manner of holding elections," would claim and ex-
ercise the power to add a new qualification to a
member, and repeal one that is in the constitution;
to alter and limit the franchise of the citizen; to de-
clare who shall, and who shall not, vote for a repre-
sentative here, when the, constitution expressly says
who shall be thus entitled to vote; and to amend or
superadd to the constitution by an act of Congress?
If so, then Congress is indeed omnipotent, and the
constitution is no barrier to its acts; for, if Congress
can alter the first qualification of a member laid
down m the constitution, under the pretext of alter-
ing the manner of holding elections, it can alter all
the rest. The first qualification is, that we shall be
elected by the people of the States; but the last Con-
gress has stricken out the word "States" in the con-
stitution, and by an act, in lieu thereof, inserted the
word "district;" and, according to the doctrine of the
gentlemen on the other side, that amendment of the
constitution is valid and binding, overrides the con-
stitution ns it originally stood; and that, in order to
be entitled to our seats, we must come here with our
certificates and our proofs in our pockets showing
that we were elected by the people of a district^ and
not by the people of the States, as the constitution
says. And, sir, if Congress can take one step in
limiting the  franchise, it can go to any extent. If
it can say that the people of a district, instead of a
State, shall elect a member here, it can say what
size the district shall be; it can declare that four par-
ticular counties (naming them) in Missouri shall
each send a member, and the balance of the State
auother. It can say that no man should be entitled
to vote unless he owned five thousand dollars' w.orth
of real property; and, finally, it could say that one
person alone should elect a member. But again: if
Congress can alter one of the qualifications of a
member, as prescribed by the constitution, it can
alter all. It can declare, by law, that not only shall
every member hereafter elected to this House be
elected by the people of a district, instead of the
people of a State, but that he shall be thirty years
of age, a native bom citizen, and may be an in-
habitant of any State in the Union; for there is the
same power to alter one qualification as another.
This presentation of facts brings to the mind, at one
view, the great danger of the power claimed by the
gentlemen on the other side. It would dispose of
the constitution; and would give to a reckless ma-
jority here the power to dispose of the representation
of this House in whatever way their ambition
might dictate, so as to perpetuate their power. Yes,
sir, if this power, this entering-wedge to the over-
throw of State rights and the government, is con-
ceded and acquiesced in by this House and the
country, it is easy to foresee that, if ano-
ther whig Congress should be returned here,
composed of men of a little more boldness than those
of the last (27th) Congress, (and but a very little
more would be necessary) they would carry out the
principle of this second section in detail themselves.
Not by ordering State legislatures to act as agents
for them in carrying out their designs; but by ap-
pointing special agents for that purpose—charged
with the power of districting every State in the
Union; and especially charged so to lay them off-
regardless of form, territory, or population—that
each district would be certain to return here a rabid
federal whig, so that they might eventually over-
turn the government, and establish upon its ruins a
consolidated aristocracy. But, sir, what have the
contemporaries said in relation to this clause?
They have said that this power was given to Con-
gress to be exercised only when any State or States
were in default; that is, when any of them failed or
refused to provide laws for the election and return of
their quota of members here; so that the govern-
ment might. have, within itself, the materials and
power of self-preservation. And this, too, was ex-
pressly the opinion of Mr. Hamilton on this clause—
the man from whom the latitudinarians have de-
rived the most of their notions about the powers
conferred upon Coegress by the constitution. But
the 27th Congress went ahead of him—assumed
powers that he never would have thought of, or
ventured upon. And those here who are sustaining
the acts of that Congress would, if he could be called
back and be present, put him to the blush. And
this, too, no doubt, is the construction that has been
placed upon it by every Congress since the gov-
ernment existed, down to the last; for no other
Congress ever undertook to exercise this pow-
er, for the reason that the contingency had not
happened, which, in their opinion, gave them the
right to exercise it. The States had regularly, from
the beginning of the government, returned their
quota of members; and so they had to the last Con-
gress. All of them had sufficient laws for that pur-
pose. But suppose that Congress had the power to
pass this mandamus act: was there any necessity
for it? Were the people of any of the States dis-
satisfied with their election laws? And did they
call upon Congress to interfere in this matter? No,
sir. They were perfectly satisfied; they were doing
their duty with harmony and fidelity under then
existing State laws—raised no question about it in
the canvass, and sent up no petitions or requests
here asking Congress to interfere in this matter. And
yet that Congress, with a knowledge of all these
facts, knowing that the people wanted no change,
and directly, it may be said, against their will,
passed this act; and, as I have before said, for the
purpose of disfranchising these four States, know-
ing that they were democratic; and expected,
thereby, to secure a majority in this House, that
they might perpetuate their power. But, sir, 1
made a small digression. Under this eotempora-
neous construction of the constitution, there has
been but one case since the government y/m organ-
