Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i§3
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Jameson.
H. of Reps.
ized, even likely to happen, that would require the
exercise of this power; and that is the case of the
State of Maryland. She is now without representa-
tion here. Her last legislature failed to pass the
necessary laws to effect an election. Her present
legislature, however, has done it, ordered the elec-
tion, and her members will soon be here.
But, sir, suppose this legislature had refused to
act. Then it would be agreed on all sides that it
was a fit case for the action of Congress. But how
act? By commanding that very legislature which
had refused to act to pass the necessary laws to send
up representatives here' Would it be proper to
make the right of the people of a State to represent-
ation here depend upon such a contingency?—a con-
tingency that we had every reason to believe would
not take place; and, if it did not, would not such an
act be wholly inoperative? and if it would be in
that case, would not. such a command, when applied
to other State legislatures, if they refused to obey,
be inoperative? Certainly it would. And this
proves that the right to interpose a third power be-
tween Congress and the people of the States on this
subject does not exist under the constitution; that
Congress cannot rightfully pass any act which
might, upon the remotest contingency, fail to secure
representation from the States here; for such failure
would at once dissolve the Union: and Congress
cannot, therefore, pass any act which might, either
■ directly or indirectly, lead to such an event.
These views are presented to show that, even if
Congress has the right to take this power in hand
at any time, still, when it is taken in hand, it must
be so exercised as to act upon the people of the
States, and not upon the legislatures of the States.
If it undertakes to make new regulations entirely
for holding elections, they must be complete as to
time, manner, and place, so that the people can
go to the polls, elect, and return their members
liere. And if it undertakes to alter the time
only, it must fix another time; if place, it
must fix upon another place; if manner, i i
■toto it must provide a new manner; and if in part
only, a provision must be substituted m place of the
paj-t altered, which, when taken together, with that
part of the State laws left unaltered, will make a
complete system, under which the people can act,
vote, and return their members, without the interpo-
sition of the legislatures, which may, or may not,
act; and, accordingly, the people might, or might not,
be represented, as suited the notion of the legislatures.
And here let me remark, Mr. Speaker, that it is the
people of the States who are represented in this House,
and not the States in their sovereign capacity; they
are represented m that capacity in the Senate; and,
therefore, Congress cannot pass any act which
places the legislatures between that act and the peo-
ple, touching their representation in this House; and
every such act must bear directly upon the people;
or, otherwise, it is inoperative and void. This
brings me, secondly, to the latter branch of the prop-
osition above laid down, to which I will add and
consider under one head the first branch of the sec-
ond proposition—the latter branch of it having al-
ready been considered;—and they are, whether this
second section of the apportionment act, standing by
itself, unaided by State legislation, is not a nullity;
and whether Congress can command the State legis-
latures to aid in a matter over which it has complete
control and jurisdiction. It is contended m the mi-
nority report, and it is the main point upon which it
rests, that if the State legislatures were to pass such an
act, that it would be constitutional, valid, and binding;
that is, that the Stats Legislatures of the general-
ticket Stales could at any time (hey met, repeal their
ejection laws, and pass an act, that thereafter repre-
sentatives to Congress should he elected by districts,
and each district ■send one, and there stop, without
laying oft' their States into districts, and without pro-
viding the times, places, and manner of holding their
elections. And then it is contended upon these
premise.-*, that Congress has the same power to pass
rsuch nr> act, as the State legislatures have. Sir,
there is some ingenuity in this'point. In fact, the
whole report is based upon ingenious fallacies. But
I deny the correctness of the premises; and if I can
show that they are incorrect, and cannot stand the
test of examination, then the whole argument based
upon them falls to the ground. Then, sir, I deny
that the State legislatures can pass such an act—
that they can pass any act which would deprive the
people of their States" of representation here. Such
an act sir, would be revolutionary and not constitu-
tional. It would go to the destruction of the Union,
ani neither Congress nor any State legislature, can
(13)
do an act which tends to overthrow that very bond
of Union, which they are sworn to support, without
violating that oath. And such an act in either, is
expressly forbidden by the constitution; and if, there-
fore, done by either, is revolutionary. Let us test
this by the constitution itself. It says that "the
times, places, and manner of holding elections for
senators and representatives (meaning to Congress)
shall be prescribed m each State by the legislature
thereof." Not may be, but shall be; not times
alone, nor times and places alone, without manner;
nor manner alone, without times and places; but
times, places, and manner, all of holding elections,
&c., shall be prescribed in each by the legislature
thereof. Now, sir, here is an express command of
the constitution to the legislatures; they are sworn
to support it, and bound to obey it. It is supreme,
stands over and controls all the sovereignties in this
nation, wherever it commands or forbids; and a
mandamus contained in that instrument must be
obeyed, but not one contained in an act of Congress
not authorized by that instrument. Then, sir, how
does the matter stand? "Would the legislatures of
the States comply with this imperative command,
contained in the constitution, by passing, in the first
instance, an act precisely like this second section?
Suppose, sir, in order to see how it would have
worked, that the first legislatures of the thirteen
States, that sat after the ratification of the constitu-
tion, had each passed just such an act, just declaring
that their respective States should elect and return
their quota of members by districts, and that each
district should elect but one, and there stopped, with-
out fixing the time, places, and manner of holding
the elections: could there have been an election?
Certainly not. And the consequences that would have
followed are easy to be seen. There would have been
no House of Representatives. The machinery would
not have gone into operation; and consequently the
constitution, and the government created by it, would,
by this violation of that instrument, have been nul-
lified and destroyed. Nor would it have been dif-
ferent if the State legislatures had passed and con-
tinued in force down to the close of the twenty-sixth
Congress, the necessary laws to send representa-
tives here; and then all met—repealed all their elec-
tion laws; and passed in lieu of them this second
section, or an act precisely like it; for the twenty-
seventh Congress, in that event, never could have
got here to pass this second section, or any other
law, and the government would have been dissolved;
and if such an act by all the States would be in
violation of the constitution, certainly the same act
by one, or a half a dozen of them, would be, for
the principle is precisely the same. The effect upon
the Union only would be different; for if enotigh of
the States had continued their election laws, so as to
have sent up a quorum here, that quorum could, by
exercising this power in a proper manner, have
provided for the representation of the States
in default—being the very sort of case, to remedy
which, as before mentioned, the power was given.
I think, Mr. Speaker, I have shown satisfactorily
the fallacy of this argument in the minority report,
notwithstanding the gentlemen seemed to have
such confidence in it. And when reduced down
to one sentence, it is this: that the State legis-
latures, or Congress, can constitutionally do an act
that would destroy the constitution. And the an-
swer to this argument shows, too, to use the mild-
est term that I can towards this second section, that
it is at least nothing but a mere nullity. And this
may be further shown by the fact that it did not
affect the, district States; they went on under the
new apportionment without regard to this second
section, and districted their States as formerly, to
suit the new apportionment; except that one or two of
the States, that before had double districts, reduced
them to single ones, which they could have done
as well without this act as with it, and probably
would have done so without it. Then, sir, the re-
peal of this act w ould not in the least effect those
States. They would continue to furnish, under their
State laws, voluntarily, as a matter of choice, and
without regard to any command, their quota of rep-
resentatives here. And if the repeal of this act
would not effect these States as to their representa-
tion, then it is a nullity on the statute books. For
if the repeal of on act effects nothing, it cannot effect
anything by standing on the books unrepealed.
And further, if this act effects nothing, and is a nul-
lity as to the districts States, it is also a nullity as
to the general-ticket States; for a public act of Con-
gress, to be of force, must operate upon the whole
Union; it cannot operate upon a part of the States
and not upon the others. If it undertakes such a
thing, it is absolutely unconstitutional, null, and
void. That this second sebtion is st' nullity, may be-
further shown by the fact that it does not do
what the gentlemen say it .was intended it
should—it does not alter the manner of hold-
ing elections; even supposing this clause gives
the power to district, which I deny, however, and
only admit it at present for argument's sake, in or-
der to take them on their own ground." It "only or-
ders another power to do it. That other power fails
or refuses to make the alteration ordered. Then, as
a matter of course, no alteration is made, and the-or-
der falls to the ground as a nullity. Nor is, nor was
there any power in Cohgress, or elsewhere, to en-
force this order or command; and of course every &ct
is a nullity, where there is no power to enforpe it;
and no penalty can be attached for a disobedience of
it. It will not do to say, as the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Belser] has said, (who, by-the-by,
has, in latitudinarianism, gone at least as far, if not
farther, pn this subject, than any federal whig has
ever gone, although he professes to be a State-rights
democrat, and a strict constructionist,') that the pen-
alty shall be the disfranchisement of the people of
the four States. The constitution gives no power to
Congress to cut off or drive States from the Union.
Its commands are, that Congress shall do nothing'
that will destroy or impair the Union; and it will'not
do to seize on the very power that was jjiven to pre-
serve the Union, to destroy or impair it with; for,
as I have before shown, according to the cotempora-
neous construction of the constitution, the power
that Congress may make or alter the regulations as
to the times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions, was given, to be exercised only when any of
the States failed to pass the necessary laws to send
their representatives to Congress. But, Mr. Speak-
er, I have said that I deny that Congress has the
power, under this clause, or any part of the con-
stitution, to district the States. The gentlemen
say that if the legislatures of the States can
district, Congress can; that their powers are
the same over this subject. I say they are not.
Then let us test it. In the first place, then, accord-
ing to the first clause of the second section of the
first article of the constitution, the States alone have
the power to fix the franchise of the citizen—to say-
who, and how many, shall or shall not vote. 2<L
The people, of the States may, through their legisla-
tures, by their own consent and agreement, and for
their own convenience, limit their own franchise, by
cutting themseh es up into districts for the election .,
of representatives to Congress. And, 3dly, by the
the tenth article ofthe amendments to the constitution,,
all "the powers not delegated to the United States by
the constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the peo-
ple." Then the States, and the people of the States,
can do anything they are not prohibited from doing-
by the constitution; and Congress can do nothing,
unless it has an express grant of power to do it, or
unless it be necessary to carry into effect some pow-
er expressly granted. Therefore the States, not be-
ing- prohibited, can district; and Congress, having no
grant of power whatever to district the States, can-
not do it; for if Congress has no express power to
do an act, then there is no implied power given to
carry that act into effect. But it is contended that
Congress has the power to district, or to order it to
be done, under this fourth section; that is, that the .
power to alter the manner of holding elections gives
the power to district, or to order it to be done. TKis
is a wild and strange construction, and cannot be,
sustained, as I have before shown; and I shall
not §o into detail again upon it, except as
for a.*> bears upon the point under. consideration.
Then what is the meaning and fair construction of
the term "manner of holdh)^ elections." Recollect
that it is not manner of shcting"; for if so, then there
might be some ground upon which to contend .lhnt
it ga\e power over the franchise. Rut the terms
are, "manner ofholtlmg elections," under which this
power is claimed. Does this clause give power
over the franchise? to limit it? to say who shall,
and who shall not vote? I have before shown that
it doe," not—that the conttol of this great right has
never been placed in the hands of any power; it has
not been surrendered, but retained by the people of
the States in their own hands. Then what does it
mean? Why, it means nothing more nor less, than
that Congress may prescribe the mode or form by
which the votes of the people shall be taken or
polled; that is, that there shall be (say) two judges
of election, and two clerks at each place where rote%
