m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Woodbridge.
Senate.
are polled, and that the judges and clerks shall be
sworn; that the polls shall be opened at six o'clock
in the morning, and closed at six in the evening;
and shall be held open three days; that each vote
shall be given viva voce, instead of by ballot, &c.
This is all that it means, and it is so expressly lim-
ited by the word "holding." The next thing I will
notice is the jurisdiction of this subject. The gen-
tlemen on the other side say, that Congress and the
State legislatures have concurrent jurisdiction over
this subject. Thi3 I deny. But let us suppose for
a while they have; and what does it prove for the
gentlemen? "Why, it proves a great deal against
them, and nothing for them. Sir, if two powers
have concurrent jurisdiction over a subject,
then they are equal in dignity, so far as
that subject is concerned; one cannot first take
jurisdiction over it, and turn round and write
a mandamus to the other to take possession of
it, and carry it out in detail; nor can one power
do a part that is necessary to be done, and order the
other to do that which is left undone; but which-
ever power gets possession first, ousts the other of
its jurisdiction, and must so exercise its power as to
dispose of the subject fully and finally. If I am
correct in this, (and I presume no one will deny
that X am,) then the gentleman's argument would
prove that, as the States took possession of this
subject first, and so exercised this power as to pro-
vide fully for holding elections, for the purpose of
sending representatives here, Congress was ousted
of its jurisdiction, and could not act at all on the
subject.
But, sir, the constitution gives no concurrent
jurisdiction over this subject, nor does it give a joint
jurisdiction. What does it say? I will quote it
again:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives, shall be pre-
scribad in each State by the legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations."
Then, sir, it will be seen that the jurisdiction
given in this clause is separate and independent. If
it had intended to give concurrent jurisdiction, no
time would have been given for either to exercise it.
It would have been left to chance or circumstances,
and whichever took it first would have exercised it
fully; a d, to effect such an object, would have read
thus: "The times, places, and manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, shall
be prescribed by either the legislatures of the States,
or by Congress." And then which ever took juris-
diction first, would have kept it. But in this clause,
as it stands, it is imperative on the State legislatures
to take jurisdiction over the subject in the first in-
stance; and Congress is permitted to dq it after-
wards; and if Congress takes it in hand to act on it,
it is done' either rightfully or wrongfully; and if
rightfully, then it has complete jurisdiction over the
subject, and must, in superseding State regulations,
enact such laws as will secure representation from
the States in this House; and not repeal the State
laws on the subject, and then leave the people with-
out any law for the election of their representatives.
But the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Coi.lamer]
fe is cited three cases from the constitution which he
says are analogous to this, and on which, he says,
Congress and the State legislatures have acted con-
currently. They are, in relation to the militia,
weights and measures, and the election of electors
of President and Vice President. And several gen-
tlemen have, since he spoke, built their argument
upon his premises. Let us, then, examine them in
the order in which I have named them. And first
as to the militia. The following is the clause upon
which he built his argument on the point: "That
Congress shall have power to provide for organizing,
'arming, and disciplining the militia, and for governing
such part of them as may be employed in the service of
the United Steles, reserving to the States respectively
the anointment of the officers, and the authority
of training the militia according to the discipline pre-
scribed by Congress." And he says, that under
this clause, they have acted concurrently; each has
done a part—that is, tl t Congress has furnished
the arms and prescribed the discipline; and that the
legislatures have passed laws providing for the dis-
tribution of the arms, appointment of officers, and
(raining the militia. And this is precisely what the
constitution itself has commanded; and we all agree
that both Congress and the State legislatures are
bound to obey its commands. But are their pow-
fi  under thU concurrent Certainly not. For, as
I have before shown, a concurrent power is where
either could exercise it. And are not the powers
laid down in this clause seperate, distinct, and inde-
pendent' And the duties of each expressly assign-
ed? And can either encroach upon or exercise the
powers granted to, or required of the other? Can
the legislatures prescribe the discipline, and will
they furnish the arms? And can Congress appoint
the officers and train the militia within the States?
Certainly not. Then the case is not analogous to
the question before us. But grant it all for a mo-
ment: and what is gained by the argument. Sup-
pose that Congress should pass an act providing for
the distribution of arms and books of discipline
among all the Sates—they were sent accordingly;
and the State legislatures refused to act—refused
to provide for appointing the officers, distribu-
ting the arms among the militia, and training them.
What would become of the act? It would fall to
the ground as a nullity. Second. "Congress shall
fix the standard of weights and measures." I did not
understand the point the gentleman made under this
head. He certainly made none that bore upon the
question before us. Nor can any be made. For
here Congress is commanded to prescribe a rule—a
rule which requires no detail; and when prescribed,
there is an end of it—no further legislation necessa-
ry either by Congress or the State legislatures; and
all obey it, and fix their weights and measures ac-
cordingly—unless, indeed, it was in relation to the
penalty for the violation of the rule, the gentleman
drew his argument. If so, then suppose Congress
was to fail to do it—leave it to the State legislatures,
and they were to fail: like the other, so far as that
is concerned, it would be a nullity.
And thirdly. "The Congress may determine th
time of choosing the electors, and the day on which
they shall give their votes; which day shall be the
same throughout the United States."
The gentleman from Vermont says, that under
this clause of the constitution Congress has only
fixed the days between which votes shall be cast for
electors; that is, within thirty-four days of the first
Monday of the December next after the election.
And the particular day within that time was left to
be fixed by the State legislatures of the several
States; and they have all passed laws accord-
ingly, flaring a day for voting for electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President. This is all no doubt true.
But would that act of Congress have been operative
without the aid of the State legislatures' Could
an election have been held under it at all for Presi-
dent and Vice President'—there being no time fixed
by it for holding elections. Certainly not. Were
the State legislatures bound to obey it' No one
will contend that they were. Then, if they had failed
to fix the time, what would have been the effect?
Why, there would have been no election for Presi-
dent and Vice President. And the act of Congress
would have stood upon the statute-book as a mere
nullity; and to bring up such a case, is to beg the
question. For the question is not whether the
States might not act and give vitality to a thing in
itself dead, and of no force; but whether, if they
fail to act and give it life, it does not stand as a dead
etter and a nullity?
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBRIDGE,
OF MICHIGAN.
In Senate, February 14, 1844.—On the bill to re-
fund General Jackson's fine.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE rose and addressed the
Senate as follows:
Mr. President: It has not been my intention to
lay before you an elaborated exposition of the views
I entertain on the subject of the bill before the Sen-
ate; it has been too much and too generally dis-
cussed to render such an exposition appropriate.
But I find myself placed, as other senators have
been placed, in circumstances which seem to make
it proper for me to express some opinion on an im-
portant topic which has incidentally arisen. That
opinion I have no desire to suppress, nor would it
be proper for me to withhold it. My name will be
found on the list of those who, on a former occa-
sion, voted in favor of a remission of the fine whifh
has been so much the subject of remark; but I gave
that vote rather in deference to the wishes of others
than from any feelings or well-reasoned opinions of
my own. I had some misgivings then, and have
since had, as to whether that vote were sanctioned
by duty. I remembered the trite remark (too little
considered, perhaps, because it is trite) that the ju-
diciary is by far the weakest of those three great de-
partments into which all the power,s of the govern-
ment were distributed. It is a department which
can stimulate the ardor of its advocates by no pecu-
niary largesses; it can increase the number of its
supporters by no distribution of money; it has
nothing to do with the public revenue; it can sus-
tain itself and enforce its decrees by no physical
force; for to the army it is a stranger, and over the
militia it has no control. We have sometimes heard,
indeed, about "the sword of justice." But here,
where the judicial constitutes no part of the execu-
tive power, the expression can only be applied in
the boldness of metaphor; for the judiciary wields
no public sword. Nor can that judiciary smooth
its onward march by any of the allurements of of-
fice, by any of the seducements of patronage. It
bestows no office, and of patronage it has none. And
yet that is the department through which your laws
are sought to be enforced, which carries down equi-
ty and justice to the cottage as well as the palace,
which furnishes to the weak its only barrier against
oppression, and to which all of us must look for
protection in the great rights of personal security,
personal liberty, and of private property. The only
guaranty of its usefulness, of its continued exist-
ence even, is to be found alone in the esteem and
respect in which it may be held by a free and a gene-
rous people; and a people which, hitherto, has most
highly appreciated its value. And when I consid-
er how powerful that influence is which this body,
unconsciously perhaps, exerts upon public opinion
in all matters connected with the administration of
government, I am constrained to look with fearful-
ness at any action of yours that might in any wise
weaken the hold which the judiciary may have upon
the public confidence, which might seem even to
bring its high standing into doubt, or which, by
any ambiguity, could be tortured into an imputation
of wrong. But the bill for which I voted, after the
modifications it had received in the Senate, no longer
cast reproach upon the distinguished jurist whose
decision has been so much canvassed; and, if it left
in conjecture the motive of passing it at all, it at
least did not purport to cast a shade of disgrace upon
the memory of him who has long since passed to
the grave. Prima facie, that bill in no wise pur-
ported to review judicially the decision of a court,
nor to reverse on error its sentence. It appeared (at
least, I was desirous so to consider it) to be a mere
matter of dollars and cents—an appropriation pro
tanto of the public money. It was an appropriation
called for by great numbers of that public whose
money it was. Individuals expressed to you their
wishes in this regard, and public bodies. The con-
stituted authorities of the State from which I come,
and many other legislative bodies also, on this mat-
ter, expressed their wishes. And it is because of
this fact, because of the form in which those wishes
are "expressed, and becauseof the deference shown
here for such legislative resolutions, that I have
asked the indulgence of the Senate, while I endeavor
briefly to explain to you the views which, on the
grave and important question to which those resolu-
tions give rise, I entertain.
But I desire first to premise, (and on that point I
wish to be distinctly understood,) that there is no
desire nearer my heart than that I may be permitted,
consistently with the general good, to advance the
prosperity and the true and best interests of the
community within which I dwell, nor can I con-
ceive of any earthly satisfaction more pure or more
elevated than that which a consciousness of having
promoted those interests would induce. That I may
the better comprehend them, it will continue to be
matter of much gratification to me that the con-
stituted authorities of the beautiful State in which I
live should be pleased to communicate their wishes to
me, and it shall be my pride and my pleasure to strive
to give effect to them, so far as I can, consistently
with those duties of higher obligation which I owe
to that constitution which I have solemnly sworn
to support. Beyond that point I cannot go. I
cannot seek to giVe effect to wishes that may seem
to conflict with the fundamental law of the land, nor
at the sacrifice of any of those great principles of
civil and political freedom upon which the constitu-
tion itself is founded, and which are below it, all
about it, and intertwined with it. So much being
premised, sir, I proceed to say, that in that which 5
believe is called "the doctrine of instruction," I do
not affect to be learned. I have great respect for
those experienced and eminent statesment whose
opinions <u , in this particular, unlike my own; and,
