Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Woodbridge.
Senate.
least of all, am I disposed to condemn, with arro-
gant positiveness, any opinions such gentlemen may
have announced. But, in the performance of my
public duties here, I must take as my guide my
own convictions of right and truth, my own indi-
vidual opinions, and not those of others. And now,
sir, as to this right assumed by the constituted au-
thorities of a State to "instruct," to eommandpny
of the constituted authorities of this general gov-
ernment, in a matter of duty here, I can perceive no
ground upon which it can rest.
1 am not altogether a stranger to public life. I
have at different times been a member of various le-
gislative and other deliberative bodies; and, although
it is true that I have never been placed in circum-
stances in which it became my duty to form an
opinion on this particular point until since 1 had the
honor of a seat here, yet, from the time I first felt
myself competent to form any opinion upon any po-
litical subject, the leaning of my mind has always
been against the right assumed. And I have in-
dulged in the belief,'sir, that a brief consideration of
the origin and the features, in this respect, of our
complicated forms of government, will at once show
the heretical character and tendency of the asserted
claim. No American statesman will assert that,
like the hereditary nobility of Europe, men are here
born legislators—that any here are "rocked and dan-
dled from their cradles into power!" All political
power, with us, is derivative. Nor can it be justly
claimed that any aggregate political body within the
limits of the Union ? possesses any political right
whatever, unless by grant from the body of the peo-
ple, in their own fundamental law, the. constitution;
for with the body of the people all political power
ultimately rests. The people, then, of all the States,
in the exercise of their unquestioned right, were
pleased to prescribe for themselves and for us two
distinct co-existing systems of government, each act-
ing within its proper sphere, each independent of
the other, and each sovereign and exclusive of the
other, while thus moving within its prescribed orbit.
In adopting such a plan, all former analogies were
manifestly disregarded. The Amphyctionic, the
Achai^n, the Hanseatic league, furnish no prece-
dents; neither did the association of the cantons of
Switzerland, nor the Germanic Confederacy. In
those more ancient establishments the aggregate
power acted only upon States, upon sovereignties,
as independent political bodies. That was the de-
fect of the old Confederation, and it proved a fatal
one. But, under existing systems, the aggregate
Eower of the whole acts directly, not upon the States,
ut upon the people, upon natural persons, and up-
on individual property; and those natural persons
react directly upon their own governments, whether
State or national. Our plan of government was then
a novelty—an anomaly; and, violating the maxims of
the jurists, it created imperium in imperio; and each
government is sovereign within its proper sphere.
Your act, sir, is sovereign and paramount, and
will be enforced while Congress shall continue with-
in the limits assigned for it. But if you transcend
those limits, your act is, so far forth as you exceed
your authority, void, and the proper judicial tribunal
will so pronounce. In like manner, if the consti-
tuted authorities of the States move out of the or-
bits assigned by the people for them, either in their
State or United States constitution, their act,
founded in such excess of power, is likewise
void. Now, sir, I have been "instructed" on va-
rious topics. I have been "instructed" to strive to
defeat and vote against a specified article in an
Indian treaty. But a State legislature is not com-
petent to net on such a subject. The people of the
State, whose agents they are, have not vested in
them that power. Jurisdiction of that matter is
placed by the people of all the States elsewhere. It
cannot be assumed by the constituted authorities of
any of the. States; and how can they act undcr-
standingly in such a matter not committed to them?
You know, sir, that, according to those rules sanc-
tioned by the constitution, and by which this Senate
has always been guided, the State authorities can-
not, without a breach of faith and a violation of
honor somewhere, obtain the knowledge requisite
to enable them to act in such a matter safely, for
that knowledge is in a sealed book, never opened
until the Senate shall have passed upon it. As was
fairly to be presumed, so the fact was, the action of
the legislature was founded upon an entire miscon-
ception. There was no such article, being of the
tenor and having the effect they supposed. The
same State authorities also instructed two of the
constituent members of this body to us? every ef-
fort to obtain, and to vote for, such amendatory act
of that law (which once graced your statute book,
and which, unhappily, was stricken from it) estab-
lishing a "uniform system of bankruptcy," as to
comprehend within the coercive provisions of that
act all banking and other corporations. Now, sir,
I could advocate no such measure; for, however de-
sirable in its practical operation it might seem to be,
yet it appeared to me that it was not within your
competency to pass such an act. A corporation is
the product of an ordinary exercise of legislative
power. If the legislature have jurisdiction of the
subject-matter, and if they should think that the
end had in view (whether it relate to the con-
struction of roads and canals, the establishment of
manufactures, or any other thing regarding' the in-
ternal police of the State) could be better accom-
plished in that mode, they may well, for such
purpose, create a corporation, and impart to it such
faculties and impose upon it such conditions as
to that legislature it may seem meet. But if you,
by your bankrupt or any other legislative enact-
ments, may impart to them other faculties, impose
upon them new and other conditions, you vary the
terms and the tenure of their existence; you make
them subject to a new master; and thus, by extend-
ing your own strong arm, you will bring every cor-
porate authority within the Union, for whatever
purpose created, to tl\e footstool of federal power
here, and make them subservient to your purposes!
Is this within your constitutional competency? Can
you thus enter the halls of legislation of every
State of the Union, and sweep from before its
own legislative creator the creature of its own
power?
But, however that may be, it is very clear that no
power was ever vested m the constituted authorities
of a State to pass a "uniform system of bankrupt-
cy." That does not come within the assigned scope
of their action. The people have not vested in the
authorities of the States the power to act on that sub-
ject. Any act of theirs, therefore, on that subject, is
an excess of authority; it has no sanction: it is co-
ram nonjudice, and cannot be enforced! How, then,
can the State authorities assume to dictate to this
body, or any of its members, what course in this
regard it shall pursue? So of the disposition of the
national revenue. What power of control has been
given to the State legislatures, in either the State or
United States constitution, over that subject? None,
surely. And if the bill before you is to be deemed
a judgment of censure upon Judge Hall, or a rever-
sal of the judgment of an United States court, that
defect of power is still more manifestly evident.
Their opinions, as individuals, I shall seek for with
earnestness and listen to with deference, but their
power as a legislative body to command in matters
of which jurisdiction was not conferred upon them,
I cannot recognise.
But these "instruetions are void, and this inter-
vention inoperative, not merely from an inherent
defect of power on the, part of the State authorities,
but it is void also because it is a positive invasion
of the rights and duties of this body. Suppose your
army should send its mandate here—as in the times
of Cromwell, and of Bonaparte, and of the, Ca;sars be-
fore them, armies were wont to do: would you
listen to it' Surely not. And why? Because it
would be an invasion of your privileges. It would
be the interposition of a power not known to, nor
sanctioned by, the constitution. Then you will
listen to no mandate purporting to direct either the
body, or any of its members, as to what you or they
shall do, or shall not do, m a matter of which you
legitimately have cognizance, if it emanate from a
power not authorized by the constitution so to inter-
pose. It is the right of this body, and of the whole
country, that, upon a subject "clearly within your
legitimate jurisdiction, each of its members should
come to the decision untrammelled, with no guide
but his oath, no light but the constitution, and the
best faculties of his own mmd. These subject?—of
treaties, of a uniform system of bankruptcy, of the
disposition of the national revenue—are matters
within the undoubted and exclusive jurisdiction of
the national government. Shall other authorities
come in and control your action, or wrest the sub-
ject from you? Sir, free governments, in this world,
have been far more frequently overturned by slow,
cautious, and silent innovation, than by direct and
open assault. And the interposition here of a prin-
ciple of influence and of power unknown to the con-
stitution, and not found among its defined organic
powers, in reference to such an exercise of it, seems
to me of the most dangerous tendency.
All avenues of information should most certainly
be open to us. We should be kept well advised of
the public sentiment. Ours, more than any other,
is a government of opinion, of public opinion, not of
physical force. But the dictation, the command of
public bodies, of the constituted authorities of other
governments, quo ad hoc foreign from this, to whom
power to that end is not delegated, is an invasion of
the privileges of this body, which, if pprsevered in,
and submitted to, is ominous of a fearful and fatal
change in the essential principles of the constitution
itself.
The doctrine assumed is not only obnoxious to
the objections I have stated, but it conflicts with our
whole plan of government, harmonizing with no part
of its machinery. It is deemed necessary, for ex-
ample, that freedom of debate should be guarantied
to you here; but of what use is freedom of debate, if
the final result to which you must come is already
settled by a power foreign and extrinsic from this
body? It is expected that you should discuss, de-
liberate, and finally decide as wisdom and prudent e
may dictate. But cui bono, if the measure in con-
sideration be already predetermined? Sir, from early
youth, you and I have been taught to look to the
American Senate not only for whatever was eleva-
ted in patriotism, but powerful in intellect, and wise
in counsel; and it is because in times gone by, (it
may not be proper to refer to the, present time,) it is
because in times gone by such qualities were pre-
eminently conspicuous here, that the American Sen-
ate acquired the name it did—a name, that enlarged
its capacity to do good almost inimitably—a name
that gave to its naked opinions a power greater than
that of an "army with banners!" Sir, it was em-
phatically asked by a distinguished senator at your
last session—and the, same appropriate figure was
again most happily alluded to by another senator
during your present session—was this proud name
acquired by automata? Are we all mere machines
here? Is there no deliberation? no intellect? no wis-
dom in counsel? no concession? no moulding of
opinions here? Are we sent here as puppets, to be
moved as the wires are pulled by those behind us?
No, sir, no! And such a doctrine is as inconsistent
with the spirit of the constitution, and with that dig-
nity of character upon which the capacity for use-
fulness of this body depends, as its assertion is un-
sanctioned by any grant of power by the people to
the constituted authorities of the State governments.
Sir, it has been surmised by some that as the
members of this body are appointed by the legisla-
tive authorities of the States, therefore a right to
control the action here of those members remains
with the appointing power. With all proper re-
spect, sir, I must say that such conclusion to me ap-
pears a most positive mom seqxdtur. Apply the prop-
osition to other cases. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is appointed by the President; therefore, the.
will of the President constitutes his supreme law.
What, then, becomes of your public treasure? The
judges owe their appointments to the same author-
ity; are they also subject to the "doctrine of instruc-
tion?" Ana what would the President himself say
if the doctrine were sought to be applied to him'
We have had one President who was appointed by
the House of Representatives; was that House,
therefore, to "instruct" him what nominations for
office he should send to this body? Was he, in all
things concerning the administration of the high ex-
ecutive powers of this nation, a passive tool there-
fore in their hands to work with? Others have been
appointed by the college of electors. Such is the
one who now presides over the destinies of this uf-
tion. Those who appointed him are still alive; ai d
what would Mr. Tylrr fay to such formal body of
"instructions" as they might be pleased to send t,>
him? How would he measure the extent of the ob-
ligation which rested upon him to obey those "in-
structions?" I would not speak lightly, sir, on so
grave a matter; but I much incline to think that 1 e
would adopt the Hudibrastie rule, and leave such it -
structions to bind those who made them.*
It may not be proper, Mr. President, that I should
dwell longer on this point. I ha\e already delayed
you long enough. Eut I must take leave to say,
that, if it had ever entered into the intentions of the
framers of this constitution of ours to plant in the
system they gave us this "doctrine of instruction"
—this great motive power—they could hardly have
failed to have given it conspicuous place among the
organic and elemental principles; they would have
"An oath, "tii clear, hinds him who makes it,
And not th  cue wlio for conver.ier.ee tskes it,'1
