CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 24,1844.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial from
seventy-three citizens of Hartford, Connecticut,
praying for a reduction of the rates of postage, and
the abolition of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT said a memorial from the mana-
gers of the New York institution for the instruction
of the blind had been placed in his hands, with a
request that he would present it to the Senate. It
was signed by the committee of managers of that
institution. The sole object was to invite the Sen-
ate to an exhibition by the pupils from this institu-
tion, which would taie place in the hall of the
House of Representatives this evening. The paper
was then read to the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from Da-
vid Myerle, praying indemnity for losses sustained
under a contract to supply water-rotted hemp for
the navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the petition of
Francis Cooper, praying indemnity for losses of
property during the war, was ordered to be taken
from the files and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
the Common Council of the city of Monroe, Michi-
gan, asking for a further appropriation from the
government to prosecute the works commenced in
the harbor at that place: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition of the heirs
of Gustavus B. Horner, praying for commutation
Pay-
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of western Pennsylvania, asking
for a further appropriation towards the completion
of the works in the harbor of Erie: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from Joseph
H. Caldwell and others, praying to be released from
liability as sureties on the bonds given by the New
Orleans and Nashville Railroad Company, to secure
the payment of the duties on certain railroad iron:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, leave was grant-
ed to withdraw from the files of the Senate, for the
purpose of delivering into the hands of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the House of
Representatives, the report made by the Secretary
of War, in response to a resolution of the Senate of
the present session, concerning the awards made by
the board established under the Cherokee treaty.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, the President
pro tern, was empowered to fill the vacancies in the
several standing committees caused by the resigna-
tion of the Hon. Mr. Sprague, of Rhode Island.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the adverse re-
port of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, on the claims of E. & S. "Ward, was taken
up, and concurred in by the Senate.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the adverse re-
ports of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
in the cases of the heirs of Daniel Trueheart and
Elizabeth Lomax, were taken up for consideration;
but, on the suggestion of Mr. ARCHER, they
were ordered to lie on the table till to-morrow.
CONSULAR ESTABLISHMENTS.
On motion by Mr. SEMPLE, the Senate took up
for consideration the resolution introduced by him,
calling upon the departments for information con-
cerning the operations of the consuls and commer-
cial agents abroad.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he did .not rise to
make any objection to the resolution, but he rather
thought that a part of the information called for
was already communicated. He could not distin-
guish, by the reading of the resolution at his seat,
whether it embraced a simple inquiry, (which, if it
did not, he desired it should embrace,) for informa-
tion in relation to the sum received by consuls and
consular agents, under the provisions of law, to re-
lieve. seamen discharged m foreign ports. He wished
to know whether the resolution was broad enough
to embrace that inquiry.
Mr. SEMPLE said he did not presume it embraced
that. It was intended to embrace only the number
of seamen which have been provided for by the
consuls and sent home under the provisions of law
for that purpose, But the amount the government
paid for that purpose would be an extensive xn-
quiry, and would probably make a large volume,
embracing the accounts of the different consuls.
He thought that when the number* was shown in
the statement, the amount of the expense could be
easily got at.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he did not mean to
extend the inquiry to call for the accounts. His
object was, only to see the amount, to know wheth-
er any legislation was necessary to render more cer-
tain returns from consuls of the amounts disbursed
for that purpose. He suggested the propriety of
letting the resolution lie on the table, to enable him
to prepare an amendment to embrace the inquiry,
he hinted at.
Mr. SEMPLE said he had no objection. His
object was to get all the information which was
necessary to enable him to frame a bill remodel-
ling the consular establishment.
The resolution was accordingly again laid on the
table.
RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
The CHAIR announced the general orders;
the first bill on which, was that to grant a quantity
of land to aid in the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, and to connect rthe same by a
canal in ihe territory of Wisconsin.
The question pending being on concurring in
the amendments (heretofore published) made in
committee of the whole, the question was put,
and they were concurred in.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to amend the bill by stri-
king from the 3d section so much as says that "the
said lands shall be subject to the disposal of the
President and Congress for the purpose aforesaid,
and no other."
He moved also to strike from the -bill (including
the amendments heretofore made on the suggestion
of Mr. Walker, providing that the improvements
shall be kept in repair by Wisconsin when it be-
comes a State, which shall impose no greater toll
than is necessary to keep the same in repair) the
following:
"The said rivers, when improved, and the said
canal, when completed, shall be and forever remain
a public highway for the use of the Government of
the United States, free from any toll or other charge
whatever, for any property of the United States, or
persons in their service, passing upon the same.
"Sec. 2. jlndltc it further enacted, That, after the lands
hereby granted shall have been selected as aforesaid,
they shall be offered for sale, in the same manner as
other public lands, at the land office of the district in
which they are situated—the first tier of sections on the
banks of said rivers, lakes, and canals, at two dollars
and fifty cents the acre, and the second tier of sec-
tions at government price; and a separate accca t of
all lands so sold shall be kept by the register ot the
said office. And the said alternate sections reserved
to the United States shall not be sold at a rate less
than two dollars and fifty cents the acre.
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the topo-
graphical engineers, under the control and direction
of the Secretary of War, shall cause the said im-
provement and canal to be constructed in such man-
ner, and upon such plans, and estimates, as shall have
been previously prepared and submitted to the said
Secretary, and approved by him: Provided, The en-
tire cost to the United States of the said work shall
not exceed the value of said lands hereby granted."
Mr. TAPPAN said, that as he had expressed
his views on the subject a few days ago, when the
bill was before the Senate, he would not now say
more than that it must be obvious to every Senator,
that the mode of constructing this canal by the
general government, as proposed by the bill, was
the most wasteful which could be invented. The
work proposed is one of great importance, and,
when well done, will be of very great utility. It
was with a view that it may be so done, that he
proposed to amend the bill. Reserve the lands from
sale, and devote them to the construction of this
canal; but leave the making of the canal, the sale of
the lands, and the expenditure of the money arising
from such sale, to Wisconsin, when she shall be-
come a State. Such was his proposition, and he
hoped it would commend itself to the approbation of
the whole Senate.
Mr. BAGBY was understood to make the - in-
quiry, whether some 400,000 or 500,000 acres of land
were not reserved, under the distribution act, to the
Territories, to be applied to objects of the kind pro-
• posed by the bill.
•jy the distribution act of the k|ifiL ' j  " - . .«
• Mr. TALLMADGE remarked, that thatiscis pro-
vides, when theTerritoriesshall become Sfates,.th£y
will be entitled to the same number of . Meres
the other States, received; that is, they wpuld. be
placed upon, an equality with the new States. * ■ f ;'.
Mr. BAGBY remarked that the improvement ^Vas
to he done in one of two ways' only—either
by the federal government, oriy. the Territory when
she became a State. The hill as it then.stood, pro-
vided that the government of the ^ United States
should acoomplish it 0ut of;ttafublie domain.® 'He
was understood to coincide with the views of tbe
senator from Ohio, as to the propriety of reserving
the land; that it was time enough to rnate.dispq-
sition of the amount of land in question;, alter this
Territory, or either of them, set up for themselves a 
States. '
Mr. TALLMADGE said that, in regard to thtf
act of 1841—the distribution bill—senators would
find that the 500,000 acres of land reserved for .the
Territories are to be selected when they come, into
the Union as States, so as to put them on an equal-
ity with othernew States, with the exception of those
grants which had been made for purposes of internal
improvement. He then cited numerous grants which
had been made for the purpose of constructing ca-
nals, improving the navigation of rivers; and ma-
king roads—particularly to the States of Ohio and
Illinois, having no connexion with the grants under
the distribution bill. The particular object of the
bill was to have this improvement made, while it
was in the power of the Government to do RO, be-
fore any of these lands were entered. The im-
provement could be made with little expense, com-
pared with otheirs. There was no improvement
made in the Union at so small an expense as this
could be made. It was a national work, and pne
particularly of great interest to the section in which
it was to be oonstructed. By granting these alter-
nate sections for the purpose, the canal can be made
without costing the government a single dollar; for
the alternate sections to be retained by the govern-
ment, as has been the practice in other cases, when
sold at the advanced price, will reimburse her for the
sections granted to make the work. Thus can a
most important national work be completed without
any cost to the treasury. The proposition, of the
senator from Ohio was to reserve, these lands for the
purpose, until that Territory shall become &■ State.
If the bill should pass in its present form, and it was
found desirable hereafter, when that Territory shall
be admitted as a State into the Union, to give her
the power to manage the construction of the work,
if, indeed, it is not completed before that tame, Con-
gress can pass an act conferring that power. Mr.
T. spoke at some length in favor of the bill as it
stood.
Mr. KING said he had already given evidence to
the Senate that he was in favor of ceding part of this
land on these rivers, for the purpose of improving
their navigation; and he considered the section
of the bill which related to this subject one
of great importance. He feared that his friend
from Ohio [Mr. Tapfan] would not obtain, his ob-
ject by the amendment proposed.
The senator would have to change his phraseolo-
gy to obtain his object; and, with a view, to allow
him time to look into the matter more fully, He pro-
posed that the bill should lie- over till to-morrow.
He was convinced that propositions made to the
government for works of internal improvement al-
ways cost nearly double what they would if executed
by States or companies whose interest it was to use
economy in their construction. If the land, there-
fore, was ceded for this specific object, and no ex-
penditures made upon it until a seat of government
should be formed in that Territory, the people would
have a direct interest in the proper expenditure of
the funds appropriated for the construction of the
works.. He was not disposed to throw any ob-
stacles in the way of improvements of this descrip-
tion; but he well knew that most of the expendi-
tures by the Government for similar purposes
had been extravagant beyond computation, and
had cost more than would, if properly managed,
have done twice the work. He referred the senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Barrow] to the appropria-
tions for improvements at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river. How many thousands of dollars had
been expended'there, and where was thereanything
to show? Had the obstructions been removed, or had
the mud-hanks been in any way improved? " The
money was gone, and there was nothing to sli<*Y
