196
appendix to the congressional globe.
Eeb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stephens.
H. of Reps.-
sought to make it harmonize with the rest of their
p]ftn; they Would have imbedded with the principle
itself its own proper sanctions, and have pointed
out with clearness in what way, and through what
means, effect should be given to so cardinal a prin-
ciple. These things they have not done. But they
have placed midway between the dangers of popular
effervescence, on the one side, and executive en-
croachment, on the other, this Senate; and they have
placed it there that the)? might impart moderation
and firmness to the national policy, and stability
and perpetuity to our free institutions. They were
eminently good, far-seeing, and sagacious men: their
spirit pervades all parts of their system. But press
into that system this new doctrine—infuse it into
the constitution of the Senate, and let it there exert
its appropriate influence,—and you defeat their great
purposes, and you destroy the" most perfect of all
human works.
And now, sir, a few words on the subject of the
bill before you, and I have done.
The honorable the legislature of Michigan (to
whom I owe all respect and honor) have passed, at
different times, three several sets of resolutions rela-
tive to the fine imposed upon General Jackson in
1815. Two of these sets of resolutions are, I believe,
in the customary form, and resemble that stereotype
edition of which we have seen so many here. The
other, the sccond of the series, contains a clause de-
nouncing the judgment of the court, in very unmeas-
ured terms, as an unjust sentence, and in another
clause that honorable body affirms "That any at-
tempt to insert in such law (as they desire to Jiave
passed) any provisions calculated or intended to im-
pugn the conduct or motives of General Jackson, on
the occasion alluded to, or to approve of the course
pursued by Judge Hall, would be an insult to jus-
tice, and a gross misrepresentation." &c. To the
first of these sets of resolutions I endeavored, in def-
erence to the wishes of those honorable men who
passed them, to give effect, and in the manner I
have already detailed; though it was not, as I have
said, without some misgivings on the point of duty.
The amendment reported and recommended by
your Committtee on the Judiciary, and which I
much regret that you have now rejected, contained
no imputation upon the character of motives of Gen.
Jackson; but it disavowed all intention to condemn
or pass upon the conduct or motives of Judge Hall.
It was, in short, what the lawyers call a "protes-
tando"—an exclusion of all conclusions (resulting
from the terms of the bill, or the fact of passing it)
against the character, conduct, or judgment of the
eminent jurist, and the eminently firm and upright
judge who pronounced it. Now, sir, that amend-
ment being rejected, I shall feel myself constrained,
as at present advised, to vote against this bill. And
allow me to ask, on what ground do you place your
right to pass it'
Is it in the nature of a pension, granted for distin-
guished services rendered to the country? Adopt
that principle, sir, and apply it to others, and I will
vote for it. I will not be among the last of those
who may seek to prove that republics are not always
ungrateful. But gentlemen have refused to suffer it
to rest on that principle. Is it, then, a pardon, a
sort of legislative pardon, for an offsnce committed
against your laws? Sir, the Parliament of Great
Britain, in the omnipotency of its power; may grant
a pardon, but can you? I thought the people, sir,
had placed that power, among us, in another depart-
ment. But none need seek to place it there; the
friends par excellence of the general would spurn
your bill if placed upon such a ground. But is it a
sentence of condemnation passed by you on the con-
duct of a judge, by reason of transactions that oc-
curred some thirty years ago? against a high judicial
officer, who has never been heard here in his de-
fence, but who long since has been "gathered to his
fathers?" Sir, the Congress of the United States can
take cognizance of no such case. Where, then, do
you find your authority to pass such a law? Under
what head of your enumerated powers do you class
it?. ^nd, after all, sir, is it not essentially and in fact
a judicial review—a reversal Upon error of the judg-
ment of a court of the United States? What one of
all your citizens will look at this law in your statute
book and come to any other conclusion? Were not
all the same circumstances, which form the basis of
your opinion, likewise before the judge, and did they
not constitute the. elements of his? I am not, sir
disposed to be hypercritical in matters of strict con-
atrucuon, but I think I may ask where, in all the pi;o-
yjaons of your constitution, there to be found
vested in the Congress of the United States, acting
in its legislative capacity, any such "judicial power?"
There remains, sir, one other consideration, which
I ask leave to present. The framers of this consti-
tution of ours manifestly intended to lay down in
their work, to establish there, great and leading
principles only, that they might serve as guides and
landmarks for future legislation, leaving all matters
of detail to the discretion of that legislative power
which they created. But there is one marked ex-
ception to that general purpose. There is one mat-
ter of detail which they thought of importance
enough to justify and to require more precise and
detailed provisions, and the imbedding of those de-
tails in the very structure of the constitution. They
knew the importance, they fully appreciated the
value of the right of personal liberty and personal
security. They knew to what perils—especially in
times of war, or of great public commotions—that
right was exposed. They also knew that, of all
the contrivances ever invented by the wit of man
for the protection of that great right, there had never
been found any so efficacious, connected with the
right of trial by jury, as the writ of habeas corpus
—a writ which openad the door of every prison,
and whose talismanic influence no towe*, nor dun-
geon, nor bastile could successfully resist. They
therefore guarantied to every citizen (and placed that
guaranty prominently in their organic law) the in-
estimable right to avail himself of that high prerog-
ative and constitutional writ: nor is it permitted even
to this, the highest of all the great departments of
government, to suspend for a moment the benefit of
that great writ, except in the cases and under the
restrictions particularly set forth in the constitution.
Following out this noble conception, at avery early
period in our history the Congress of the United
States, by express legislative provision, made it the
imperative duty of every United States judge, upon
proper requisition, always to issue that writ—never
to deny it. This duty was then enforced by a
heavy pecuniary penalty, by his oath of office, and
by the constitution itself. In like manner the peo-
ple of every State, I believe, have embodied in their
respective State constitutions similar provisions.
Look then, sir, for a moment, at the condition of
things as they existed when this decision, so much
animadverted upon, was rendered. The Congress
of the United States had refused to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus; the legislature of the sovereign
State of Louisiana had refused to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus; a city, in a paroxism of joy and
gratitude at its tecent and signal deliverance; an
army, full of exultation and pride, and of confidence
in its conquering chief; and that chief, poising him-
self in triumph upon the new and adulatory honors
that were thickening and heaping all around him, is
seduced, in the intoxication of the moment, to for-
get that he was not a Roman dictator. He throws
into fetters a free citizen of the State and of the
United States, an honored member of the legislature
of that sovereyjn State. A sworn and an honored
judge of an United States court is then called upon,
in the name of the United States, to issue that writ.
As he respects the law, as he values his oath, as he
would obey the constitution of his country, he must
issue it—he did issue it. That high emblem of
constitutional power is trampled under foot by your
impassioned general; and that judge who has dared
to do his duty, and to jssue it, is himself sent igno-
miniously and in chains into exile. And now you
are required to blot out this whole page from your
country's history. No, sir, it is worse than that.
What, what is the lesson such an act will teach?
SPEECH OF MR. STEPHENS,
OF GEORGIA.
In the Home of Representatives, February 9, 1844 
On the report of the majority of the Committee of
Elections, which concluded with the following
resolution.1? for the adoption of the House:
"Resolved, That the second section of an act for the
apportionment of representatives among the several
States, according to the sixth census, approved June
25th, 1842, is not a law made in pursuance of the
constitution of the United States, and valid, opera-
tive, and binding upon the States.
"Resolved, That all the members of this House
(excepting the contested cases from "Virginia, upon
which no opinion is hereby expressed) have been
duly elected in conformity with the constitution and
law's, and ase entitled to their seats in this House."
Mr, STEPHENS (succeeding Mr. Thompson, of
Mississippi, jn the debate) said:
Mr. Speaker: The gentleman from Mississippi
who has just taken his sea:, in order to sustain the
position assumed in the first resolution upoh your
table, and which is now under consideration, (to
wit: that the second section of the last apportion-
ment act is "not a law made in pursuance of the
constitution of the United States,") insists that the
"power of districting" was never intended to be con-
ferred by the 4th section of the 1st article of the con-
stitution, either upon the general government or the
State governments; or, in other words, that the power
or right of providing for the election of members to
this House, by districts was not, at the time of the
formation of the constitution, intended or understood
to be embraced in the terms "times, places, and
manner of holding elections."
In this, sir, I wholly disagree with him; and, as
the same view has been presented by others, and
urged with some force, notwithstanding it has not
been taken by the majority of the committee, I think
it proper not to let it pass without notice; and more
especially as, in the opinions of some, the Thole
merits of the subject-matter now before the House
turns upon this question. For they admit, if this
power was intended to be embraced in the language
used in this clause of the constitution, Congress has.
the same right to its exercise that the States have.
And it seems to me that the admission is no less
frank than it is legitimate; for I cannot well perceive
how any more power under the clause can be. claim-
ed for the States, than must he acknowledged, also,
to belong to Congress.
The language of the clause is in the following
words:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions of senators and representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislatures thereof; but
the Congress may at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, except as to the place of
choosing senators."
And, of course, so far as the language is con-
cerned, whatever power over this subject is given
primarily to the States, by this clause, is also given
vltimately to this government. The only question,
then, upon this point, is to settle the meaning of the
words, or the extent of their comprehension. If
we refer to the practice of the States as a rule to
govern us in coming to a conclusion upon this point,
all will admit that it is decidedly against the posi-
tion assumed. Even from the beginning of the
government, most of the States have exercised
the power; and "in prescribing the times, places,
and manner of holding their elections," have
divided their territories into districts, and directed
their elections to be held accordingly; the legality of
which, upon this floor, has never been disputed.
But to avoid the force of these examples, those who
assume the position with the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, say that the power of districting, which the
States have exercised, is not derived from the constitu-
tion, but is one of the inherent rights of sovereignty
in the States, which they possess independently of the
constitution. Now, sir, this seems to me to be re-
treating from one difficulty only to encounter an-
other, and a greater one. For I hold that the States
have no right to representation here, either inherent
or of any other character, except such as is derived
through the constitution, and in such way, mode,
and manner, as was agreed upon in the constitu-
tion. How is it that representation is apportioned
amonsj the States upon the federal basis, but be-
cause it was so agreed upon, and entered as one of
the terms of the same compact which declared that
the "times, places, and manner of holding elections"
should be preseribed by the legislatures, subject to
the control of Congress? Indeed, this view is con-
ceded by the majority in their report; for they say:
"Whatever power the States have over elections they
derive from the constitution"—which is certainly
true; for without the constitution there would have
been no Congress, and no representation.
But, to settle the matter whether the power in
question was intended to be embraced in the words
used, I think we have only to refer to the history of
the times, and see what those who made the consti-
tution understood at the time to be the meaning and
extent of the terms employed. I ask the attention
of the House to the remarks of Mr. Madison upon
this subject, made in the convention, when this
clause was under consideration in that body.
And these I read, sir, only for the pur-
pose of showing what was then fully under-
stood to be the extent of the power conferred
by the words. These remarks were made (it may
be proper for me also to add) when the second part
