m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was "Glee many Similar cases to which he
could refer if necessary.
As to the settlement of the country, it was de-
sirable that the lands contiguous to those proposed
to' be -Set apart for the improvements, should be
settled before the lands thus reserved are exposed
for sale. They would then bring a much better
price. The works could then be executed on much
better terms than they could if there was no popu-
lation.. He could not see why the gentleman
from New York [Mr, Tallmadge] was so
a&xious to hasten the commencement of these
improvements, when they could be effected,
and would be effected, in a much shorter time,
by a little delay. He was decidedly in favor of
ceding a part of these lands, but not at this time;
and he trusted such a course would be pursued.
He again -suggested to his friend from Ohio [Mr.
Tappan] to let the'bill lie over, in order that he [Mr.
T.] might have an opportunity of examining it
more thoroughly, and of preparing such an amend-
ment as would provide for the construction of this
canal, when the Territory should become a State.
With such an arrangement he should be satisfied.
He believed it would be more to the interest of the
Territory and the country; and that tlie canal would
then be better constructed, and at a much less ex-
pense.
Mr. TAPPAN acquiesed in the suggestion of the
senator from Alabama, [Mr. King;] ana the bill was
postponed until to-morrow.
THE COMPROMISE ACT.
Mr. EVANS moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business of Fri-
day, being the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance, for the indefinite postponement
of the bill introduced by the senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. McDcffie,] to reduce gradually the
rates of duties under the present tariff to the stand-
ard of the compromise act—that is, an ad valorem
duty of twenty per cent.
Mr. BERRIEJM said that, before this debate pro-
ceeded, he desired to take the opinion of the Senate
on a point of order. He had listened to the discus-
sion—especially that portion of it which had occu-
pied the attention of the Senate for the last three
days—with all the attention which was due to the
honorable senators by whom it had been conducted,
and certainly with a full appreciation of the ability
with which the subject had been debated; but with
a constant feeling of the entire impropriety of the
length to which it had extended from the subject
under consideration.
The appropriate committee of the Senate, to
which this bill had been referred, had reported a
resolution which presented a preliminary question;
and that was, whether the Senate had power to take
original legislative jurisdiction on a bill of this de-
scription. That, he apprehended, was the question
which was primarily to be decided; because, if, in
point of fact, the Senate should ultimately decide
that it had not the power to originate this bill, and
should, in the intennediate time, have engaged in a
discussion on the merits of the bill itself, the result
would be that, in the character of senators, they
had been discussing a question over which they had
no sort of jurisdiction. He apprehended it was
true in a legislative as well as in a judicial
point of view, that before the Senate could enter into
the consideration of the subject-matter of a ques-
tion, it must ascertain and determine its right and
authority to decide upon its jurisdiction. Great and
important as were the qjestions presented to their
consideration m the discussion which had been con-
ducted for the last three days, there was one in ad-
vance of all these questions, and infinitely more
important. It was, the question of the constitutional
powers of that body; and that he conceived was the
first question which claimed consideration. He
was aware, while making this suggestion to the
Senate, that the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Woodbury] was entitled to the floor that day;
but having intimated this morning to that Senator
his intention of raising n point of order, ho presumed
it would be perfectly satisfactory to him [Mr. W.]
if the sense of the Senate could be ascertained as to
the propriety of continuing the discussion, before
rising to address the Senate. But it was not the
Senator from New Hampshire alone who was con-
cerned. It concerned every other individual who
expected to take part in the debate, to know whether
he should be restricted in his observations upon a
fs ibjeet involving the _ constitutional powers of the
Senate to that question; or whether he should en-
gage in the discussion of several extraneous topics.
Ii was with a view to ascertain the sense of the sen-
ate on this subject, that he had submitted the point
of order, whether the discussion should not be re-
stricted to the question of the constitutional power
of the Senate to originate this bill; and not -n ith any
desire to oppose a mere reference to the bill for the
purpose of ascertaining its character. It was to ex-
clude from discussion the consideration of its merits.
He submitted the question of order.
The CHAIR said that, after deliberating much
on the subject, he was of opinion that it was not
in his power to restrict the discussion. If there
was any dissent from this opinion, an appeal could
be taken.
Mr. ARCHER inquired if the object of the sena-
tor from Georgia would not be accomplished by a
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Fi-
nance, with instructions to report back the two
questions involved in the resolution separately?
The CHAIR desired, if not out of order, to be
allowed to state an opinion formed after much de-
liberation. It was, that the proper time for raising
the question of order, would have been on asking
leave to introduce the bill. But no objectiou hav-
ing been then made, the bill was to be consid-
ered as before the Senate; and, although the
question would be upon adopting the report of
the committee, the discussion on that point was not
precluded from embracing the merits of the bill
itself. If any Senators thought proper to question
the decision of the Chair, em appeal from it might be
taken; and the Senate would itself then decide the
question of order.
Mr. BERRIEN called for the reading of the re-
port.
The Secretary of the Senate read the report, con-
sisting simply of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the bill entitled "A bill to revive
the act of the 2d March, 1833, usually called the
compromise act, and to modify the existing duties
upon foreign imports in conformity with its provis-
ions," is a bill for raising revenue within the mean-
ing of the 7th section of the 1st article of the con-
stitution, and cannot therefore originate in the Sen-
ate: therefore
Resolved, That it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. BERRIEN said it seemed to him, from the
form of the resolution, that the concluding part was,
in so many words, a direct sequence of the previous
part. Both parts must be taken as a whole, in
which the nature of the bill and the constitutional
objection to it are inseparably united; and, for
this cause, it recommends that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed. But the object he had in view
was simply to obtain the sense of the Senate,
whether it should confine itself to the considera-
tion of the preliminary question, or go into the
medt* of the bill itself. He denied that there could
be any rule or action of the Senate in regulating its
proceedings, which could arm itself with powers it
did not possess from the constitution. If the Senate
did not possess the power to entertain the bill itself,
it certainly could not give itself the power of dis-
cussing its merits. The constitutional question could
not be set aside by any rule of the Senate. Its in-
cumbent duty was, first to decide whether it had or
had not the right of jurisdiction over the subject.
Perhaps the object he had in view could be attain-
ed—as he now understood the Chair had decided
that the bill and resolution were both before the
Senate—by moving that the whole be laid on the ta-
ble, premising that he made the motion simply for
the purpose of testing the sense of the Senate wheth-
er the question for discussion was to be that of the
preliminary jurisdiction, or the merits of the bill.
The CHAIR was understood to remark that, if
the motion to by the whole on the table prevailed,
all would go togetlicr.
Mr. ARCHER hoped his friend from Georgia
would shape his motion so as to obtain a vote on the
question ofjurisdiction.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that he now under-
stood that his object would not be obtained by
the motion to lay the whole on the table. He had
already stated that the first question to be decided
was the preliminary question of jurisdiction; it was
the great value attached to the resolution. His de-
sire was to have the direct decision of the Senate,
either affirming or denying its constitutional power
to entertain the bill. That object, however, it ap-
peared, would not be obtained by a motion to lay the
bill on the table. He should be glad to acquiesce
in any motion that would attain his direct object.
If the question on that point Should be decided that
the merits of the bill- can be discussed, he should
have no objection to the views of senators being
given On the merits of the bill.
The CHAIR pointed out various ways in which
the object of the senator from Georgia could be at-
tained; and, to show this, referred to the standing
rules, which he quoted.
Mr. HUNTINGTON understood the senator
from Georgia to suggest to the Chair whether the
question he proposed to raise, and which he (Mr.
H.) thought ought to be the first question raised—
that of jurisdiction—might not be reached in this
form; by laying the question of indefinite postpone-
ment on the table, leaving the naked question of ju-
risdiction to be decided by a direct vote.
The CHAIR read one of the standing rules, by
which it appeared that a division of the question
might be called for.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he had before under-
stood the decision of the Cliair to be, that they were
not capable of division.
The CHAIR said, no; the Chan- thought it
was divisible.
Mr. HUNTINGTON thought the question of
jurisdiction was the first question to be decided. It
was a great constitutional question, that ought to be
decided by the Senate. It ought to be placed on
record, that the Senate had settled this question of
jurisdiction by a direct vote. If this were not set-
tled first, the diseussion on the merits of the bill
might be kept up for weeks, and to no purpose, be-
cause at last the vote on the resolution might decide
that there was no jurisdiction. His friends had
shown by what had already taken place, that their
object was not to avoid discussion; for that they
were prepared, whenever the proper time came, for
going into it.
Mr. ARCHER did not understand the answer
given by the Chair, when the question was asked,
whether the object might not be accomplished by
a motion to recommit the bill with instructions.
The CHAIR replied to the inquiry that, on re-
committal, the committee could report the questions
distinctly, and on their report a division of the sub-
ject would come up. But on the motion to recom-
mit, the whole subject would be open to discussion.
Mr. ARCHER had been going to say, that the
object might be attainable by a motion of that char-
acter. But it appeared that motion would let in the
very thing against which he wished to guard—a
fruitless discussion of the tariff policy of the coun-
try—on a pending question of the jurisdiction of the
Senate, which might be decided against the right to
entertain the measure discussed, If the discussion
was to go on for five or six weeks, was it not worth
while to consider the excitement of the country
which it would raise, and the almost ludicrous as-
pect in which the Senate would be regarded at the
end of that time, when it would be decided that it
had no jurisdiction to entertain the measure it had
been so long discussing. That the whole 'liing
should result—in what way? That, by the constitu-
tion, they had no power at all to entertain this bill!
For such would prove to be the fact.
Gentlemen on all sides of the House, whatever
might be their views as to the policy of the tariff
law, should concur in avoiding the occasion which
would be thus given for casting a stigma on the
character and conduct of the Senate.
He should feel it to be his duty to offer the mo-
tion he had intimated his intention of making, but
he now understood the object could be better at-
tained by another motion to lay the whole on the
table; on which motion it would be competent for
some other senator to call for a division of the sub-
ject.
He did not think it could be desirable that the
general discussion should be continued in advance of
a legitimate occasion forgoing into the whole merits
of the tariff question, without being checked by
any constitutional retrain'.. He understood, from
the organ of the other House, m relation to this
subject, that there was now very little doubt that a
bill would, at no distant day in the session, be sent
from that House, where such measures could more
properly originate, which would call up the ques-
tion for the most'free and ample discussion ^that
gentlemen could desire. Should this discussion, in
the mean time, have gone on for five or six weeks,
was it all to be gone over again, or was the
legitimate occasion to pass with little or no discus-
sion? They should, in such case, have to renew
the subject for five or six weeks, which had already
occupied their time for the same period. He should
