Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19T
28th Cong..,..1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stephens.
H. of Reps*
of the clause was under consideration; that is, the
propriety of giving the ultimate control over the
subject to Congress "This view of the question,"
(said he, after sonve previous remarks; see the Madi*
son Papers, vol. 3, page 1280,) "seems to decide
that the legislatures of the States ought not to have
the uncontrolled right of regulating the times, places,
and manner ot holding elections. These mere words
of great latitude. It was impossible to foresee all the
abuse that' .night be made of the discretionary pow-
er. Whe'diar tie elections should be by ballot or
viva voce; whether the electors should assemble at
this pb.ee or at that place; should be divided into
distnc\S) or au meet at one place; should all vote
for a j the representatives, or all in a district vote for
a }r<ember allotted to that district;—these and many
o'/ier points would depend upon the legislatures, or
'flight materially effect the appointments." That
is, if the controlling power were not given to Con-
gress. For, said he further: "It seems to be as im-
proper in principle, though it might not be as in-
convenient in practice, to give the State legislatures
this great authority over the elections of the people
in the general legislature, as it would be to give to
the latter a like power over the elections of the rep-
resentatives in the State legislatures."
That the same meaning was generally understood
at the time, is abundantly established from other
sources. But I will not detain the House by refer-
ring further thereto; and 1 only refer to these opin-
ions now, for the purpose, as I have said, of show-
ing what was understood to be the import of the
words, "times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions;" and that no person appeared at that time
to entertain any opinion contrary to Mr. Madison,
to wit—that "they were words of great latitude;"
and that by them, or under their authority, the
■States would have power to decide "whether all the
people in one State should vote for all their repre-
sentatives, or whether all in a district should vote
for a member allotted to such district." It is true,
I might use the authority of Mr. Madison here
quoted, to show that he was in favor of the incor-
poration of the latter part of the clause, which gives
the controlling power to Congress, and that he went
in argument so far as to say, in effect, that it would
be as wrong in principle to leave this subject en-
tirely under the control of the legislatures of the
States, as it would be to give to the general govern-
ment power to control the elections of the members
of the State legislatures. But this is not my object
atpiesent, which is only to show that the power of
"districting" is not only embraced in the words used
ex vi termini, but was well understood to be so in-
tended by those who made the constitution; and that
t is in pursuance of the same that the States have ever
since exercised the power. And if this point is sat-
isfactorily established, as I believe it is, I leave it for
gentlemen to decide whether, according to their ad-
mission, Congress has not the same right to its ex-
ercise that the States have?
There is, Mr. Speaker, another particular also,
ill which 1 do not agree with the gentleman from
Mississippi. He says thai if he believed the sec-
ond section of the apportionment act to be consti-
tutional, he would not consent, coming as he
does from a State electing by general ticket, to hold
his seat in this House. Now, sir, I come from a
State electing in the same way; and I believe the
section of the act alluded to, and now under consid-
eration, to be a constitutional law; and that it ought
to be considered as operative and valid, touching
the elections of members, in the organization of this
House. Entertaining these opinions, I have been
asked how I could consistently retain my seat as a
member of this body, sworn, as I am, to support
the constitution. - My answer is, that I submit
the question to this House, the constitutional
tribunal, for its decision. This, sir, is a con-
stitutional question which individually concerns
me but little; but one in which-the people of'
the State I have the honor in part to represent, as
well as the people of all the States, have a deep in-
terest; and one in the settlement of which the same
people have a right to be heard. The people Of
Georgia, sir, have a right to representation here,
either by the general-ticket or district system. A
majority of that people, I believe, agree with me
that the district system, under existing laws, is the
legal and proper one. And here I would respect- •
fully dissent frorp the opinion of one of my col-
leagues, [Mr. Black,] expressed on a former occa-
sion—that the people of that State were united uport
this subject, and that the prevailing opinion of both
parties was in favor of the general ticket. I tyink if
there is any one particular in which both parties of
that State are more nearly agreed than upon any
other, it is the district system. At the session before
the last of our legislature, the democratic party were
largely in the majority, and an act was passed dis-
tricting the State, which was vetoed by the governor;
and the late legislature which was whig, passed
another act of similar import, which has received the
executive sanction, and which is now the law of the
State. But I barely allude to this, to put the matter
right before the House.
The question involved in the' subject now under
consideration, is one upon which great difference of
opinion seems to prevail; and it is one neither for
me or a majority of the people of Georgia, but for
this House, to determine. This House, by the con-
stitution, is made the, sole "judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its members;" and if
you say that the members elected by general ticket
are legally and properly returned, your decision, by
the constitution, is final arid conclusive upon tlife
subject; and, in that event, a majority of the people
of Georgia say I am to be one of their representatives;
and if you say the law of Congress is valid, and
ought to be regarded as such, why, the present dele-
gation will retire, and another will be sent according
to the provisions of the existing law of the State.
In either event, the people, if represented at all,
ought certainly to be represented by those of their
own choice.
I have been told by some that my position was
like that of a suitor at court, who claims a hearing,
and, at the same time, denies his right. By no
means, sir. My position is more like that of the
representative of a suitor at court, when there is no
doubt as to the right of recovery, but some difference •
of opinion as to the right way to be pursued in ob-
taining it, and which is not to be settled by the
suitor or his representative, but by the court.
Is a man to be deprived of his rights because he
may differ from the court as to the proper form of
action to be brought' Or, are a people to be disfran-
chised, because they may differ with this House, as
to the proper and legal mode of election? When a
man is sworn to support a constitution, sir, which
provides for its own amendment, I hold he is as
much bound to support an amendment, when made
in pursuance thereof, as he was to support the ori-
ginal constitution; and when he is sworn to support
a constitution which provides a tribunal for the set-
tlement of any class of cases arising under it, where
differences of opinion may prevail, he is as much
bound to acquiesce in the decision of such tribunal
when made, and to the extent matfe, until reversed,
in any case so arising, as he was bound to be gov-
erned b,y his own opinions in relation to ,it before.
This, sir, is one of the first principles of all societies,
and part of the obligation of every individual implied
when he becomes a citizen of government, or takes
the oath of allegiance. Else, why should there be a
tribunal to decide such questions, if obedience and
acquiescence to the decision, when made, should not
be regarded, in every sense of propriety, right and
proper, both politically and morally?
Sir, without this rule, there could be no order and
no government; but every man would set up his
own judgment—or a i^uclPless safe guide, his own
conscience—as the rule of his own acts; and the most
lawless anarchy would be the result.
Why, sir, suppose the resolutions upon your ta-
ble be adopted, and the sitting members from the
four States elected by general ticket be declared by
a vote of the House to have been duly elected, and
your legislatidn proceeds: will the constitutionality
of the acts passed by this Congress be inquirable
into by the courts of the country upon this ground?
Suppose, during the session, some law be passed,
and carried by the votes of those members whose
right to seats is now under consideration, making
certain acts criminal, and subject to severe punish
ment; and hereafter, some individual, charged with
a violation of that law, should raise the question of
constitutionality, and insist, by way of defence, that
it was no law, not having been passed by a Con-
gress constitutionally' organized: would his plea
avail him anything? or would it be entertained
by any court? Would not every judge be
bound by the settlement of that question by this
House, to whom it has, by the constitution, been
wisely and exclusively committed? I apprehend
that he would, sir; and that, too, notwithstand-
ing his own opinion might be opposed to that
of a majority of this House upon the ques-
tion now before it. The judge would: be shielded
with_ (he consciousness that, if the constftuion were'
violated, it would not be by his decision; and so, sir,
with me; if a constitutional law in the decision of
this question be disregard, it will not be by my
vote or influence. But as I am sworn to support
and defend that instrument, I do so to-day, and to
the utmost of my ability; and if I fail in inducing
this House to agree with me in opinion upon the
question, 1 must yield my own to the opinions of
the majority of, those wliose province it is to decide
it. Neither am I unsupported by the ablest autho-
rity in the correctness of my position.
Mr. Madison, upon this subject, says: 1
"Has the wisest and most conscientious judge
ever Scrupled to acquiesce in decisions in which he
he has been overruled by the mature opinions of the
majority of his colleagues', and subsequently' to
conform himself thereto, as to authoritative expo-
sitions of the law? And is it not reasonable that
the same view of the official oath should be taken
by a legislator, acting under the constitution, which
is his guide, as is taken by a judge acting under the
law, which is his?
"There i , in fact, and in common understanding,
a necessity of regarding a course of practice as above
characterized, in the fight of a legal rule for inter-
preting a law; and there is a like necessity of con-
sidering it a constitutional rule of interpreting a con-
stitution*"—Nibs's Register, svpj^lanciit to vol. 43, p. 28.
This, sir, is the rule by which I am governed; and
I have bsen the more full and explicit in giving: i*>
because some, who are about as little noted for their
sagacity as their integrity, have affected to feel such
great surprise at what they consider the strange in-
consistency of my position.
Having Said thus much upon these points, I now
come, sir, to the main question before the House,
which is, the propriety of the adoption of the reso-'
lutions upon your table, which declare that the sec-
ond section of the apportionment act, before alluded
to, is not a valid and operative law; and, in conse-
quence, that the elections in four of the States which
have been held in disregard thereof, are nevertheless"
lawful and valid.
The language of that section is in the. following
words:
"That in every case when a State is entitled
more than one representative, the number to which
each State shall be entitled under this apportion-
ment shall be elected by districts, composed of
contiguous territory, equal in number to the num-
ber of representatives to which each State may be
entitled—no oils'district electing more than one'rep-
reseetative."
The object of the section evidently was to legis-
late upon the places and manner of holding' the elec-
tions of 'members of this House, so far as to re-
quire such elections to be held by single districts.
The authority upon which the legislation was
based, is the power given to Congress m that clause
of the constitution alluded to before. And so faK
as form is concerned, it is admitted by all, I believe,
that the section in question passed strictly in pur-
suance of the s ode prescribed in the constitution
for the enactment of laws; that is, it passed this
House, the Senate, and received the sanction of the
President, and is found in the statute-book with the
other laws of the land. And of course this House
should require some strong reasons to justify it in
the passage of a resolution which declares that, not-
withstanding all these sanctions, it is no law) and of
no binding force.
And here I will remark that I agree with the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,J as to the-
proper rule which should be adopted in its construc-
tion; which is the same that all courts adopt upon
the construction of statutes touching their validity;
that is, such construction should- be given as will, if
possible, sustain the law. The power of Congress,
the, subject-matter of the statute, with all its rela-
tions, should be so considered and construed, that
the whole may, if possible, stand; or, as the courts
say, "ut resnwgis valeat, quam per tat." Not that 1
intend to insist upon any advantages that might bo
supposed to arise from the latitude of this rule; but
I mention it' barely becausc a contrary one has
been suggested by some.
I have, Mr. Speaker, been an attentive listener
during the progress of this debate, and I have, I Ise-
believe, given no less attention to the arguments of
the gentleman who advocate tide adoption of the
resolutions, than to the report of the committee, and
the reasons which seem to have led them to the
conclusions expressed in the "resolutions. And I
think, upon proper examwatiop _ and analysis, they
