APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stephens.
H. of Reps.
will all bfe found to rest upon one of three posi-
tions;
1  That the section in question is inoperative and
void, because Congress, by the constitution, has no
'power to legislate upon the subject.
2. That though Congress does possess the power
of regulating "the times, places, and manner of
holding elections for members of this House, yet
it is limited in its eXerfcise to the contingency of
the failure or refusal of the States to do so; which
contingency not having happened, it was improper-
ly exercised, and therefore its action is void.
3. That though Congress does possess the pow-
er, and as absolutely as the States, yet the section
in question is not such a full Exercise of the power
as to render it an efficient statute; and that it is so
materially defective in itself as to be inoperative and
void as it now stands.
Those who take the first ground agree with the
gentleman from Mississippi who last addressed the
House; and, as I have already answered that view,
I will say no more upon it at this time. The report
of the committee, however, and a large majority of
those who advocate the resolutions, I believe it will
be admitted, do not rest their argument upon that
ground; they rely exclusively upon the last two po-
sitions, neither of which seems to me to be any
more tenable than the first; and each of them I will
examine m its order.
The first position, then, assumed by the commit-
tee, is, that the power of Congress over elections of
members of this House, "in prescribing the times,
places, and manner," is a conditional or contingent
power, or one only to be exercised upon the condi-
tion or contingency of the failure or refusal of the
States to do so; and, as the contingency upon which
it rests had not happened, its exercise by the last
Congress was improper and void.
[Mr. Douglass (the author ofthe report) here in-
terrupted, and was understood to deny that the com-
mittee had taken that position.]
I think, Mr. Speaker, that 1 will be able to show,
not only fc& the House, but to the gentleman himself,
that I am not mistaken in the position of the report.
I h*.'ve it before me, and from it I read as follows:
"The privilege allowed Congress of altering State
regulations, or making new ones, if not in terms, is
certainly, in spirit attd design, dependent and contin-
gent. If the legislatures of the States fail or refuse
to act in the premises, &p., then this conservative
power interposes, and, upon the principle of self-
preservation, authorizes Congress to do that which
the State legislatures ought to have done."
Moreover, the report goes on to affirm that "the
history of the constitution, and especially the sec-
tion in question, shows conclusively that these were
the considerations which induced the adoption of
that provision."
And again, says the report, in maintenance of the
Mine principle:
"After the subject of this provision had been fully
and ably discussed, maturely considered, and
unanimously adopted, the latter clause of the section
conferring upon Congress the power to make regu-
lations, or alter those prescribed by the States, was
agreed to, with an explanation at the time that this
was meant to give to the national legislature the
power not only to alter the provisions of the States,
hut to make regulations in case the States should
fail, or refuse altogether."
Now, sir, this is the argument; and so far as what
is said of the explanation given at the time is con-
cerned, even that certainly does not warrant the con-
clusion that the power conferred upon Congress by
fhe clause was undeistood, either m spirit or de-
sign, only to be exercised in case of the failure or re-
usal of the States to do so; and that the general un-
derstanding at the time does not warrant such con-
clusion, I think abundantly evident from the history
of that period. No clause m the constitution met
with warmer opposition in the States; and nothing
is clearer than that it was well understood that full
power thereby was given to Congress to exercise
absolute and unconditional legislation upon the sub-
ject. This is apparent from the debatss in all the
States, as far as they have been preserved; and seven
of the States ratified the constitution with a proposed
amendment that the power, in this section, should
be so far restricted as to limit its exercise by Con-
gress to the contingency stated. The, proposed
amendment offered by Massachusetts is in the fol-
1 iwing words:
' The convention do therefore recommend that the
!• (lowing alterations and provisions be introduced
into the said constitution: 'That Congress do not ex-
ercise the power vested in them by the fourth sec-
tion of the first article, but in cases where the States
shall neglect or rtfuse to make the regulations therein
mentiohfed, or shall make regulations subversive of
the rights of the people to a.free and equal represent-
ation m Congress agreeable to the constitution.' "
The language of the amendment proposed by
Virginia is in the following words:
"The Congress shall not alter, or -modify, or in-
terfere in the times, places, or manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, or either
of them, except when the legislature of any State
shall neglect, refuse, or be disabled, by invasion or
rebellion, to prescribe the same." And, at the same
time, "enjoined upon her representatives in.Con-
gress to exert all their influence, and use all rea-
sonable and legal methods, to obtain a ratification of
the foregoing alteration and provision, in the manner
provided by the fifth article of the constitution."
North Carolina proposed the following amend-
ment:
"That Congress shall not alter, modify, or inter-
fere with the times, places, or manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, or either
of them, except when the legislature of any State
shall neglect, refuse, or be disabled, by invasion or
rebellion, to prescribe the same."
But it is useless to multiply these instances.
Similar resolutions, as I have before stated, were
passed by seven of the States ratifying the constitu-
tion; which shows conclusively that, however much
those States may have been opposed to the exist-
ence of such power, yet, nevertheless, it was
well understood, at the time, that the power did ex-
ist under the constitution as ratified.
Nay, more, sir; I have before me the journals of
the House of Representatives of the first Congress,
in 1789; and, on page 86,1 find that the following
amendment to the constitution, which had been of-
fered by Mr. Burke, of South Carolina, was acted
upon, to wit:
"Congress shall not alter, modify, or interfere in
the times, places, or manner of holding elections of
senators or representatives, except when any State
shall refuse, or neglect, or be unable, by invasion or
rebellion, to make such election." Which was lost.
And among those who recorded their votes in the
negative, are Nicholas Oilman, Roger Sherman, and
James Madison, who were all members of the con-
vention that formed the constitution. Sir,can anything
be clearer, or better established, than that it was well
understood at that day that the absolute and uncon-
ditional power of regulating "the times, places, and
manner of holding elections for this House," either
in case of the failure or refusal of the States, or not,
was vested by the constitution in the general govern-
ment' And not only this; but that, in the opinion of
the wise men and pure patriots that composed the
first Congress, it ought to remain there. And that
there was no such understanding, as stated by the
majority ofthe Committee of Elections, that it was
to be exercised only in case Of failure or refusal on
the part of the States' That is the limitation to
which the States before-mentioned wished to restrict
it by amendment; and that is the limitation to which
the proposed amendment in the first Congress was
intended to restrict it, which has never been ratified,
leaving the power as origma% incorporated in the
constitution.
Sir, is more light wanted upon this subject? or do
gentlemen, ostntch like, expect, by hiding their
their own eyes, to extinguish the light around from
the vision of others? You may, indeed, enshroud
youiself in darkness; but it seems to me that you
may as well attempt to extinguish the light at noon,
so long as yonder sun courses his path in the heav-
ens, as to envelop this subject in mystery or doubt,
while the archives of your country remain unob-
hterated.
I come now, sir, to the arguments and rea-
sons of those who, abandoning the grounds of
the first and second positions, attempt to fortify
themselves under the third. They admit that Con-
gress does possess the power, by the 4th section of
the first article of the constitution, to regulate the
times, places, and manner of holding elections for
members of this House, so far as to require them
to be chosen by districts; which, it is also admitted,
was the object of the second section of the last ap-
portionment act. They admit, also, that this power
in Congress is not barely an ultimate one, to be ex-
ercised only in case of .a failure or refusal of the
States to exercise it; but that it is an absolute and
controlling power, to be exercised at any time ac-
cording to discretion. But they insist that the sec-
tion under consideration is not' such an exercise of it
as should be regarded as law—that it was only an
attempt at its exercise without such details as are
necessary- at all times to give foret> and efficiency to
legislation—that if Congress had gone on and di-
vided the States into districts, its action would have
been both constitutional and binding; but that, as
the section now stands, it is a perfect nullity within
itself, until it shall be perfected eithei" by the le-
gislatures of the States, or this government, in the
formation of the districts, &c.; or, in otl.'er words,
that, as it now stands, it is nothing more
than a direction, or a mandamus to the States,
to form districts according to a general prin-
ciple therein set forth; which they say this
government has no right to give. They insist that
from the nature of the State governments, and tDe
federal government, each being confined within its*
own appropriate sphere of action, Congress cannot
constitutionally pass any law, which, for its full exe-
cution, will require the States to conform thereto, or
perfect by their legislation.
This view of the subject is the only plausible one
to my mind that has been presented for consider-
ing the section in question as inoperative as it now
stands upon the statute book; and to it I ask the
particular attention of the House; for it is not
only strongly relied upon by the majority of the
committee in their report, but has been repeatedly
urged in the debate with a great deal of speciousneas,
and by no one with ■ more clearness and force, 1
believe, than by my colleague, [Mr. Cobb,] who ad-
dressed the House on yesterday; and yet, I think
it will be as unable to bear the test of examination
as either of the others. The strength of the argu-
ment in this view, you will perceive, rests mainly
upon the assumed principle,1 that, from the nature of
the federal and State governments, in our compli-
cated form, in legislation each is confined to its own
sphere; and that Congress cannot pass a law, valid
in itself, or such as should be regarded efficient and
operative, which, for its execution, will require State
legislation; and that the States are not bound, under
the constitution, to make such legislation, in any in-
stance, as will be necessary for the full execution
and operation of a law of Congress. That the laws
of Congress, to be valid, must not depend upon such
State legislation, but must operate propio vigore, or
not at all.
Now, sir, if this assumed principle can be shown to
be wrong, the whole argument which rests upon it, as
matter of course, will be overthrown; and that it is
wrong, I think can be made appear, both from the
constitution itself, and repeated precedents of legis-
lation in our history. That the principle assumed
as a general proposition is true, I admit; but that it
is true in any case when there is such concurrent
jurisdiction, or powers of legislation, if you please,
given to the States and Congress over any subject,
and the controlling power confei red upon the latter,
as in the case now under consideration, (and there
are several such in the constitution,) I am disposed
to question.
I will illustrate, sir. By the constitution, it is made
the duty of Congress, every ten years, from an enu-
meration made, to apportion the number of repre-
sentatives to which each State may be entitled, ac-
cording to the federal basis. And all that Congress
does, or has done from the begmning of the gov-
ernment, in the exercise of this power, is barely to
fix the ratio of representation, and by law to declaje
the number of representatives to which each State
is entitled according to the same. Of course, it be-
comes the duty of each State immediately to pre-
scribe such new regulations as may be necessary
for conformity to the new ratio. For instance: in
all those States where the district system was the
existing mode of electing representatives, it has
been necessary for a reorganization of the districts
by State legislation, in each one of them, upon each
apportionment. By the last apportionment several
of the States are entitled to a less-number of repre-
sentatives than before. Suppose these States had
not reorganized their districts in conformity with
the late apportionment act, and had sent the same
number of representatives, and elected in the same
way as before: would they be admitted upon the
ground that the act was a mandamus to the S ates,
and that Congress could pass no law requiring con-
formity on the part of the States in then- legislative
action' Or is the second section of the apportion-
ment act under consideration any more dnectory or
mandatory to the States electing by general ticket,
than the first section is to those electing by districts?
All the States included in the latter class, I believe,
