CONGRESSIONAL G
pie were to struggle on, under the domination of the
British authorities—to be tried not by British laws,
but by laws made to suit the occasion. Allow all
these grievances to proceed for ten years, while we
sit calm and inactive here? He {Mr. W.) was as-
tonished that the gentleman should propose it. As
long' as a portion of the country was in danger, he
was for defending it; and not for waiting ten years,
until the population of the territory became able to
defend it. He wanted the question taken now, in
order that the British minister, who is coming to
negotiate, might understand that he is not to have
an inch of Oregon. Had it come to this, that a man
had risen upon the floor of Congress, and said that it
would not do for us to take any measures in relation
to Oregon, in consequence of Great Britain's strength?
He was astonished to hear such an assertion, in
such a place, and from such a quarter. If the gen-
tleman believed it, he ought not to have said it.
How much had they ever got from Great Britain,
but by hard fighting? Even after the war for inde-
pendence, tliey had to fight the battle over again; and
they would yet to have to fight it over again for
Oregon. He (Mr. W.) believed they were as much
obliged to defend Oregon, as to defend the spot on
which they stood. What! should American citizens
be recreant to their country, if they feared to stand
up in her defence because Great Britain was pow-
erful? Let her come with her steamers—let her
come with her cannon; there are American hearts
in the breasts of the people of this country, and
they will withstand her power, as did our forefathers
in the days of the revolution. He held that
their chief object should be to let Great Brit-
ain know that she is not to, and cannot, get
Oregon from us—that this nation will never
consent that she shall have Texas or Califor-
nia—and that we do not care how soon she loses
Canada. He feared England had too many friends
upon that floor; but the very last reason which
should be assigned for friendship with Great Britain
was, that they were afraid of her strength. All
that he (Mr. W.) wished, was, that she might un-
dertake to get Oregon. She might be successful for
a time; but eventually the American valor would be
goaded on, and, as the gentleman from Indiana hap-
pily said, there would be a rush across the Rocky
mountains. There would arise some Jackson to
defend the mouth of the Columbia, as General An-
drew Jackson had defended the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi. Yes, there would be a Jackson at hand, to
act as he did, in imprisoning the Halls and Loual-
liers; for when the great question of Oregon comes
up, there would be traitoi's. Our country never got
into trouble yet, but there were some men crying
out peace! peace! while they were contriving her
.destruction. But when our rights are infringed, we
are not the men to be satisfied with peace. We
strike with vigor, and never will yield until driven
to complete subjugation. He (Mr. W.) was for
speaking out upon this subject distinctly, so that
the British minister, when he comes, might know
what was the feeling of the American people, and
particularly of the people of the West, with regard
to it.
Mr. THOMASSON hoped he would not be mis-
understood on the subject. He did not believe he
said any thing to convey the view that the power of
Great Britain was so formidable as to prevent us
from insisting upon our rights. So far as he was
concerned, he had not shown any dread of British
power; for he had, in the- last war, shouldered his
musket in defence of that very State the gentleman
in part represented.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am happy to hear it;
and hope the gentleman will shoulder his musket in
defence of Oregon.
Mr. HUGHES observed that he did not rise at
this late hour to enter into the discussion of the sub-
ject; but to express his dissent from the views ad-
vanced by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Thomassok.] He thought the gentleman was mis-
taken, and particularly so in what he said as to the
importance and value of the country. He thought
he should be able to show, as he would endeavor to
do, that this country possessed as much rich soil as
belonged to the old tlmteen United States. He
now moved that the committee rise.
Mr. PARMENTER requested the gentleman to
withdraw his motion, and suggested that the sub-
ject under discussion should be passed over mior-
mally; and that the committee proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill reported by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, authorizing the transfer of naval ap-
. propriations. This being agreed to by general con-
sent, and Mr. Hughes having withdrawn his mo-
tion—
TRANSFERS OF NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
The bill to authorize the President of the United
States to direct the transfer of naval appropriations
under certain circumstances, was taken up and read.
Mr. PARMENTER went into an explanation of
the nature and objects of the bill, and stated the
pressing demand for the money intended to be trans-
ferred, to enable the department to carry on its ope-
rations. The bill, he said, had been so amended as
to obviate the objections that had been made against
such transfers, as deviating from the established prin-
ciple of specific appropriations. The bill was limit-
ed both as to time and amount, as it was to extend
only to the end of the present fiscal year; and the
sum was not to go beyond £200,000. No additional
appropriation was involved, and no surplus of ap-
propriations for other objects would be used, unless
they were not needed for that object.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL observed, that he should
like to understand if the bill was amended so as to
limit the time and amount of the transfers. That
being the case, he should not object to it; and he
believed that, had the first bill been so framed, it
would have passed without any objections. That
bill conflicted with a principle—that of specific ap-
propriations—which had been in practice for forty
years.
Mr. PARMENTER said the bill was limited to
the present fiscal year, that expires on the 30th
June next; and the sum to be transferred was
miited to $200,000.
*Mr. THOMAS SMITH observed that, not being
very well informed on the subject, his object in rising
was to elicit information from those gentlemen who
were able to give it. He took it to be the correct princi-
ple that appropriations should be specific; and that
those who had the administration of them should
rigidly confine them to the objects for which they
were appropriated. As he understood the first bill,
it placed it in the power of the Secretary of the
Navy to dispose of the entire appropriation for
that branch of the service at his own discretion,
which was equivalent to their making one general
appropriation. But the gentleman came forward
with an amendment to that bill, limiting the trans-
fers both as to time and amount; and further took
the power of making them from the Secretary, and
gave it to the President. What was the effect of
this? Why, it would go the country that |200,000
was placed at the discretion of the executive; and
what was it more than a mere accommodation to
him? Would he not have the power to withhold
the money from one object to which it had been
appropriated, and apply it to another to which he
was more favorably disposed? Now, he was en-
tirely opposed to giving this power either to the
President or the departments, and would confinejBk
appropriations to the objects designated by
gress. They had been told that one of the objects
was to give employment to many workmen who had
been discharged for want of money to pay them,
and were now in a state of suffering. Whose fault
was it that they had been discharged? Was it the
fault of Congress, or of the appropriation? By no
means. It was the fault of those who employed
them without the means of paying them.
Mr. PARMENTER rose simply to explain two
points in the gentleman's remarks. One was, that
the power was given to the President, instead of the
Secretary of the Navy; and the other was, that it
would be in the power of the secretary to withhold
appropriations from one object, and apply them to
another to which he was more favorable. To the
first, he would reply that it was the usual form to
give the power to the President; and to the second,
he would say that no power was given to transfer
an appropriation from any object, and apply it to
another, unless the first was completed, and did not
n&d it.
. Mr. MORRIS spoke in favor of the bill, and re-
ferred to several public works which were suffering
for the want-of means to carry them on or protect
them from the weather. He considered the passage
of this bill would be a wise and economical measure.
Mr. C. JOHNSON observed that when this ques-
tion was formerly before the House, he made a few
observations in regard to it, and asked what were the
balances of these appropriations that were to be trans-
ferred. For instance: in the act of the last session,
Congress appropriated one million and a half of dol-
lars for repairs of the navy; and that appropriation,
the Secretary told them, was exhausted, and he
tinue these "repairs. 'Now, before hes gave"life&
tion to this application of these balances*.h| wn&d
to know how this million and/a' half had been'.gbfr.
pended. The Secretary told them that he had "ex-
pended this irtillion and a half for repairs; and asked
for more. We say to him, (continued Mr. J.) thjat
we did not intend that he should have more for this
object, when we appropriated that sum. " But' il -Was
proposed to take the money from appropriations
that had been made for other objects, " Now, oh
looking at this bill, he found that $100,000 had been
appropriated for the navy-yard at Pensacola, and an
appropriation for the New York navy-yard, which
had not been expended, the Secretary wanted tb ap-
ply to other objects.
Mr". PARMENTER called the attention of "the
gentleman from Tennessee to the clause of this bill
which prohibits the transfer of certeiin balances.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said that did not change his
argument. He charged that appropriations made
for the pay of crews, &e., when on service, had
been transferred to other branches; and, when the
sailors came back, and claimed their pay, another
appropriation was necessary. He contended that
some restraint should be put on the- heads of de-
partments, and he hoped the House would not pass
this bill.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL would be very glad to
hand over the Secretaries to the tender mercies of
the gentleman from Tennessee; but he could not see
any good reason why they should nip themselves,
or stop the navy, and turn the poor workmen adrift
in the midst of winter.
Conceding that there had been mismanagement on
the part of the Secretaries, yet everybody knew that
it would be three months before provision could be
made for the branches to which it is now sought to
make this transfer, in the general appropriation bill;
and if this bill were not passed, the men would be
punished for the faults of the Secretaries.
Mr. MURPHY, with great respect for the expe-
rience of his friend from Tennessee, [Mr. C. John-
son,] confessed that he could not see the force of the
objection which that gentleman urged against the
passage of this bill. The gentleman from Tennes-
see, in reply to the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Parmenter,] m favor of this
transfer to the repairs and increase department, said
that injustice might be done to those who were of
right the recipients of that appropriation. Now, as
he (Mr. M.) read the bill before the committee, he
was of opinion that provision was made to obviate
every injustice. The honorable gentleman read an
extract from the bill in support of his position.
Gentlemen, however, argued as if this was a new
mode of proceeding; but he said, in reply, that, since
1809, there was hardly a time when this power w_as
not given to the heads of departments. In the year
he had mentioned, a general law was passed author-
izing the President, on the application of any of the
Secretaries, to make transfers from one branch of
public expenditure to another; and that law remain-
ed, with slight modifications, until very lately. He
enumerated the periods when Congress had legis-
lated on this subject; and then urged that here they
had the almost uninterrupted practice of the govern-
ment for a long period, and the recommendation of
the President m his message, and of the Secretary
in his report, in favor of the principle laid down in
this bill.
But this was not a measure to give employment
simply to a few men. He knew well that, in one of
the navy-yards of the United States, there was a
vessel half coppered, which could be completed and
launched by an expenditure of from $5,000 to §10,-
000; but, if that vessel were allowed to remain in
her unfinished state until the general appropriation
bill was passed, the government would lose more
than would now suffice to complete the coppering.
Some observation was here made to the honora-
ble gentleman, in an under tone, by a member near
him.
Mr. MURPHY replied, if this case did not com-
mend itself to the good sense of the gentleman, he
should not pi-ess it on local grounds. He then went
on to show that the public service would greatly
suffer if specific appropriations were in all cases to
be made, and no transfer were to be allowed.
Mr. ATKINSON said gentleman from the west-
ern States were too much accustomed to look upon
the navy as belonging to the seabord; but he
(Mr. A.) considered it the navy of the East and the
West, the North, and the South. He was a friend
