Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Black.
H. of Reps.
euch provident safeguards for their protection, "they
■might have esoaped the indelible reproach of decree-
ing to the same citizens the hemlock on one day,
and statues on the next."
Sir, there, was wisdom and sound philosophy in
these instructions, which were no more proper to be
duly considered and regarded in the formation of a
constitution than in every species of legislation,
when the same object can be obtained. And the
district system I consider one of those checks and
safeguards which, I trust, will never be abandoned.
I thank the House, Mr. Speaker, for its attentive
hearing. I will trespass no longer upon its patience.
I have given you my views upon this subject. It
was due to myself, to the country, and particularly
to my constituents, that I should do so. I may be
wrong in my opinions. I submit them to your con-
sideration; and in the decision of the House I shall
feel bound to acquiesce.
SPEECH OF MR. BLACK,
of georgia,
la the House of Representatives, February J 2, 1844.—
Being a brief review of the extraordinary ques-
tions of EXPULSION and CENSURE, as con-
nected with the action of Congress thereon. The
immediate question being on the following renolu-
tion, reported by the majority of the Committee
on Privileges and Elections:
"Resolved, That the second section of 'All act for
the apportionment of representatives among the sev-
eral States, according to the sixth census,' approved
June 25,1842, is not a lam made in pursuance of the
constitution of the United States, and valid, opera-
tive, and binding upon the States.
Sir, (said Mr. BLACK,) the question involved in
the negative of the resolution now under considera-
tion, is one purely of "EXPULSION." It is not, as
has been asserted, an ordinary case of privilege,
affecting the mere personal rights of members in this
hall; it goes directly to their representative charac-
ter, and strikes at their official existence. If the
resolution on your table be passed in the negative,
the result must be expulsion from this House of
twenty-one members, the full delegations from Mis-
souri, Mississippi, Georgia, and .Vf-a: Hampshire; and
in this light 1 shall treat it. If no other interests
than those personal to myself were at stake m this
contest, I should probably be a silent spectator, and
trouble you with neither my speech, nor my vote;
but representing, as I conceive I do, on this sub-
ject, the whole people of Georgia, without respect to
political divisions, I am bound, by every tie which
connects the representative to his constituent, to pro-
test against the effort which is now being made by
the whig party to deprive four sovereign States of
their representation on this floor. However the
people of Georgia may differ in opinion—however
variant their theories may be, with regard to the dis-
trict and general-ticket systems, there has been
no difference among them in their practice at the
polls. In 1849, notwithstanding the existence of
the apportionment act, the second section of which
requires the members of this House to be chosen
by single districts, both parties in Georgia, with-
out scruple or hesitation, nominated and voted for a
general ticket, of eight candidates. At that elec-
tion the democratic party carried their whole ticket
triumphantly; but before the assembling of the 28tli
Congress, to which it had been elected, two vacan-
cies occurred in it, and again in October of 1843, the
people ran their candidates for these vacancies upon
another general ticket. In that contest, it being a mere
special election, the whigs succeeded. Nay, sir, so
far from making any practical demonstration in
favor of this 2d section, even so late as January,
1844, the whigs and democrats of Georgia met at
the polls a third time upon the same general system,
in a contest to supply yetanother vacancy which had
taken place in the delegation. At these two bve-
elections, our opponents, having ''oiimiand of the
cities and villages, the highways, and crossroads,
managed, some how or other, to elect their men; and
what is more than that, the representatives so
elected are all here, actually occupying their
seats, and participating in the action of the House.
It is true, that the whigs, at a convention previous-
ly held at Milledgeville for the purpose of nomi-
nating their candidate, had made, what was regarded
by many at the time, a very curious exposition, by
way of preamble and resolutions, of their views and
opinions of this district clause of the apportionment
act. I regret that I have been unable to procure a
copy of these resolutions; if I had them by me, they
should be read to the House to show, in their own
language, with what extraordinary dexterity our
opponents shape their means to the end, and man-
age to maintain in theory what they condemn in
practice. I think, however, they solemnly resolve
to sustain this district clause; and, for that laudable
purpose, determine that the whig party in Georgia
will' stick to the old general ticket, and run their
candidates upon it! As I speak from memory, I
may be mistaken in what I have said of this whig
exposition of theory and practice; if I am, perhaps
some one of my honorable colleagues can correct
me.
Mr. Stephens was understood to say that his
colleague was in error; that the convention to which
he alluded was held before the passage of the appor-
tionment act. There was, however, a convention
of his party held after the passage' of the law ot
Congress; hut it was for the purpose of nominating
candidates to fill the vacancies which had occurred
since the general election, and that the sentiments
he had expressed on this subject the other day he
expressed in that convention, and they were circu-
lated throughout the State.
Mr. Black said that might be so, and probably
his colleague was right in his statement as to the
time, at which the fust whig convention sat. How-
ever, it is enough for my purpose to know that the
gentleman and his political friends did assemble at
Milledgville after the passage of tills act. It makes
no difference whether they met to nominate a full
ticket of eight, or only one or two candidates, to fill
vacancies winch had occurred: the principle is
still the same; and I have no doubt but that my
colleague is right as to the time, for I believe he was
a member of the convention, and probably had some
hand in this notable adjustment of profession and
practice. He says, too, that his views in favor of
the "second section" were known to the convention
and throughout the State; and leaves us to infer
that his election is proof of a coincidence of opinion
between himself and a majority of the State. But,
sir, my other honorable colleague, [Mr. Chappell,]
who is and was opposed to the districting clause of
the apportionment bill, was also a member of the
convention, and was also afterwards elected to Con-
gress. His views, 1 presume, were as generally
known to the people as those of the gentleman, and
doubtless were regarded quite as much. Then
the accident of the election by general ticket of my
colleague [Mr. Stephens] is not proof that a major-
ity of the people of Gorgia have given their adhesion
to the consistent resolutions of the whig convention,
nor is it evidence that they resorted to the general
ticket as a means of sustaining the district clause of
the apportionment act. But I am. told that the last
legislature of Georgia distiicted the State; and hence
is drawn another inference that a majority of the
people arc in favor of this second section. It is
true, that not only the last, but the preceding legis-
lature, laid off congressional districts; but it is equal-
ly true that these acts were passed with an eye to
the 29th Congrnss, and not with a view to elect
members by districts to the 28th Congress.
Mr. Stephens asked his colleague if he had seen
the district law of the last legislature' If he had
not—he would inform him, that it also had an eye
to the present Congress.
Mr. Black. I have seen the law, and so far as it
regards this Congress it is wholly provisional.^ It
makes no practical attempt to sustain the act of Con-
gress; but concedes, in effect, the validity of the pre-
vious general election, by requiring any subsequent
election to be made by districts; and that, too, only
m case the House of Representatives should fail to
recognise the "broad seaV ot the State, and expel
her members from their seats. So far then as this
inoperative, inchoate second section is concerned,
I cannot be mistaken when I say, that in opposing
its-recognition here, I am but representing the prac-
tical opinions of both whig and democrat at home.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat it: this is purely a question
of expulsion. It is not a case of contested election,
where both the fact and legality are frequently de-
nied. There is no one here claiming my seat; there
is no contest about the fact of my election. That is
admitted on all hands. I am already a member of
this House, confirmed in all my rights and obliga-
tions as such, by the oath you have administered to
me, with the consent of the House, to support the
constitution of the United States, and by my partici-
pation, without objection from any quarter, in all
your legislative proceedings. I have spoken, and
voted as one of the representatives of Georgia, duly'
ejected and qualified, and have been uniformly re-
ceived by you as such. Then sir, if there is no
one contesting and claiming my seat—if I am a
member, sworn in and recognised, in the full frui-
tion of my representative functions, what must be
the consequence of sustaining- the second section of
the apportionment actf Most assuredly it must
result in • vacating my seat; and that ear^ be accom-
plished only by my expvlswn. If this was an ordi-
nary case of a contested election, your judgment
either for or against me, would not vacate the seat.
If it was for me, I would retain it—if against me, my
compettitor would, in legal contemplation, . immedi-
ately occupy it. There would be no intemgnam—
no period of time, however short in duration,
when the State 'of Georgia would be unrepresent-
ed on this floor. It is true, that sometimes
you have sent aspirants for the honors of this hall
back to the people. In that case the seat does not
become vacant by the act of this House; the people
themselves have failed to elect. If, however, the
report of the minority, sustaining the district clause
of die apportionment law be confirmed, the seats of
the twenty-one general-ticket members are vacated
by your own vote. There would be no vacancies
by deaths or resignations; no competitors ready to
continue the representation of these States; but so
far as the House of Representatives is concerned,
Georgia, Mississippi, Missouri, and New Hamp-
shire would be totally out of the Union; and,"to all
intents and purposes, expelled therefrom by the
vote of a bare majority of this House.
Sir, this power of expulsion is a dangerous, fear-
ful, and extraordinary prerogative. It levels, at
"one fell swoop," the rights of the constituent and
the representative. It is a power behind the throne
greater than the throne itself, and converts popular
elections injo farce and mockery. Before its perva-
ding force, that great American right of the people
to choose their own representatives dwindles into an
empty form; and self-government, no longer a
"fixed fact," ceases to be even an argument, and
vanishes into theory and abstraction. The people
have believed that their power of election (which is
but the abstraction of "self-government" reduced to
practice) was, under the constitution, ultimate as
well as primary; but they are now to be .taught that,
like the executive and Senate, their voice at the
polls is but an inchoate nomination, while we usurp
to ourselves the right, in the last resort, of confirm-
ing or annuling it. Thus the creator is subjected to
the creature, and the servant usurps that power of
confirming representatives which rightfully belongs
alone to the master. For what boots it that the peo-
ple of Georgia should go through the formality of a
popular election, if the man* they have chosen to
represent them may be stiipped of his trust, and
expelled from this hall, by the votes of mere repre-
sentatives, for any cause other than the single one
prescribed in the second clause of the 5th section of
the first article of the constitution? I admit that
there are certain prerequisites of eligibility named in
the constitution, and that they are imperative. The
absence of them, however, could only operate to
prevent, in advance, the occupation ot a seat—not
to vacate one already occupied by an incumbent,-who
is admitted, on all hands, to "have attained to the
age' of twenty-five years, and been seven years a
citizen of the United States," and "an inhabitant of
that State in which he shall be chosen."
These are the only constitutional qualifications of
eligibility; and in this case it is not objected that we
have failed to comply with any of them. If, then,
representatives constitutionally "apportioned" and
qualified, duly elected and sworn into office, do not
die, or resign, I hold that this House is totally in-
competent to expel them, unless it be for "disorder-
ly behaviorand then only by. vote of two-thirds.
That, sir, is the single cause of expulsion known
to the constitution; and so jealous were the framers
of our government of intrusting this extraordinary
power to Congress, that they required a vote of tico-
thirds to effect it.
"Each House may determine the rules of its
proceedings, punish its members for disorderly be-
haviour, and, with the concurrence of two-thirdr,
expel a-member."—Sec. 5, art. 1st, Con. U. S.
Expel him! for what? For' "disorderly beha-
vior" 011%. If this restricted reading be abandon-,
ed, you open the door to a construction which will
give Congress the power to expel, for any and every
cause which, in their discretion, may be judged suf-
ficient to merit it; and, in nine cases out often, that
would amount to just no cause at all. For instance,
