Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
203
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Black.
ally: and you must by no means say anything in favorof Haw-
kms; but, as often as you can, with safety to yourself, you
may teach the Creeks to believe he is no better than he should
be. Any power or consequence he gets will he against our
plan. Perhaps Rogers, who has no office to lose, Is the best man
to giveout talks against Hawkins. Read t)ie letter to Rogers;
ami, if you think it best to send it to him, puta wafer in it, and
forward it to him by a safe hand; or perhaps you had best send
for him to come to you, and sp-jak to him yourself respecting
the state and prospect of things.
'I have advised you, in v\ hateveryou do, to take care of your-
self. I have now to tell you to take care M me too; foradiscov-
ery of the plan would prevent the success, and much injure all
paities concerned.
'It may be that the commissioners may not run the line as the
Indians expect or wish; and, in that case, )t is probable the In.
diansmay be taught to blame me for m.iking the treaty. To
such complaints against me, it such there are, it*may be said
by my friends, at proper times ,and places, that Doublehead
confirmed the treaty with the President, at Philadelphia, and
receives as much as five thousand dollars a year, to be paid
to the nation, over and atove the first price: indeed, it may
wuh truth be said, that, though I made the treaty, I made it
by the instructions of the President and, in fact, it may with
ti uth be said that I was, by the President, instructed to pur-
chase much more land than the Indians would agree to sell.
Xhia sou of talk will bo throwing all the blame off me upon
i he late President; and, as he is now out of office, it will be
ol no consequence how much the Indians blame him. And
among other things that may be said lor me, is, that I was
not at the running of the line, and that, if I had been, it
would have been run more to their satisfaction. In short,
you understand the subject, and must take care to give out
the proper talks, to keep up my consequence with the Creeks
and Ciierokees. Can't Rogers contrive to get the Cjeeks to
destre the President to take Hawkins out of the nation? for,
if he stays m the Creek nation, an.! gets the good will of the
naion, he can and will do great injury to our plan. When
you have read this letter over thiee tunes, then burn it. I
shall be at Knoxville in July or August, when I will send for
Watts, and give him the \vlii6key I pi*omised him.
'I am, «fec.,
'WILLIAM BLOUNT.'
"Two senators now present in the Senate have declared to
the committee that they are well acquainted with the hand-
writing of Mr. Blount, and have no doubt that this letter
was wnuen by him. Your committee have examined many
liters from Mr. illount to the Secretary of War—a number
of which are herewith submitted—as well as the letter address*
e<J by Mr. Blount to Mr. Cocke, his colleague in the Senate,
aid to ibis committee, respecting the business now under con-
sideration, and find them all to be of the same handwriting with
the letter in quesiion. Mr. Blount has never denied this letter;
but, on the other hand, when the copy transmitted to the Sen-
ate was read in his presence, on the 3d instant, he acknowl-
edged, in his place, that he had wiitten a letter to Carey, of
wh eb he had preserved a copy, but could not then decide
whether the copy read was a true one. Your commiueeare
therefoie fully persuaded that the original letter now produced
was written and sent to Caiey by Mr. Blount. They aleo find
that thie;m&n, Carey, to whom it was addressed, is, to die knowl-
edge of Mi. Blount, in the pav and employment of the United
btates, as their interpreter to the Cherokee nation of Indians,
arid an assistant in the public factoiy at Teltieo Blockhouse.
That Hawkins, who is so often mentioned in this lefer oe a per-
son who must be brought into suspicion amongthe Creeks, and,
if possible, driven from his station, is the superintendent of
Indian affaire for the United states among the southern Indians;
Dmsmore is aseht for the United States, in the Cherokee na.
tion; anil Kycrs, one of the agents m the public faciory at Tel-
lico Blockhouse.
'•The plan hirted at in this extraordinary letter, to be exe-
cuted undei the auspices of the British isso capable of differ-
ent constructions and conjectures, that your committee at pres-
ent foibear eivine any decided opinion respecting it, except
that to Mr. Blount's own mind it appeared to be inconsistent
with the tnterests of the United S'ates and of Spain; and he
was therefore anxious to conceal it from both. Hut, wtvn they
consider hisaitempte to stdwe Carey fiom hi? du'y, as a faith-
ful interpreter, and toemploy him as an engine to alienate the
affections and confidence of the Indians from the public of-
ficereol the United states lestdmg among them; the measures
he has proposed to excite a temper which must produce the
lecalor expulsion ol our superintendent fiom the Creek nation;
his uibiduuis advice tending 10 theadvanceuientof his own pop.
nUnty and consequence, at the expense and hazaid o the good
opini >n which the Indians entertain of this government, and
of the treaties subsisting between us and them,—your commit-
tee hav > no Jouhl that Mr. Blount's conduct hd& been inconsist-
ent wuh his public du:y, rend<rs hint unworthy of a further
continuance of his present public trust in this body, a'd amounts
toa high misdemeanor. Tiny, theiefore, unanimously rrcom-
mend to the Senate an adoption of the following resolution:
"Resolved, That William Blount, esquire, oneof the senators
of the United States, having been guilty of a high misdemeanor,
entirely inconsistent with btP pubiic tmst and duty asasenator,
be, and heheieby is, expelled fiom the Senate of the United
States."
The report was adopted—yeas 25, nay 1.
The yeas and naysbeing required by one-fiftb of the senators
pr'sent,
Those who voted in the affirmative are—
Messrs Bingham, Blnodworth, Bradford, Brown, Cocke, Fos-
ter, Goodhue, Gunn, Henry, Ilillhouse, Howard, Hunter, Lati
mer, Liurence, Livermore, Martin, Marshall, Read. Robs, Ru-
therford, Sedgwick, Tattnall, Tichenor, Tracy, and Vming.
Mr. Tazewell voted in the negative.
So it was
Resolved, That William Blount, esquire, one of the senators
of ihe United States, having been guilty of a high misdemeanor,
entirely inconsistent with his public trust and duty as a sena-
tor, be, and he hereby is, expelled from the Senate of the United
States.
Tims, Mr. Speaker, you perceive the Senate, in
1797, expelled William Blount for a "plan" only
"hinted at'? m a letter, and which they characterized
as "so capable of different constructions and con-
jecturcs that they forebore to give "any dccidcd
H. of Eeps.
opinion respecting it!" A plan, not reduced to ac-
tion—a "hint"—a surmise, a mere inuendo, intangi-
ble even to construction and conjecture; so vague,
indefinite, and impalpable that the Senate could not,
after the laborious researches of a committee, give
it "a local habitation and a name,"—was the pretext
assumed for their extraordinary decision. Sir, is
not this a most apt illustration of the dangerous
consequences which must unavoidably result from
your exercise of this power for any other than the
constitutional cause of "disorderly behavior?" The
moment you cut yourself loose from that sheet-an-
chor, you are inevitably cast among shoals and
quicksands, whence your only hope of extrication
may be plans and hints, respecting which even your
constructions and conjectures will be inadequate to
enable you to form "any decided opinion." Then,
the fixed and narrow limitations of the constitution
will no longer present a barrier to the interests, feel-
ings, and prejudices of legislators; in lieu of them,
we shall have the variable opinions of majorities as
a sort of "sliding scale," by which the rights of
representatives are to be adjusted, and "the "glorious
uncertainty of the law" will no longer be confined to
the imperishable pages of Shakspeare. This "plan,"
whatever it may have been, was unquestionably the
gist of. the proceedings against Mr. Blount; for his
alleged seduction of Carey from his duty as a faith-
ful interpreter, which is not shown by his letter,
the measures wherewith he proposed to induce the
recall of the agent Hawkins, and his insidious ad-
vice tending to advance his own popularity, &c.,
were but elements of a design so dim as to be whol-
ly inscrutable to the searching eye of an investiga-
ting committee. But, suppose they were true, aid
they constitute, separately or collectively, a crime
for which an indictment would lie? Would a petit
jury convict for them? According to the original
precedent in Humphrey Marshall's case, he was en-
titled to trial by a jury; and the fact that he never
was tried, or convicted of them, is prima facie
evidence that these acts, were not such as
constitute a crime punishable by law. But
the Senate expelled him for them; and, in so doing,
decided that a man, for seeking his own popularity,
and exhibiting signs of hostility to a treaty, de-
served to pay the retribution of involuntary exile
from the counciiis of this country. If this is to be
law now, what would become of a certain honora-
ble senator, who,"at a single sitting, thundered out a
speech, of many columns in the Globe, against the
celebrated Ashburton treaty? And if, seeking one's
popularity, even although it may be at the expense
of ail Indian treaty, was matter of expulsion from
tlis Senate, solitude might reign where virtue,
knowledge, and eloquence are now predominant.
Error is said to be cumulative; it begets its like;
and the first false step of expelling fol' cause, other
than "disorderly behavior," led, as it ever will, to
the alarming consequences and results exhibited in
this report and resolution, which usurped the rights,
and abruptly terminated the official existence of
William Blount.
Not long afterwards, in 1798, while Congress
sat m Philadelphia, the case of Mathew Lyon, a
representative from Vermont, engaged the attention
of the House of Representatives. It was investi-
gated, considered, and debated at great length, and
gave rise to warm feelings and deep excitement.
Even in this instance, however, where the House
had an undoubted right under the constitution to ex-
pel by a vote of two-thirds, the resolution which
was introduced for that purpose passed in the nega-
tive.—See House Journal, 5th Congress, 154, passim
178-9; and 1st vol. Miscel. Slate Papers, p. 188.
House Journal, 5th Congress.
On Tuesday, January 30, 179S, a member, in his place—lo
wit: Samuel Sewall, from Massachusetts informed the House
that he had a communication to make, which, he conceived,
ought to be keptsecret.
The House being then cleared of all persons except the mem-
bers and the cierk:
The saidi Samuel bewail stated in his place, ''That he had been
infotmed, in a manner which, in his opinion, left no doubt of the
truth of the fact, that, in the presence of the House, while sitting,
Matthew Lyon, a member from Vermont, did, this day, commit
a violent, attack,'and gross indecency u?on the person ofR ger
Griswold, another member of this House." And that he had
prepared a motion thereupon for the consideration of the
House, which he delivered in at the clerk's table, where the
same was read.
The question was then taken, in the words following, to wit:
^'Poes the matter so communicated by the member in his
place, require secrfcyT' and passed in the negative, hy an
unanimous vote ol the House: Whereupon,
Toe galleries of the Hm-« being opened,
The House j>roceeded to consider the mo'ion made by the
member from Massachusetts, and the same being a^air) read, in
the words following, ro wit:
'•ilfsolved, "Pat Matthew Lyon, * member qf this How
for a violent attack and gross indecency committed upon the
person of Roger Griswold, another member, in the presence of
this House, while sitting, be, for this disorderly behavior, ex«
polled therefrom."
It was moved and seconded that the eaid motion be referred
to a committee, to be denominated "The Committee of Privi-
leges," with instruction to inquire into the whole matter there*
ol, and to icport the same, with their opinion thereon, to the
House.
And the question being taken thereupon,
It was resolved in the affirmative—yeas 49, nays 44,—Page
154.
Ordered, That Mr, Pinckney, Mr. Venable, Mr. Kittera,
Mi. Isaac Parker, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Cochran,and Mr.
Dent, be the eaid Committee ofPrivileges.
On a motion made and seconded that the House do come to -
the following resolution:
'■Resolved, That this House will consider it a hierh breach
of privilege, if either of the members shall enter into any per-
sonal contest, until a decision of the House shall be had
thereon."
A motion was made, and the question being put, to amend
the same, by adding to the end thereof, theiollowing words:
"And that the said Matthew Lyon be considered in custody of
the sergeant-at-arms, until the lunher order ol the House."
It passed in the negative—yeas 29, nays 62.—-Poge 155.
And then the main question being taken, that me House do
agree to the said motion as ongir ally proposed.
It was resolved in theaffirmative —Page 156.
Report on breach of privileges. Communicated to the
House, of Representatives February 2, 1798
Mr. Venable, from the Committee of-Pnvileges, to whom
was referred a resolution of the 30th January, charging Mat-
thew Lyon with disorderly behavior, with instructions to in-
quire into the whole matter thereof, and to report the same,
with their opinion thereon, to the House, having examined sev-
eral witnesses on oath, touching the subject, reported*
That, during the sitting of the House of Repiesentatives, on
the30th day of January, 1798. the tellers of the House being en-
gaged in counting the ballots for manage!s of the'impeachment
against William B mint, the Speaker had left Ins chair, and ma-
ny members their seats, as 19 usual on euch occasions; the
Speaker was sitting in one of the member*' seats, next to the
t>ar of the House, and several members near him, of whom Mr.
Giiewold was one.
Mr. Lyon was standing without the bar of the House, leaning
on the same, and holding a conversation with the Speaker; he
spoke loud enough to be heard by all those who were near him,
as if he intended to be heard by them. The sublet of hie con-
versation was the conduct of the representatives ol the State of
Connecticut, (of whom Mr. Griswold was one,) Mr Lyon de
clared that they acted in opposition to the mteicst and opinions
of nine-tonths of their constituents; that they were pursuing
their own private views, without regarding the interests of the
people of that State; that they were seeking offices, whi< hthey
were willing to accept, whether yielding nine thousand or one
thousand dollars. He further observed that the people of that
State were blinded and deceived by those representatives; that
they were permitted to sec butone side of the question iri poli-
tics, being lulled asleep by (he opiates which the members from
that State administered to them; wuh other expressions, equal-
ly tending to derogate from the political integrity of .the repre*
sentattves of the State ol Connecticut.
On Mr.'Lyon's observing, that if he should go into Connecti-
cut, and manage a press theie  ix months, although the people
of ihat State were not fond of revolutionary principles, he
could effort a revolution, and turn out the present repiesenta-
lives, Mr. Griswold replied to these remarks, and, among other
thing", said,' If yon go into Connecticut, vouhad better wear
your wooden sword," or words to that effect, alluding to Mr.
Lyon's having been cashiered m the army.
Mr, Lyon did not notice this allusion at this time. j)ut contin-
ued the conversation on the same pubjec*. Mr. <JiTswnld then
led his scat, and snood next to Mr. Lyon, leaning on the bar, be-
ing outsideof the same.
On Mr. Lyon'a saying that he knew the people of Connecticut
well, having lived anions them mat y years, that he had Ire*
quently had occasion to fisht them in Ins own dMiict, and that
he never tailed to convince them. Mr Griswold a*krd if he
fought 1 hem with his wooden sword; on which Mr Lyon spat
in hi* (ace.
The committee, having attentively considered lii-i foregoing
state of facts, andhnving heard Mr. Lyon in his defence, are of
opinion that his conduct in tht* transaction was highly indecor-
ous, and unworthy of a member of this House—ftliacelianeous
State Papers, Vol. 1, p. 166
House Journal, 5th Congress.
Monday Feb. 12,1799 —The House then proceeded to con-
sider the t-aid report ot the Committee of Piiviltgts, at the
clet k's table* Whereupon,
The resolution contained therein, as amended by the Com-
mittee ofthe Whole-House, being undir consideration, in the
wdfrds following, tow t:
"Rt'S <lveds That Matthew Lyon, a member of this House,
for a violent attack ami sross indeccucy commuted upon the
pereon of Roger Gi ixwold, another member, in the presence of
this House, while sitting; and for gross indecency of language,
in making his defence before the Committee of the Whole
House, be, for this disorderly behavior, expelled there-
from."
A motion was made and seconded to amend the same, by
striking out the words ' be. for this dis'ordei hj behaviour, ex'
■pelled therefromand insertiug in lieu thereof the words
'•is highly censurable, and that he be reprimanded by the Speak-
er in the presenceofthe House."
And on tbeqnestion that the House do agree to the said amend-
ment,
it passed in the negative—yeas 44, nays 52.~~Pagc 177.
And then the mam question being taken, that the House do
agiee to the said resolution, as reported from the Committee of
th«* Whole House,
There appeared—yeas 52>nays44.— rage 178.
And so the said resolution w<ts rejected—-two thirds of the
members present not concurring in their agreement to the
same.—Page 179.
During the progress of this investigation, amo-
tion was made to include Mr. Griswold in the resc -
lution of expulsion: but it failed. Aria-subsequent.
