204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Black.
H. of Reps.
. ly, a motion was made that the rioters be icensured
by the House; and even that passed in the nega-
tive.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, ended a case which, above
all others that have ever occurred, presented a legiti-
mate and most opportune, occasion, for exercising
this power, as a conservative'element of the govern-
ment. Here was the constitutional - cause itself,
accompanied by circumstances of great aggravation;
a furious personal combat between two members in
the presence of the House, originated by insults
which, if tolerated, would be destructive of all or-
der and decorum in the national legislature. The
Speaker himself, Johnathan Payton, of New Jer-
sey, as the testimony shows, refused to call the
House to order, although often solicited, during the
fight, to do so; but, standing by, having left the
chair, instead of assisting to separate the combat-
ants, actually denounced two members who had
seized Mr. Griswold by the legs, with the view of
effecting that pacific object. Mr. Elmendorf, a
member of the House, .who gave evidence before
the Committee of the Whole, in relation to this mat-
ter, testifies that he "called out to part them. That
he heard the same cry from behind the chair, and
also the opposite cry from others, not to part them.
Mr. Havens and himself each took hold of Mr.
Griswold's legs, and he thought, together, drew him
off from Mr. Lyon. At the same time he thought
he saw others having hold of Mr. Lyon. When
the Speaker observed Mr. Havens and himself tak-
ing hold of Mr. Griswold, he, [the Speaker,] with ap-
parent warmth, as if thereby to prevent their interfer-
ing, called out, in substance, as nearly as he could re-
collect, "What! take hold of a man by the legs! that is
noway to take hold of him.''1 Mr. Stanford swore
that the Speaker, standing on the steps of his desk,
said, that it was either unfair, or ungentlemanly, to
take a man thus by the legs! That Gen. McDowell-
then observed, that he (the Speaker) had acted his
part of the business," &c.—1st vol. Miscet. State Pa-
pers p. 177—178.
But, sir, notwithstanding this high misdemeanor,
which it seems was not confined to Lyon and
Griswold, so loth was the House to deprive, by
their edict, a representative of the rights conferred
on him by his constituents, that with all the efforts
made to expel the parties for "disorderly beha-
vior," the House refused to vote either that, or the
secondary and inferior punisement of censure.
The fourth attempt at expulsion was brought be-
fore the House of Representatives on the 22d of
February, 1799, by the following resolution, which
was the first effort, as far as I can ascertain, to in-
flict, by legislative action, a penalty for an offence
against the provisions of the celebrated Sedition law.
You will find it in House Journal, 5th and 6th Con-
gress, pp. 487, 488.
The House resumed the consideration of ihe molion of the
twentieth instant, li>r the expulsion of Mntthew Lyon, a mem*
ber for the State ol Vermont; and the said motion being again
read m the words following, to wn:
' Resotoedy That Mauhtw Lyon, a member of the House,
liaviug been convicted of being a malicious and teditious per-
son, and of a depraved mind, and wicked and diabolical diepo-
sitton; and of wickedly, deceitlul,and by maliciously contriving
to defame the government of the United States, and John
A ams, the President of the United States, and lo bring the
said government and President into contempt anddispuie; and
with intent and design to excite against the said government
and Pr feident, the hatred of the good people of the United
Slates; and tostlr up sedition m the Un'ted States, wickedly,
knowingly, and maliciously written and published certain
scandalous and malicious writings or Jibels, be, therefore, ex
peJIed thig House."
And, the question being taken theieupon,
There appeared—yeas 49, nays 45.
This resolution, not receiving the support of two-
thirds of the members present, was passed in the
negative, notwithstanding Lyon was surrounded by
hosts of federalists, who doubtless remembered.,
with no little bitterness, that he had previously (on
the 29th November, 1797) moved the House thathe
"be excused from attending with the members of the
House in presenting the address to the President of
the United States, [John Adams,J in answer to his
speech to both Houses of Congress." Upon this
the previous question was called; but the House re-
fused to put the main question.—See House Journal,
5tk and (yth Congress, p. 92.
The fifth case of attempted expulsion occurred in
the Senate of the United States on the 29th of No-
vember, 1807. You will find it in Senate Journal,
10th Congress, vol. 4, pp. 197, 203.
The Hon X.hn Smith, from the State olOhio, attended.
Uo motion, the following resolution, having been amendei',
was agreed to:
Resolved, That & committee be appoint^ to inquire
whether it be compatible with the honor and privileges of this
House that John Smith, a senator from thcS'ate of Ohio,
against whom billsof indictment were found at the circuitcoui t
of Virginia,"held at Richmond in.August last, for treason and
misdemeanor, should be permitted any longer to have a seat
therein; and that the committee do inquire into all the facte re-
gaidtng the conduct of Mr. Smith as an alleged associate of Aa-
ron Burr, and report rhe same to the Senau; and
Ordered. That Messis. Adams, A^aclay, Franklin, Smith, of
Maryland, Pope, Thruston, and Anderson, be the committee.
Saturday, Ajmhl 9, 1808.
Agreeably to the order of the bay, the Senate resumed the
resolution reportedby the committee appointed on the 7th of
November last, to consider the subject—to wit:
Resolved, That John Smith, a senator from the State of Ohio,
by his participation in the conspnacy of Aaron Burr, asawst
the pf ace, union, and liberties, of the people of the United States,
has been guilty of conduct incompatible with his duty and sta-
tion as a senator of the United States; and that he be therelor,
and hereby is, expelled from the Senate ofthe United States,
And on the question to agree to the resolution, it was deter-
mined in the negative, two-thirds of thesenatois present not.
concurring therein—yeas 19 nays 10.
Those who voted in the affirmative are—
Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Gondit, Crawford, Franklin, Gail-
laid, Gilman, Gregg, Kitchel, Maclay, Mathewson, Milledge
Moore, Robinson, Smith, of Maryland, Smith, of Tennessee,
Sumter, Tiffin, and Turner.
Those who voted in the negative are—
Messrs. Giles, Goodrich, Hillhouse, Howland, Pickering,
Pope, Reed, Smith, of New York, Thruston, and White.
On the 27th November, 1807, Mr. Adams, (I pre-
sume the same gentleman who is now a representa-
tive from Massachusetts,) made, as chairman of the
committee previously appointed, a voluminous and
specious report, accompanied by the resolution iust
quoted. It is to be found in the 1st vol. Misc. Am.
State Papers, 701; and its perusal, I have no doubt,
will satisfy the most sceptical of the positive aver-
sion, and downright hatred, entertained by thathon-
orable gentleman (at least, in those days) of Aaron
Burr, and all sorts of treason. The report is too long
to be inserted here; but it is curious to remark that,
almost in the very outset of it, the chairman makes
the ingenuous confession that "the committee have
never conceived themselves invested with authority
to try Mr. Smith." They however go on, and argue
the case very profoundly and patriotically against
Col. Burr and treason; and ever and anon, rest upon
their pauses to sneer at "a court of common law,
with its pace of snail," wherein "a puncture of dif-
ference," and "the abused benignity of general
maxims," have too frequently remitted to criminals
the "forfeiture of their lives." They protest against
"the crutches of judicial tribunals as an apology for
crippling the congressional power of expulsion"—a
power which they very aptly denominate a "censo-
rial authority;" and cavalierly dismiss "judicial
forms," and "the tardy process of judicial tribunals,"
as an intolerable interference with that "discretiona-
ry" and "summary" power of jumping to the con-
clusion of expulsion. Having cleared away these
cobwebs of the snail-paced law, and thrust aside
"the curtain of artificial rules," they again throttle
Aaron Burr, (at that time, a dead cock in the pit,)
and handle him very roughly. They convict him,
at once, through what they call "the daylight of evi-
dence," of "crimes before which ordinary treason
whitens into virtue—crimes of which war is the
mildest feature"—of the projected debauchment of
our army—the proposed plunder and devastation
of our own and foreign territories—the anticipated
dissolution of our national Union—and of being the
embryo root of interminable civil war. All this, as-
tonishing as it may appear at this late day, brought
them to the "discretionary"and "sttmman/" conclusion,
that the unfortunate John Smith (because a grand jury
at Richmond, in Virginia, had found a true bill
against him on ex parte testimony) was guilty of
participating in the designs of the aforesaid TSurr, to
whom they give another kick by way of parting
anathema. The result was astonishing, "That John
Smith, a senator from the State of Ohio, by his par-
ticipation in the conspiracy of Aaron Burr against
the peace, union, and liberties, of the people of the
United States, has been guilty of conduct incompati-
ble with his duty and station as a senator of the
United States; and that he be, therefore, and here-
by is, expelled from the Senate of the United States."
Two-thirds of the senators present, however, did
vote for this "summary" and "discretionary" reso-
lution, and the unfortunate hiatus, created by the
verdict of acquittal m Burr's case, was never filled
up by the "censorial authority," with thrusting his
assumed associate out of the councils of the nation.
The last case I can find of this "discretionary"
"censorial authority" transpired in this hall, on the
21st February, 1839, when Mr. Prentiss of Missis-
sippi moved the expulsion of the honorable Alexan-
der Duncan, then, as now, a representative from the
State of Ohio.—House Journal, 3d sess., 35th Congress,
pp. 618, 632. On the 22d of the same month, this
moticta was superseded by a resolution of censure,
offered by Mr.. ThompsonThe House, however,
thrust aside the-whole of these "discretionary" pro-
ceedings, which appear to have been elicited by a
publication in the Globe newspaper, and which, at
the time, was deemed to be somewhat personal
to members of Congress. This publication,
signed by A. Duncan, is to be found in the
journal as above quoted, and can be referred to by
those who may be desirous of knowing the nature
of the offence charged against the Ohio representa-
tive/ The priginal resolution to expel was aban-
doned, and even that of censure, which was offered as
a substitute, was lost by the decided and triumphant
vote of 117 to 95, by which it was laid on the table.
And thus, Mr. Speaker, ends the catalogue of the
various efforts which have been made to put this
"censorial authority" into execution. It was to be
hoped that the whig party would have taken warn-
ing by the past, and forborne to risk their political
character upon the disorganizing and tyrannical doc-
trines which lie at the bottom of these expulsive pro-
ceedings. But, sir, I will not stop, at this time, to
dilate on the hardihood of error which seems to mark
their course. The authentic and documentary his-
tory I have I have just given you is the best com-
mentary on their attempt to expel, by the vote of a
bare majority, twenty-one members of this House,
against whom there is no charge of "disorderly beha-
vior."
, The next grade of punishment arising from the
exercise of this "censorial authority" is that of ce?i-
sure. I have not examined the records of the Sen-
ate on this subject; but so far as I am informed, I
know of no case of this kind in that body. Passing
over the inciden'al questions of that character which
I have already noticed in the cases of Lyon, Gris-
wold; and Duncan, I come to the resolutions of cen-
sure on John Quincy Adams, moved in this House
on the 25th January, 1842, by Thomas F. Marshall
of Kentucky. (See Home journal, 2d session 27th
Congress, 278 passim 315.) These resolutions, illus-
trated and illuminated by the preamble which her-
alded them to the House, but verifies the old maxim
that "the devil will get his own at last;" for you will
recognise the proposed culprit in this case to be the
same personage, who in 1807, lorded it, as censor,
over the hapless John Smith. "Curses like chickens
will come home to roost;" and the "poisoned
chalice," so bravely tendered by "the aforesaid
John Cluincy Adams" to the lips of the Ohio sena-
tor, was now commended to his own; and, as if to
fill the measure of his griefs to overflowing, the pre-
meditated infliction was to be administered by the
hand of a brother whig. Where then were the ana-
themas uttered long ago in Smith's case against the
snail paced law, against judicial forms, and the tardy
process of judicial tribunals? How lustily it was
complained that these resolutions of censure involved
crimes punishable by law! But, sir, I am anticipating.
Let us read the preamble and resolutions—they speak
for themselves. I vouch not for the truth or false-
hood ofthe charges they make, simply besause it is
not necessary for the purposes of this argument
that they should be either affirmed or denied.
"January 25, 1842. The question recurred on
the resolution [of censure] moved by Mr. Gilmer;
when a motion was made by Mr. Thomas F. Mar-
shall to amend the same, by substituting in lieu
thereof the following preamble and resolutions:
" Whereas The federal constitution is a permanent
form of government, and of perpetual obligation until
altered or modified in the mode pointed out by that
instrument, and the members of this House deriving
their political character and powers from the same",
are sworn to support it, and the dissolution of the
Union necessarily implies the destruction of that
instrument, the overthrow of the American republic,
and the extinction of our national existence; a
proposition therefore to the representatives of the
people to dissolve the organic law framed by their
constituents, and to support which they are com-
manded by those constituents to be sworn, before
they can enter upon the execution of the political
powers created by it, and intrusted to them, is a
high branch of privilege, a contempt offered to this
House, a direct proposition to the legislature, and
each member of it, to commit perjury, and involves
necessarily, in its execution and its consequences, the
destruction of our country, and the crime of high
treason:
uResolved therefore, That the Hon. John (,:.
Adams, member from Massachusetts, in presenting
for the consideration of the House of Represents-
