Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR.
20a
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Black.
, B. ,o£ Reps.
tives of the United States, a petition praying the
dissolution of the Union, has offered the deepest
indignity to the House of which he is a member,
an insult to the people of the United States, of which
that House is the legislative organ, and will, if this
outrage be permitted to pass unrebuked and unpun-
ished, have disgraced his country, through their
representatives, m the eyes of the world.
"Resolved further, That the aforesaid John Q.
Adams, for this insult, (the first of the kind ever
offered to the government,) and for the wound which
he has permitted to. be aimed, through his instru-
mentality, at the constitution and existence of his
country, the peace, the security, and liberty of the
people of these States, might well be held to merit
expulsion from the national councils; and the House
deem it an act of grace and mercy, when they only
inflict upon him their severest censure, for conduct
so utterly unworthy of his past relations to the
State, and his present position. This they hereby
do for the maintenance of their own purity and
dignity; for the rest, they turn him over to his own
conscience, and the indignation of all true American
citizens."
The moving cause of these "high1 resolves" i,s to
lie found on the preceding page of the same journal.
It seems that, after Mr. Adams had consumed some
time in presenting a number of petitions, praying
that no new State should hereafter be admitted into
the Union, whose constitution shall tolerate slavery,
and that this government should forthwith enter
into diplomatic and commercial relations with the
Sable government of Hayti,—he ventured to pre-
sent "a petition of forty-six citizens of Haverhill,
in the State of Massachusetts, praying Congress
immediately to adopt measures peaceably to dis-
solve the Union of these States, for three reasons
which are set forth in the petition." For nearly a
fortnight these resolutions of censure, were debated.
Long and doubtful was the contest; the fortunes of
the fight ever varying from one side to the other,
victory seemed as yet to perch on no banner. As
this was entirely a family quarrel, in which whig
met m hig, the democrats stood by ready to do
their duty to the country, but without taking
part in the conflict. The odds, m numbers, were
fearfully against the intended victim; but what
he lacked in physical strength, he made up in power
of intellect. Day after day, for two weeks, did he
keep the whole House at bay with his single arm;
and at last was permitted to march off die field with
flying colors. Sometimes he would wage open, of-
fensive war; sometimes, manceuvering.on the defen-
sive, he would seem to retreat; then returning to the
charge, he would in turn, threaten and beseech, de-
nounce and deprecate. At last, sorely pressed (like
Acteon by his own hounds,) he was forced to take
refuge behind a point of order. "Mr. Adams raised
as a question of order, for the decision of the Chair
thereon, the following: "Has the House the right to
entertain the resolution, because it charges him with
crimes of which the House has no jurisdiction; and
if the House entertain the jurisdiction, they deprive
him of rights secured to him by the constitution of
the United States." (See H. Journal, 2i sessionilth
Cong. p. 280.)
The Speaker, not choosing to bother himself with
the decision of such a delicate question, referred the
matter to the decision of the House; and, upon the
question, "Will the House now consider the propo-
sition?" it passed in the affirmative—-yeas 118, nays
75.—Samp. Journal, p. 281.
In 1807, when John Smith was the unhappy cul-
prit, Mr. Adams, as chairman of the committee to
whom the case was referred, believed that the Sen-
ate might well entertain even the higher and more
important question of expulsion, without "depriving
him of rights secured by the constitution of the
United States." Hear him—for nothing can so fully
illustrate his position in 1842, and his deliberate
opinions in 1807, as to place them in contrast by '
quoting his own words. How curses will come
home.! Smith represented himself "as solitary,
friendless, and unskilled;" and intimated that his
rights were about to be denied him by senators "lia-
ble, so long as they held their offices, to have his
case made their own." The chairman, in his "pride
of place," not dreaming that his words were pro-
phetic of his own future condition, replied: "The
committee are not unaware that, in the vicissitudes
of human events, no member of this body can be
sure that his conduct will never be made a subject of
inquiry and decision before the assembly to which
he belongs. They are aware that, in the course of
proceeding which the Senate may now sanction, its
members are marking out a precedent which, may
hereafter apply to themselves. They are sensible
,that the principles upon which they have acted ought
to have the same operation upon their own claims
to privilege as upon those of Mr. Smith; the same
relation to the rights of their constituents which
they have to those of the legislature which he rep-
resents. They have deemed it their duty to ad-
vance, in the progress of their inquiry, with pecu-
liar care and aeliberation. They have dealt out to
Mr. Smith that measure which, under the supposi-
tion of similar circumstanccs, they would be content
to find imparted to themselves; and they have no
hesitation in declaring that, under such imputations,
colored by such evidence, they should hold it a sa-
cred obligation to themselves, to their fellow-senators,
and to the country, to meet them by direct, uncon-
ditional acknowledgment, or denial, without seeking
a refuge from the broad face of day in the labarynth
of technical forms." Were not these words present
to the mind of the "member from Massachusetts,"
hanging about his neck like a millstone, when he
sought shelter behind his question of order about
lus "rights, &c. Were they not present to the mind
of the House when they determined, by a decided
vote, to entertain the question of censuring him?
Whether the doctrines advanced upon the subject of
expulsion, in 1807, were or were not true and de-
fensible, is not the question; but, if they were appli-
cable to the expulsion of John Smith, they were, a
fortiori, applicable to the proposition to censure John
Q.uincy Adams. I make these quotations from Mr.
Adams's report ill 3807, to illustrate the truth of the
old maxim, that "circumstances alter cases."
Here was the "member from Massachusetts" claim-
ing exemption from the "censorial authority" of
the House, upon the ground of his constitutional
right to trial by jury. No other interpretation can
be placed upon this point of order. Let us see what
was his reply when, in 1807, John Smith made the
same demand. Turn with me, sir, to the 1st volume
Miscellaneous State Papers, page 702, and wit-
ness what inconsistencies errors, persisted in, beget
in the wisest heads. Tlise extracts are remarkable,
too, because, if those who read this speech, see aught
in them applicable to the present position and polit-
ical character of their distinguished author, they
will be enabled to achieve over him that sort of
bloodless victory which results from having con-
demned a man out of his own mouth He says:
? * * *
"When the darling of the people's choice has
become their deadliest foe, can it enter the imagi-
netion of a reasonable man, that the sanctuary of
their legislation must remain polluted with his pres-
ence, until a court of common law, with its pace of
snail,-can ascertain whether his crime was committen
on the right, or on the left bank of the river; wheth-
er a puncture of difference can be found between the
words of the charge and the words of the proof;
whether the witnesses of his guilt should or should
not be heard by his jury; and whether he was pun-
ishable, because present at an overt act; or intangi-
ble to public justice, because he only contrived and
prepared it? It is conceivable that a traitor to that
country which has loaded him with favors, guilty
to ibe common understanding of all mankind, should
be suffered* to return unquestioned to that post of
honor and_ confidence, where, in the zenith of his
good fame, he had been placed by the esteem of his
countrymen, and in defiance of their wishes, in
mockery of their fears, surrounded by public indig-
nation, but inaccessible to its bolt, pursue the pur-
poses of treason in the heart of the national coun-
cils? Must the assembled rulers of the land listen
with calmness and indifference, session after session,
to the voice of notorious infamy, until the sluggard
step of municipal justice can overtake his enormities?
Must they tamely see the lives and fortunes of mil-
lions, the safety of present and future ages, depend-
ing on his vote, recorded with theirs, merely be-
cause the abused benignity of general maxims may
have remitted to him the forfeiture of his life?"
"Such, .(continued Mr. Adams,) in very supposa-
ble cases, would be the unavoidable consequences of
a principle which should offer the crutches of judi-
cial tribunals as an apology for crippling the con-
gressional power of expulsion. Far different, in the
opinion of your committee is the spirit of our con-
stitution. They believe that the very purpose for
which this power was given, was to preserve the
legislature from the first approaches of infection;
that it was made discretionary because it cannot
exist under the procrastination of general rules; that
its process must he summary, because it would be
rendered nugatory by delay,"
He is a great limner who jSaipts. himstlf with
such fidelity. Who can look upon this picture,
sketched by a master's hand, arid mil to recognise in
it every feature of the original? And yet, how unlike
it ought to be! Where, be now your cobweb points
of order; your constitutional right, behind which
you sought a moment of repose from the heat and
smoke of a hard-fought field ! Where lagged "the
sluggard step of municipal justice," when your most
ungracious friends sought to make you the victim
offthat "censorial authority" with which they
would have visited your alleged "enormities?"
There was a providence in the retributive justice
which made Smith's case your own; and a small
still voice whispered in your ear, and paralyzed
your arm, when you cried aloud for that constitu-
tional right of trial by jury, which, thirty-five years
before, you had so remorselessly denied to him.
But, sir, even this case, with its overthrow of the
American republic, and the extinction of our na-
tional existence—with its breach of privilege—its
contempt of the House—its insult to the people—its
disgrace of country—its subornation of perjury and
its crime of high treason,—was "permitted to pass
unrebuked and unpunished" by the House of Rep-
resentatives, for the sake of that constitutional
"right" which secures to the accused, however
atrocious, the trial by jury, when arraigned for the
perpetration of crime or misdemeanor. The vote
which overruled the point of order was but a tem-
porary punishment—-a sort of purgatory, indicative
only of what the House would have done if the
legitimate, cause of "disorderly behavior" had in-
tervened to convert the trial by jury into the more
summary proceeding of trial by Congress. These
resolutions of censure, which, but for "an act of
grace and mercy," would have required the expul-
sion of John Quincy Adams, were laid upon the
table by yeas 106, nays 93.
Sir, i have purposely passed over the resolutions
of censure offered by Mr. Thompson of South
Carolina against Mr. Adams, in the House, on the
6th February, 1837, for presenting, or offering to
present, a petition from nine Virginia slaves. The
presentation of such a petition was certainly "an
insult to the people of the United States," and a
deep indignity to the House; but the proceedings in
relation to it were encumbered, from the first, with
such a variety of amendments and propositions that
the whole bccame indecisive, and finally resulted in
an informal abandonment of the question of cen-
sure. The particulars of the case, however, may
be gathered by reference to House journal, 2d sess.
24th Cong., 352-362.
Pardon me, Mr. Speaker, if I do not consume
your time by a particular reference to the single
instance of censure which forms the only exception
to the invariable result of every effort to inflict that
punishment by the House. I allude to the maledic-
tion which was uttered by this body, in the 27th
Cnngress, upon Joshua R. Giddings, a representa-
tive from the State of Ohio. That member had
been so successful in securing to himself the aver-
sion of a great majority of his cotemporaries, that
any vote of the House in relation to him, or his
conduct, can by no means be considered a test
either of precedent or law. I have no doubt but
that he could be, at this moment, censured, by a
most decisive vote, for everything, or anything, he
might do here; and so it will be sufficient simply to
 ay that, in the opinion of the House, "mutiny and
murder were justified and approved, in terms shock-
ing to all sense of law, order, and humanity," ill
certain resolutions introduced by him in the House
on the 21st March, 1842, intended to shield and
vindicate certain insurgent slaves who had com-
mitted those crimes on board the brig "Creole"
during her proposed voyage from Virginia to New
Orleans. Hence it was resolved, by yeas 125, nays
69, "that this House hold the conduct of the said
member as altogether unwarranted and unwarranta-
ble, and deserving the severe condemnation of the
people of this country, and of this body in particu-
lar." See House Journal, Ud sess. 21th Congress, 571-
578.
Thus, Mr Speaker, we have taken a retrospective
view of the whole history of EXPULSION ^ and
CENSURE; and what is the result? That neither
the constitution, the laws, or the precedents which
our journals furnish, justify or sustain the opposi-
tion which the whig' party are now making to the
adoption of the resolution on your table, recog-
nising the validity of the tenure by which the gen-
