Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sot
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr- Barnard.
H. of Reps.
Mr. Chairman, I am sorry that it should have
been deemed necessary by the friends of this bill to
make an assault either on the character of Judge
Hall or on the well-settled law of contempts. No
sacrifice seems to be too great or too costly for them
to offer before the shrine of their idolatry. The
able and learned gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
introduced this bill, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] has
written a book to prove, amongst other things, that
courts ofjustice in general, and Judge Hall in par-
ticular, had no right to punish for contempts. And
he objects especially to this power in the courts of
the United States, because, as he maintains, they
have no common law jurisdiction. Now, sir, my an-
swer to this is, that the right to punish for contempts
is not so much a common law right as it is a power
inherent in the constitution of every court, just as the
same power is inherent in the constitution of this
and of every parliamentary body. That is the well-
considered and well-established doctrine of the
supreme court of the United States, as any gentle-
man may see by turning to the case of Anderson and
Dunn, which originated in this House. It is a
power incident to the authority granted to or pos-
sessed by every court. It is a principle of common
sense, as well as of universal law, that when any
power or authority is granted, whatever incidental
powers are necessary and proper for carrying the
granted power into effect go along with it. Thus
every court, must necessarily have the power to pro-
tect itself against violent interruptions or disturbance,
and to enforce obedience to its lawful commands. In-
stances of abuse of the law of contempts have no
doubt existed; but that is a poor argument to offer
against the existence of the law; and a judge is no
more justified in assuming a jurisdiction not belong-
j«g to him under color of this power, than he is in
assuming any other jurisdiction not, within his com-
petency.
But, sir, in the case of the courts of the United
States the power to punish for contempts has, as
we all know, been confirmed by express statutes.
It is found in the judiciary act of 1789, passed in the
first year of the government. And, at a later period,
in 1831, after an instance of abuse of the power in the
case of Judge Peck, and for which he was subjected
to impeachment and trial, a declaratory act was
passed defining the authority of courts to punish for
contempts. The authority exercised by Judge
Hall in the case before us, though long before the
act last referred to, was strictly within the definition
and limitations of that act.
At the period when the offences of contempt, for
which summary punishment was inflicted, were
committed by General Jackson, Judge Hall was
holding a regular term of the district court of the
United States for the district of Louisiana. On the
4th of March, 1815, which was Saturday,'the court
was in session, and a cause on the calendar was
regularly heard. On the same day, two causes
were specially assigned for trial—one to be heard on
the following Tuesday, and the other on Wednes-
day. Before this time came, however, the course
of justice was forcibly obstructed by General Jack-
son.
On the 5th of March, Mr. Louallier, a senator in
the State legislature, a citizen of Louisiana—not a
soldier—was arrested by a military order of General
Jackson, placed in close confinement, and held to
answer with his life for having dared to send to a
public newspaper in the city of New Orleans a com-
munication complaining of an act of tyranny on the
part of the general towards certain French inhabi-
tants of the city. Upon application, which was im-
mediately made to Judge Hall, at ch'ambcrs, found-
ed on the proper petition and affidavit, a writ of
habeas corpus—that great writ of English and
American liberty without which no nation on earth
ever has been or can be free—was ordered to issue,
to be directed to General Jackson, commanding him
to produce Louallier before the judge the next day,
ana to show the cause of his arrest and detention.
The order for this purpose was made on the back of
the petition and affidavit, which had been filed in
court, and which had thus become a part of
the records of that tribunal. Of course it was
the duty of the clerk to make out and issue the
writ. As an act of courtesy to General Jackson,
and to give him an opportunity voluntarily
to retrace the audacious step he had taken, the judge
directed that notice should be immediately given
him of the or4er he had made. This act of courtesy
was answered by a military order for the arrest of
judge Hall, which was promptly obeyed and execu-
ted by an armed force of sixty men, commanded by
a field officer. At the same time, which was on the
evening of the same 5th of March, General Jackson
sent one of his military aids to Mr. Claiborne, the
clerk of the district coart, with a written command
to deliver up to him the order which had been made
by the judge for the issuing of the writ. Mr. Clai-
borne had the courage to refuse to acquiesce in this
high-handed interference, and chose rather to accom-
pany the officer, with the paper in his own pocket,
into the dread presence of the imperial commander.
Unawed by the presence or the threats of the gen-
eral, he calmly told him that he should do his duty,
and issue the writ. General Jackson having then
got the paper in his possession, by asking to look at
it, forcibly retained it, against the remonstrances of
the clerk, who was dismissed without it.
The object of all this violent proceeding was, no
doubt, to prevent the issuing of the writ. With the
judg-e in close confinement, and the order for the writ
in his own possession, he flattered himself that the
course ofjustice was effectually obstructed. He was
mistaken. The writ was issued and placed in the
hands of the marshal on Monday morning, the day
on which it was returwable, who had the courage to
serve it, although he had been significantly told by
the general the evening previous that "he had
shopped the judge; and he would treat any person
who might improperly meddle with his camp in the
same manner." On the service of the writ, which
happened to have been done at an hour later than
that named by the judge for the hearing—a circum-
stance in no manner affecting the validity of the pro-
cess or the proceeding—General Jackson treated it
with contemptuous disobedience. Louallier was still
kept in confinement, and on the same day was or-
dered for trial before a military tribunal, appointed
by the general. All this took place long after news
of peace, which nobody doubted, had reached New
Orleans. Judge Hall was kept in close, custody for
one week; when, under another military order of
the commanding general, he was taken from the
guard-house by a file of dragoons, ignominiously
escorted through the city, and about four miles
above it, and then set at liberty, with a written or-
der not to return to New Orleans until peace should
be officially proclaimed.
On the 22d of March Judge Hall, having returned
to the city, formally opened his court, when an ap-
plication was immediately presented, on proper de-
positions, by the United States district attorney, for
a rule on General Jackson to show cause why ail
attachment should not issue against him for con-
tempts. The rule was granted, and General Jack-
son appeared in court to answer on the 27th. On
this occasion it was that the general offered in his
defence the paper to which reference was made by
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Si.idf.ll.] This
paper was deemed objectionable, and was not re-
ceived. It was according to General Jackson's sum-
mary mode of doing business, but was not accord-
ing to the rules and practice of that court. Full lati-
tude of defence, however, appropriate under a rule
to show cause, was given, as the written rules laid
down by the judge will show. I will read them:
"If the party object to the jurisdiction, the court is
ready to hear."
"2d. If the party's affidavit contain a denial of the
facts sworn to, or if he wish to show that the facts
charged do not in law amount to a contempt, the
court is ready to hear."
"3d. If the answer contain any thing as an apol-
ogy to the court, it is ready to hear."
"4th- If the party be desirous to show that, by
the constitution or laws of the United States, or in
virtue of his military commission, he had a right
to act as charged in the affidavits, the court is rea-
dy to hear."
On the 29th of March, after argument and full
deliberation, an attachment was ordered to issue;
and on Friday, the 31st, General Jackson again ap-
peared in court. Interrogatories were now present-
ed and filed, according to the usual course of pro-
ceeding in such cases. They were addressed to the
party accused, and he was required to answer them.
The rule laid down by the judge was this: "He may
object to any of the interrogatories as improper, or
he may deny the facts charged and purge himself of
the contempt on oath. His single testimony coun-
tervails that which may have been adduced." Gen-
eral Jackson contemptuously refused to receive the
interrogatories, or to make any answer to them.
"Whereupon," says the record, "the court proceed-
ed to pronounce judgment; which was, that Major
General Andrew Jackson do pay a fine of one thou-
sand dollars to the United States."
Mr. Chairman, I shall not stop to reaffiraa the
power of the district court of Louisiana to punish for
contempts, and I shall leave the plain narrative of facta
just given to speak for itself in regard to the con-
tempts actually committed, and the, entire propriety,
impartiality, deliberation, and dignityiof the whole
course of proceeding on the part of the judge. The
fine imposed was one thousand dollars—a sum which
has been complained of as excessive and vindictive.
Let the narrative of facts answer. It was the penal-
ty imposed not for disobedience only to the great
and sacred writ of habeas corpus, beginning with his
outrageous conduct in regard to the order for the
issuing of the writ, but for a forcible obstruction,
with military array, of the whole course of justice
in regard to that writ; and the sum is precisely that
imposed by statute in several of the States of this
Union upon any judge himself who shall refuse, on
a proper application, to grant this same writ of
habeas corpus.
ButNtho learned gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Charles J. Ingersoll,] in his book on this
subject, has argued against the power to punish for
contempts in the courts of this .country, because
the constitution declares that no person shall be
held to answer for a crime except upon a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury. There must be
trial by due process of law. Sir, since the revolu-
tion of 1688 in England, this is as much and as ex-
pressly the constitutional doctrine of that country
as it is the constitutional doctrinc of this. We bor-
rowed it from England. And yet this power to
punish for contempts in a summary way has never,
that I know of, been doubted in England. And
nothing, I think, short of essential and sublimated
democracy, can lead any man to doubt it here.
The truth is, that in case of contempts there is
properly no trial—there can be none. The factsare
taken only on the confession of the party accused,
or on his failure or refusal to answer the matter al-
leged against him. Said Judge Hall in this very
case: "He may deny the facts charged, and purge
himself of the contempt. His single testimony
countervails that which may have been adduced."
The party is guilty or not, just on his own conduct
or showing in the presence of the court. General
Jackson refused to receive or answer the interroga-
tories presented to him, and the fine was imposed
of course.
But, sir, gentlemen have not been content with
impeaching the legal accuracy of Judge Hall in this
proceeding. An attack has been made on his char-
acter as a man—an attack which I regret the more on
account of the source from which it has proceeded.
It comes from a gentleman [Mr. Slidell] ably rep-
resenting on this floor the New Orleans district of
the State of Louisiana, and the attack falls on the
memory of a citizen of that city and State, no longer
living to defend himself, and who died leaving no
male relatives to step forth in vindication ofhis char-
acter and his fame. He held high office iri that
State; and I think I am warranted in saying that he
adorned his judicial station, and honored the State
of Louisiana, by his great learning, his remarkable
powers, his sound principles, and liis unyielding in-
tegrity. I appeal to the testimony of those who
knew Judge Hall personally, and who are, there-
fore, better witnesses of what he was ,than those
who testify from rumors which prejudice and malice
have invented and put afloat. Mr. Brackenridge, of
Pennsylvania, in a published letter relating to the
matter which we have now in hand, says of Judge
Hall:
"I knew him well; he was a modest, single-
hearted, retired student, deeply learned, of unsus-
pected integrity, and as innocent as a child of all
party intrigue or faction. He thought only of the
honest and faithful discharge of his duty. He had
been taken by Mr. Jefferson from the bar of Charles-
ton, and, excepting two maiden sisters whom he
supported, he had no family or connexion."
An aged and venerable gentleman now residing
in this city was the fellow-student of Mr. Hall at
college in Pennsylvania, where Hall's family then
resided, and his acquaintance with him was renewed
at a late period of his life. Mr. Hall was sixteen
years of age when he first knew him; and, from his
uncommon powers and his attainments, he was the
foremost man in college; and his whole subsequent
career was answerable to this beginning. Though
modest and retiring, he was distinguished and hot}-
