2G8
APPENDIX TO THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess,
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
ored throughout his life. Such I believe to have
been the simple truth in regard to Judge Hall.*
Yet the gentleman from Louisiana has deemed it
necessary, in his zeal to serve' General Jackson, to
heap obloquy on the character and memory of this
man. No doubt the gentleman believes the repre-
sentations he has made to this House;. and I have
as little doubt that his representations have done
the greatest injustice to the memory of a most
worthy, estimable, and honorable man and magis-
trate. The gentleman has been pleased to stfgma-
tize Judge Hall as a skulking coward, because, as
he alleges, he did not cast off his robes of office, and
enter the ranks of the army to fight with the
youngest and the bravest there, as if there was no
courage worth commending (even if the gentleman
were accurate in his facts) except that which con-
sists of a brute insensibility to danger and death.
The gentleman charges also that Judge Hall indulged
in intemperate habits. It may be so—many a great
and good man has fallen in this way. But Judge
Hall held his office, I believe, to his death, and no
formal complaint of this sort was ever preferred
against him. And, finally, we are told that Judge
Hall was a foreigner—not an Irishman, or a French-
man, or a Saniard—that could be endured; but
he was an Englishman, and, therefore, he was liable
to a violent suspicion of disaffection. Sir, this is a
mode of argument which suited the short methods
commonly adopted by General Jackson with all
who ever crossed his path, or stood in his way; but
I must be allowed to say that the gentleman from
Louisiana is Capable of better modes of reasoning,
and should not have adopted this. Sir, I have no
more doubt of the patriotism and love of country
of Judge Hall than I have of the patriotism of Gen-
eral Jackson, or of any friend of his, or of any
supporter of this bill. I know not, I care not, on
which side of the Atlantic he was born—he was an
American citizen, and long had been one, holding a
high judicial office under the government, enjoying
the confidence of Jefferson and Madison, and dis-
trusted, 1 believe, by nobody. And all this vitupera-
tion now cast on him—all this effort to blast his
name and memory,—why has it been introduced into
this debate? If the gentleman from Louisiana
was willing that this bill should stand on i(s own
merits, "then this attempt to blacken the memo-
ry of Judge Hall was wholly gratuitous. If
everything he has uttered on ■ this topic—so
grateful as it evidently was to the genuine worship-
pers here of the iron-willed old man, who, whatev-
er may have been his" services to the country, (and
I think them very great,) has done more in his life-
time, by his acts and his example, to plant disease
and lingering death irt the vitals of the republic than
all other living men;—ifall, I Ray, were historical-
ly true which the gentleman has so eagerly commu-
nicated in regaid to Judge Hall, how, I ask, does it
help the argument in favor of this bill? Let the gen-
tleman put it into a logical shape, and see how it
would stand? He would say: This judge inflicted a
fine, for contempt, on General Jackson. This was
legal and just, or it was not. But the judge was an
exempt and a non-combatant in the war; he was also
a generous liver, and is said now and then to have
indulged in a glass of wine too much; and, worse
than all, he is reputed to have been born in England
—therefore, thejudge had no right to inflict a fine on
General Jackson for contempt. And it follows that
General Jackson had a right to trample on the writ
issued by the judge m behalf of the liberty of an
American citizen, and to make his violent obstruc-
tion to, the course of justice sure by the forcible ar-
rest, imprisonment, and ignominious banishment of
the judge liinisclf!
Rut, Mr. Chairman, I pass to other matter of
more importance. The main ground on which this
hill is supported by its friends, and which has bem
stated by me already, I must now take the liberty
again distinctly to repeat. It, is this: that General
Jackson committed no offence at New Orleans
'it has been iound, on an examination of tin: records of
th,. Senate, that Mr Hall was appointed on the nomination
(.1 \ir. lefierson, in 1802, a judge of the tilth circuit court of
the United States, which comprised the States of North and
South Carolina, and Georgia. This was under the act of
1631. orgar,i7:ng anew the courts of the United States, and
which was shortly alterwards repealed Upon the orgon-
ization of a territorial government m the liculy acquired
Territory of Louisiana, in 180S, Mr. Hall w as immediately
transferred to New Orleans, on the nomination of Mr. Jef-
lerson. as a judge. And, finally, on the admission of Louis-
iana into tiie Union, as a State, in SbU. he was appointed,
untile nomination of _\lr Vadison to the judicial office which
he held when the outrages referred to in the text were com-
mitted upon him.
against the constitution and laws of the United
States, or the public authorities, because he had
himself, by virtue of- his military commission, sus-
pended all civil authority and government in that
pity and neighboring country (except such as he
might see fit from time to time to tolerate) by setting
up the military power, under the name of martial
law, as supreme and exclusive:—such suppres-
sion and subversion of the civil power having
been required, in his opinion, by the necessity of
the case; of which necessity he alone had a right
to judge. ' For this judgment and his conduct under
it, it must be added, he was responsible,, not to the
public authorities, (for the case was one over which
the government had no constitutional jurisdiction,)1
but to the popular sentiment of the country only*.
This I believe to be a fair statement of the position
taken by the friends of this bill; and I must say that,
in my judgment, a doctrine more dangerous and fa-
tal to all regular goverment, to all constitutional
forms, to all legal authority, and to every principle
of civil liberty, has never been propounded in any
country. Once establish this doctrine, as is now
sought to .be done, by a solemn formal legislative
recognition, and constitution, laws, and liberty ex-
ist thenceforward by the forbearance of any • and
every military chief who may command an army in
the field strong enough for the occasion, and which
he may have the address to win to his ambitious
and unhallowed purposes.
The justification here offered in behalf of General
Jackson is the same in substance that he set up for
himself at the time; and by recurring to his decla-
rations at that period we shall see distinctly what
kind of martial law it was that was insisted on then,
and is justified now.
In the paper which he offered in liis defence be-
fore the judge, General Jackson said that "he in-
tended to supersede such civil powers as in their
operation interfered with those he was obliged to
exercise." He declared to Mr. Claiborne, the clerk
of the district court, in the evening shortly after the
arrest of Judge Hall, "that his (the judge's) con-
duct m the instance in question had brought him
under the cognizance of his (the general's) general
order [his order declaring martial law;] that this
was his (the general's) camp, [his order for martial
law embraced "the city ofNew Orleans and its en-
virons"] and tliat "no person or power must or
should be over him in it." And Mr. Duplessis,
the United States marshal, informs us that on the
same occasion the general said to him "that he had
shopped the judge—and he would treat any person
who might improperly meddle with his camp in the
same manner; and that so long as martial law con-
tinued, he would acknowledge no other authority
than that of the military."
In all this there was no equivocation; all was di-
rect and open. Throughout his military district, as
far as his command extended, or in such part of it
as he saw fit, martial law, at his option and discre-
tion, reigned supreme. He had published his or-
ders laying "New Orleans and its environs" under
martial law; and we shall see him in one case
stretching the "environs" so as to make his martial
low operate to a distance of one hundred and twen-
ty miles. All this was claimed to be "his camp:"
and in "his camp" no person or power should be
over him—he would acknowledge no other authori-
ty than that of a military. If any civil powers in-
terfered with those he felt obliged to exercise, they
were or would be superseded. In short, the, mili-
tary power, which was nothing less than the un-
questioned and unquestionable law of his own will
—a law above all law—ivas the, paramount, and, as
far as he chose, the exclusive power.
And, to comprehend the full enormity of this sort
of martial law, we must not fail to distinguish be-
tween it and the military law ofthe country, as re-
cognised by the, constitution and established by
statutes—that military law, as distinguished from
the nvil power, prescribed expressly for the exigen-
cies of war as well as for times of peace, and which
is the only law of arms known to the constitution.
Congress is authorized by the constitution "to make
rules for the government of the land and naval
forces;" and also to provide "for governing such
part of the militia as may be employed in the service
of the United States." Under that authority stat-
utes have been passed providing for these objects.
That for the government of the army prescribe a
regular code, consisting of one hundred and one ar-
ticles. This code is very carefully limited in its ap-
plication to officers and soldiers of the regular army,
and to the militia when in theseryice of the United
States, including persons necessarily attached to the
army, or to the service in the artillery and corps of
engineers, and receiving pay as such. No citizen,
not a soldier, or attached-to the army, of course is
subject to this code, or ever can be. It is forbidden
by the constitution. It is only by an exception to
the fifth article of amendments that offences "in
cases arising in the land or' naval forces, or in the
militia when in actual service," can be tried by
courts martial, or ortherwise than by "presentmerit
or indictment of a grand jury." And hence it is,
too, that no citizen, no person owing allegiance to
the United States, can be tried as a spy. And so
the military law prescribes.
.Now, General Jackson's martial law was some-
thing very different from all this. He ordered a
citizen, as we shall see, to be tried by a military tri-
bunal as a spy. And when his innocent victim was
likely to escape by an acquittal, he published a gen-
eral order in which he declared that "martial law,
being established, applies, as the commanding gen-
eral believes, to all persons who remain within the
sphere of its operations, and claims exclusive juris-
diction of all offences which aim at the disorganiza-
tion and ruin of the army over which it extends. To
a certain extent, it is believed, it makes every man a
soldier, &c. Every man, therefore, within the
limits to which it extends, i3 subject to its influence."
Here, then, was a complete overleaping, by one
bound, not of the military code only, but of all regu-
lar government, of all constituted authority. Pow-
ers were assumed and actually exercised which Con-
gress and the executive together could not have em-
ployed. Congress may suspend the habeas ctyrpxis
"when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public
safety may require it;" but Congress cannot sus-
pend the constitution itself, and all regular govern-
ment under it, by establishing that sort of martial
law which was attempted by General Jackson. A
proclamation of such martial law by Congress or
the executive would in itself be a dissolution of the
government. It would be a revolution. And yet
what Congress and the executive could not do, a
general in the field may do! Congress could not
compel or authorize any citizen, not a soldier, or at-
tached to the army, to be tried by a court martial for
anything; Congress could not subject an American
citizen, soldier or no soldjer, to be tried as a spy;
yet all this may be done by a commanding general i
The authority assumed by General Jackson at
New Orleans was such as not only no President of
the United States, but no monarch of England could
or would at this day dare assume. In England, un-
der the kings of the Stuart line, this sort of martial
law existed to a limited extent. The King raised
armies, and prescribed rules and regulations for their
government, by his own authority. He appointed
or authorized courts martial for the trial of offences
in cases arising in the military forces. And he went
further, and for what were called military offences—
in cases of insurrection or rebellion—he appointed
military commissions or tribunals for their trial,
though those offenccs were committed by persons in
no way connected with the army. One of the last
notable examples of the sort was in the rebellion of
the unhappy Duke of Monmouth, the son of
Charles II, and Lucy Walters. The revolution of
1688 put an end to these abuses. The bill of rights,
subscribed by the, hand of William III, made ex-
press provision against the raising of an army, or
providing for its government, by the King without
authority of Parliament, and against subjecting any
subject not attached to the military forces to° any
kind of punishment by martial law. Neither the
King nor Parliament itself, which is said to be om-
nipotent, can, under the constitution of thai country,
at this day do what General Jackson did at Ne\,
Orleans—abolish the civil power and set up the mil-
itary authority and martial law in its place. And to
this day, so justly jealous are the British people of
the military power', that the army exists in England
only by the authority of an act of Parliament, called
the mutiny act, which is never passed for a longer
period than one year: and the military code for the
government of the forces rests on the same temno-
rary authority.
We have only to look into our American consti-
tutions to sec. that the same true Anglo-Saxon jeal-
ousy of the military power characterized our fathers.
Almost without exception, (wholly without excep-
tion, I believe, among the Old Thirteen,) our State
constitutions take care to provide that the military
shall be kept in subjection to the civil power: and the
substance of the English bill of rights is adonted in
the constitution of the United States.
