CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
when the subject came into the House in the report
of the committee, the gentleman would have full
opportunity of discussing it.
Mr. ADAMS, after a few more remarks, conclu-
ded by saying that he endoised the report of Oliver
Oldschool as correct.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL having obtained the
floor,
Mr. WISE asked the gentleman to yield it to him
for an explanation.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL declined, stating that it.
was a personal matter.
Mr. WISE claimed the floor, on the ground that
the gentleman had already spoken.
Mr. C. J. IJSTGERSOLL said this was a personal
matter to himself; and he declined acceding to the
request of the gentleman. He claimed the floor.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL was then understood
to say that the subject which he had brought
before the House was one which was personal to
himself and to every member on that floor; but, by
the license of the gentleman from Massachusetts, who
was master of all the contrivances of personal im-
punity, it had been made a much larger question
than was submitted by him. The House would
therefore excuse him if he called upon the Speaker
in the first place, and on every member of the last
Congress, to say if he had not, at all times, treated
that gentleman [Mr. Adams] with more than the
respect due to age or membership—with a deferen-
tial and almost filial respect—so much so, that a rela-
tive on that floor had deemed it necessary to caution
him against carrying it to an extent to elicit the very
opposite treatment of that to which it should have
entitled him. And he would add, by appealing
to all the members of the present Congress, wheth-
er, during any period of the session, he was
permitted to open his mouth, without some sarcastic
taunt or illiberal impertinence from the member from
Massachusetts—so that the public press, his con-
stituents, and personal friends, all admonished him .
that forbearance ought to cease, and that retort had f
been rendered indispensable. His rights had been '
trampled upon to such an extent, that it was impossi-
ble any longer tamely to submit. The venerable
member near me, (said Mr. Ingersoll,) put his en-
dorsement upon the ridiculous portrait of the letter
writer, of his "calm dignity." The "calm dignity" of
that irascible elder! Heaven defend us from such
calmness, and such dignity. None but such a letter-
writer could so misrepresent the total want of both
calmness and dignity of the member from Mas-
sachusetts. And I will take this occasion to add,
that every time that I have ventured to say one
word in this House, to or of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I have received anonymous letters,
all signed " Lynch "—all in the same writing—all
written in this House, (as two of my col-
leagues, who have kindly investigated the mat-
ter, are satisfied,)—and all probably proceeding,
therefore, from sonje letter writer; some threaten-
ing me with personal vengeance if ever I. ven-
tured again to address a word to the pet of this
Mr. Lynch—the member from Massachusetts.
Now, I proclaim to him, and I proclaim to Mr.
Lynch, that, as long as he persists in what I de-
nounce as his wicked attacks upon the Union and
constitution of this country, I will never cease to
hold him up to the public reprobation which I think
he deserves, and, I trust, will be his punishment. I
have, Mr. Speaker, beyond my feelings as an
American citizen, an attachment to this constitution
of a peculiar character, though not so given to vaunt
my fearlessness as the member from Massachusetts -
So help me God, I will lay down my life, if necessa-.
l-y, rather than that constitution shall be torn, by rude
and ungrateful hands, to atoms. And I now give
the gentleman from Massachusetts notice that I am
anxiously watching his course on this subject; and
that I will, oil all occasions, oppose, denounce, and
defeat it if I can. If I had had occasion to allude to
the son he has mentioned, the delicacy from which, I
trust, I never depart, would have prevented my na-
ming him,but by some inoffensive parliamentary cir-
cumlocution; but since, he has mentioned that son,
and all the circumstances attending the resolution in
question, is there any thing strange in the suppo-
sition that the son may have taken the father's
advice and assistance in so momentous a move-
ment? Would it be strange that any son should
consult a parent who had been chief magistrate of
the United States, and also charged for many years
with its chief executive department, before he as-
sailed their constitution? and was there anything im-
pertinent or offensive in a question respectfully sub-
mitted, as mine was, to ascertain whether the son
was not the father's instrument in a movement
which he says he is not ashamed of, and which I
am ashamed to see that he appears to glory in? Sir,
confidence. between gentlemen is sacred; and no
power on earth should wring from me, on this floor,
the name of my informant, who, without any confi-
dential communication, without reserve or hesitation,
stated to me, two days ago, in the lobby of this
House, that the resolution of the gentleman was writ-
ten or prepared by the father, and hustled through
the legislature of Massachusetts, in the confusion of
the closing scenes of a session, without the knowl-
edge of more than than the eight or ten aboli-
tionists who participated in the clandestine
contrivance. My informant was a citizen of
Massachusetts; a man of the highest standing
and character—as much so as the member
from Massachusetts himself—and whose word for
any statement he makes would be, cither there or
here, received with at least as much respect; and to
this I must add, furthermore, that this very morning
I was informed by another highly respectable per-
sonage, no longer a member of this House, that
when he was a member, some ten years ago, or
thereabouts, he heard the member from Massachu-
setts declare, in his seat, that his business here was
the detestable errand of disorganizing the com-
promises of the constitution, and separating a large
number of the ancient commonwealths of the United
States from their glorious confederacy. Yes, sir;
a gentleman, under the mere color and pretext of the
abused right of petition, is now to dismember this
Union, not because there is slavery in some of the
States, but because he and his own State have not
had a due share of the advantages of the Union.
He who was once a poor usher m a college, strug-
gling for his daily bread—and I mention it not for his
disparagement, far from it—and rose afterwards to
fill every important office under the federal govern-
ment; American ambassador at nearly every court
in Europe; judge of the Supreme Court of the United
States; Secretary of State; and at last President;—
with all the emoluments .of all these places in
full, is not content, because he has not had his
due share of the current advantages of the Amer-
iban Union; and that noble old Commonwealth,
from which I am remotely descended myself,
and whose honor and prosperity I therefore cherish
with cordial affection, with her $300,000,000 of taxa-*
ble property, her own tariff act, and manufactures
in immense prosperity, her navigation including
Maine, which was once part of Massachusetts, ex-
ceeding that of any other State in the Union, her
commerce, her wealth, her everything that the fed-
eral government can bestow 
The SPEAKER checked the gentleman for irrele-
vancy.
Mr. INGERSOLL said that he would follow the
gentleman from Massachusetts no further in his
aberrations than simply to add, (which was, indeed,
all he intended to say,) that the oldest son and fa-
vorite child was discontented, forsooth, and that old
Massachusetts herself was dissatisfied, because she
had not more of the benefits of the Union; and
those infernal maniacs, the abolitionists, had com-
missioned the member from Massachusetts to come
here and put an end to it.
The venerable gentleman had also rebuked an
honorable gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Saunders,) for connecting the resolution of Massa-
chusetts with its putative paternity, in an identical
resolution of the Hartford convention.
Mr. SAUNDERS here made some explanation,
which was not distinctly heard.
Mr. INGERSOLL resumed, Sir, I have no ex-
planation to give on that subject to the member from
Massachusetts, who, besides boasting of his courage,
vapors likewise about the great dangers he over-
came by waging war upon the Hartford convention.
Now, I happen to know all about it; and, as he pro-
vokes a mere disclosure of the truth, I take this oc-
casion to say that we know, as yet, nothing of his
hostility to the Hartford convention. When that
detestable cabal made their attempt upon the Union,
no worse then than his now, he was abroad in
Europe, officially denouncing to the Russian prime
minister the folly and weakness of the war we were
waging against Great Britain; or at Ghent, negotia-
ting a peace which he deemed necessary, because,
with but three frigates for a navy, five regiments for
an army, a weak and penurious government, what
could we expect but defeat and disgrace? He was
saving us by peace from the Hartford convention,
while we were saving ourselves by manly war.
Long after it was all over,and when, the' Hart-
ford convention became a putrid suid;
cass of despicable disaffection, the scorn and &Kjs-
ion of every man, woman, and cliil4 ifr.ffte isgtfaferj
and the member from Massachusetts wSs.it Candi-
date for the presidency, none so .brave as fKe^jder.
nounce and trample upon the Hartford. convention.
JVots constat whether, if he had been here during its
session, he would have been so brave an opponent of
it. . ,
After thus, Mr. Speaker, following flie mem-
ber from Massachusetts through the fftghts of
bravery and patriotism, on which he has" thought
proper to expatiate, let us come down to, the only
subjec't I brought to the attention of the House—-his
friend Oliver Oldschool, whose portrait of the "calm
dignity" and innocent manner of the venerable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts proves beyond a ques-
tion that he is not much of a limner, however he
may excel as a letter writer. Sir, I object entirely
to the plea of procrastination which the member
from Massachusetts has put in to defend his friend
the portrait painter from your immediate and abso-
lute action, Mr. Speaker, which is what I demand
of you on this occasion, as representing the dignity
and power of the House, as it ought to reflect the
dignity and power of a great people.
The member- from Massachusetts, so patriotic that
he abhors the Hartford convention, is also so much
of a democrat that he cannot abide the absolute ac-
tion of the presiding officer of this House upon a
flagrant offender. Now, sir, that is exactly what I
call for at your hands. These reporters and letter-
writers are all here tenants at sufferance—tenants by
good behavior. And so are we ourselves: every
member of this House holds his seat by the tenure
of good behavior. We cannot eensure and.abuse
each other, without liability to restraint and punish-
ment; nor should the Speaker, whose duty it is to
check us, suffer the interlopers of the lobby to in-
dulge in licentious calumnies derogatory to our pro-
ceedings, disgraceful to our country, and detriment-
al to our government. The rule of this House, sir,
I read when I was up before; and 1 beg leave now
to confirm it, by calling your attention to the new
rules industriously elaborated in a special commit-
tee, of which I was an humble member, under the
chairmanship of the honorable gentleman from .Mas-
sachusetts—who succeeded to that office after the
honorable gentleman over the way, [Mr. Wisk,]
whom you appointed to it, left us, on a visit to his
family. According to the rules of committee honor,
I am not permitted to divulge individual sentiments
there; but I am permitted to say that the new rules
(which Mr. I. read) clearly indicate the great pains
taken in that committee to exclude from the galle-
ries of this House all but fair and honest reports of
the reality of its proceedings. Letter writers may
calumniate or caricature us if they will; we are al-
ways liable to those abuses; but as representing
70,000 respectable and decorous people on this floor,
I will never suffer their rights, of which I am the
real trustee here, to be violated by traduction, palm-
ing itself upoiKthe community as an authorized ver-
sion, a true report of the proceedings of this body.
Mr. Speaker, the rules, both old and new, give you
the absolute power to admit (and of course, by irre-
sistible implication, to exclude) reporters, letter
writer, of a class unknown to our regulations, mul-
tiplying so fast upon our deliberations that, w_hen-
ever 1 go home, after a session of Congress,. 1 am
congratulated by my constituents and friends, as if
I had escaped from scenes of daily dreadful and
deadly violence and danger. In vain do I endeavor
to convince them that these dangers are the chime-
ras of the letter writers, and very seldoni part of the
deliberations of the House of Representatives. It was
justly remarked, I may be permitted to say, m the
course of the industrious labors of the Committee on
Rules—-it was justly remarked by a gentleman of
great distinction and respectability, (looking round
towards Mr. White, the late Speaker,) that unless
the number and licentiousness of these letter-writers
could be reduced, long before the next census they
would exceed the number of members on this floor,
and usurp and abuse all its functions. Yes, sii,
men addicted to fear—men who are not afraid of
other men in the performance of their public duties,
are obWd to dread the secret daggers of these calum-
niators,"and are often deterred from what they deem
indispensable duty, by the anonymous pens brandish-
ed all around us by the permission of our presiding
officer according to what seems to be a rale of this
House. The scene which occurred yesterday, be-
fore t}ie meeting of the House, behind your chaii'j
