Mr. Speaker, is the natural offspring of such a pa-
rentage. The fisticuff, the bludgeon, the dirk, the
pistol, the musket, lynch law, with all its abomina-
tions, are the only resort, unless we are vindicated
according to legitimate regulations. Therefore it is,
sir, thatl brought up this .case the moment I saw it,
without an instant's hesitation, after a short, hur-
ried, and imperfect consultation with one or two
friends, because, not being of the most flagrant
character, it is just, I conceive, of the proper
kind to begin with. Individual protection, I re-
peat, I do not ask of you, Mr. Speaker, or of
anybody else. But as a member, the trustee of oth-
ers, who hare confided their public interest to my
care, i call upon you to enable me to perform that
duty without the fear of calumny, ridicule, and
abuse, superadded by false reports ofthe authorized
tenats of places in this Houss, to the plentiful out-
pouring of that sort of visitation which is the lot of
every public American. Sir, no man has ever heard
me complain of this; it hardly disturbs my nerve or
my temper; but it shall not, if I can help it, through
me, disfigure and disgrace the representatives
of my country. I do not seek these things, or any
other occasion, for quarrel and commotion, but anx-
iously avoid them. The newspaper I hold in my
hand came accidentally to my knowledge through
the kindness of $ fellow lodger, where my apart-
ments are; in this city—for, as Sir Fretful Plageary
says, in the play of The Critic, "there js always
some damned good natured friend or other to bring
these things to our notice." Suppose any member of
this House were to say of another what is written
here of its procedings: would it be endured? Would
riot its indecorum be instantly put down, its repeti-
tion punished, and, if reiterated, might not expul-
sion be the only atonement for such disorder? And
shall we permit these chartered libellers, who "clip
us round about," who live upon exaggeration and
excitement, who knead their daily bread by egregi-
ous misrepresentation of (for the most part) quiet and
orderly deliberations of this body—shall they be en-
couraged or endured in these monstrosities? I venture
to assert, from some personal experience of the truth,
that no representative body is less disorderly than
this; that the parliamentary representation of Eng-
land, France, and Spain, are more tumultuous, and
oftentimes more disorderly; whereas this corps of
letter-writers, these freebooters of the press, by
strings of daily calumny ejaculated from this Capi-
tol over the broad expanse of these United States,
and returned upon us by general indignation and rep-
robatioiij give Congress forth to the world as habit-
ually guilty of those excesses which arc the chime-
ras, not of their imaginations, but, as in the present
instance,of their downright and lubberly misrepresen-
tations of what everybody here knows to be the
truth. Therefore it is, Mr. Speaker, that I have
taken up one of the first stones of this kind that, as
far as the subject has been brought to my attention,
has been lately cast at me, and acting on a prompt,
and I trust honest, impulse, I make a pomt of it.
1 call upon you, sir, as one of those who placed you
where you are—I do not mean as one of any party,
but as a member of this whole body—to withdraw
the letter-writing facilities of this Oliver Oldschool.
1 tell you, upon my own responsibility, that his
name is Nathan Sargent: I do not know that he will
have the meanness to deny his name; but, if he
does, I promise to prove it. I ask for no immediate
action; I submit no resolution; but I call upon you,
as the presiding officer of this House of Represent-
atives, to protect its members from interruption, in-
consistent with deliberation, and extremely inju-
rious to the well being of a body, which, I trust,
without distinction of party, will feel that all are
equally interested to put an end to such abuses.
Mr. D. P. KING addressed the House at some
length in relation to the resolution of the Legislature
of Massachusetts for the amendment of the constitu-
tion; in the course of which he stated that the peti-
ions upon which that resolution was founded were
signed by 60,000 freemen of Massachusetts.
Mr. GILMER inquired whether that petition was
not drawn up and signed by a runaway negro from
Virginia.
Mr. KING replied that, as to that, after he ran
away, if his freedom was purchased, he was a free
man.
Mr. GILMER. Purchased without the consent
of his owner.
Mr. KING proceeded. He presumed the peti-
tion was signed by freemen only; for, in Massa-
chusetts, they had no slaves; every man created in
ihe tilings of his Malw
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. King was here called to order by several
members.
The SPEAKER observed that the gentleman
could not be permitted to proceed, as objection was
made.
Mr. CL1NGMAN moved-that the gentleman
have leave to proceed in order.
Leave being granted—
Mr. KING proceeded; and some debate ensued
upon points of order; after which,
Mr. "WISE wished to say a word on this matter.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. C.Johnson]
had called on the members of the House to say what
they knew about this man, in his character of a
letter writer; for that he was a letter, writer could not
be denied. Nathan Sargeant was not on the floor
to speak for himself, and he therefore would not in-
terfere with his character, if he was not connected
with the privileges of the House. As he was thus
called on to speak of that man's character, as connected
in some sort with the House, he would say, of his
own personal knowledge, corroborated by his letters,
and corroborated by the oaths of respectable wit-
nesses, in one of the courts of this District, that he was
a most mendacious letter-writer, continually false in
his statements relative to members of Congress, and
proceedings ofthe House; and this was proved upon
him by the oaths of respectable witnesses on exam-
ination in one of the courts of this District. Further-
more, what he knew ofhis character was, that when
called upon personally to account for his lies, this
man's cowardice proved to be commensurate only
with his mendacity.
Mr. C. JOHNSON made some remarks, which,
from the noise of conversation in some parts of the
House, the reporter could not hear. He was un-
derstood, however, to express the opinion that some
measure ought to be adopted to put a stop to the
license taken by letter-writers, and to limit the num-
ber admitted on the floor, which produced confusion
in the House and among the members. He there-
fore submitted a distinct motion, that no reporters be
admitted within the bar of the House, but those be-
longing to the city papers. This, in his opinion,
was the only way to get rid of the abuses they com-
mitted.
The SPEAKER remarked to the gentleman from
Tennessee that his proposition was one that went
to a change of rules, and could not be introduced
without notice.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then said that he would, on
the first opportunity, give the required notice.
Mr. HOLMES would barely remark that, in his
opinion, the best conclusion of the proceedings was
in the very mode suggested by the gentleman. Sure-
ly, if there was not in that chair the power and
right and vigor sufficient to keep this House in or-
der, and prevent these ebullitions of temper from one
member to another, the dignity of the body, which
was supposed to concentrate, in some meas-
ure, that of nation, was at an end. The pow-
er must extend in a circle from the Chair to
control and keep in order not only all who were
members of the body, but those who, by courtesy,
were permitted to come within the hall to record its
proceedings. The remedy was not to be found in a
motion to expel—exciting those very feelings that
ought to be suppressed—-imt. in the exercise of the
power of the Chair. So help him God, had the
honor fallen on him to preside over that body, he
would not hesitate an instant to call to order any
member, be he the most distinguished or the most
humble, if he transgressed against those rules of
courtesy and decorum which should characterize
their proceedings; and, if necessary, would call for
the assistance of the House to aid him in preserv-
ing order; and if any reporter or letter writer
should interfere to excite angry freclings among the
members, and misrepresent what took place here,
he would expel him with ignominy. He was sure
the families of members would bless the presiding
officer as a peace-maker, for pursuing such a
course.
Mr. WINTHROP hoped, that whatever was
done, either by the House or by the Speaker,
would be done at least after a night's sleep. He re-
marked the other day that the House had been en-
gaged in the discussion of first principles. They had
had the habeas corpus act under consideration; and
then the right of petition; and now it seemed to him
that they had the question of the freedom of the
press before them.
Mr. P. KING called the gentleman to order, on
the ground that there was no question before the
Houss,
Mr HOLMES insisted that there was a question
before the House, and that the member had a right
t°Mr.Cp.(''KING made some remarks on the point
of order, which the reporter could not collect, as the
position of the gentleman is such that he cannot be
seen, and hardly heard, at the reporter's desk
The SPEAKER stated that the debate had been
permitted to proceed by the general consent of the
House, amounting, as the Chair thought, to a sus-
pension of the rules. He could not, therefore, call
a gentleman to order after others had been permitted
to speak on the subject.
Some further conversation took place; wnen
Mr. HOPKINS raised the point of order, that
as there was, in fact, no question before the House
on which the previous question could be moved, and,
therefore, no way of terminating the discussion, it
was out of order. . . ,
The SPEAKER again stating his opinion, and.
declining to arrest the discussion,
Mr. HOPKINS appealed.
An irregular conversation ensued on the point in-
volved, in which Messrs. DROMGOOLE, HOP-
KINS, BARNARD, WINTHROP, C. JOHN-
SON, W. HUNT, and SCHENCK, took part;
when a motion was made by some member to ad-
journ; and
The SPEAKER was about putting the question
on adjournment; when
Mr. SCHENCK insisted that a motion to adjourn
was not in order while he had the floor.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the ad-
journment, and resulted as follows: yeas 52, nays
127.
Some irregular conversation then ensued, in which
Mr. PAYNE, Mr. BIDLACK, Mr. SCHENCK,
Mr. BARNARD, Mr. MORRIS, and others, took
part. Ultimately, the subject was indefinitely post-
poned, on the motion of Mr. McCLERNAND.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then called for the orders
of the day.
The SPEAKER said the order of the day was
the report of the Committee on Rules; on which
Mr. J. A. Wright had the floor.
Mr. HARDIN moved an adjournment; which
was withdrawn, after an attempt to get the yeas and
nays thereon. '
Several members wished the order of the day to
be superseded, as it could not be expected that the
gentleman from Indiana could calmly discuss that
important question, after so much excitement had
prevailed in the House.
And, after some conversation, the subject was
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole, jn order to
take up for consideration the private bills upon the
docket. . .
The motion was negatived, upon a division—66
rising in the affirmative, and 78 in the negative.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY,
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. HUBARD: The petition of the heirs of
Capt. Wm. Evans for a revolutionary invalid pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions. Also, papers containing additional evi-
dence in behalf of the claim of the heirs of Major
Tarlton Woodson for commutation pay: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. PRATT: Five petitions for a mail route
from Prattsville, through Lexington, Westkill, and
Millville, m the county of Greene, to Sliandaker
and Pattensville, in the county of Ulster; all m the
State of New York: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of sundry
citizens of Campbell county, Kentucky, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from Newport,
by the mouths of Five-mile and Twelve-mile creeks,
and Carthage, to Beallmont, in said county: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of in-
habitants of Dupeyster, New York, to abridge the
franking privilege, and reduce the rates of postage.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of Gouverneur, New
York, for the same objects: both referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Bv Mr. C. M. READ: The petition of citizens
of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, asking n rmv
