Feb. 1844
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess,
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr* Dromgoole,
H. of Eeps. f
be refunded because it had been wrongfully imposed
in the first instance; because the general had been
guilty of no offence whatever, and he ought, there-
tore, to be believed from the imputation and stigma
of an unjust condemnation and punishment. He
was right, exactly right, in what he did—right in
the act, right in the purpose, and right in the ground
which he has constantly insisted on for his justifica-
tion. The same ground of justification is insisted on
here, and it is to establish that very ground of justifica-
tion (because, in truth, there is no other) that this
bill is offered and urged upon Congress; and that
ground of justification is just what I have stated it to
be, namely, the rightful supremacy of the military
over the civil authority, in the unlimited discre-
tion of every military commander in the field, in
time of war. On this ground expressly the vote
of members on this floor is demanded. Noth-
ing else and nothing short of this will do. It
is not enough that, overlooking his high-handed of-
fences, the mem has been twice elected President of
the United States by a grateful, forgiving, and too
confiding people; but he now demands that we shall
formally adopt and ratify his worst conduct and his
most dfangcrous opinions; that we shall partake
of his guilt; that we shall become accessory
to his crimes committed against the very, life
of the constitution and government of the country.
Far one, I shall not do it. And for the honor of the
country, for the sake of human liberty, for the credit
of that great conservative party to which it is my
pride and pleasure to belong, J could have hoped
that no man, calling himself a whig, would put his
hand to such a measure as this. No whig, I know
very well, will do so because he approves or means
to ratify the conduct and opinions of General Jack-
son in the matter to which the bill relates, or adopt
or sanction the grounds on which his defence and
justification are made to rest. But so the bill is in-
tended to operate, and so, if it passes, it will oper-
ate, in the view of the great body of the American
people. With a proper declaratory clause, I would
myself give back this money to General Jackson.
Without that, I cannot do it. This fine now stands
as the only just rebuke remaining of record of any
of the numerous acts of lawless disregard of consti-
tution and laws which have so much distinguished
and illustrated his whole career. It is the only thing
left to show that the people can rebuke the tyranny
of a successful soldier. I would say, let it stand, un-
less it can be remitted with a saving to the consti-
tution and laws; and, at any rate, so far as my vote
or influence can go, it shall stand.
SPEECH OF MR. DKOMGOOLE,
of virginia,
In the House of Representatives, February 13, 1844—
The following resolutions, reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections, being under consideration:
Resolved, That the second section of "An act for
the apportionment of representatives among the sev-
eral States, according to the sixth census," ap-
proved June 25, 1842, is not a law made in pursu
an£e of the constitution of the United States, and
valid, operative, and binding upon the States.
Resolved, That all the members of this House (ex-
cepting the two contested cases from Virginia, upon
%which no opinion is hereby expressed) have been
elected in conformity with the constitution and
laws, and are entitled to their seats in this House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, having obtained the floor,
remarked that, although the usual hour of adjourn-
ment had armed, he desnrd no delay or indulgence,
and should proceed this evening to express his
views, and *hus contribute to save the time of the
House He paid the debate, had been continued
without interruption for srve;\ entire days, and to
the exclusion of all other business. The majority
here occupied a responsible condition to the coun-
try. On one hand, they desired to avoid the impu-
tation of illiberally to then* opponents, and a design
to evade this question, and to suppress discussion;
on the other hand, they felt it'to be their duty not
to allow the gu-at interests of the nation to suffer by
a tediously procrastinated debate on a single subject.
It was time, he said, that this debate .should termi-
nate, and that other matters, both important and in-
dispensable, should receive our deliberate considera-
tion.
Mr. Dromgoole moved to amend the resolutions
reported by the committee, by striking out all after
the word "Resolved," in die first resolution, and in-
serting, m heu thereof, the following:
"That all the members of' this House, excepting
the two contested cases from the State of Virginia,
(upon which no opinion is hereby expressed,)
elected from the States of Maine, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, Connecticut, Vermont, New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Kentucky, Ten
nessee, Ohio, Louisiana, Indiana, Illinois, Alabama,
Arkansas, and Michigan, have been duly elected,
and are entitled to seats in this House as members
from the States aforesaid.
uResolved, also, That the following members from
New Hampshire, to wit: Edmund Burke, John R.
Reding, Moses Norris, jr., and John P. Hale, have
been duly elected, and are entitled to seats in this
House as members from the State aforesaid.
ilResolvedy also, That the following members from
Georgia, to wit: Edward J. Black, Alexander H.
Stephens, Hugh A. Haralson, Absalom H. Chan-
nel], John H. Lumpkin, Howell Cobb, William H.
Stiles, and Duncan L. Clinch, have been duly elect-
ed, and are entitled to seats in this House as mem-
bers from the State aforesaid.
uResolved, also, That the following members from
Mississippi, to wit: Jacob Thompson, William H.
Hammett, Robert W. Roberts, and Tilghman M.
Tucker, have been duly elected, and are entitled to
seats in this House as members from the State
aforesaid.
"Resolved, also, That the following members from
Missouri, to wit: John Jameson, Gustavus M.
Bower, James B. Bowlin, James H. Relfe, and
James M. Hughes, have been duly elected, and are
entitled to seats in this House as members from the
State aforesaid."
The question before us (said Mr. D.) is one of
great delicacy to ourselves, and of vital im-
portance to the States of this confederacy. We
have to form an opinion of the constitutionality,
the validity, and effect of an act of Congress, which
passed both houses with the usual formalities, and
received the approval of the President. We have
likewise to pronounce upon the constitutionality and
sufficiency of the legislative acts of four of the sove-
reign States of this Union, in conformity with which
the number of representatives to which they are
respectively en titled, under the last apportionment,
has been elected. Twenty-one members have been
returned as elected, and now hold seats on this floor.
A due regard to the, right of the States to exercise
independent legislation upon matters left with them,
or enjoined upon them; a proper veneration for the
inestimable right of the people of each State to
choose their representatives in Congress; and a
solemn sense of the obligation to support the consti-
tution of the United States,—must all be in the mind's
contemplation in the prosecution of our inquiries,
and in the formation of our final judgment. A de-
cision against the act of Congress, in this instance,
will only declare it a brutvm fulmen> and leave it a
harmless and inoperative provision on the statute-
book. The legislative thunder of the 27th Congress
will die away in empty sound, without having con-
strained State legislation; without having affected
the freedom and purity of suffrage; and without
having impaired the great State right of regulating
popular representation. To sustain the act—to
decide that it overwhelms, annuls, destroys the
regulations of four States, makes void their
duly certified elections, and utterly defeats
their representation as stipulated in the com-
pact of Union, is indeed appalling in its conse-
quences. Such judgment would rudely eject from
this House the entire representation of these four
States—twenty-one in number—who (it is not ques-
tioned) have been fairly elected. Mr. D. mennt by
the phrase "fdirly elected" that the elections had
been fairly conducted—that the electors had, with-
out compulsion or improper interference, volunta-
rilv exercised their suffrage—that their votes had
been honestly counted and correctly summed up—
that the returns certify the true results, and are in
conformity with the expressed will of those who,
by the constitution, are entitled to choose represent-
atives, The bare statement of the case—of its
inseparable connexion with the rights of the States
and of the people—and of the consequences involved
in its decision, show the propriety of applying
those fundamental rules of construction so perspic-
uously laid down, and conclusively enforced, by an
honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Chappell.]
The jealous spirit in which the States adopted the
constitution requires a strict construction of that in-
strumeht, so as to avoid all infringment of the rights
reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.
The powers of the federal government are conferred
and limited by the compact which instituted it, and
to which the States are parties. It cannot exceed
the definition of its powers, or transcend the object
and purposes of their grant without the guilt of
usurpation and the crime of unlawful encroach-
ment. If, upon a fair interpretation, its acts are
found inconsistent with the grant, unauthorized or
forbidden by the letter of authority, then being un-
warranted, they become void and of no effect.
The right of this House to pass upon the consti-
tutionality, the force, or virtue of the second section,
declaring that the members of Congress from each
State shall be elected from districts, has, in the prog-
ress of this debate, been generally admitted. A
doubt, however, has been suggested, and the right
denied by one gentleman, [Mr. Vinton of Ohio.]
This House is made expressly, by the constitution,
the judge of the elections of its own member's. The
validity of the elections of the members from four
States depends upon the constitutionality, the extent
of the obligation, and the nature of the operation of
this second section. If it be contrary to the consti-
tution, if it be inoperative from any cause, and im-
poses no binding obligation, then it does not annul,
impair, or alter the regulations prescribed in those
States, and consequently does not affect the validity
of elections made in pursuance of them. The ques-
tion of the virtue of this second section necessarily
arises in judging of the elections: it is involved in
it, and cannot be separated from it. This House
cannot exercise the constitutional power of judging
of those elections, wtihout embracing in its judg-
ment an opinion of the effect of the second section.
The principle which would require this House to
recognise the sufficiency and controlling efficacy of
the second section, without question or examination,
would leave no room for deliberation in judging of
the elections, and would exact a conformable opinion
without the free exercise of thought in its forma-
tion. Such a principle, such a rule of decision
would leave the empty form of procedure—but
would abrogate the substance of the power of judg-
ing of the elections. The very House charged with
judging of the rights of its own members to seats,
according to their most enlightened understanding,
and the best dictates of reason, and with proper re-
ference to the indications of the. public mind existing
in the constituent body, is itself forestalled. The
power of judging, given without dependence or quali-
fication, is substantially superseded by the pre-judg-
ment of a prior Congress.
There is—there can lie—hut one rule which is
safe, agreeable to reason, and according with the
rights of all. Where the power of judging and deci-
ding is given to any tribunal by the constitution,
and the question of the constitutionality or validity
of any law is involved, that question must necessa-
lily be decided, so far as it affects the case in issue;
and that decision is binding on those whose rights
or privileges are to be adjudged. The power of
judging is a farce, if the faculties of the mind are to
be dispensed with in forming a judgment; and the
oath to support the constitution is worse than an un-
meaning ceremony, if, in deciding a case within
competent jurisdiction, an enactment deemed uncon-
stitutional or void is to prevail over a conscientious
interpretation of that sacred instrument. The sol-
emn oath to support the constitution fails to shield
the constitution against the spirit of encroachment,
and the progress of usurpation. If it be safe to in-
trust to the House the power of judging of the elec-
tions of its own members, there can be nothing
monstrous in intrusting it also to examine the con-
stitutionality and validity of the enactments both of
Congress and of the State legislatures, upor the sul -
jeet of those elections. On the contrary, it has hern
'made clear (said Mr. t>.) that it is consistent to do
so; that it aids in arriving at liijht and truth; and, in
fact, is necessarily and inseparably embraced in the
power of judging. In the examination of controvert-
ed elections in the House of Representatives, State
laws have been put aside and disregarded, as con-
travening the constitution, and impairing the popu-
lar right of choosing representatives. And upon
what "round can the distinction be maintained, that
this House may apply the test of the constitution
and the well-received principles of legal construc-
tion to the statutes of the States, but dare not sul -
ject the enactments of Congress upon the same sul -
]eet to similar scrutiny? Congress and the State le-
gislatures are empowered to pass laws on the stibjet t
of elections.
The several enactments of these legislative bodies
upon the sarne subject must be construed together,
subjected alike to the constitution and to the estabi
