1§8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mr. Clingmak,] which elicited the eloquence of
Pox; and his opposition was to the acts of Parlia-
ment of 1795, prohibiting seditious meetings. But
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cung-
m an) said that Mr. Fox did not speak upon the re-
ception of petitions, because nobody doubted the
fact that they ought to be received; but let him tell
the gentleman that the proposition was never doubt-
ed then, that Parliament had and did, constantly ex-
ercise the right of refusing to receive petitions. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,]
not content with mere assertion, had attempted\o pro-
duce authority to that point; but though assertions
in matters of law were the feeblest arguments that
could be adduced, it was but too evident that those
who preceded him dealt chiefly in assertion, which
was certainly the most politic course they could
pursue. The gentleman had found a single instance
which supported his position; and as it was an oasis
in the desert, a single green spot amidst a sandy
waste, it was not surprising that he should have
sagely siezed upon it, and desired its inscription on
the pillars of this hall. That sentence, however,
was the mere dictum of the author, and in opposi-
tion to the constant practice of Parliament, and con-
tradicted by the sentences which immediately pre-
ceded it, as well as that which followed. He
would read those sentences. They were as follows:
[Mr. S. here read two sentences from Hatsel,
which the reporter has not at hand to quote.]
In the first sentence he had quoted (Mr. S. said)
the practice of refusing petitions was clearly ac-
knowledged, and, in the latter, the declining to receive
them was considered as no hardship. In the hasty
view which he took of this work, he collected a
few other instances of the rejection of petitions in
the British Parliament, and he would cite the fol-
lowing: [Here Mr. S. cited some fourteen or fif-
teen cases in which the House refused to receive pe-
titions.] This showed, he said, that the practice
was not confined to the period adduced by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, but extended down to
1668; and showed, also, that Parliament was in the
constant habit of rejecting petitions, and that, too,
on subjects of taxation—the most important ones to
the people—and on which the right of petition should
be held most sacred. The purpose, therefore, which
the gentleman proposed by the rejection of this 21st
rule, was not sustained by the English practice.
But, said Mr. S., as we are referred by the gentle-
man from New York to English practice to learn
humanity, let us look at the reasons given by those
who were for rejecting petitions there, and compare
t'lem with the reasons given here for receiving them.
The principle upon which this rule for rejecting pe-
titions in England was adopted, appears'to befhis:
that, as taxation was extended, in fact, over every
part of the kingdom, and imposed burdens on all
the people alike, it could answer no purpose, for
B ly particular portion of them to state this as a
gnevance to the House. Now, how did that reason
correspond with the reasoning of the petitioners
here? They s.iy that a particular institution, not
extending over the whole country, but confined to a
particular section of it, and not imposing any bur-
dens whatever—that it could answer no purpose'
No, but that it could answer a good purpose for
them to petition about a matter m which they have
no interest or concern.
The reasoning of the gentleman from Massachus-
etts was, that the people of England, though bur-
dened by taxation almost to povei ty and ruin, must
have then- petitions rejected; but that these abolition-
ists, burdened with nothing but their own sickly
sensibilities, must h.ave their petitions received and
considered. The most objectionable feature that the
gentleman from Massachusetts found in the rule,
was, that it attempts to prescribe on what subjects
the people may petition. This, the gentleman said,
was in opposition to the constitution, and at war
with parliamentary practice. Why, the rule only
attempted to reject such petitions as aim at the de-
struction of the constitution, which he would at-
tempt presently to show: but whilst he was on the
subject of parliamentary practice, let us, said he,
let us inquire what it is.
The SPEAKER announced to the gentleman
that the morning hour had expired; and Mr. S. took
his scat.
Mr. THOMPSON appealed to the House to go
into Committee of the Whole, to take, up the pri-
vate calendar, which he said had not been taken up
tiiis session.
The SPEAKER asked the gentleman to suspend
his motion until he laid before the House some ex-
ecutive communications.
The SPEAKER then communicated the follow-
ing:
FLORIDA INDIANS.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
War, containing the information called for by a res-
olution of the House, respecting the number of In-
dians remaining in Florida; which, on motion of Mr.
LEVY, waa laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
LEAD MINES.
A communication from the War Department, in
answer to a resolution of the'lOth instant, containing
information relative to the lead mines of the United
States; which, on motion of Mr. DODGE, was
laid on the table, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. '
DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
A communication from the War Department, in
answer to the resolution of the 18th instant, trans-
mitting a report from the Topographical Bureau,
containing information respecting the Delaware
breakwater.
On motion by Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
A message from the President of the United
States, enclosing a letter from the Secretary of State,
accompanied by a note from the Spanish Minister,
on the subject of the schooner Amistad; which,
On motion by Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE
HOUSE.
Mr. BLACK again asked leave to submit the
resolution (given above) in relation to reporting the
proceedings of the House; and moved for a suspen-
sion of the rules for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCIi moved to amend the motion so
as to suspend the rules generally, and altogether.
On taking the question, the motion was rejected,
and the rules were not suspended.
Mr. PARMENTER moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole, to take up
bill No. 4.
Mr. WELLER observed that this, regularly, was
private bill day; and he supposed, therefore, it
would require a vote of two-thirds to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole for any other purpose.
The SPEAKER said that the question would re-
quire a vote of two-thirds.
On putting it to the House, it was decided in the
negative.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Gilmer in the chair,) for the purpose of taking up
the private calendar.
Hie first bill taken up was A lull to provide for
the adjustment of titles to lauds in the States of Mis-
souri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Ala-
bama, and the Territory of Iowa, and to authorize
claimants to institute suits to try the validity of their
claims.
Mr. THOMPSON contended that this was a pub-
lic bill; and that it ought to be set aside, and proceed
to the next private bill.
Mr. SLIDELL begged leave to observe, that he
h.id consulted with many members of great expe-
rience in the House, and he had been informed by
them that this was a private bill, within the ordinary
understanding of the term. He trusted that the
committee would not pass it by because it was a
long bill, for it was necessarily so to include the
various private interests connected with the subject.
It was a most important bill, and deserved the
speedy consideration of the House. It affected the
rights of individuals only, and provided the means
by which those rights should be ascertained and
settled.
air. CAVE JOHNSON called for the reading of
the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON said the point was whether
this was a public or a private bill. He contended
that it was a public bill.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
CROSS, SLIDELL, RAYNER, JAMESON,
and others, took part, on that point.
Mr. DICKINSON called for the reading of the
bill, that the House might know what it was.
Cries of "It's too long."
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON made a few observa-
tions, in which he was understood to contend that
this bill was a public one, and should not be taken
up amongst private bills.
Messrs. VINTON, R. D. DAVIS, and others,
having made some observations,
Mr. THOMPSON submitted amotion to pass the
bill by.
The subject was further debated by Messrs. C.
JOHNSON, RAYNER, BARNARD, and SLI-
DELL.
The subject was passed over; and
The committee then took up for consideration the
bill for the relief of John McLaughlin; which was
adopted, with an amendment.
The bill for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers and marines of the schooner Grampus,
lost at sea, was taken up for consideration.
A debate ensued upon the proposition of Mr.
Hopkins to amend the bill by striking out the provi-
sion for the relief of the brothers and sisters of the
deceased in case neither the widow, child, or paeent
of the deceased existed.
The debate was continued by Messrs. THOMAS-
SON and WISE in opposition to the amendment,
and by Mr. RATHBUN in favor of it.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. LEVY moved an amendment so as to make
the bill applicable to the Sea Gull, one of the vessels
of the exploring expedition.
Mr. WISE said the government had noofficialin-
formation of the loss of the Sea Gull; and he recom-
mended the reference of that subject to the Naval
Committee.
The subject was debated by Messrs. WISE, LE-
VY, and PARMENTER.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. BELSER moved to amend by erasing the
words which gave to the surviving relatives six
months' pay, in addition to the pay for the time of
actual service of the deceased.
Mr. SLIDELL opposed the amendment
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
SCHENCK and RATHBUN.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the bill by striking
out the enacting clause.
This motion was ruled out of order; and,
On motion of Mr. WISE, the committee rose, and
reported progress.
The amendment, made in committee, to the bill
for the relief of John McLaughlin, was adopted;
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time on Monday.
Mr. FICKLIN asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files the joint resolutions of the
legislature of Illinois, asking a grant of lands for the
construction of the Northern Cross Railroad, in the
State of Illinois.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR presented resolutions of
the legislature of New York, on the subject of the
expenses of the general government; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a resolution, which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. FISH: Petition of Lewis B. Loderand oth-
ers, for a grand of land to the State of Indiana, to
aid in the construction of the Wabash and Erie
canal.
By Mr. TYLER: Petition of David Fisk and
others, praying for the erection of a light-house at
the mouth of Cattaraugus creek, New York, and for
the prosecution of unfinished works at that place.
By Mr. DEAN: Petition of Samuel Clarke, a so'-
dier of the last war, who was wounded on du-
ty as a soldier, for an invalid pension.
By Mr. PERLEY B. JOHNSON: Petition of P.
Cooney, and 15G other citizens of Ohio, praying for
a reduction of the compensation of members of
Congress to six dollars per day, without 'any per-
quisites, and for such a through system of retrench-
ment as shall bring the government back to its prim-
itive purity.
By Mr. HAMMET Petition of Woodson Wren,
praying the confirmation of the title of certain
lands therein described, with certain papers showing
his title to the same: refeired to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
