;/?
CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
By Mr. FARLEE: Petition of S. B. Ranson and
others, of the county of Hunterdon, New Jersey,
asking for a reduction of postage, and the abolition
of the franking privilege: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HARPER: Petition of George W.
Manypenny, of Muskingum county, Ohio, pray-
ing for a law authorizing a patent to issue to him
for, certain lands therein described: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. IRVIN: Two memorials, numerously
signed by citizens of Columbia county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a reduction in the rates of post-
age, and a proper restriction of the franlcing privilege:
referred to the appropriate committee.
By Mr. BUFFINGTON: Petition of Josiah
Cepley, of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to inquire into the merits of a vessel
of war.
By Mr. STILES: Petition of the citizens of the
county of Cass, in the State of Georgia, praying the
establishment of a national foundry in the county of
Cass, on the Etowalo river: referred to the Commit-
tee 011 the National Foundry.
By Mr. ROBINSON: Petition of 88 citizens of
Oswego, New York, praying for an appropriation
for continuing the construction of the harbor at
Michigan city, in the State of Indiana. Also, the
petition of 40 citizens of the same place, praying for
a drawback on foreign goods exported to the British
provinces. Also, the petition of 21 citizens of the
same place, praying for the passage of a law granting
to the State of Indiana the public lands in the Vin-
cennes district, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary to complete the Wabash and Erie canal.
By Mr. HAMMET: Memorial of P. B. Key,
praying the passage of a law to authorize the proper
officers to allow compensation for services rendered
by the late F. S. Key, deceased, to the United States,
as counsel in certain cases therein described: refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. MACLAY: Petition of E. Herring, in
relation to the sale of certain paintings: referred to
the Library Committee.
By Mr. DODGE, of Iowa: Four petitions very
numerously signed by citizens of Iowa, represent-
ing that an act was passed by the legislature of
that Territory, chartering an institution of learning,
called "The Iowa City College," under the direction
of a board of (twenty-five) trustees, which charter
makes ample provision for the liberal education of
all classes of citizens, praying Congress to grant a
donation of thirty-six sections of land for the use
and benefit of said college, from the unsold lands
within the limits of Iowa Territory; to be selected
by a committee, to be appointed by the board of
trustees for that purpose, or in such other manner
as Congress, in its wisdom, may direct: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The memorial of the heirs
of Captain Noble: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 29, 1844.
Mr. SIMMONS, of Rhode Island, appeared in his
to-day, for the first time this session.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial and resolu-
tions, adopted by the legislature of Tennessee, on
the subject of the establishment of a naval depot on
the western waters; which he moved to refer to
the Naval Committee having charge of the subject,
and to have them printed: agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from John
fl, Pennington, asking Congress to make an appro-
priation to test the sufficiency of his invention to
navigate the air: referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Also presented several petitions—one signed by
127 citizens of Alexandria, praying Congress to
recharter the Farmers' Bank of Alexandria; from
55 citizens of Virginia, to recharter the Farmers'
Bank of Alexandria and the Potomac Bank; and
from citizens of the village of Piscataway, Prince
George county, Maryland, to recharter the several
banks of the District of Columbia: referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from Shaw &
Corser, contractors for carrying the mail from Port-
land to Augusta, praying Congress to pass a law
authorizing the Postmaster General to make them
compensation for additional labor and expenses
devolved on them as contractors, in consequence of
tjie conduct of the department, which that officer
has no power to allow by provisions of "law: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition from Michael
French, a soldier of the last war, praying arrears of
pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WHITE made a proposition to withdraw
from the files certain papers; but, after a few re-
marks by Mr. KING, and the Chair, showing
that the rules of the Senate forbid such withdrawal,
he withdrew his motion
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from inhab-
itants of Albion, Orleans county, New York, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege and a
reduction on the rates of postage: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented a petition from Edward C. Dele-
van, of Albany, New York, praying Congress to
make a grant of land to the State of Indiana for the
purpose of completing the Wabash and Erie canal;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. KING presented a memorial from Samuel
Bartle, and numerous other citizens of Alexandria,
representing that, under the charter granted to that
town, the council have incurred a debt of upwards
of §500,000, and that their proceedings have become
so improvident as to render property there valueless
to its holders; and they pray that Congress may pass a
law to prevent the common council from incurring
any further debts, and to equalize the taxes there,
by authorizing the taxing of stocks as well as prop-
erty of other kinds: referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition from
John Martin, of the town of Hamtramck, for an in-
crease of pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from John
Good, praying remuneration for injuries sustained
by him from the location of the Cumberland road
through his farm: referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. FULTON presented a memorial from citizens
of Arkansas, on the subject of purchases of land in
what was called the Bowie claim, complaining that
the law for the adjustment of land claims in Arkan-
sas was defective m not permitting the occupier of
the improvements to make an entry of his lands;
and that the price of the lands fixed by the said law
was too high. They ask legislation upon the sub-
ject: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, showing the condition of
the banks in the District of Columbia, was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a memorial from
Alexander Mclntyre, of York, praying that a light-
house may be erected on Western Point, at the
mouth of that harbor: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of eastern Pennsylvania, ask-
ing for a reduction of the rates of postage: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office" and Post Reads.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made adverse reports on the peti-
tion of the children of Thomas D. Conovcr and
the petition of Nahum Ward; which were ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Daniel G. Skin-
ner, of Alabama, praying remuneration for supplies
furnished certain Alabama militia, reported a bill
for his relief; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading, and the report accompanying ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Joseph M.
Hernandez, Duncan L. Clinch, John H. Mcintosh,
Malachi Hagan, and Alexander Watson, praying
indemnity for certain Indian depredations m Flori-
da, reported a bill to provide for the settlement of
claims for losses of property, by reason of its milita-
ry occupation, in the Territory of Florida; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Francis A.
Kerr; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail-route from Clacks-
ville, iri Johnson county, to Carrollton, in Ca:
county, State of Arkansas.- • s , f -
Mr. ARCHER, on leave, introduced a "Bill chaiig-f
ing the time of holding the courts of1 Claiksbuig,
and Wheeling, in the western district of Virginia?
which was read twice, and referred to the Judiciary
Committee ^ *
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the re-*
lief of Francis A. Harrison, of Kentucky; which-
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill forth© relief of James Mcin-
tosh, a'commander hi "the navy of the United States;':
which was read, and ordered to & second reading,
and the report accompanying ordered to be printed.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of citizens of '
Indiana, in behalf of Simeon Kenton; which was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed;
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of the
General Assembly of Missouri, on the subject of
establishing additional military posts for the de-
fence of the western frontier, made an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FULTON gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill in relation to
donations of land to certain persons in Arkansas.
RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
bill to grant a certain quantity of land to jjjd in the
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and
to connect the same by a canal, in the Territory of
Wisconsin. /•
The CHAIR said that the question pending was
on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the latter clause of the first section,
and the whole of the third section of the bill, was
stricken out. He had assented to those amendments
the other day, and voted for them under the expecta-
tion that the bill, as thus amended, would be satisfac-
tory to all the gentlemen who were opposed to the
bill; but he found that there was still some objection
to it; and that there were others, who were better
satisfied with the bill as it stood. He believed that
it would be better to restore the bill to its original
shape. Therefore, he moved to reconsider the vote
striking out the last clause of the first section, pro-
viding that the canal and improvements shall be a
public highway for the transportation of the troops
&c. of the United States; and providing also, that
no greater toll shall be collected than is necessary to
keep the canal and improvements in repair. Also,
the vote striking out the 3d section, providing that
thejjroceeds of the land shall be applied to the im-
provement, under the direction of the War Depart-
ment, or the topographical engineers belonging to
that department. After due consideration he believed
that this section should remain; and that it was bet-
ter, in the present condition in which that country
was, that the works should be constructed under
the charge of the federal government. It would
take some little time before the proceeds would be
received into the treasury to enable the general
government to go on with it. If the bill was passed
i,i this form, it would have the effect to give security
to those who purchase the land, that the work will
in due time be made. They will consequently go
on and improve their lands. In the mean time, when
this Territory comes into the Union as a State, Con-
gress can, if it deem proper, confer the power oil the
State of Wisconsin to finish the works.
Mr. TAPPAN said the Senate had decided, in
making these amendments, that the federal gov-
ernment should not undertake the improve-
ments, but that Wisconsin should, when she sjmll
be admitted as a State into the Union The senator
from New York had assented to these amendments,
and the Senate was satisfied with them; but if the
Senate (as well as the senator from New York) had
altered their minds on this subject, and thought it
better for the officers of the general government to
undertake and build this canal, then the question
should be reconsidered; but if they were satisfied,
as he (Mr. T.) was, that the canal could be better
and more economically done by the State of Wis-
consin, then they ought to vote against the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE made some remarks in favor
of reconsidering the votes striking out the section and
clause alluded to. He showed the graat importance
of the work in a national point of view. He s|jowe4"
