214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sjbss.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Dromgoole.
H. of Reps.
plainest rules of composition and construction. It
is not, however, meant, by adverting to Such faults,
to intimate that they, in the slightest degree, affect the
■validity of the enactment. My purpose (said he)
was to remove all perplexity and embarrassment in
approaching the real, vital, substantive design of
the provision—that the representatives of the sev-
eral States shall be elected by districts. Shall is of the
foture tense; and being used in the third person,
may convey a threat or command, and imply com-
pulsion. Although not expressed, it is well under-
stood; and in this sense has been argued, that this
imperative language commanding a future act—the
division of the States into single districts of con-
tiguous territory—is addressed to the legislatures of
the several States by Congress, which latter body
thereby implies its power to enforce obedience. Now
let the validity of this command be tested. If the
right to issue the mandate existed, the power to en-
force it—the command of the necessary and proper
mnans, would be unquestionable. If there be no
practicable mode of compelling obedience; if there
b« no compulsatory process which may attend or
follow this measure,—then it becomes a vain and nu-
gatory thing, wherefore there could have been no
rightful authority to speak in the language of com-
mand.
The law speaks to command; it does not conde-
scend to parley or to persuade. Where is the sanc-
tion? where is the penalty of disobedience? What
is_ the mode? where are the means of securing obe-
dience and compliance? Can a State legislature, as a
body, or the members individually who compose it,
for refusing to execute the mandate, be placed in
durance as recusants? Can they be made liable to
punishment for the crime of contumacy? None
have had the boldness to maintain such doctrine.
Viewed in the light of a command directed to the
State legislatures, directing the adoption of the dis-
trict system, and prohibiting the general-ticket sys-
tem, it is the veriest brutum fulmen; absolutely a
fiat nullity. It being impotent as a command, rest-
ing on no basis of constitutional authority, not prac-
ticably susceptive of enforcement—the total disregard
of it, the entire want of observance, will not impair
or nullify the validity of State laws. If such laws
would be constitutional and valid, in the absence of
this second section, then they are constitutional and
valid notwithstanding the space it occupies in the
volume of congressional statutes; because a nullity
can neither^ control their interpretation, or impede
their operation. In the absence of all interference,
or attempted "exercise of control by Congress, the
right of the States to provide for the election of all
its representatives by a general vote of the electors
has never been disputed. The general-ticket sys-
tem, therefore, of the four States, is good and suffi-
cient, and must so remain, not to be set aside for
aught that Congress has yet done.
Thus far (said Mr. D.) he had conducted his ar-
gument upon the admission that the expression,
"manner of holding elections," included, in its
meaning, the mode of choosing all the repre-
sentatives for the State at large by the general
voice of the electors, and the mode of choosing, by
districts, representatives severally for the districts
by the qualified voters within the same. With this
admission, still, for the sake of argument only, it
may be demonstrated further, that this second sec-
tion was inert, without effective operation in the very
States whose legislatures cherished a compliant tem-
per, and apparently yielded obedience to this pre-
sumptuous dictation. It has been shown that this
section, asa yule prescribed, is unauthorized and void;
as a transfer of the details of legislation by Con-
gress to State legislatures, is without authority in
the constitution, and nugatory; asa command, can-
not be enforced, rests on no proper authority, and is
vain and powerless. The States might, neverthe-
less, by their legislatures, be divided into districts
of contiguous territory, equal in number to the nunj-
ber of representatives to be elected. This division
into districts might be prompted by a spirit of sub-
mission to federai authority. The formal enactment
mi ht profess, on its face, to be made in pursuance
ana under the authority of the act of Congress; and
yet, in point of fact, in reference to the very legisla-
tion professing crouching obedience to the act, the act
would only be a shadow or pretext, and will not have
exerted any substantial power or authority. It is
indisputable, that without the section under discus-
sion, the States might, voluntarily, rightfully adopt
the district system. If the district system would be
valid without this section, then it does not, cannot,
in the nature of things, ewe its validity to the ex-
istence or authority of it, or of any such provision.
;>The district system must be traced up to a higher
and more salubrious source. It is the exercise of
an original, primary power, resident in the States.
In those twenty-two States to which reference has
been made in debate, with a confident air of triumph,
as having sanctioned and acknowledged the authori-
ty of the act, it has been void and inoperative from
its first promulgation. Their legislation rests not upon
its command or authority for its origin, its efficien-
cy, or its continuance in full force and effect.
Those twenty-two* States, or nearly all of them,
had adopted the district system before the passage
of this act of Congress, in virtue of their antecedent
'ight to legislate independent of Congress.
[Here Mr. Harvard, of New York, inquired if
that State was included in the statement, and denied
that New York had adopted the system before the
.ssage of the act.
Mr. Dromgooee. Does the gentleman deny that
the district system had been adopted before the pas-
sage of the act of Congress?
Mr. Barnard. The single district system had not
been adopted before; for some of the districts were
double.]
Mr. D. continued, he would have no controversy
with the gentleman about the districts being single or
double. He reiterated that New York had introduced
the district system before the act of Congress was
passed, and had continued it, as other States had
done, of her own will, in virtue of her right to legis-
late on the subject, independent of any intimation,
direction, or command of Congress. The system
of elections, by districts, in the several States, rests
upon no such unsubstantial basis as an idle mandate
of Congress. This position becomes still more ev-
ident and conclusive from the fact, that if the act of
Congress was unconditionally repealed, the district
system would still remain, in the several States, in
full operation, deriving its obligatory character from
their rightful power to enact it. Blot out this second
section—expunge it from the statute-book,—and the
district system, as now in force in twenty-two States
of this Union, would remain undisturbed, unim-
paired, quietly, peacefully, but successfully perform-
ing its functions. The second section cannot be the
true, real basis of this plan of electing from single
districts; it cannot be the rightful authority which
sustains the State legislation; for, if so, the repeal of
it would be a removal of the foundation, and the
whole superstructure would necessarily topple.
This second section has gone along with the appor-
tionment of representatives, made under the sixth
census; it has seen twenty-two States laid offinto
districts by their respective legislatures, and would
actually persuade us that its potency had produced
all these legislative movements. The fly on the
chariot-wheel vainly persuaded itself that it exer-
cised an important agency in raising the dust; but
remove the self-conceited insect, and there would be
no diminution of the effect produced by the tramp-
ing of the steeds and the revolution of the wheels.
So, remove this officious, intermeddling companion
of the apportionment act, and it is at once perceived
that, in reality, it has had no substantial efficacy in
the business of State legislation, and that its preten-
sion to power and authority was an empty show.
Admit, (said Mr. D.,) again, merely for the sake
of argument, that the "manner of holding elections'"
applies to the district, and to'the general-ticket sys-
tem; and that Congress may at any time, by law,
alter, or change the latter into the former; yet, the
enactment does not effect, does not make the altera-
tion; and failing to do so, leaves the primary regu-
lations of the States untouched and m unimpaned
vigor.
Suppose that the act in question might be right-
fully made, and that, dispensing with a rigid con-
struction of phrase, Congress, in declaring that the
representatives "shall be elected" by districts, in-
tended only a general direction, induced by the con-
fident expectation that the States would willingly
adopt it, without questioning the authority by which
it was made: in this aspect of the case, the provi-
sion still looks to the future, and becomes contingent,
dependent, and conditional. As the requisite subse-
quent legislation is to proceed from the will of the
States, and not from the unit of Congress, the States
may conform, or decline compliance; and thus the
enactment is not positive and certain, but hangs on
a contingency. Unless adequate State legislation
come to its support, and infuse life and- activity into
it, it must remain, as it came from the hands of
Congress, a mere inchoation. It is, then, in a com-
plete state of dependence, powerless and inopera-
tive. Standing alene, it accomplishes nothing; to
fulfil the purpose of its authors, it must attach and
connect itself with the subsequent legislation of the
States. Without this intimate and auxiliary con-
nexion, it is in a helpless situation. Necessarily,
therefore, it must liaie passed upon the condition
that, to be effectual, it must become so by virtue of
State laws.
This act being originally incomplete, and insuf-
ficient for its object, in every instance where its pur-
pose has not been consummated by the efficient ac-
tion of the States, it must remain inoperative and
impotent as to any effect upon their regulations.
Mr. D. said, it had been attempted by several
gentlemen, during the progress of this discussion,
to justify and sustain this mode of legislation by
precedents. He had no veneration for legislative
precedents; and he denied that they had any bind-
mg and conclusive authority. Cases have been cited
wherein Congress has expressly provided for addi-
tional and perfecting legislation on the part of the
States. The cases produced for the exemplifica-
tion of the authority claimed, do not belong to the
same category of powers with that of the subject in
controversy. The examples, upon which reliance
is placed, are drawn from the exercise of powers
expressly enumerated, and vested exclusively in
Congress. That body having original and exclu-
sive jurisdiction, may initiate legislation without
conflicting with any powers belonguig to the Stales.
The power over elections, confided to Congress, is
disjunctively connected with the right of legislstion
on the part of the States respectively. In reference
to elections, when Congress acts, the purpose is to
alter what has already been done; or to make and
supply such regulations as the States have failed al-
together to prescribe. It cannot seize original juris-
diction, and propose or dictate the form or substance
of enactment to the State legislatures, which have a
prior antecedent right of independent action. The
distinction between the cases put for elucidation,
and the case awaiting our decision, is too glaringly
perceptible to admit of comment, or to require dem-
onstration. But the cases cited will prove diiectly
the reverse of that which they were designed to sus-
tain.
With respect to the power of Congress to provide
for organizing and arming the militia of the several
States. If by organization, is understood the ar-
rangement of the militia into divisions, brigades,
regiments, battalions, and companies, and the pre-
scribing the numbers of which they shall respective-
ly consist, both officers and privates,—then the act
of Congress, so far as it depended upon the volunta-
ry action of the State legislatures, would be inopera-
tive and null, should those legislatures refuse or fall
to supply the auxiliary legislation. If the legis-
latures of the several States should fail altogether to
direct such organization as Congress had prescribed,
it is palpable that, m such a condition of things, the
act would be ineffectual and nugatory. It would so
remain, and would be unexecuted But no forfeit-
ure of right would ensue—no punishment could
be inflicted for recusancy—none would be contem-
plated or attempted. The act would simply remain
inoperative and void; it would be a defective and
impotent exercise of a granted power, and the true
and efficient exertion of the power would await
further perfecting legislation at the hands of Con-
gress or the State legislatures.
So, also, with respect to arming the militia. If
Congress 3hould direct the purchase of so many
stand of arms us would be sufficient for the purpose,
and direct them to be carried and deposited at the
capiiol in each State, to be distributed in such mode
as the legislature might direct, it is evident that the
provision for distribution of the arms would be of
no avail, would be unexecuted, and powerless until
the States should mfuse vj^or into it, and assist us
consummation. Should the States perseveringly de-
cline altogether, and should Congress adopt no ad-
ditional legislation, the act must continue indefinitely
unfilled, and wholly unproductive of any effect. So
it is with the apportionment bill: the State legislation
upon which it lelied to give efficacy to the second
section, in the several States, lias been wholly re-
fused in four States. In those States the provisions
of the second section luuebeen wholly inoperative
and void. The difference between .the cases citrd
for illustration and the one actually involved, con-
sists in the consequences attempted to be deduced
from the fact that four States have wholly disre-
garded the latter. In the supposed exemplifications,
(as has been remarked,) no forfeiture, no penalty,
no punishment of any kind, attaches for the failure
