216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr- Breese.
Senate.
may rightfully make, but which Congress cannot
prescribe or command; and cannot make, alter, or
modify such apportionmant.
The view which he had taken, (said Mr. D.,) and
the construction he maintained, was abundantly sus-
tained by a provision in the amended constitution of
his own State, (Virginia,) adopted in convention on
the 14th day of January, 1830, and subsequently
ratified by a solemn and deliberate vote of the peo-
ple. The provision referred to is the sixth section
of the third article, and is in these words:
"The whole number of members to which the
State may, at any time, be entitled in the House of
Representatives of the United States, shall be ap-
portioned, a« nearly as may be, amongst the several
counties, cities, boroughs, and towns of the State,
according to their respective numbers, which shall
be determined by adding to the whole number of
free persons, including those bound to service for a
term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed,
three-fifths of all their persons.1'
Although (said Mr. D.) his three colleagues,
[Messrs. Newton, Chilton, and Summers,] who had
spoken on the other side, had, without reservation or
doubt, admitted the right of Congress to establish
the district system under the authority to alter the
manner of holding elections, yet it was evident they
had gone counter to the solemen act of the conven-
tion of the State, and of the deliberate affirmance and
ratification thereof by the people in their sovereign
oapacity. It is a settled question—in Virginia at
least;—it is not open to discussion. And (said Mr.
D.) the opinions and actions of some of the illustri-
ous men who composed that body, representing the
sovereign people of the Commonwealth, and charged
with the revision and amendment of their fundament-
al law, might well claim the respectful considera-
tion of statesmen in every quarter of the confederacy.
The people had an exalted veneration for their con-
stitution adopted on the 29th day of June, 1776,
with a bill of rights prefixed as the basis and founda-
tion of government, unanimously adopted on the 12th
day of June, 1776. They would not rashly assail
that form of government which had announced them
free and independent, even before the glorious decla-
ration of the independence of the colonies, and which
was identified with the revolutionary history, with the
civil and military renown of their ancient Common-
wealth. For the work of reformation, therefore,
wherever it was practicable, high reputation, un-
sullied virtue, well-attested patriotism, acknowledged
abilities, were selected. He hoped he would bfc ex-
cused for announcing the names of some of the
members of that august body. Ex-Pri sidents Mad-
ison and Monroe, Chief Justice Marshall, Ran-
dolph, Tazewell, Leigh, Johnson, Giles, P. P. Bar-
bour, Doddridge, Stanard, Upshur, the present Pres-
ident of the United States, members of the Supreme
Court of the State, and many others of fame and
distinction, were members of that body. With
these, were associated others of minor fame and dis-
tinction: of the latter class he was himself an humble
component.
Take out of the meaning of the phrase, "man-
ner of holding elections," the district system,—and
stiil you leave sufficient matter upon which it may
operate. Here is a volume of the laws of Virginia,
passed at the very first session of the legislature
after the adoption of the amended constitution, con-
taining the provision which has been cited. The
volume opens with the constitution; and the first act
m it, is an act concerning the general elections of
the Commonwealth. The tmies, places, and man-
ner of holding the elections are therein prescribed.
But under these heads is no provision for arranging
the congressional districts. That is a matter of sep-
arate and specific enactment. The manner of hold-
ing the elections is, however, fully and distinctly pre-
scribed. The proper officers for superintending and
conducting the elections are designated; their duties
are prescribed, as also the oatiis to be taken for
their faithful discharge. Penalties are visited on
them for corrupt practices, or neglect of duty.
The form and ceremony of receiving and registering
the votes, and the mode of testing and ascertain-
ing the qualifications of electors, are pointed out.
The manner of comparing the polls, the meet-
ing of the officers to sum up the whole number
of votes, the mode of proclaiming the result, the
form of the return to be made, the time within
which it shall be made, all essentially belong to the
manner of holding elections. Holding the election
is one thing; whether the'elector shall vote for one or
all the representatives is another and very different
thing. Whether the elector may vote for one repre-
sentative or for all, need not affect the manner of
holding the election. The number to be voted for
does not constitute any part of the manner of hold-
ing the election. It is not the manner of holding
the election which confers the right to vote; the right
to vote is fixed by the constitution and the law. The
manner of holding the election is the same, whether
the right to vote be exercised in favor of a single in-
dividual or a plural number. He would remind his
colleague [Mr. Chilton]—who had spoken in high
terms of commendation of the act of Congress—that
the election was held in the same manner m Loudon
(where each elector voted for three delegates) as in
the little county of Greensville, where eac^i elector
voted for one only.
But (said Mr. D.) give to Congress, under sem-
blance of the right to alter the manner of holding
elections, the power to lay off the States into districts,
and you thereby draw within the vortex of federal
legislation, subjects which surely could not have
been contemplated by the framers of the constitu-
tion, or by the people of the States who severally
ratified it. Laying off the States into^, districts, in-
cludes the right of territorial subdivisions, without
reference to existing boundaries of counties or town-
ships—without reference to population, or local in-
terests. Federal numbers regulate the apportion-
ment of members among the States; but such rule
would not necessarily bind Congress in an arrange-
ment of districts. An attempt might be made to
apply a basis of numbers to the district system,
variant from that applied to the States. Such
attempt to arrange the districts upon a different rule
of numbers from that applied to the States, would
produce excitement and alarm, and would open the
door to the discussion of slavery and abolition.
The provision in the constitution of Virginia guards
against all sectional dispute, and consecrates, within
the State, the just and equitable compromise con-
tained in the constitution.
If the division of a State into districts be included
within the meaning of the term "manner of holding
elections," then the district system may be applied
to the election of senators, by Congress.
Congress has the same power of altering the time,
or manner of holding elections for senators, as it
has m the case of representatives. It may well be
conceived that Congress might alter the manner of
holding the election of senators, so far as to direct a
joint vote of the two branches, instead of a concur-
rent vote, and vice versa; and might direct the votes
of members of the legislature to be given by ballot
or viva voce. Sucli alterations would be intelligible
and operative. But a division of the State into two
di&tricts for the election of senators would be alarm-
ing in principle, but for the fact that such division
could in 110 way affect the election of senators, and
would necessarily and unavoidably be utterly inop-
erative. The division of a State, in reference to the
election of senators, could it have any operation at
all, would be a direct attack upon its sovereignty
and integrity. It would be a flagrant attempt to
break down the unity of the republic, to uproot the
great fundamental doctrine that the people within
the defined limits of the State compose an indepen-
dent sovereign political community, who, in that
high character, became parties to the compact of
union, and in the same character secured equal
representation in the Senate. The division of the
State, into districts in reference to the choice of sena-
tors, would squint ominously at the destruction of its
sovereignty by degrading it into mere local com-
partments.
Fortunately, however, the Senate of the United
States is to consist of two senators from each State,
to be chosen by the legislature. In the choice of a
senator, the legislature may look through the broad
limits uf the Commonwealth, and cannot be restrict-
ed to the choice of a sectional representative. If
the legislature may (and, indeed, cannot be re-
strained) select from any part of the State, without
reference to local residence, it is manifest that the
division of the State into districts would not, in the
least, affect or control the election, and would be en-
tirely null and void.
Mr. D. thought he had conclusively established,
that Congress had no rightful authority to establish
districts, either for the election of representatives or
senators.
Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. D.,) if any yet entertain
doubt, that doubt should be given in favor of popu-
lar rights. An affirmance of the right of the repre-
sentatives from these four States to hold their seats
' here, as duly elected, will be a decision in favor of
State rights, in favor of popular representation, and
in favor of peace and quiet. Who can undertake to
anticipate all the unpleasant consequences of dis-
franchising four States? Will they tamely submit
to the expulsion of the whole representation of
their free choice? Will other States yield passive
obedience to obnoxious laws, which could not have
been enacted if the four States could have beem
heard by their representatives? A decision in favor,
of the ^members elected, will accord with the great
popular voice which has been already uttered on this-
momentous question. That voice, in indignant
tones, has sternly rebuked the action of the 27th
Congress, and passed unqualified condemnation on
this deformed feature of the apportionment bill.
The second section is doomed. The threatened ap-
peal to the people will but heighten their indigna-
tion, and bring down upon the authors and advo-
cates of this odious assumption of power aggra-
vated condemnation.
SPEECH OF MR. BREESE,
OF ILLINOIS.
In Senate, February 27, 1844—On the motion of
Mr. Archer, of Virginia, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to refer the follow-
ing resolution, submitted on the 8th of January
last by Mr. Semple, of Illinois, to that commit-
tee :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the thir,d article of the convention concluded be-
tween the government of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on the
20th October, 1818, and indefinitely continued by
the convention between the same parties, signed at
London the 6th August, 1827.
Mr. BREESE rose, and addressed the Senate
nearly as follows:
Mr. President: I am deeply sensible of the obli-
gations I am under to the Senate, for the courtesy
extended to me in postponing the debate, on the
motion submitted by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, until to-day. It
was from sheer physical inability to proceed, when
the senator from New Jersey [Mr. Dayton] re-
sumed his seat, that I made the request, so cheer-
fully accorded to me; and the only recompense I
can make for this kindness of the Senate will be, as
brief a discussion of the subject, as its admitted im-
portance will allow.
I do not know, Mr. President, that I can shed
any new light upon it; nor do I believe that the dis-
cussion, however protracted it may be, can present
views differing very essentially from those which
have already been presented by honorable senators
who have preceded me on our side of the question.
My own views, however, feeble as they may be, I
desire to present to the Senate; and, in doing so, fulfil
a duty enjoined upon mc by the General Assembly
of my Stare, whose resolutions are on our files, ex-
pressing their clear convictions that the territory
west of the Rocky mountains between latitudes 42°
and 54° 40' north is ours by an undoubted title, and
instructing me, with my colleague who has moved
this resolution, to use my best exertions to secure to
the United States its sole and exclusive possession.
But, independent of their instructions, such are my
own views of the strength of our title, and such the
interest I take ill it, in connexion with the people at
large of my State, with whom it has been for a long
time a topic of anxious discussion, as one involving
our national honor and welfare in view of the con-
duct of the power claiming against us, that I could
not, in justice to myself and them, let any occasion
pass without giving free utterance to my own and
their sentiments in regard to it.
I trust, Mr. President, I am not unmindful of the
necessity imposed upon American senators, and the
manifest propriety of approaching all subjects con-
nected with our present amicable relations with for-
eign powers, with caution and great coolness and
deliberation. They are of a very delicate texture,
and when once severed, may not be reunited for
years; and then only, perhaps, at the expense of
much blood and treasure. I would not causelessly
and unnecessarily so interfere with them, knowing
that it is difficult to predict, should war be the con-
sequence, how or when it may terminate. Vet, so
far as the subje.ct,-matter of this resolution is con-
