2d 2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and 3 per cent, funds of his State was ordered to be
printed. .
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and, after a short time spent
therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE, OP REPRESENTATIVES.
'Monday, January 29, 1844.
Th$ journal having been read—
Mr. DANA asked leave to present a memorial on
the subject of the reduction of postage; but
The SPEAKER remarked that this day to as-
signed by the rules for calling on the States for reso-
lutions.
Resolutions were then presented and disposed ot,
as follows:
from florida.
By Mr. LEVY:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
' inquire into the propriety of making the usual pro-
vision for the relief of the surviving representatives
of the officers and crew lost in the United States
schooner Sea Gull. Agreed to.
from michigan.
By Mr. J. B. HUNT:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing an appropriation for the erection of a light-house
at the mouth of the Clinton river, on Lake St. Clair,
n the State of Michigan. Agreed to.
By Mr. McCLELLAND:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting an appropriation for removing the bar and
obstructions at the mouth of the Clinton river, on
Lake St. Clair, in the State of Michigan.
from alabama.
By Mr. DELLET:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads inquire if any person or persons
have, in opposition to the laws of the United States,
established offices, and provided conveyences for
transporting letters, papers, and other mail mat-
ter, ill violation of the regulations adopted by Con-
gress from time to time for the government of the
post offices of the United States; and report to this
House the result of their inquiry.
from missouri.
By Mr. RELFE:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a post-route from New Mad-
rid in Missouri, to Oseola, in the county of Missis-
sippi, in Arkansas. Agreed to.
[Mr. RELFE also presented a letter addressed to
him by David Myerle, an agent appointed under
direction of the late navy board, to give instructions
and encouragement m the culture of hemp for the
use ofthe navy; giving statistical information of the
growth, produce, anil manufacture of hemp in the
United States, and its adaptation to naval purposes.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.]
from illinois.
liy Mr. ROBERT SMITH:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ofma-
kme provisions for all examination of the harbors of
Alton, Chester, and Cairo, in the State of Illinois,
and St. Louis, m the State of Missouri, in connex-
ion with the harbor of Memphis, in the State
of Tennessee, and such other points as they may
deem expedient, with a view to ascertain the most
eligible site for establishing a naval depot and yard
forthe building and repairing steamships, and other
vessels of war. .
Resolved, That the Committee on IS1 aval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a marine hospital at the junction oi the Mis-
sissippi and Ohio rivers.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested
to inform this House the reasons why the Bicnninl
Register has not been delivered in conformity to
law, and when the delivery thereof may be ex-
pected.
cumberland road.
By Mr. FICKLIN:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to this
House the amount of money expended in each of
the States of Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia,
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, for the construction of
the Cumberland road; and the estimated amount ne-
cessary to complete said road to the city of Jefferson,
in the State of Missouri; and also, that he report the
amount of the two per cent, fund which has accrued
in each of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri, upon the sales of public lands within
their respective limits; and also, that the Secretary of
War give his opinion as to the importance of said
road to this country, as a military post road.
Agreed to.
By Mr. McCLERNAND:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting an appropriation for removing the bar and
obstructions at the mouth of the Clinton river, in
Lake St. Clair, in the State of Michigan. Agreed to.
joint resolution" for the purchase of
water-rotted hemp.
Mr. HARDIN submitted the following joint res-
olution; which was read:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
ofthe United States of America in Congress assembled,
That there is hereby appropriated the sum of #50,-
000, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary ofthe Navy, for the purchase of water-rotted
hemp for the use of the navy of the United States;
of which sum $30,000 shall be expended for hemp
grown in the State of Kentucky, and the remainder
for hemp grown in the States of Missouri and Illi-
nois, and the Territory of Iowa.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN moved to amend the reso-
lution by inserting the State of Indiana; but the res-
olution being objected to, lies over for one day.
public printing.
By Mr. KENNEDY:
Resolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment
be instructed to inquire and report the printing done
for each of the two Houses of Congress separately
each year since the 4th day of March, 1829: the
names of the persons by whom the work was done
each year for each House; the prices fixed for the
work by the laws or resolutions m force at the sev-
eral times the work was contracted to be done; the
changes, if any, made m such prices by the laws or
resolutions passed after contracts for doing the work
were entered into; the aggregate amount of the dif-
ferences, if any, between the prices actually received
by those who did the work, and the prices fixed by
the laws or resolutions tinder which they contracted
to do it; and whether there have been any violations
of their contracts or any imposition practised by any
of the persons who contracted to do the work in the
execution of or in tlicir charges for the work; and
if so, when, by whom, in what particular, and to
what amount. Agreed to.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. W. J. BROWN offered a joint resolution to
fix the adjournment of the present session of Con-
gress 011 Monday, the 20th day of May next.
It was read twice.
Mr. CRANSTON moved to strike out "20th" and
insert "1st;" which was agreed to.
The SPEAKER put the question on the resolu-
tion as amended.
Mr. McDOWELL suggested another amend-
ment, by adding the words "provided the public
business will permit."
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut, thought the
resolution was premature.
The .SPEAKER said it was not debatable.
Mr. SEYMOUR, then, would move to lay it on
the table.
Mr. RT-IETT inquired if it would not go over as a
matter of course, under the rule, if it were objected
to; and being answered in the affirmative, he ob-
jected.
Mr. HENLEY moved a suspension of the rules, so
that the resolution could be acted upon now.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested to the gentleman from
Indiana, that the same vote would take the resolu-
tion from the table, that would be required to sus-
pend the rules.
The motion to suspend was, however, persisted
in, and the yeas and nays were called for and order-
ed, and they resulted thus—yeas 115, nays 59; so
the rules were not suspended, two-thirds not voting
in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS SMITH, of In-
diana, certain papers were taken from the files of
the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, by leave, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
required to report to this House what amount the
district attorneys, clerks of the district and circuit
courts, and marshals of the several districts of the
United States have returned to the Treasury De-
partment since March, 1841, as having been receiv-
ed by them respectively for fees and emoluments
each year; what amount each has retained for com-
pensation to deputies, and what amount for office
and other expenses, and what amount for themselves,
each year; also, at what time each annual return is
required to be made by these several officers.
bounty lands.
On motion of Mr. C. B. SMITH,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding, by law, that all persons who enlisted in the
United States army between the year 1818 and the
commencement of the late war with Great Britain,
and served for a period of five years, and received a
regular discharge, shall receive a quantity of bounty
lands equal to that given to those who enlisted du-
ring the war, and served for a period of three years.
imports.
On motion of Mr. SAMPLE, by leave,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
required to lay before this House a statement, in a
tabular form, showing the quantity of potatoes and
wheat imported into this country for each year sep-
arately from the year to 1843, both inclusive; and
from what countries they have been imported, and the
amount from each country; and also to what duties
they were respectively subject for each year.
courts.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency and pro-
priety of rearranging the district and circuit courts
of the United States in the State of Virginia.
mail route.
On motion of Mr. J. W. DAVIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of establishing a post route from Moorsville,
in Morgan county, Indiana, by the way of Wades-
ville, in Owen county; thence to Mill Green; thence
to upper falls of Eel river; thence to Samuel Kauf-
man's; and thence to Dyer post office, in Clay
county; and that they also inquire into the expedi-
ency of establishing a post route from Mount Pleas-
ant, in Martin county, by way of Harrissville, in
said county, to Bedford, Lawrence county, Indiana.
wabash and ohio canal.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS presented the resolution of
the general assembly of Indiana, relative to the
completion of the Wabash and Ohio canal, (present-
ed heretofore, February 4, 1843;) which was refer-
red to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
mail stages.
Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a daily line of tour-horse
post mail-stages from Louisville, Kentucky, by the
way of Salem, Bloomington, Cloverdale, Putnam-
ville, Greencastle, Parkeisburg, and Crawfordsville,
to Lafayette, Indiana, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
indians.
Mr. McDOWELL moved the following resolu-
tion, which was read; and debate arising thereon, it
was laid over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to report to this House a bill
providing pensions for the surviving Indian-fighters
who were engaged in the Indian war in the West
from the year 1783 to the treaty of Greenville, in the
year 1795; and that the same conform, in its princi-
ples and provisions, with those set forth in the bill
reported to this House by the Hon. Mr. Weller,
of Ohio, some time since, and referred by them to
said committee.
PUBLIC LARDS.
On motion of Mr. EMERY D. POTTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ap-
propriating the refuse and unsold Congress lands in
the State of Ohio not embraced in the alternate canal
sections granted to the State of Ohio for the purpose
j of draining, and otherwise improving said lands.
