CONGRESSIONAL €&OBt
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. BLACKWELL offered the following; which
was read:
Resolved, That from and after the first Monday in
February next this House, when it adjourns, will
adjourn to meet at II o'clock, a. m.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia, moved to strike out 11
a. m. and insert 3 p. m.; wluch amendment giving
rise to debate, the resolution was laid over.
MARINE HOSPITAL.
On motion of Mr. ASHE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a marine hospital at the city of Memphis, in the
State of Tennessee.
MAJOR GENERAL GAINES.
On motion of Mr. SENTER, by leave,
Resolvei, That the President of.the United States
be requested to furnish to this House a copy of the
report of Major General Games to the Secretary of
War, dated October 10, 1842, together with a copy
of the letter of the Second Comptroller to Capt. J. B.
Grayson, U. S. army, dated April 7, 1843; the lat-
ter being necessary to an explanation of the former.
MAIL-ROUTE.
On motion of Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be, and they are hereby, instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a mail-
route from Rogersville, in Hawkins county, to Rus-
selville, in Jefferson county, Tennessee; and that
they have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
NAVY PENSIONS.
On motion ofMr. CULLOM,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding, by a general law, for placing all such persons
on the pension roll as in their opinion are entitled to
relief, so as to supersede in future the necessity of
special enactments for the benefit of those who have
been disabled in the army of the United States.
SALES OF USELESS NAYALSTORES.
On motion of Mr. C. JOHNSON, by leave,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to inform this House this quantity of old iion,
copper, or other materials, which has been collected
and sold at the several navy yards within the last
twelve months; at what yard; the amount of sales;
whether sold for cash or on credit; the names of the
purchasers, and their places of residence; and in
what manner the proceeds have been disposed of;
and by what authority, or under what law, the
same has been done.
WIDOWS OF REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS.
Mr. TIBBATTS offered the following joint reso-
lution; which lies over one day:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State of .America in Congress assembled,
That the benefit of an act entitled "an art grant-
ing half pay and pensions to certain widows," ap-
proved July 7th, 1838, shall not be withheld from
any widow whose husband Has died since the pas-
sage of said act, or who shall hereafter die, if said
widow shall otherwise be entitled to the same.
PRIVATE CLAIM.
On motion of Mr. GRIDER,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of paying to
Samuel Perry, the amount deducted from a freight
bill, under a contract witliMcClure & Co., for trans-
portation of Indian stores, and an additional amount,
claimed for detention and the expenses incurred
thereby: adopted.
REPORTING DEBATES.
Mr. EDWARD J. BLACK asked (he Clerk to
report the resolution which lis hud offered on Satur-
day last, respecting reporters, as a resolution now
offered by him. J t was, he said, a mere resolation
of inquiry into the expediency and practicability of
employing a corps of report ersfor the House, and he
hoped it would be adopted.
Mr. FRICK said it was certainly a resolution of
inquiry, but of that kind of inquiry which he
thought ought not for a moment to be entertained.
Mr. BLACK (debate being about to arise upon it)
withdrew the resolution.
POST ROUTE.
On motion of Mr. BURT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the post Office
and Post Roads be requested to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post-route from Newber-
ry court house, in Newberry district, to Woodville,
in Abbeville district, in the State of South Carolina.
LIBRARY.
On motion of Mr. WOODWARD,
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Libra-
ry be instructed to inquire into ■ the expediency of
purchasing for the library of Congress, toe library of
the late Hugh S. Legare.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. CAMPBELL offered the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day:
Resolved, (two-thirds of both Houses of Congress
eencurring,) That the following amendment to the
constitution of the United States be proposed; which,
when ratified by three-fourths of the legislatures of
the several States, shall be valid to all intents and
purposes as a part of the same:
The seventeenth paragraph of the eighth section
of the first article of the constitution shall read as
follows:
To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases what-
soever over the buildings and grounds owned by the
United States within the District of Columbia; and
to exercise like authority over all places purchased
by the consent of the Legislature of the State in
which the same may be, for thfe erecting of forts,
magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful
buildings; and shall, by law, ■ retrocede to the States
of Maryland and Virginia severally all rights of
legislation over other parts of the said District here-
tofore ceded by them respectively to Congress,
whenever the legislatures of those States shall have
signified a willingness to accept the same.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. McKAY offered the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repreeentatires
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled,
That, from the price of all printing hereafter to be
done by order of either House of Congress, and now
directed to be paid for at the prices established by
the joint resolution of 3d March, 1819, there shall be
deducted fifteen per centum from said established
prices. Provided, That the printing executed for the
House of Representatives since the commencement
of the present session, shall be paid for at the prices
fixed by resolution of said House, adopted on the
7th ultimo.
After some conversation between Messrs.
CAMPBELL, McKAY, and HOPKINS, the previ-
ous question was seconded, and the main question
ordered.
Mr. SEYMOUR called for the yeas and nays on
the main question; which were ordered, and the roll
being called, the result was—yeas 131, nays 27, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barringer, Benton, Bidlaek,
Jas. Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier, iiowt r.
Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhotf, Brodhead, Aaron V.
Brown, William J. Blown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Cary,
Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A Chapman, Chappell,
Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, i-ueh-
ard R. Davis, John VV, Davis, Dean, Dellet, Dickey, Dick-
inson, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, lhinlap,
Fllis, Farlee, Foster, Fiench, Flick, Gilmer. Willis Green,
Byram Green, Grider, Hale, Hamlin, Haralson, Hays,
Henley, Ilernck, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston. Hubard, Hub-
bell, Hughes, Hungerlord, James B Hunt, Clias.j lnger-
soll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Periey B. Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin,
McCausIen, Maelay, McClelland, iUcConnell, McKay, .Ma-
thews, Joseph iiorris, Aiurphy Norris, Owen, Parmer.tei,
Payne, Pe> ton, Emery D, Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Ratlibim,
David S Rcid, Rello" Rhett, Hitter, Rogers, Russell, St.
John, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, Da-
vid L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T Smith,
Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Steemod,
Stetson, John Stewart, Stilts, Strong, Taylor. Thomas-
son, Tibbatts, Tilden, Vanmeter, VMieaton, White, Wil-
liams, Wlikins, Joseph A Wright, and Yost—131
NAVS—Messrs. Adams, Belser,Euftington, Chilton Col-
tainer, Cranston, Garrett Davis. Deberry, Fish. Florence,
Giddings, Grinnell, Hudson, ashington Hunt, Joseph R
Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Mellvame, Marsh, Edward J.
Morris, Aloseley. Nes, Newton, Alberl Smilh, Stephens,
Summers, Vance, and Winthrop—-27.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. FRICK then moved for a reconsideration of
the vote just taken, but the motion was rejected.
Mr. WISE asked permission to present to the
House a communication which he had received
from a gentleman whose conduct had been im-
peached, by a document some time since presented
to the House by the delegate from Florida, [Mr.
Levy;] and on his motion it was committed to
the Committee on the Judiciary,
On the motion of Mr. NEWTON, certain papers
were withdrawn from the files of the House.
Resolutions were then offered—
FROM VIRGINIA.
By Mr. STEENROD:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire and to report to this
House—
1. What retrenchment, if any, has b£en made in
the expenditures of the government sinca the
4th day of March, 1841; and, if any, in what
such retrenchments consisted, to what amount it
extended, in what department or branch of the pub-
lic service, and when and by what law or resolutioBs
it was made.
2. What was the difference between the income
and the expenditures of the government for the fis-
cal year immediately preceding the 4th day of
March, 1841, and what has been such difference for
each of the fiscal years since that time.
3. What were the appropriations for the ordinary -
services of the government annually for the two
years immediately preceding the 4th day of March,
1841, and annually for the two years since the 4th
day of March, 1841.
4. To what amount the taxes upon the people
have been increased in the form of increased tariff
duties, imposed by laws passed since the 4th day of
March, 1841, giving the result of the comparison
between the laws in force on that day, with those
since passed, in detail, and in the aggregate, in tab-
ular form.
5. What was the exact amount of the national
debt on the 4th day of March, 1841; and in what
the debt consisted; also, the exact amount of the
debt at this time, and in what it consists. Agreed to.
By Mr. TAYLOR:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a mail route from Luney's
creek, in the county of Hardy, in the State of Vir-
ginia, to Crab Bottom, in the county of Pendleton,
m the same State; and that they report by bill or
, otherwise. Agreed to.
By Mr. HUBARD:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire and report to this House, as far
as practicable, the number of persons who applied
for the benefit of the late bankrupt law; the number
who were discharged from the payment of their
debts under that law; the number to whom such
discharge was refused by the courts; the number of
applicants still pending; the aggregate number ofthe
creditors given in by the applicants; the aggregate
amount of debts given in by them; the aggregate
amount of property surrendered; the aggregate per
centum paid on the aggregate debts given in out of
the aggregate property surrendered; and the aggre-
gate costs of the judicial proceedings had under the
law. The whole of the above facts to be arranged
in tabular form by States and Territories respective-
ly. Agreed to.
By Mr. ATKINSON:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to inform this House what number of ma-
rines and watchmen are now employed at the re-
spective navy-yards; whether the watchmen are ma-
rines or citizens; the amount paid to the watchmen;
if citizens, by what auth6rity they are appointed,
and by whom, and out of what appropriation are
they paid. Also, a comparative statement, showing
the difference between the pay of the watchmen now
employed and of marines; whether there has been
property stolen from the navy-yards in consequence,
probably, of the want of sufficient guards stationed
within the stud yards; and what arms, if any, the
watchmen carry to protect the publicproperty; what
would be the probable cost of transportation of ma-
rines from one yard to another to form guards for
sea-going vessels; and what amount of money, if
any, can be saved by having sufficient guards at the
respective navy-yards to meet such emergencies; and
also, whether it would not be cheaper, safer, and
more expedient, to employ marines as guards at the
respective navy-yards, than citizens as watchmen.
Agreed to.
By Mr. CHILTON:
Resolved, That the petition and accompanying pa-
pers of William Newton, for an increase of pension,
winch were before the last Congress, be taken from
the files of the Clerk's office of this House, and re
ferrcd to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
Agreed t®.
