2d4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By Mr. SUMMERS:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post-route from Charleton,
Kanawha county, "Virginia, by way of the upper
falls of Coal river and the falls of Guyandotte river,
to Wayne court house, in the Commonwealth
aforesaid.
By Mr„FOSTER:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting to Henry Newingham scrip for the bounty
land to which William Marshall, a soldier of the
revolution, was entitled in his life time; and that his
papers, now on the files of this House, be referred to
that committee. Agreed to.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the House refused to suspend
the rules to admit the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Brown,] fixing the day of ad-
journment of Congress; and on this he called for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to lay that motion on the
table.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the
motion to lay on the table; and as a division was
called for, he counted the House, and reported 77 in
the affirmative, and 15 in the negative; being less
than a quorum.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved a call of the
House; which was negatived.
The question was again taken on laying the mo-
tion of reconsideration on the table; on which 85
voted in the affirmative, and 22 in the negative; be-
ing still less than a quorum.
Mr. GILMER moved a call of the House.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the yeas and nays
thereon, as they would show who was present, and
who was absent.
Mr. FRICK moved an adjournment, on which
the yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted as
follows—yeas 19, nays 157:
YEAS—Messrs. Cross, It. D. Davis, Dellet, Frick, Maclay,
Marsh, Norris, Emery D. Potter, stephens, and Vance—10,
NAYS—Messrs. Adam3, Ashe, Atkinson, Baker, Barrill-
fer, Barnard, Beardsley, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, K J.
lack, James Black, Blaekwell, Bossier, Bowlin, Boyd,
Jacob Brinkerholt', Biodliead, Aaron V. Brown, Miiton
Brown, Wm J Brown, J. Brown, Bnflington, Burke,
Caldwell, Cary, Carroll, Catlm, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Chilton, Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Cullom,
Dana, Daniel, (i Davis, John VV. Davis, Dean, Deberry,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dnncan, LHm-
lap, Kllis, Farlee, Fickhn, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster,
French, Giddings, Giimer, Willis Green, Byranl Green,
Grinnell, Gnder, Hale, Hamlin, Hardin, Ilaiper, Hjys,
Herriek, Iloge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hud-
son, Hughes, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Charles J. lngersoll, Joseph It. Ingersoll, irvin,
Jameson, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, Geo. V/. Jones, Preston King, Daniel P.
King, Kirkpatriek. Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin,
Lyon, MeCanslin, McClelland, McConnell, Me.Dowell, I\lc-
llvaine, McKay, Mathews, Edward J. Morris, Joseph
Morris, Morse, Murphy, Nes, Newton, Owen. Parmenter,
Patterson, 1'aj nc Peyton, Puidy, Kathbun, Itayner, C.
M. Reed, David s Ueid, Relfe ititter, Robinson, Itogers,
Russell, St. .John, Sample, Sclienek, Senter, Severance,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Albert Smith,
John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Steeniod,
Stetson, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Sykes, Taj lor,
Thomasson, Thomp' on, Tibbats, Tilden, T}ier, Vanmeter,
Vinton, Wlnatun, White, Williams, Wilkms, Yvmthrop,
Wise, and Yo t—157.
The motion to adjourn was negatived; and a mo-
tion for a call of the House was withdrawn. The
motion to lay upon the table was then carried.
PENSION LAWS.
On motion by Mr. RAMSEY,
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House have pub-
lished tn pamphlet form for the use of the House,
five thousand copies of the pension laws, now in
force, with the forms of application, &c.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE ALLEGHANY RIVER.
On motion by Mr. BUFFINGTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Alleghany river, from the city of Pitts-
burg, in the State of Pennsylvania, to Olean, in the
State of New York.
BUREAU OP STATISTICS.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That a select committee of five members
be appointed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing, in connexion with the Treasury Depart-
ment, a bureau of statistics of commerce.
Mr. P. said that the purpose he had in view was
the establishment of a bureau in connexion with
the Treasury Department, whose duty it should be
to take charge of the statistics of the country; that
is, gather all the information of that character, as
connected with the agriculture, commerce, and
manufactures of the country, and to reduce the
same to convenient tabular form, so systemized
and simplified as to make it easy of reference. The
statistics thus embodied would be invaluable, not
only to facilitate legislation, but to secure enlight-
ened and correct legislation. It was not only im-
portant that the representatives of the people should
have a condensed view of the result of labor in this
country, of every kind, in an official and authentic
form, but that the people themselves should have it;
for while it would assist the former in legislating
correctly, it might direct the latter in the application
of their labor. The plan he proposed was not one
to increase expense, but to economize expenditure;
whilst it was intended to lessen the enormous ex-
pense of extra clerk hire, now consequent upon Ihe
frequent calls by Congress on the departments for
information, which will be furnished by such a
bureau, it is intended to have the information in
such form as could be relied upon. It will be pro-
ductive of a great saving of money for extra clerk
hire., and gx-eat economizing of the time of the legis-
lative branch of the government—which will be
money saved. The sessions of Congress are pro-
tracted in some measure, in consequence of the delay
in procuring information from the departments, upon
which to base legislation. This evil will be correct-
ed by the adoption of the plan, for the bureau
of statistics will be prepared at a moment's notice to
lay before Congress all the information of a statisti-
cal nature which might be desirable.
PRINTING.
Mr. W. HUNT submitted the following; which
lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment
be directed to ascertain the lowest priccs at which
responsible printers will perform the printing of the
present House by contract, with good and sufficient
sureties; and that the sum allowed to the present
printer of the House shall not exceed ten per cent.,
m addition to the prices for which said printing may
be obtained by contract.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
By Mr. BIDLACK:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-ar-
ranging the judicial districts of Pennsylvania for
holding the United States courts. Agreed to.
LIBRARY.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL,
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Libra-
ry be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
purchasing the library of the Durazzo family in
Italy. Agreed to.
' HARBOR AT PULTNEYVILLE.
On motion of Mr. BYRAM GREEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire as to the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation to i mpro ve the harbor at Pult-
neyville, Wayne county, New York.
MANUFACTURED WOOL.
On motion of Mr. SEYMOUR,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish this House with a statement
showing the quantity of "coarse icool unmanufactured,
the value whereof at the last port or place whence export-
ted to the United States, it seven cents or under per
povnd," which has been imported into the United
States, and paid duties since the present tariff went
into operation, and for two years previous, at eight
cents or under, and the amount of such duties.
PRIVATE.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL,
Resolved, That the papers in the case of Maria
Ostrander, Elizabeth Elsworth, and Tabitha Wil-
liams, be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Resolved, That the papers in the case of John El-
win be taken from the files and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims; and that the papers in the case
of Peter W. Short be taken from the files and refer-
red to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PORT JEFFERSON.
By Mr. STRONG:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the preservation and improve-
ment of the inlet to Port Jefferson Bay, on Long
Island.
POSTAGES.
Mr. MURPHY offered the following, which lies
over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by law that the postage on let-
ters between New York and Brooklyn, and between
New York and Williamsburg, be the same as is
now established for letters between the upper and
lower post offices in the city of New York, or of
making some other provision for facilitating the
transmission of letters between those places through
the mail.
NAVAL OFFICERS ON FURLOUGH.
Mr. DANA presented the following, which lies
over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quired to report to this House the number, rank,
and names of the officers of the navy who are now
on furlough, the length of time they have been on
furlough, the length of time they have been in ser-
vice, and the amount of their pay when on duty
and when on furlough respectively.
LIGHT-HOUSE.
On motion of Mr. J. B. HUNT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing an appropriation for the erection of a light-house
at the mouth of Clinton river, on Lake St. Clair,
Michigan.
Mr. CARY presented the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of New York on the subject of re-
trenchment in the expenses of the general govern-
ment; and on the subject of a reduction of postage,
and of abolishing or modifying the franking privi-
lege. They were ordered to be printed.
ARMY OFFICERS ON FURLOUGH. •
By Mr. RATHBUN:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required
to transmit to this House the names and rank of all
officers of the army of the United States absent
from duty, on furlough or otherwise; the term for
which such furlough or leave of absence was grant-
ed; the amount of monthly or yearly pay received
by each of said officers while so absent from duty,
and also the amount of such pay while on duty;
and that he be also required to transmit to this
House the names and grade of all officers of the
corps of topographical engineers who are absent on
furlough, the time for which such furlough was
granted, and the amount of pay monthly or annu-
ally received by each while on duty. Agreed to.
Mr. DANA moved to suspend the rules, to ena-
ble the resolution, which he had previously offered,
to be considered. And upon this motion the vote
was taken by tellers; and resulted—51 in the affirm-
ative, and 47 in the negative.
No quorum voting—
Mr. DANA moved a call of the House; which
motion not being seconded, was withdrawn.
Mr. ELLIS moved the adoption of the following
resolution, which he had previously offered, and de-
manded the previous question:
Resolved, That, with the concurrence of the Sen-
ate, the two Houses of Congress will adjourn sine
die on the first Monday of May next.
Mr. BLACK desired an opportunity to offer an
amendment, to the following effect:
"Provided, That, by that time, the tariff law
should be modified, or remodelled and brought down
to a revenue standard."
Mr. WISE rose to make some observations, but
was reminded by the Speaker that debate was not
m order: the resolution must lie over.
Mr. WISE said he merely proposed to tell an an-
ecdote; if that was equivalent to debate, he pre-
sumed it would have to lie over.
RIVER THAMES.
Mr. CATLIN offered the following; which liea
over:
Resoleed, That the Committee on Commerce b®
