218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong—1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
and all other islands in that bay, together with the
island of Grand Menan, in the bay of Fundy proper,
to belong to them. But Astoria was not delivered
up until the following year; and the measures of this
government, preparatory to it, (such as sending an
agent in a slosp-of-war to the northwest coast, and
associating its commander in the commission to re-
ceive the surrender,) were closely scrutinized by
Mr. Bagot, (the British minister here,) who then
asserted, for the first time, that the country was al-
ways "a partof his BritannicMajesty's dominions"—
an assertion, in which he was not sustained by a sin-
gle fact in the case; virtually disavowed at the time
by Lord Castlereagh and Lord Bathhurst; the for-
mer of whom, in a conference with our minister at
London, (Mr. Rush,)—admitting the force of his
remark that it was notoriously captured during
the war, and ■ must be delivered up under
the treaty—acknowledged, to the fullest extent,
"our light to be in possession while treating of the
title;" and the latter, by his despatch, requiring the
partners or agents of the Northwest company to
give due facility to the reoccupation of that settle-
ment by the officers of the United States without
any qualification or reservation whatever. What
private despatches their envoys may have had, and
communicated to this government verbally, which may
be supposed to have included a reservation of their
claim, thereafter to be adjusted, to the territory in
question, can have no effect to give additional validity
to such claims. We are to inquire what was actually
done by their authorized agents. We cannot know
how the verbal communications to our State depart-
ment, if any were made, were received. We can
suppose the head of that department would scarcely
admit of any such supposed reservation, but would
insist, as the treaty stipulated, for its unconditional
surrender, or for none at all.
The surrender was unconditional; it is not clogged
with any reservation of any right whatever; here it
is, it speaks for itself:
"In obedience to the commands of his Royal
Highness, the Prince Regent, signified in a despatch
from the right honorable the Earl Bathurst, address-
ed to the partners or agents of the Northwest com-
pany, bearing date the 27th of January, 1818, and in
obedience to a subsequent order, dated the 26th of
July, from W. H. Sheriff, esq., captain of his Ma-
jesty's ship Andromache, we, the tndersigned, do, in
conformity to the first article of the treaty of Ghent,
restore to the government of the United States,
through its agent, J. B. Prevost, esq., the settlement
of Fort George on the Columbia river.
Given under our hands, in triplicate, at Fort
George, (Columbia river,) this sixth day of October.
1818.
"F. HICKEY,
"Captain of liis Majesty's ship Blossom.
"J. KEITH,
"Of the Northwest company."
And here is our acceptance:
"1 do hereby acknowledge to have this day re-
ceived, in behalf of the government of the United
States, the possession of the settlement designated
above, in conformity 10 the first article of the treaty
of Ghent.
"Given under my hand, in triplicate, at Fort
George, (Columbia river,) this (itli of October, 1818.
"J. B. PREVOST,
"Agenl foi the United States."
As in the delivery of Castnie, so ill that of Asto-
i-ia, no reservation was made—no claim advanced to
the possession of, or title to, either.
Famed, as England justly is, for hei diplomacy,
A'ould she have permitted the execution of the tieaty
in this way, and acquiesced in it, if, in good faith,
she believed herself entitled to any portion of the
country west of the Rocky mountains? Would she
not have set forth specifically, her lights there, and
guarded them with the same caie she did her right
to the islands? It seems not only remarkable, but a
reproach upon her acuteness and sagacity, that she,
Dtlieving—honestly, as is now pretended—she had
a title or claim, should have consummated the treaty
vithout providing for its adjustment.
it is true, Lord Castlereagh, in a conference with
Mr. Rush, before the delivery of the place, suggest-
ed a reference of the question to commissioners; but
our minister, feeling conscious there was no ques-
tion to refer, rejected the proposal, and relied upon
the terms of the treaty. This unconditional sur-
tender ought to be considered as a final disposal of
her vague and undefined claim.
negotiations at london in 1818.
Pending these things, our plenipotentiaries,
Messrs. Rush and Gallatin, were engaged in a nego-
tiation with the British government through Messrs.
Goulbourn and Robinson, one of the subjects of
which was, the extent of our rights in the fisheries
on the coast of Newfoundland; and the other, our
northern boundary west of the Lake of the woods.
The result of it, was the convention of the 20th of
October, 1818, the second article of which provides
for the parallel of 49° westward from the Lake of
the Woods, as our northern boundary, to the Stony
mountains, and the third, which we now seek to
abrogate, as follows:
"Art. 3. It is agreed that any country that may
be claimed by either party on the Northwest coast
of America, westward of the Stony mountains,
shall, together"with its harbors, bays, and creeks,
and the navigation of ail rivers within the same, be
free and open for the term of ten years from the
date of the signature of the present convention, to
the vessels, citizens, and subjects of the two pow-
ers; it being well understood that this agreement is
not to be construed to the prejudice of any claim
which either of the two high contracting parties
may have to any part of the said country, nor shall
it be taken to affect the claims of any other power
or State to any part of the said country; the only
object of the high contracting parties, m that re-
spect, being to prevent disputes and differences
amongst themselves."
Our proposition was to extend this line on the
parallel of 49° west, to the Pacific ocean, which
was instantly met by the audacious reiteration of
the demand of the free navigation of the Mississip-
pi. A demand so exorbitant could not but be in-
stantly rejected; it could not even be considered, for
then four States had grown up on its banks, and a
fifth, (Illinois,) had petitioned for admission into the
Union. What other nation but England, proud,
and arrogant, and grasping, as she is, would have
met a proposition so conciliatory, so friendly, and
so conducive to the success of their own great en-
terprises in that quarter, in such a spirit, and by
such ail unconscionable demand!
It is evidence to my mind, sir, that the British
government did not desire to fix, definitively, this
boundaiy. She manifested 110 disposition to settle
it. Her traders and chartered power were in the
country, reaping rich harvests from its wild produc-
tions; and she felt it was her interest to let it be as
it was—to let matters rest as they were, and diplo-
matize for a joint occupancy, the advantages of
which, she well knew, from the character of our in-
stitutions and habits of our people, would be all on
her side. She knew that a joint occupancy in
terms would be an exclusive occupancy by her sub-
jects in fact; and it was a feat of diplomacy to ob-
tain such a stipulation.
In this negotiation, our title derived from France
by the treaty of cession of 1803 was not urged. It
seems to me it should have been; for by it we could
have claimed the country upon the principle of con-
tiguity before adverted to. France claimed the ter-
ritory west of the Mississippi, and the country wa-
tered by that stream; and there was nothing to break
the contiguity and continuity of the territory still
farther west to the Pacific ocean. How can Great
Britain claim any title west of her Canadian posses-
sions, and north of 49°, except by the principle of
contiguity? She could not pretend to possess it in
right of cultivation and settlement, for none existed,
except as facilities for her fur traders. On this prin-
ciple of contiguity, we had a right to asseit a title
before the world. Great Britain proposed no bound-
ary on her part: she had no need to do it. She had
no motive to adjust the line—the territory being en-
grossed by her trappers and hunters, who were en-
joying the benefit of it. True to her national in-
stinct, however, she did hint that the Columbia mer
would be a very good natural boundary, and that
none would be agreed to that did not concede to her
the common use of the mouth of the river. By
such a concession, she could obtain ail that she de-
sired—the free entiance of all goods intended for the
fur trade, and a free exit with the spoils there gath-
ered, to tlie markets of the world.
The joint occupancy was determined on for the pe-
riod of ten years—.England gaining everything; we
nothing: she having effected a lodgment there, which
we did not disturb.
measures proposed in congress in re-
gard to oregon.
Soon after this convention, sir, in 1820, a distin-
guished representative from Virginia, the late gov-
ernor Floyd, a prudent, wise, and cautious man,
who cannot be supposed to have desired t® jeopard
the interest of his country by a collision with any
power, reported a bill to Congress (growing out of a
resolution he had introduced, proposing an inquiry
"into the situation of the settlements on the Pacific
ocean, and as to the expediency of occupying the
Columbia river,") for its occupation, and for the
regulation of the trade with the Indians in the terri-
tories of the United States. This bill was not acted
upon, it is true; and I only mention the fact to show,
that distinguished men at that time, so soon after
the convention of 1818, did not question our right to
adopt the measures proposed. It is also true, sir,
that, at that day, our title was strengthened, if ad-
ditional strength was required, by the purchase of
the Spanish title to all the country claimed by that
power on this continent, north of latitude forty-two
degrees. It is an historical fact, that she had al-
ways claimed up to the parallel of sixty degrees,
and her right to do so was never questioned, except
by Great Britain in 1790, when she first sought ter-
ritorial aggrandizement in that quarter, to be accomp-
lished by her immense power operating upon the
weakness and pusillanimity of Spain.
The Florida treaty of 1819 gave us her title, one
good and perfect, according to the understanding of
nations at that day, and since; and in conformity
with principles avowed and acted upon by Great
Britain herself, and being in aid of our other titles
derived from the discovery of the river in 1792—by
the cession of Louisiana in 1803—by the national
expedition undertaken in 1805, following the line of
continuity overland, from the sources of the Colum-
bia river to the sea, and by the actual settlement of
Astoria, and several other posts far within the terri-
tory in 1811—might well furnish a strong foundation
for the measures then, and since, and now proposed
for its protection.
About this time, too, sir, the feuds existing between
the two British rival fur companies in the north-
west, known as the Hudson Bay and Northwest
companies, were reconciled through the agency*of
the department of the British government charged
with their colonial affairs; a union was effected be-
tween them, and the charter granted which was read
by the senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,]
when he spoke to this question the other day.
Now, sir, this act of Parliament of July, 1821, to
regulate the fur trade, and to establish a criminal
and civil jurisdiction in certain parts of North Ame-
rica, which, in its terms, includes our whole west-
ern frontier not incorporated within any State or
Territory, or other civil jurisdiction,—is a much
stronger measure than the one proposed in 1820 by
Mr. Floyd, as it virtually subjects American citi-
zens to the process, civil and criminal, of British
courts, even oil our unquestioned soil; and is as
much incompatible with the terms of the conven-
tion, as any thing we propose to do, even by the
two bills now lying upon our table; for a joint occu-
pancy, on equal terms, would seem to exclude the
idea of obedience to laws made by one only of the
parties without the consent of the other.
The amalgamation of the two companies into the
Hudson Bay company, by this act of Parliament,
has been the means of creating a formidable power
in that territory, which, under the plea of an al-
lowed joint occupancy by the convention of 1818,
is depriving the country annually of its most valued
products, and virtually, and for all useful purposes,
excluding our citizens from many of its advan-
tages.
negotiations at london in 1824.
In 1824, Mi. President, negotiations were again
commenced at London by Mr. Rush on our part,
and Messrs. Huskisson and Canning oil the pnrt of
Great Britain, on tins perplexing subject. In the
session of Congress of the. year preceding, Mr.
Monroe in his message, speaking of the arrange-
ments we had made with Russia, and she had made
with Great Britain in regard to rights and interests
on the northwest coast, remark;.: "The occasion has
been ad judged proper for asserting as a principle, ill
which the rights and interests of the United States
ate involved, that the American continent, by the
free and independent condition which they have as-
sumed and maintain, are henceforth not to be con-
sidered as subjects for future colonization by any
European powers."
This emphatic declaration, in which he was sup-
ported by the spirit of the nation, and to which it is
fully committed, and from which it would be craven
