CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* >.#:
Mi ■
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the river Thames, in Connecticut.
Mr. SIMONS offered the following; which lies
over:
Resolved, That the Secretary o.f War be instruct-
ed to furnish, in tabular form, for the use of this
House, the salaries or wages, daily, monthly, or
yearly paid to the officers, overseers, and laborers,
and the prices paid for job work, in the arsenals and
public works under his department in each and du-
ring the years of 1840, 41,42, and 1843.
PROSECUTIONS IN THE UNITED STATES
COURTS.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States be instructed to make an annual report to
the House of Representatives of the official business
done by him in court during each preceding year,
specifying the suits and prosecutions to which he
may have so attended; that he ascertain and report
the number of persons prosecuted in the several
courts of the United States, the crimes for which,
and the districts where such prosecutions were had,
the result thereof, and the punishments awarded
therefor; that he make such observations and state-
ments as, in his opinion, the criminal jurisprudence,
and the proper and economical administration of the
criminal laws of the United States shall warrant and
require. Also, that he ascertain, as far as practica-
ble, and report a statement of the criminal prosecu-
tions in the several States of the Union, specifying
the nature of the offences, and the punishments
awarded therefor.
DISUNION.
Mr. ADAMS said he had no resolutions of his
own to offer, but he begged leave to present the res-
olutions of the legislature of Massachusetts, which
he offered the other day, asking for an amendment
to the constitution, so as to take away the represen-
tation founded on property in slaves.
Objected to by several.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the objections would be with-
drawn; otherwise the action of the committee which
had the same subject in charge would be delayed.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections, presented the minority report on
the case of Messrs. Goggin and Gilmer, for which
leave was given the other day; and, on motion of
Mr. S., it was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following; which lies
over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to report to this House a bill abolish-
ing West Point Military Academy.
Mr. KIRKPATRICK offered the following,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quired to furnish this House with a copy of the let-
ter from Commodore Charles Stewart to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, of the 23d March, 1843, re-
specting the organization of the navy.
SHEEPSCOT RIVER.
Mr. MORSE submitted the following resolution;
whch was considered and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
an appropriation for the removal of obstructions in
the Sheepscot river, in the State of Maine. Agreed
to.
KENNEBECK RIVER.
Mr. SEVERANCE submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to improve the navigation of the
Kennebccls: liver. Agreed to:
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. DUNLAP submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the claims of
Amaziah Goodwin to a pension, upon papers here-
with submitted, with leave to report by bill or other-
M'iac,
FORTIFICATIONS ON THE PENOBSCOT.
_ Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing an appropriation for the erection of a fortification
upon Penobscot river, Maine, near Bueksport, upon
the site lately purchased by the United States for
that purpose.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That an additional standing committee
of five members shall be appointed at the first ses-
sion of each Congress, whose duties shall continue
until the first session of the ensuing Congress, to be
styled the Committee of Coinage and Currency,
who shall take into consideration the matters which
concern the coinage and metallic currency of the
United States, which shall be referred to them by
the House, and to report their opinion thereon.
PUBLIC LAND SALES.
Mr. CAREY, from the Committee on Public
Lailds, reported a bill to confirm the sale of public
lands in certain cases, and for other purposes: read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole.
POST ROUTE.
Mr. CALDWELL submitted the following reso-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from Somerset
to Paint Lick, in Kentucky, by way of Crab Or-
chard; and report by bill or otherwise.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. LYON presented the resolutions of the legis-
lature of Michigan, instructing their senators, and
requesting their representatives in Congress to use
their best endeavors to procure the passage of a law
to refund the fine imposed on General Jackson by
Judge Hall: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. HOLMES moved to discharge the Commit-
tee on Commerce from the further consideration of
the bill, in relation to the Louisville and Portland
canal, and to refer the same to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
This motion, after being opposed by Messrs.
THOMASSON and T1BBATTS, and supported by
Mr. HOLMES, was decided in the negative.
On the motion of Mr. HOLMES, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from various papers,
that they might be referred to other appropriate
committees.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. COLLAMER: The petition of Samuel
Hcbard and 93 others, praying a reduction of post-
age. The petition of Abel E. Pisk and 42 others,
praying a reduction of postage. The petition of
Asa B. Hebard and 27 others, praying a reduction
of postage: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. KENNEDY: The petition of Samuel
Dalton and others, citizens of Indiana, praying Con-
gress to reduce the price of postage: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. GILMER: The petition of Sarah Teas:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. DROMGOOLE: The petition of Isaac
Malone, praying a pension for revolutionary ser-
vices. The memorial and petition of Harrison Bar-
ner, praying a pension for revolutionary services:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: The petition of Jo-
seph Latshaw and 11 other citizens of Knox county,
Indiana, asking a donatton of land to improve the
navigation of the Wabash river. The petition of
B. Graham and 47 other citizens of Daviess county,
upon the same subject. The petition of James B.
Bryant and 96 other citizens of Martin county, upon
the same subject. The petition of Edward Mooney
and 200 other citizens of Knox county, upon the
same subject. The petition of Thomas Paul! and
newly 300 other citizen* of Wheeling, Virginia,
upon the same subject. The petition of Zachariah
Morgan and 35 other citizens of Green county, In-
diana, upon the same subject. The petition ;of
Charles Smith and 263 other citizens of Knox
county, upon the same subject.
By Mr. BELSER: The petition of sundry citi-
zens of Macon county, asking for the establishment
of a mail-route from Tuskegee to Enon, in Macon
county, Alabama, and also two post offices—one at
Hendersonville, and the other at Powell's steam
mill, on the same route. The petition of certain cit-
izens of the counties of Macon and Barbour, in the
State of Alabama, asking, if a mail-route be «sstab-
lished between Tuskegee and Enon, in Macon
county, that the same may be extended to Spring
Hill, in Barbour county: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HENLEY: The petition of Samuel C.
Guy and others, for the extension of post route No.
3854 from Slateford to Rockford, in Jackson county,
Indiana.
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: The petition and
documents of George Winding, of Lancaster coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, asking to be placed on the pension
roll, under the act of 7th June, 1832.
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition of Simeon
Dennin, of Oxford, Maine, for a pension: referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. FRICK: Two memorials of similar im-
port, from the citizens of Columbia county, Penn-
sylvania, for the reduction of postage, with a proper
restriction of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STONE: The petition of Bryant Slone,
praying the passage of a law directing the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to place him on the roll of invalid
pensions: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
By Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT: The petition of
Samuel Mullen, and two hundred and twenty-six
other citizens of Vigo county, Indiana, asking that
the Congress of the United States would grant to the
State of Indiana a portion of the vacant lands lying
unsold in the Vincennes land district, Indiana, and
of the lands lying in the Shawneetown and Palestine
land district, Illinois, for the purpose of improving
the navigation of the Wabash river, by removing
the obstructions in said river; which was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands. Also, the
petition of James S. Freeman, and two hundred and
one other citizens of Vigo city, Indiana, asking that
the Congress of the United States would grant to the
State of Indiana the vacant lands in the Vincennes
land district, for the purpose of continuing the
Wabash and Erie from Terre Haute to Evansville,
Indiana; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. Also, the petition of David W.
Claver, and seventy-five other citizens of Vermillion
county, Indiana, asking for the vacant lands in the
Vincennes land district for the purpose of continuing
the Wabash and Erie canal to Evansville, Indiana:
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. BOYD: The proceedings of a meeting of
the citizens of Paducach, Kentucky, proposing that
place as the most suitable for the location of the
contemplated western armory. The petition and
papers of the heirs of St. John Townes.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of Cyrus Russell
and others, inhabitants of township 33,' in range 4
east, in the county of Madison, Missouri, asking
Congress to authorize a change in location of the
school section in said township: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
By Mr. PISH: The petition of Phebe Hosien
for a pension. The petition of Sarah Banks for a
pension.
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of Robert
Swa'rtwouth and others, citizens of the city of New-
York," for a reduction of postage and the abolition of
the franking privilege. The memorial of citizens
and payers of postage in the State of New York,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. DANA: The petition of 125 citizens of
Perry and Castile, in Wyoming county, New York,
to reduce the rates of postage and restrict the frank-
ing privilege. The petition of 100 citizcns of Yates
county, New York for the same: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CATLIN: Petition of Elizabeth Ray-
mond, praying for a pension, and for a revision of
the existing pension laws: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. CALDWELL: Petition and papers of
Nancy Haggard, of Cumberland county, Kcntuckyj
referred to Ute Committee oa Revolutionary Claim*;
