St>8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is the end to be attained, and upon which Congress
can alone recognise their right of application? It is re-
dress. And a grievance which Congress has no right to
redress, they may have no right to petition against;
because grievances which Congress can redress are
the grievances, and the only grievances, contemplated
in the amendment.
Now, if there is a single constitutional principle
which, more than any other, may be considered as
settled beyond the possibilty of dispute, it is that the
institution of slavery is municipal, not national. It
belongs exclusively to the States, and can only be
effected by State legislation.
' The domestic institutions of the South are her
own. They were brought into the Union with her;
secured by the compact which makes us one people;
and he who looks upon itas a grievance is an enemy
to the constitution, and opposed to the peace and
prosperity of our common country.
I have thus attempted to show that slavery is not
a grievance. If it were a grievance at all, it is not
one affecting the people of the North; and that, if it
were a grievance affecting the people of the North,
it is not one which can be redressed by the govern-
ment; and therefore no one has a constitutional right
to petition for its abolition. A petition to any per-
son or authority presupposes the power of relief. A
right of petition cannot exist where there is no duty
to hear the complaint; and the duty to hear cannot
exist without a commensurate power to redress.
There is, then, no duty to receive a petition upon
which Congress has indisputably no power to act;
and the refusal to receive such petition cannot be
tortured into a violation of the right to send it, which
never existed.
Again, say gentlemen, "let the petitions be re-
ceived, and they will vote with us for their rejection
immediately after reception." To such I say, there
is one point in which we agree; and that the most
important of the whole matter. It is in the refusal
or denial of the prayer of the petition. Reception
is all that divides us. But I ask, does not reception
carry with it jurisdiction over the subject-matter of
the petition? Does not reception carry the implica-
tion, inevitably, that the petition may or may not be
granted? Reception either carries the implication, or
it docs not. The proposition must be answered af-
firmatively or negatively. If it be answered affirm-
atively (if the reception carries jurisdiction over the
subject of slavery) if it carries the implication that
the prayer for it"? abolition may or may not be grant-
ed, are they willing to stand forth as- the advocates
of reception? Clearly not; because, in the outset,
they agree that the prayer could not be granted, be-
cause, if Congress would, she has not the power to
grant it. If, then, reception carries jurisdiction, they
are opposed to it. If, on the other hand, the propo-
sition bo answered negatively, if reception does not
carry jurisdiction and the implication that the prayer
may or may not be granted, where is the use of it?
Where the did'erenrc between reception, and instant
rejection after it is received? What is to be
gamed by reception? Is it any advantage to
the petitioner that his prayer is rejected immedi-
ately after, instead of immediately before, reception.
How does the simple, naked vote of reception bene-
fit him? The prayer of a petition is its vital part:
take away the prayer, and you deprive it of all vi-
tality—make it a (lead letter. If, therefore, we reject
the prayer, do we not reject the petition? The dis-
tinction is too refined and abstract for a question of
such universal and vital importance. It is but a dis-
pute about terms, and wholly overlooks the sub-
stance. It is at first and at last a rejection of the
prayer of the petition; but a refusal of the petition is
a rejection in a mode to save time and money, put an
end to such applications, and prevent discussions
dangerous to the Union.
But (says the member from Maine, and it is reit-
erated by the gentleman from New York and others)
separate the right of petition from abolition, at id see
how we will come up to the mark; how we will sus-
tain our obligations to the Union. Sir, the right ol'
petition and abolition ought never to have been
blended. To conncct them is a mere trick—an
artful scheme to excitc the sympathies and delude
the judgment of this legislative body. And who,
pray, are the authors of this base trick? Who the
fii-ojertors of this artful scheme. Who connected
the right of petition with abolition? Are we at the
South, the slaveholding community, Subject to the
charge.Mt will not be pretended. It will not be pre-
samed for a moment that we would throw any ob-
stacles in the way, and create interference with the
cif.intcnanoe of oar just and constitutional rights,
Are our friends of the North, the anti-abolitionists,
chargeable? Surely not. They deprecate the diffi-
culty; they pray deliverance from the embarrass-
ment; and we have no reason to question their sin-
cerity. If neither the South nor those opposed
to abolition in the North, are the authors of this
scheme, who are? There is but one other party in
the country upon this subject, and it results inevita-
bly that they are its authors—viz: the abolitionists
themselves. I appeal to our intelligent and reflect-
ing friends from the North—I put it to them, wheth-
er they will suffer themselves to be thus entrapped;
caught in the snare set for them by these fanatics;
deluded by this miserable subterfuge, the pitiful cry
of the violation of the right of petition. But it has
already been hinted, I may be answered, "that
though this may be but a trick, yet the abo-
litionists have so fully succeeded m poisoning
the minds of our constituents, so thoroughly and
extensively have they persuaded them that the
non-reception of their petitions is a violation of
their unalienable rights, that unless we carry out
their views, the relation between us, of representa-
tive and constituents, will be dissolved. Sir, such
a suggestion scarcely deserves a passing notice.
Any man who legislates here with a view to get
back into this hall, will of course not be guided by
reason. Such a member is unworthy of his station,
because he legislates for himself, and not for his coun-
try. Their constituents think the right of petition
abridged, when we are daily receiving petitions
without objection, over which Congress has juris-
diction, and reject only those over which Congress
has no control. Cannot they understand the diffe-
rence between the abuse and use of an important
right? The same amendment which guaranties
the right of petition, guaranties also freedom of
speech and of the press; and because those rights
are secured, is there therefore no such thing as
slander or libel? If their constituents cannot now
be brought to understand the difference between a
proper and an improper petition, upon a subject of
which Congress has cognizance, and one where it has
no jurisdiction, how it is proposed to make them
understand the difference between the rejection of
a petition and the rejection of the prayer of a peti-
tion? How can they be made to comprehend how it
is that a petition is of so much consequence as to be
received, and is yet, at the same time, of so little
consequence as to be rejected? I trust that our
friends of the North will not suffer themselves to
be alarmed by the delusive cry of a "false issue"
being made, or be deterred from pursuing their true
course for fear of consequences which do not and
ought not legitimately to follow.
The gentleman from North Carolina has attempt-
ed to illustrate this matter of "false position," by
a "simile of a battle." Let me tell the gentleman
that he has himself assumed, in the outset, "false po-
sitions;" and, in some cases, false characters for his
parties in that battle. He represents a general to
have taken a position with his own troops behind
a secure breastwork; but has stationed his allies on
exposed ground, where they are rapidly falling by
the enemy's fire. The secure breastwork is the
constitution. Where, I ask, are the allies—where the
exposed ground? Who are the contending parties in
this engagement? The enemies and the friends of the
constitution? The gentleman can make no other an-
swer. Who are the enemies? Of course the aboli-
tionists. Who are the friends of the constitution?
The anti-abolitionists. Where, then, are the allies?
Are the anti-abolitionists of the North any less the
enlisted soldies and interested defenders of the con-
stitution, than we at the South? Surely not. Where
the exposed ground? We are behind the breast-
work, (as the gentleman considers the constitution.)
Have we pushed our friends of the North beyond that
constitution? or are they beyond, and in any exposed
situation' No, sir; we both stand together upon
the same ground—the battlements of the constitu-
tion. The enemy—the abolitionists—are alone with-
out; they are striving to enter the citadel, sla-
very is the weak point in the forti ess. It is there they
design a breach. We have there constructed a
barrier: that barrier is the rule. Whilst that re-
mains, the fortress stands. When it is gone, the
fortress falls. That barrier can be removed only by
some one within. The fortress can be taken, the cita-
del lost, only by treachery in the camp. I will pur-
sue the simile no further. But let me tell the
member from North Carolina, that if this rule is
lost, from the relation in which he stands to, and the
part which he has borne in this transaction, he may
go home to his constituents, and to his grave, cov--
ered with the unenviable immortality of having be-
trayed the interest of the South, and in having sur-
rendered the constitution of his country.
I hoped to have had time to have commented
upon the motives of these abolitionists. But what-
ever they are—whether to destroy the institution of
slavery, or, by their petitions, only to annoy and insult
the South—will not the rejection of this rule by the
House be to tliem a triumph? No one can dispute
the point. Are not the abolitionists the enemies of
the country? No one will deny the assertion. Are
our friends in the North willing to contribute to ac-
complish the triumph of the enemies of the country;
and especially when their victory would be over the
constitution of the land, the liberties of the people?
Sir, let me tell gentlemen of the North that 011
this subject there is no neutral ground. There are
but two parties in this contest—the friends and the foes
of the constitution. They must take sides with one
or the other; and wherever their influence settles,
victory must perch upon that banner. The whole
responsibility is with the North. Let them not
shrink from their high destiny; let there glory in
the occasion; let them meet it like men; let them do
their duty, and leave consequences to take care of
themselves.
Sir, will gentlemen hesitate? Is this a time for
hesitation, when the government is agitated to its
very centre? Is this a time to cavil about
terms, when the foundations of the nation are
shaken? Is this a time to make hair-breadth
distinctions about the extent of rights, when our
very days seem numbered? I tell gentlemen of
the North, the South is in danger; and will they
hesitate? Was such the conduct of the South
when the North was in danger—not from a feeble
band of fanatics, but from the most powerful nation
of the world? Sixty-eight years ago, when the re-
port of the musketry at Lexington gave token of
the danger of our brethren of the North, a cargo of
powder was captured off Savannah, by Georgia en-
terprise and Georgia valor. Was that ammunition,
at the time so scarce in the country, retained at
home to await the arrival of the enemy on our own
shores, and to defend our own firesides? No sir; I
am proud to say, that with that disinterested pa-
triotism which has ever characterized the South, it
was immediately shipped to Boston, and it arrived
in time to thunder from the heights of Bunker's hill
defiance to oppression.
And in our late war, waged for "free trade and
sailors' rights," did the South stop to inquire wheth-
er the owners of the ships, or the impressed seamen,
were natives of a southern latitude? It was enough
for them to know that the flag which had been dis-
honoied, was the American flag; that the seaman op-
pressed was an American citizen; and they were at
their posts, and ready to lose their last life drop for
the protection of the one and the defence of the
other.
Sir, the people of the South love the Union. They
venerate the constitution as the bond of that Union,
and will be the last to engage in its infractions. But
they love the constitution as it is; as it was con-
strued by those who made it; as it lias been ap-
proved by near half a century's successive legisla-
tion—sufficient for all the purposes of our govern-
ment, and all the glory of our country. But now, if
the North, regardless of the claims of the South,
will suffer that instrument to be violated—if the
constitution, like the right of petition, is of
so much consequence as to be preserved when for
their gratification, and, at the same time, of so little
consequence as to be violated when for our destruc-
tion,—if the constitution is to be thus mutilated, the
South will not respect mere fragments, scattered 111 the
struggle of other States to overthrow her institu-
tions. If that hour comes, (which God avert!) she
will hesitate not to appeal from the cancelled obliga-
tions of a once-venerated constitution, to her own
inherent and "inalienable" right of self-protection.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON obtained the floor,
and moved to postpone the subject until the morn-
ing hour of to-morrow; which motion was carried—
90 voting in the affirmative, and 30 in the negative.
The subject was accordingly postponed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House several
executive communications, which were read by the
Clerk, as follows:
1. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report, in obedience to the resolution
of the House of the 12th instant, in relation to the
selection of lands for the continuation of the Wabash
