222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844,
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon, Territory—Mr* Breese.
H. of Reps.
gon, in particular, was not the subject of a single
formal diplomatic conference. Is there not some-
thing pointed and remarkable in the fact, that, whilst
the interests of the North and East were so eagerly-
adjusted, and in such hot haste as not to have time
to write and sign a single protocol, the interests of
the West were altogether overlooked, or entirely
laid aside? It seems to me, sir, it would have been
far better American policy to have kept the two
questions connected, and to have settled them to-
gether. The Oregon question has been long
enough unsettled, ever since the treaty of Ghent,
when that unfortunate "proviso" was offered; and
it was quite as important to settle it with a view
of allaying all causes of war, as the northeast-
ern boundary question. Our negotiator must
have known of the various bills, and reports, and
resolutions, introduced into Congress years before,
and of the effect of such bills, in the event of their
becoming laws. He had undoubtedly heard of the
bill proposing, in addition to military posts, the es-
tablishment of a custom-house at the mouth of the
Columbia; and of the bill making prospective grants
of land to settlers. -As it was of vital importance to
England, in view of the security and defence of her
colonial possessions, to keep up an uninterrupted
communication with them, by military roads and
free passage,—while her anxiety on this subject
was at its height, and while she was engaged in her
offensive and devastating wars in China and Aff-
ghanistan, if proper exertions had then been made
to settle this question, as one inseparably connected
with the other at issue, accompanied by a declara-
tion that both should be settled, or neither, no one
can doubt the result. But timid counsels prevailed,
and a timid policy'marked the whole negotiation.
NOOTKA-SOUND CONVENTION.
The honoarble senator says, that lie is not dis-
posed to discuss our title to the territory at any
great length, and'is willing to assume that it ism
us. Indeed, the senator says, that after much care-
ful examination, he is satisfied it is; but that we
should not rely wholly upon the Spanish title, as it
was through that title,—Great Britain claiming un-
der it,—that the case was involved in its present
difficulties. He told us, sir, we had a title ''outside1'
the Spanish title, and when we succeeded to that, a
convention was subsisting between Spain and Great
Britain, known as the Nootka-sound Convention,
signed at the Escurial on the 28th of October, 1790,
and that we took it cum onerc, incumbered by its
stipulations, and that they were supposed yet to
attach to it. He seems to intimate sir, though not
very distinctly, that Great Britain has some claim
under that convention, entitling her to demand ad-
justment by negotiation. Sir, I did not expect to
find any senator countenancing the claim set up by
Great Britain under this convention of Nootka
Sound. I did not suppose a pretext so flimsy as
that would be seriously alluded to, as ground of a
reasonable claim—not of title—for Great Britain did
not assert any—but of a right to use and occupy the
country for hunting, fishing, and trading with the
Indians within it. Sir, if that convention gave her
those rights, did not the war declared by Spain
against England in 17%, abrogate them? Does not
war annul all treaty stipulations of that character?
Does the return of peace restore them ipso facto, or is
it not necessary to renew them by treaty forms*
When peace was restored between those nations,
two treaties were entered into between iliem, on^ m
1809, and another in 1^14; they were treaties ot
commerce, and no stipulations <*an be found in
either, for a right to trade with any of the colonies
of Spam, or to any of her distant possessions. It
was commerce with Spain alone, l'or which the treaty
provided, in which her distant terriiours mid colonies
were noi included, and this is evident from the fcirt,
that, in the treaty of 1S14, Spam agivpf, if -he docs
open her colonics to the trade of foreign countries,
Great Britain shall enjoy the privilege also. These
treaties, then, sir, did not revive nnv of the terms
of the Nootka-sound convention; and is it not pre-
posterous to base a claim of any sort, or for any
purpose, upon it? The establishment at Nootka
Sound, made by Lieutenant John Mears, was but a
hut for fishing and trading purposes, and embracing
but a few yards of land; and its restoration was ex-
torted from Spam by the convention of 1790, while
Spain was under a moral duress, deprived of
the aid of her cousin of Prance, who was una-
ble then to fulfil the obligations of the family
pact, and with a British fleet of one hundred and
fifty-eight ships of the line ready to bear down upon
her. She was not in a condition to resist the unjust
demands of her adversary, and was forced to sub-
mit to the hard terms dictated to her. It was an ex-
tortion which shocked the moral sense of nations;
and was it now-to be said that Great Britain can
sustain a claim obtained in this way? What
does history say, sir, and English history, too, of
this procedure? I find in "Belsham'a Great Britain"
a full account of it, portions of which I will refer
to, as indicating his opinions of the controversy.
After relating the establishment at Nootka Sound,
on the northwest coast of America, in latitude
about 50° north by this Mears, which "was re-
garded by the Spaniards as a flagrant encroachment
on their exclusive rights of sovereignty," the vice-
roy of Mexico despatched a Spanish ship there to
drive off the intruders, who seized upon the little
stockade, and captured two English ships in the
harbor. At the same time, the Spanish command-
ant, hoisting the national standard, declared that "the
whole line of coast from Cape Horn to the sixtieth
degree of north latitude belonged to the King of
Spain." This claim was made to that degree north,
by virtue of the discovery and settlement of the
Spanish navigators, Perez and Martinez, in 1774.
The captured vessels were afterwards restored, and
the court of London informed of the facts by the
Spanish ambassador, who, at the same time, very
politely requested "that measures • might be taken
for preventing his Britannic Majesty's subjects from
frequenting those coasts, and from carrying on their
fisheries, in the seas contiguous to the Spanish con-
tinent, as derogatory to the incontestable rights of
the Crown of Spain."
He then proceeds to say, "the claims of Spain, in
relation to her rights of dominion and sovereignty
in America, were doubtless in the'highest degree
chimerical, and could, perhaps, be equalled in ex-
travagance, arilyby the claims of Great Britain." "By
the treaty of 1763, the river Mississippi flowing fiom
noi th to south, in a direct course of 1,500 miles, was
made, the perpetual boundary of the two empires;
and the whole country to the west of that vast river
belonged to his Catholic Majesty, by just as valid
a tenure as the country eastward of the river to the King
of England. Exclusive of the recent and decisive
line of demarcation, by which the relative and polit-
ical rights of both nations were clearly ascertained,
the Spanish court referred to ancient treaties, by
which the rights of the Crown of Spain were ac-
knowledged in their full extent by Great Britain."
Spain proposed a reference of the matter to any
crowned head of Europe to be named by England,
and Count Florida Blanca, her minister, alludes to
the fact, that on a complaint made by Spain to
Russia of similar encroachments by her subjects,
"the Empress had given the most positive orders,
that no settlement should be formed on that coast."
"The reply of the court of London to the memo-
rial of the Spanish ambassador was high and haugh-
ty;" and1* on a message from the King, Parliament
voted one million of pounds sterling to sustain him.
The jealousy of Spain at the slightest infringement
of her rights was sufficiently notorious, and is the
more pardonable, says the historian, "as she had
ever, with the strictest honor, abstained from all vio-
lations of the similar claims and pretensions of other
countries."
He proceeds to say, that, "no assistance being had
from France, Spain" yielding to necessity, com-
plied with the harsh demands for restitution and in-
demnification, and at length, on the 2d of October,
1790, a convention was signed at the Escurial, by
winch every point, in dispute was conceded by
Spam. The settlement of Nootka was restored;
free navigation, and right of fishing m the southern
Pacific were confirmed to Britain; a full liberty of
trade, and e\en of settlement, was granted to all
rhe northwest coasts of Ameih a, beyond the most
northerly of the Spanish settlements, unaccompanied,
however, by any formal renunciation of their right
of sovereignty."
lie then concludes by saying- " \nd so insignifi-
cant was the object in contest, that 110 one either
in or out of Parliament lias, so far as appears,
thought it worth while to inquire whether restora-
tion has really been made 111 the mode prescribed by
the treaty or not;" and, in a note, the historian says-
"It is certain, nevertheless, from the most authentic
subsequent information, that the Spanish flag, fly-
ing at the fort ami settlement of Nootka, was never
struck, and that the whole territory has been virtu-
ally relinquished by Great Britain-—a measure, how-
ever politically expedient,, which involves in it a se-
vere reflection upon the minister who could permit
so invidious an encroachment upon the ancient and ac-
knowledged rights of the Crown of Spain."
What does the historian Bisset say upon the
same subject3 He says "the grounds of the Spanish
claims were set forth in a declaration to all the Eu-
ropean courts, dated the 4th of June, 1790. Ac-
cording to these statements, Spain had a prescrip-
tive right to the exclusive navigation, commerce,
and property of Spanish America and the Spanish
West Indies. The various treaties *ith England
had recognised that right. In the treaty of Utrecht,
which was still in force, Spain and England had
agreed that the navigation and commerce of the West
Indies, under the dominion of Spain, should remain
in the precise situation in which they stood in the
reign of his Catholic Majesty Charles II." "These
rights extended to Nootka sound; and, though Spain
had not planted colonies in every part of these do-
minions, still they were within the line of demarca-
tion that had been always admitted."
"The language of British justice demanding what
British power could so easily enforce from any ag-
gressor that dared to provoke its vengeance, was rep-
resented by Spain as haughty and menacing; and va-
rious difficulties occurred before matters were brought
to a decision." "Though the preparations of Spain
were vigorous, as far as her power and resources
admitted; yet her fleet, consisting of seventy ships
of the line, manned by such sailors as she could col-
lect, was' little able to cope with the navy of Eng-
land, amounting to" one hundred and fifty-eight ships
of the line, manned by British seamen." Her con-
duct in bringing Spain to terms, he remarks, "had
shown to other powers that British subjects
were not to ee molested with impunity."
This recurrence to impartial history, will show-
that no sovereignty or dominion was ever claimed
or obtained by England on the Northwest coast. The
demand made upon Spain was for redress for inju-
ries done to her subjects, and compensation was
made. I will not detain the Senate by reading from
the debates of the British Parliament upon thess
proceedings, as they have been referred to in former
discussions in this chamber. They, however, abun-
dantly show that no territorial right or jurisdiction
was acquired by England, in virtue of the conven-
tion of Nootka sound; and it must be admitted that
subsequent war between them abrogated whatever
privileges were granted by it.
Had we "not made the treaty of 1819, with Spain,
ceding to us oil the country north of 42°, and Mex-
ico had obtained her independence, could there be
any question that she would have a right to claim
the same extent of coast that Spain claimed, not oc-
cupied and actually possessed by any other power?
No British claim could interfere with it south of the
southern boundary of her Canadian possessions, if
that boundary was extended on the principle of
contiguity, to the Pacific ocean. The only claim
which could interfere would be our own; and that
on the principle of contiguity and continuity.
Now, sir, it seems to me most manifest, and will
to the world, should the question ever go before it
for its unbiassed judgment, that, having on our side
priority of discovery of the Columbia river, giving
us, according to the well established principles of
the laws of nations, a right to all territory watered
by it—-branches of which extend at least to 51°
north—the title of Prance by the treaty of 1803;
and she claiming, as admitted by England m the
treaty of ] 763, all west of the, Mississippi river, and
south of the parallel of 49°, established ns the line
of boundary between them; the exploration of the
whole [course of the river, fiorn its source in the
mountains, m 3805—subsequent early occupancy of
the country, for the purposes of tindr ill 17, and
in ]H1]—the aequismr.11 of the Spanish title, and of
that ofRussi-i south of ,i4° 40', to say nothing of
our right on the principle of contiguity," we should
leceue its favorable verdict, and'"that the extorted
claims of England under the Nootka-sound conven-
tion, would weigh hut little in the scale against us.
MR. CLAY'S OPIXICW OF THE BRITISH TITLE.
The honorable senator admits there can be 110
question about our title, at least, as far north as 49°;
and he must, be aware that, in 1826, 111 the instruc-
tions given by our Secretary of State (Mr. Clay) to
our envoy, (Mr. Gallatin,) lie gave it as his opinion
that 1 Great Britain has not, anil cannot make out,
even a colorable title to any portion of the northwest
coast;" and that, by con.seiiting to 49° as the boun-
dary, this government was acting ill accordance
with a spirit of concession altogether, and only
