Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
proposed that parallel for the .sake of adjustment.
It is known that Great Britain, by the treaty of
1763, renounced all claim to territory west of the
Mississippi river. How then could she revert to
claims of discovery by Drake, which, if made at all,
were made in the sixteenth century? That was a
mere "make weight," and entitled to no considera-
tion, when placed in opposition to her renunciation
by a solemn treaty, of all claim on this continent
west of the Mississippi river. The honorable sena-
tor says, sir, that even upon the admission that any
part of the territory is ours, to seize upon vi et armis
would be ostracizing ourselves from the family of
nations. That it has been a subject of negotiation,
and must continue to be.
It appears to me, sir, that we will be in that con-
dition—out of the pale of independent nations—if we
defer much longer to act in this matter from fear of
the power of England, or under any threat from her
or her friends, of war as a consequence of any firm
and decisive step our honor and independence may
demand of us to take. It is true, sir, the senator
said it was not the military or naval power of Eng-
land he feared, but her moral power over public sen-
timent which he dreaded. That,, sir, is one of our
best safe-guards (did We require any) in a contest
with her. She will be opposed by the moral senti-
ment of the world; and cannot stand up one moment
against it, urging her unjust claims to our territory,
and demanding an equal right with us to the navi-
gation of the river we had discovered, and named,
and occupied. She dares not go before the world
with such weak pretensions as she holds, and at-
tempt to justify a war in their support. She will
not hazard that moral influence she exercises over
nations, by resisting, even unto war, a claim so well
founded as ours. She will not dare to commence
hostilities on account of any action which we now
propose.
But, sir, finding it perhaps impossible to defer the
advocates of this resolution by the images of war,
the senator changes the point ©f his attack, and as-
sails the character of the country: speaks of it as of
but little value, and introduces to the Senate an arti-
cle from the Louisville Journal, and republished in
the National Intelligencer of this city, giving a de-
scription of it.
This is a part of the article, as read to the Senate.
DESCRIPTION OF OREGON—ITS SOIL AND
CLIMATE.
"Of all the countries on the face of this earth, it is
one of the least favored by Heaven. It is the mere
riddlings of creation- It is almost as barren as the
desert of Africa, and quite as unhealthy as the Cam-
pania of Italy.
"Now, that such a territory should excite the
hopes and the cupidity of citizens of the United
States, inducing them to leave comfortable homes for
its heaps of sand, is, indeed, passing strange. Rus-
sia has her Siberia, and England has her Botany
Bay; and if the United States should ever need a
country to which to banish its rogues and scoundrels,
the utility of such a region as Oregon would be de-
monstrated. Until then, we are perfectly willing to
leave this magnificent country to the Indians, trap-
pers, and buffaloes, that roam over its sand-banks,
and by the side of its rushing and innavigable rivers."
This paper, sir, is the organ, m the West, of the
dominant party of 1840; and I hope it is not adopted
by them, because, sir, it conveys some reflections
upon those very respectable persons who have gone
there to find a new home, the germ of a future em-
pire soon to arise there; but as it was not quoted by the
Senator with any such design, I forbear other com-
ments upon it. The Senator also read from "the
Christian Advocate,a very unfavorable account,
representing the country not onlv £>s unfit for culti-
vation, but as very unhealthy. These accounts, sir,
will net deter our hardy and enterpi ising citizens
from venturing to it, when they are placed in con-
trast with j-'ome I will rrad, and which can be relied
on. I will show, sir, the capability of Oregon for
settlement from the journal of Captain Spaulding,
who visited it in 1841.« This is it, sir:
CAPABILITIES OF OREGON FOR SETTLEMENT
AND CULTIVATION.
"The colony from the United States is situated on
the Wallamette, a branch of the Columbia, about 90
miles from its mouth, which is undoubtedly the
finest grazing and wheat country in Oregon; at pres-
ent it consists of about 70 families,who raise consid-
erable gram, and have about 3,000 head of cattle.
The. mission, last year raised 1,000 bushels of
wheat, and made butter, cheese, &c., for their own
use. They have 500 head of cattle, and 200 horses,
and last year they sowed 400 bushels of wheat, 320
of peas, and planted a large quantity of potatoes and
vegetables of every description. They have hogs,
poultry, &c,, in abundance. Last year they raised
over 1,500 bushels of potatoes.
"The extent of the country comprising the Wal-
lamette valley is about 300 miles long, and 200
broad, interspersed with ravines of wood, generally
of sufficient quantities for fuel and fencing. The
land, in its natural state, is ready for the plough,
and is very fertile, producing from twenty-five to
forty bushels of wheat to the acre; and the climate
so mild that the cattle subsist in the fields withoutfod-
der, orshelterof any kind being prepared or provided
for them through the winter. Salmon can be taken at
Wallamette falls (which, however, the British have
taken possession of, and compelled our people to
build their mills at the fallsabove) with little trouble
from May to September, in almost any quantity.
I have no hesitation in saying that 10,000 barrels
might be taken per annum. Probably no place in
the world offers greater inducements to emigrants.
Provisions might readily be procured to support
1,000 emigrants at any time."
"The, following brief account of the successful
cultivation of three or four farms, belonging to in-
dividuals in the American colony, will show conclu-
sively the productiveness of the soil in Oregon, and
the advantages to be derived from attention to agri-
cultural pursuits. Mr. McL ■, in connexion
with Mr. McN , has the best cultivated farm
on the Wallamette. Last season he built a fine
house, sowed 90 bushels of wheat, a large quantity
of peas, and planted several acres of potatoes; he
has now 40 head of cattle, 50 good hogs, besides
other stock; and has cleared, annually, since he
brought his farm under cultivation, upwards of
$1,000."
"Mr. W has a fine farm; he milks about
20 cows, and last summer made between 60 and 70
pounds of butter per week. IIis farm is well
stocked, and I was informed by good authority that
he. had cleared at least $1,000 per year during the
whole time he has been in the country."
"Mr. B is a mechanic. In addition to the
labor of his trade, he has devoted much time to ag-
ricultural pursuits, and has now an excellent farm
under the highest state of cultivation; he has on his
farm upwaids of 100 head of cattle, 76 horses,
hogs, &c. He has built him a new and spacious
house, and has cleared, as the reward of his labor,
upwards of $1,500 per annum.1'
Here is also a description given by Lieutenant
Wilkes, commander of the exploring expedition,
extracted from his report to the Secretary of the
Navy.
LIEUT. WILKES'S ACCOUNT.
"The Wallamette valley is supposed to be the
finest portion of the country, though I am of opin-
ion that many parts of the southern portion of the
territory will be found far superior to it. The
largest settlement is in the northern part of the val-
ley, some 15 miles above the falls. About sixty
families are settled there, the industrious of whom
appear to be. thriving. They are composed of
American missionaries, trappers, and Canadians,
who were formerly servants of the Hudson Bay
company. In comparison with our own country, I
would say that the labor necessary in this territory
to acquire wealth, or subsistence, is in the propor-
tion of one to three; or, in other words, a man mast
work three times as much m the United States to
gain the like competency. The care of stock—
which occupies so much time with us—requires no
attention there; and on the increase only, a man
might find support.
"The wheat of this valley yields 35 to 40 bushels
for one sown, or 20 to 30 bushels to the acre; its
quality is superior to that grown in the United
States, and its weight nearly four pounds to the
bushel heavier. The above is the yield of new
land: but it is believed it will greatly exceed this
after the third crop, when the land has been broken
up and well tilled.'1''
He speaks also of the fisheries, game, and furs—
the. latter nearly destroyed south of 4!S°; and also
of the manufacturing power and timber north of
49°, whi'-h he represents as of the best kind; and
concludes as follows:
"Few portions of the globe, in my opinion, are to
be found so rich in soil, so diversified in surface, or
so capable of being rendered the happy abode of an
industrious and civilized community. Fpr beauty
of scenery and salubrity of climate, it is not sur-
passed. It is peculiarly adapted for an agricultural
and pastoral people; and no portion of the world
beyond the tropics can be found that will yield so
readily, with moderate labor, to the wants of man."
I have also extracted from the documents accom-
panying the President's message at this session of
Congress, the following statement, from the letter of
Dr. E. "White, sub-Inaian agent in the Oregon,Ter-
ritory:
DR. E. WHITE'S DESCRIPTION OF OREGON
BELOW THE DALLES.
"The country upon the Columbia and its tribu-
taries as far as the Dalles,, a distance of 220 miles
from its mouth, is well timbered; above the Dalles
timber is scarce, large districts being destitute, ex-
cept here and there, small quantities growing upon
the streams of water. The country between the
Columbia and California is well timbered, and of a
fine quality. The country upon the Columbia is,
generally, too lough and mountainous ever to be-
come an agricultural country; but south of the Co-
lumbia, in the valley of the Wallamette, the soil is
admirably adapted to the purposes of agriculture,
being generally leVel prairies, surrounded by tim-
bered land, and intersected 'by numerous small
streams. This is the character of the country gene-
rally to a great distance towaids California."
"Stone, for building purposes, is abundant upon
the banks of the Columbia, stretching far into the
interior. There is some granite, but basaltic stone
is very abundant upon the Wallamette to some dis-
tance above the falls. Limestone has been said to
have been found in some quantities in the neighbor-
hood of the mouth of the Columbia, though! have
not as yet had time, to examine it. Lime has never
been made m this country, except in small quanti-
ties, by burning the coral obtained from the Sand-
wich islands. Bricks have been made to some ex-
tent, and there are two persons in the country who
understand making them. There are several me-
chanics in the colony; but, from the want of tools
and materials, they do not attempt to carry on their
trades. There are settlements established upon the
Wallamette, 65 miles from its mouth; at the Toly-
tnn plains, 12 miles south of the Columbia, and 20
west of the Wallamette falls; at Clotsop plains, i'>
miles south of the mouth of the Columbia; and at
the falls of the Wallamette, a population of seventy,
engaged in building storehouses, nulls, &c. Here
is a water-power of very great extent. The river
here takes a fall of 38 perpendicular feet, presenting
as extensive and advantageous sites for mills ana
factories as anywhere exist. At the Clackamus, a
small stream falling into the Wallamette, two miles
below the falls, there is a population of twenty per-
sons. At the Cowlitz, (a somewhat rapid river, fal-
ling into the Columbia from the north, about 50
miles from its mouth,) there is a small settlement of
64 persons, enjoying the benefits of the Catholic
ministry. The face of the country upon the Cow-
litz is generally level, the soil thin and impregnated
with magnesia, being less fertile than that of Wal-
lamettee valley. Your inquiry respecting the com-
parison between Oregon, from the Dalles to the
Pacific, (some 220 miles,) and the New England
States, I am now somewhat better prepared to an-
swer, having visited more of this country, and like-
wise most of the New England States. As a whole, in
point of soil, I think it much better, having greatly
the advantage m climate, and superior as a grazing
country, not being obliged to winter the stock."
These descriptions, sir, apply to the country below
the Dalles, and between them and the ocean. Here
is an account of it above the Dalles, from the letter
of the Rev. H. II. Spalding, written during the past
year to the same Dr. White:
REV. MR. SPALDING'S DESCRIPTION OF THE
COUNTRY ABOVE THE DALLES.
"I know of no country in the world so well
adapted to the herding system. Cattle, sheep, and
horses, are invariably healthy, and produce rapidly;
sheep usually twice a year."
He then gives an account of several rich valleys
which he had examined among the Dalles. Among
others lie says-
"The Tuckanan, a south branch of the Snake
river, some seventy miles above its mouth, contains
some land, apparently of the best quality. It re
