510
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Congress; whereas they were formerly made oft the
authority of the department alone. If there were
corruptions, let them be brought forward and ex-
fosed, and he would join in applying the correction;
ut he hoped gentlemen would not oppose this bill
because they believed there were corruptions in the
navy, which had nothing to do with it. But hewas
going on to say, that if the Oregon Territory is to be
organized, ticould'not be maintained without an inj
crease of the navy. On this subject, he would not
say that he would sustain the naked bill for the or-
ganization of Oregon, unless it included other objects;
for he did not believe that the territory of itself would
be worth the millions of treasure and the blood that
it would cost the country. He would consider such
a measure an unalloyed mischief if there should not
be othejponsiderations to compensate for its adop-
tion. But if Oregon should be connected with Tex-
as, and come in with that country, it would be with
his hearty concurrence and support.
Mr. HOPKINS did not understand this bill as the
gentleman from Georgia did. The gentleman spoke
of it as a mere transfer of money; but, in his opinion,
it did more, and involved additional appropriations.
For instance: if there should be, after the expiration
of the fiscal year, a deficiency in the appropriation
for the pay of the navy, there must be an additional
appropriation. Now, if gentlemen intended this as
a mere transfer of appropriations from one head to
another, they would not object to the amendment he
was about to offer, which was to strike out the
words "during the fiscal year;" and this would
make the restriction general, and leave the expenses
of the navy within what was contemplated by the
last appropriation bill. If this was done, lie should
make 110 objection to the bill, though he must say
that he preferred the principle of specific appropria-
tions. He would not adopt the precedent here that,
when Congress has made specific appropriations,
any department shall carry the expenditures beyond
them, and thereby compel it to make additional ap-
propriations.
Mr. H. concluded by offering to amend the bill
by striking out the words "during the present fiscal
year."
Mr. WISE replied to the objections that had been
urged against the bill, and showed that the principle
contained in it was not a new one. The power of
making transfers of the balances of appropriations
iiom one head io another, had existed in all the de-
partments of me government, and had been exer-
cised by the Navy Department up to the time of the
passage of the bill for its reorganization.
Before the passage of that Bill, as the gentleman
from New York had observed, the Secretary of that
department had the power, when an appropriation
was made for an item of expenditure, and a balance
remained idle in the treasury, to transfer that bal-
ance to another object, for the accomplishment of
which there was a deficiency of appropriations.
This power now existed in the War Department,
and, indeed, in all others except the Navy; and the
object of depriving that department of that power,
was to prevent abuses which might occur; but the
attempt to prevent abuses sometimes defeated itself.
Those who were so much opposed to corruption, by
passing this bill, were not Jutting the right nail on
the head. When the appropriation came up, and
the question arose as to the propriety of voting a
large or a small sum, gentlemen would have an op-
portunity of determining, and of taking the respon-
sibility of suspending the works; but, in regard to
this money, it was already appropriated. The bill
had came unanimously fiom the committee. It
came from the friends of economy on that commit-
tee, as well :i=i from the friends of the navy. Some
gmtlemeu had intimated that, if it was proposed to
make n definite appropriation, they would vote for
it; but they cannot triu.t the power to tidusfer ap-
propriations to the Secretary of the Navy. The
bill was intended to authorize the transfer of a spe-
cific sum, which must lie idle unless this power
were given.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired of the gentleman
whether the committee had ascertained that, this
fSUO.OGO being taken from the appropriation for the
pay of the navy, and applied to the object proposed
by this bill, there would not be necessity for a fur-
ther appropriation hereafter to supply the de-
ficiency.
Mr. VV ISE said he would remind his colleague
that there was a long list of items under the last ap-
propriation act, besides the pay of the navy. Cer-
y the officers, non-commissioned officers and
t.c.i i en, who had been enlisted and employed, must
be paid; but there were other items of appropria-
tion; there was the item for provisions, that for
transportation, and many others; the effect would
be, neither to increase nor diminish the whole
amount to be granted; it merely took from one hand
and put into the other.
Mr. HUGHES inquired of the gentlenfan from
Virginia, under what head this sum of $200,000 was
placed?
Mr. WISE said it did not matter under what head
it might be, whenever a balance was left, it was au-
thorized to be transferred; and of course, when no
balance existed, none could be transferred.
Mr. HUGHES called the attention of the gentle-
man to the statement contained in a document pre-
pared by the Medical Bureau, where it appeared
that $17,000 had been paid for ninety-five cypress
canoes, each capable of carrying about three men.'
That account, it appeared, had been audited and paid
within the last year.
Mr. WISE said he had himself had considerable
experience in auditing accounts, and he would give
gentlemen a little information upon that subject. It
might be that Lieut. McLaughlin had wasted a great
deal of money, but lie would inform the gentleman
that this charge made by him was one of the smallest
he had ever heard of. .
Mr. HUGHES. The canons were worth about
$5 apiecc.
Mr. WISE. As to that, I would myself give §10
apiece, and take the whole. But he would inform
the gentleman that this very case was now undergo-
ing investigation; and he would add that, in his
opinion, four times the abuses complained of in
this case, existed in regard to others. And in regard
to the navy generally, he considered it far more
pure than many other departments. Take, for in-
stance, the Indian bureau. Take the collectorship
of the Treasury Department. Look at the Land
Office and the Treasury Department itself. He
would infinitely prefer Gen. Jackson, with all his stern
severity—he would prefer Van Buren with whatever
claim to confidence his friends were disposed to admit.
They might go to their navy-yards, to their rope-
walks, to any branch of the naval service, and, he
repeated, as compared with many others, this
branch of the public service was as pure as any.
Just at this moment, when the board of naval com-
missioners was abolished—when the system was
very imperfcct—when its machinery rubbed in
working for want of more aid and more force in
that department,—-just as they were about to perfect
a system of responsibility in that department—this
course was to be pursued towards it.
Congress had left the Navy Department without
organization for some forty years, and without rules
and regulations to this very moment. Congress
also kept nearly every clerk employed in answer;,
ing inquiries, and furnishing information which
could be obtained from the document room, where
it had been again and again transmitted. Congress
should, therefore, take blame to itself for much of
that which was now complained of.
He went on to specify calls on the department for
information which had been! already supplied, thus
giving useless trouble to the clerks, who were not
now sufficiently numerous to discharge the other
duties devolving upon them.
Some explanations were also given in a conversa-
tion in which Messrs. WISE, BRINKERHOFF,
and McICAY, took part, more especially in relation
to the prospective contracts for which the present
liabilities were created.
Mr. WISE then resumed, and concluded with a
eulogy of the navy and naval officers, and a defence
of the system pursued in entering into prospective
contracts.
Mr BARNARD opposed the bill at some length,
JMr. B. contended that this was nothing more nor
less than an appropriation bill, and involved an ap-
propriation of £200,000, which he would prefer
making in a direct way if it must be mnde, rather
than in the manner now proposed. Mr. B. in con-
clusion submitted an amendment, the effect of which
w?s to make the bill directly an appropriation bill.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS said that if he understood the
matiei in question, (and he wished to state how he
understood it,) he should vote for the bill; preferring
it in the present form to an appropriation bill. Ap-
propriations, he understood, were genei ally made for
expenditures under different heads; and were made
to covcr what was supposed, from the estimates of
the departments, would be the amount of expendi-
ture for each particular head. The difficulty which
now embarrassed the Navy Department, as he un-
derstood it, was, that the money appropriated for.one
of these objects had been exhausted, (whether correct-
ly or not, he would not pretend to say,) while there
remained an hand unexpended balances appro-
priated for other objects that were not wanted.'
The proposition now made to the House was to
enable a transfer to be made out of appropria-
tions from which a sum could be saved sufficient to
supply the deficiency. The bill enabled the depart-
ment to transfer a surplus fund, in cases where, by
economy, enough could be saved to supply the de-
ficiency occasioned by the transfer. But, concede
that all that had been said against the bill were true,
and that no money could be saved from other ap-
propriations, the result would be merely that a di-
rect appropriation would have to be made to supply
the place of that which was taken; as, without the
transfer, it would have to be made for the purpose
for which the transfer was proposed.
After some further discussion, in which• Messrs.
DAVIS, OWEN, and MILTON BROWN took
part, the question was taken upon the amendment
to strike out the words "during the remainder of the
fiscal year," and decided in the affirmative.
The amendment some time since offered by Mr.
■ Barnard, and published at the time it was offered,
was also agreed to.
Mr. BARNARD offered an amendment, which
was understood to be a proposition to change the
bill from its present shape to one appropriating
$200,000 for the branches of the Navy Department,
to which the original bill proposed to make the
transfer of appropriations heretofore made.
The amendment was rejected, by a vote of 53 to
5G, taken by Messrs. Wintiirop and Burke, tel-
lers.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
and the amendments to the House; and the amend-
ments were concurred in.
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays on
the question of the engrossment of the bill, and
they were ordered.
Mr. McDOWELL moved an adjournment.
The yeas and nays were called for, but not or-
dered; and the motion was agreed to—81 voting in
the affirmative, and 45 in the negative.
The House thereupon adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
desenting them:
By Mr. HUGHES: Petition of Mr. duerry, of
Ray county, Missouri, praying Congress for a com-
pensation for services rendered during the revolu-
tionary war.
By Mr. GILMER: Petition of Churchill Gibbs:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. J. W. DAVIS: Petition of Peter Von
Schmidt, of this city, in relation to a dry-dock. ',
By Mr. DODGE: Resolution of the Council and
House of Representatives of the Territory of Wis-
consin, relative to a ship-canal around the falls of
St. Mary, at the outlet of lake Superior: referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals. The petition
of the inhabitants of the town of Mineral Point, Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, asking Congress to pass a law
confirming their titles to their lots in said town, in
accordance with the several acts of Congress hereto-
iore passed to enable the claimants in said town to
perfect their titles, and to obtain their patents: re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. The pe-
tition of citizens of the Territory of ^Visconsin, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation for a road from
Sheboygan, on Lake Michigan, to Tvchedoh and
1' ond du Lac, on lake Winnebago, to "Grand lake,
on Fox river: referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. CALDWELL withdrew from the files of the
Clerk, and presented the petition and papers of the
heirs of Henry King, deceased, of Kentucky: re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of Lov'el G. Miek-
les, of the city of New York, praying for an appro-
priation by Congress, to be expended under the au-
thority of the War Department, in applying and
testing an invention to protect boats navigating the
Mississippi and its tributaries from injuries occa-
sioned by snags and sawyers. Also, the petition
of Luther Allen, and others, praying for the erec-
tion of alight-house at the mouth of Cattaraugus
creek, N. Y., and for the prosecution of the unfin-
ished works at that place.
% Mr. JEREMTAH BROWN: The petition of
Or. J. H. Kurtz,Dr. H. B. Bowman,and 115others
