'citizens of Lancaster county, "Pa., praying that Con-
gress will take into consideration the propriety of
reducing their daily pay and mileage.
. By Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The petition of 270
•citizens of .Perry and Randolph counties, Illinois,
graying additional mail facilities: referred to the
^Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
. By Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT: A joint resolu-
tion of the legislature of the State of Indiana, in-
structing the senators of the State of Indiana, and
requesting the representatives, to procure the pas-
sage of a law refunding to General Andrew Jackson
the unjust fine imposed upon him at New Orleans,
in 1815, by Judge Hall; and further, that they vote
against any proposition or bill which may be intro-
duced into Congress to assume the State debts by
the general government, or the adoption of what is
generally known as William Cost Johnson's plan
for paying the State debts, or in any manner further
the distribution of the proceeds of the'sale of
• the public lands; which was ordered to be print-
ed, and was committed to a Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union. The
petition of William Kyle and forty-five other
citizens , of Vermillion county, Indiana, asking
that the Congress of the United States would
giant to the fetate of Indiana the vacant lands
111 the Vincennes land district, for the purpose of
continuing the Wabash and Erie canal from Terre
Haute to ISvansville: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
By Mr. ST. JOHN: Petition of citizens of Ohio,
asking retrenchment and'reform in the administration
of the general government; especially to correct cer-
tain abuses known to exist in certain departments
of the government: referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
By Mr. RAMSEY: Petition of Geo. Leebrick
and other citizens of Columbia county, Pennsylva-
nia, asking a modification of rates of postage, and
restriction of the franking privilege.
The following resolution was submitted yester-
day by Mr. Bossier, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting, in the general appropriation bill, the es-
timated amount necessary for the repairs of the
light-house and buoys at the mouth of Vermillion,
in Vermillion bay, State of Louisiana.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, January 31, 1844.
Mr. MILLER presented a preamble and resolu-
tions adopted by the inhabitants of Somerset county,
New Jersey, declaring that the postage on letters is
exceedingly burdensome and inconvenient, and ought
to be reduced, and that the franking privilege ought
to be abolished or restricted. They pray according-
ly. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also presented a petition from James H. Ball, the
executor of Samuel Ball, deceased, praying the pay-
ment of a loan certificate issued by the United States
in 1779. Referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented resolutions of the legis-
lature of Now York instructing the senators and re-
questing the representatives from that State to use their
earnest efforts materially to reduce the present rates
of postage; to abolish the franking privilege, or so to
restrict and regulate it as to make it a more equal
charge upon the people, and to prescribe for the
Post OlRcc Department a more rigid system of econ-
omy- ordered to he on the table and be nrinted.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from citizens of
Ncednam, Massachusetts, recommending that the
United States will, in all future treaties with foreign
nations, insert a provision for the settlement of all
national disputes by their reference to a third power:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from a
number of citizens of Missouri, praying for the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Savannah to the
Fork of Nodaway mer referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two memorials from
citizens of Erie, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to
make an appropriation of money for the purpose of
completing the works commenced there, m order to
make its harbor a safe and $ommoa:ous one: refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
£$ezfl<;t;\h Hpughtelin, and others, of Alleghany
•county, Pennsylvania, asking for a reduction of the
ra^es of postage, and a modification of the franking
prmlege: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SIMMONS presented a petition from Luther
Metcalfj and others, citizens of Massachusetts and
Rhode Island, asking for the establishment of a mail
route from Providence, Rhode Island, to Pramins-
ham, Massachusetts: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that the other
day there was referred to the Committee on Milita-
ry Affairs, the petition of John H. Pennington, of
Baltimore, asking for an appropriation to test the
efficiency of Jiis invention for navigating the air, or
flying. Mr. C. said he had not been able to perccive
that it was referred to the military cgmmittee with
any sort of appropriateness. It was not the art of
flying they had to do with, but that of standing and
fighting. He therefore moved that the committee
be discharged from considering the petition: agreed
to.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the petition of
William Henson, praying compensation for enrol-
ling and subsisting certain emigrating Indians, re-
ported a bill for his relief; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. JARNAGIN submitted the following res-
oluiion; which lies one day on the table, under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to report to the Senate, if there be
any Indians of the Cherokee tribe remaining east of
the Mississippi river, and if so, why they were not
removed with that tribe in 1837 and 1838. That he
state whether or not the Cherokees, now in the
State of North Carolina, were allowed the rights
of citizenship under the Cherokee treaty of 1835-6,
and if the State of North Carolina did not, by an
act of her legislature, recognise said Indians as a
part of the population of North Carolina; and wheth-
er this was not the reason said Indians were not re-
moved west. That he state whether any person has
been appointed by the United States, or any officer
thereof, as enrolling agent for said Cherokees, when
appointed, the duties assigned, and compensation al-
iowed. How many person, and who, have been
engaged since the commencement of the year 1841,
in ^ and about the proportion, for the emigration of
said Indians, by what authority engaged, and the
amount of money paid out by the United States, and
to whom paid, since the date aforesaid, in subsisting
said Indians, and in all other matters pertaining to
their emigration, so as to show the whole amount
expended about said Indians since 1841.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he had been instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs, to which had
been referred the message of the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, copies of the proceedings
of the court martial in the case of Second Lieuten-
ant Buell, of the 3d infantry, to move that the same be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Sem-
ple yesterday, was taken up and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be be communicated to the
Senate an estimate of what would be the additional
expense to the government, of requiring each of the
armed vessels of the United States attached to the
home squadron to leave New Orleans once a month,
and visit alternately the principal ports on the east-
ern shore of the ishmd of Cuba, San Domingo, and
Porto Rico, thence to sail down the coast of the
Carrivean sea and Gulf of Mexico, touching the
principal poits in Venezuela, New Gienuda, Guate-
mala, Mexico, and Texas, a*>d thenee return to New
Orleans; and also of sending' a vessel once a month
from New Orleans, by Havana, Matanzas, and
Kingston, Jamaier, to Chogres, and back to iSew
Orleans.
The*following resolution, submitted yesterlay by
Mr. BftEEbF., was taken up and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
he directed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding for the examination of some point at or near
the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
by some competent officer of the navy, to be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, and to
be associated with some skilful officer of the corps
of topographical engineers, to be appointed in like
manner^ and to report to the next session of Con-
gress upon its advantages and capabilita; foi; i
val depotand dock-yar^ and into the expediency;of
appropriating a sum m money for: that -purpose,
equal m amount to the sum appropriated for the ex-
amination of the harbor of Memphis,, in Tennessee;
and that the said committee be authorized to calf fee*
fore them and . examine competent civil arid other
engineers, acquainted with that locality, as to its
capabilities for fooh naval depot and dock-yard; and
also that they inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a marine hospital at or near said point, and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Ben-
ton yesterday, was taken up and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the informationplfcf any,
which may be in the Department of State,'in rela-
tion to the slaves committing crimes and escaping
from the United States to the British dominions,
since the ratification of the treaty in 1842, and the
refusal of the British authorities to give them up.
Also, that he communicate to the Senate the infor-
mation, if any such is possessed by him, of the con-
struction which the British government puts upon
the said articles in relation to slaves committing
crimes in the United States and taking refuge in the
British dominions.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Benton on
yesterday, for expressing the opinion of the Senate
that the President of the United States ought to give
notice to the government of Great Britain for the
immediate termination of the 10th article of the
treaty of 1842, for the surrender of fugitive crimi-
nals, came up for consideration; but
Mr. BENTON said it was not his wish that the
Senate should act on this resolution, until after the
information was received under the resolution just
adopted. He therefore moved that it be postponed
till this day two weeks. The motion was agreed
to.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Se-
vier yesterday, after the Senate came out of execu-
tive session, was taken up and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing the third section of an act, entitled "An act
authorizing the Governor of the Territory of Ar-
kansas to lease the salt springs in said territory, and
for other purposes," appro vea the 20® day of April,
1832, or else of granting the title of the United States
to the subject-matter of said third section to the
State of Arkansas.
The adverse report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, on the memorial of the general assembly of
Missouri, in relation to the establishment of addi-
tional military posts for the defence of the western
frontiers, was taken up and concurred in.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported m favor of printing several documents;
which was concurred m oy the Senate.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the adverse
report of the Committee on Commerce on the peti-
tion of Enoch Baldwin was taken up, and concurred
in by the Senate.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition and papers of
Isabella J. Martin, the widow of John T. Martin#
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, it was ordered that
the petition of Robert Carr Lane, attorney in fact
for John Hanes, late marshal of Alabama, praying
compensation for the maintenance of e number of
recaptured Africans, be taken from the files, and rc<-
ferred to the Committee on the .1 udiciary.
Senate bill to grant a certain quantity of land to
aid in the improvement of the Fox and Wiscors.u
nvers, and to connect the same hy a canal in the
Territory of Wisconsin, cnme'up in the Senate, the
question being on striking out the 3d section of the
bill. That question was put, and disagreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
question being on ordering it to be engrossed for a.
third reading-
Mr. TALLMADGE moved that its further con-
sideration be postponed till Monday next, by wh""h
time he hoped to rcc*>ive information of the condi-
tions of the lands proposed to be appropriated to the
making of this canal. The motion was agreed to
insane asylum.
Senate bill providing for the Insane Asylum of
the District of Columbia, was taken up, as in com-
mittee of the whole, on an amendment proposed by
the Committee on the District of Columbia to appro-
priate $3,000 for the maintenance of the Insane per-
