226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844,
\ 28th Cong 1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—M?\ Schen ck.
H. of Reps.
Feeling much wearied, sir, as I doubt not the
Senate is also, having given me their attention so
long, I must omit many topics connected with this
subject-, I intended to discuss, and will soon close
by simply remarking-upon the importance of Ore-
gon in a commercial point of view.
commercial position of oregon.
In this light, the senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Dayton*] insists we should' guard the mouth of the
Columbia "as the-apple of our eye;" and not only
that, sir, we should in my judgment, preserve the
whole territory of which it is the outlet, for the pur-
poses of defence to this "apple," and as the country
by whose productions it is to be sustained.
We know, sir, that Great Britain has endeavored
to get the common use of that position, and the free
navigation of the whole river; and if we are as ac-
commodating to her hereafter as we have been here-
tofore, she may succeed in her designs, and thus this
precious "apple" be lost to us. We must advise our
government beforehand, sir, that nothing of this will
be permitted—no convention, no treaty, by which
any privileges there are to be granted to her.
i do not know, sir, that the British government
are countenancing and encouraging the efforts now
making on that coast to extend the power and in-
fluence and operations of the Hudson Bay compa-
ny; but no doubt she is. They have its commercial
advantages in view, as would appear from this ex-
tract of a letter, addressed by Mr. Henry A. Tierce,
of Boston, to the late lamented Senator Linn, dated
May 1, 1849:
"All that line of coast comprehending the Russian
possessions on the northwest coast of America,
from Mt. St. Elias, south, to the latitude of 54° 40',
(the last being the boundary line between the Rus-
sian and American territories,) together with the
sole and exclusive right or privilege of frequenting
all ports, bays, sounds, rivers, &c„, within said ter-
ritory, and establishing forts, and trading with the
Indians, has been leased or granted by the Russian-
American fur company to the British Hudson Bay
company, for the term of ten years from January,
3842, and for which the latter are to pay, annually,
4,000 fur seal-skins, or the value thereof in money,
at 32 shillings each—say 6,400 pounds sterling, or
$30,720."
"At St. Francisco, (in California,) they have pur-
chased a large house, as a trading establishment,
and a depot, for merchandise; and they intend, this
year, to nave a place of the same kind at each of the
principal ports in Upper California. Two vessels
are building in London, intended for the same trade
—that is, for the coasting trade; and, after com-
pleting their cargoes, to carry them to England.
These things, with others, give every indication
that it is the purpose of the Hudson Bay company
to monopolize the whole hide and tallow trade of
the coast of California—a trade which now em-
ploys more than half a million of American capital."
"At the Sandwich Islands the company have a
large trading establishment, and have commenced
engaging in the commerce of the country with evi-
dent designs to monopolize it if possible, and drive
off the Americans who have heretofoe been its chief
creators and conductors."
"I have been informed by one of the agents of the
Hudson Bay company, that the agricultural and
commercial operations of the English at Puget's
Sound, Columbia river, California, and Sandwich
Islands, are carried on, not actually by the Hudson
Bay company, but by what may be termed a branch
of it—by gentlemen who are the chief members and
stockholders of said company, and who have asso-
ciated themselves under the firm of Pelly, Simpson
& Co., in London, and with a capital of more than
$15,000,000."
In connexion with our opening trade upon an en-
larged scale with China, with the Sandwich Islands,
and with the whole coast of the Pacific, it seems to
me, sir, its importance should not be disregarded.
The new relations which no doubt will subsist
between us and the "celestial empire," will open a
large market for our cotton. She receives now about
five millions iw value, of that article annually from
India, and which will soon give place to ouis, being
as it is, so much superior to it in fibre and condi-
tion.
Our tobacco will be there received in vast quanti-
ties, and its introduction encouraged by the Em-
peror, as a substitute for that poisonous narcotic,
which Ptupifies his people and destroys annually
its thousand victims. It will be made a matter of
.national policy to facilitate its introduction and use,
and the time will not be distant, when Missouri and
other contiguous States, will be taxed to the utmost
extent of their capability, to supply the demand.
Its use is becoming universal, and Great Britain
herself derives a revenue from it of §15,000,000 per
annum, and when we contemplate the immense
masses of people of China, more than 360,000,000,
whose appetites can be directed to the use of this
generous weed as a pleasant substitute for the ener-
vating and death-producing drug, we can scarcely
estimate the quantity necessary to be furnished for
the consumption of that market alone.
Our lead also, sir, the ores of which are struggling
through the surfaces of Missouri, Illinois, Iowa,
and Wisconsin, will here.find an abundant and re-
munerating market. - Much of it has already gone
there; and, within a few years, has become an
important article of export to that empire. The de-
mand will be greatly increased so soon as just,
reciprocal commercial regulations are adopted be-
tween us. All theae things are the growth of our
country, and the very articles she. desires, and can-
not produce. We will exchange them for her silks,
her teas, her nankeens, and her porcelain; and thus
a natural market, based upon the exchange of pro-
ductions, will be offered to both. A connection will
aoon be formed between the navigable waters of the
Columbia and the Missouri by railroad and canals,
and thus'these rich products of the East will be
brought in to supply the vast valley of the Missis-
sippi and her millions of people. Steamboats from
the Columbia can reach China in thirty days, and
the West Indies of the Pacific, the Sandwich Isl-
ands, in ten days, with which a profitable trade will
be carried on for its coffee, sugar, and other valued
productions.
As a rendezvous for our ships of war, and mer-
chant vessels, the mouth of the Columbia is impor-
tant. To protect our growing commerce in the Pa-
cific, soon to be increased to an immense extent, we
must keep cruisers there, and we must have some
safe and convenient port for them to refit and receive
supplies.
In 1841 the following was the state of our trade in
the. Pacific:
trade in the pacific,
From January 1, 1841, to December 31, 1841,
there arrived and departed at the port of Honolulu,
in the Island of Oahu, the following vessels: being
ships 47, barques 8, brigs 6, schooners 2—in all 63;
the tonnage 20,540 tons.
Number of seamen inward - 1726
Do. outward - 1511
Value of cargoes inward - - $2,240,500
Do. outward - - 1,909,250
Value of cargoes landed - - 469,250
There were employed in the whale fishery in Oc-
tober, 1841, (taken from the New Bedford Directory
of that year,) 627 vessels; amount of tonnage 188,-
032 tons.
It was said, sir, by the senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Dayton,] that, by delaying the assertion of
our rights to Oregon, we had nothing to lo.se but
some furs, and that the trade in them is now very
inconsiderable, amounting, at one time, (the year he
did not state,) to only $138,000 a year, and yield-
ing a profit of only $10,000. It is true, sir, the
trade in furs has greatly declined, owing t© the
policy pursued by the tludson Bay company, be-
fore adverted to, as if it was the intention of British
agents to do the country all the injury they can in
advance of its surrender to us, its rightful owners.
FUR TRADE WITH CANTON, IN CHINA.
The following table will show, sir, the fluctua-
tions in this trade from 1821 up to 1840; and its
decrease can only be accounted for by the existence
of the British monopoly which has so long existed
there. It is compiled from the records of the Treas-
ury Deparhre it-
Fa/ut of furs exported to Canton, on American account,
for a scries of years, from 1821 to 1840.
Y<\m Direct trade. {.ycnerol trade. Remarks
$142399 amnpi
]8-2<2 7$,158 490,081
liOS 100 910 319,231
ls-)4 89,93'"> '069.419
1 •'•->•) 33,130 '270,44,-)
1820 43,110 -250,235
1827 100,986 256 S09
1828 101,764 No return
1^9 80.180
INSO 10,306
lh.ll 42,396
1832 129,570
1833 10.9,695 133,035
1834 S.383 100,34s
49,964 134,51*
1836
34,888
100,000
Kstimatcd.
1S37
561
96,102
1838
37,864
54,832
1830
16,794
40,000
F'stimati-d.
1840
2,368
No return.
Treasury Df.pirtmf.kt,
Register's Office, May 21, 1842,
Having exhibited these views of the importance
of the Territory m a national point of view, there
is another, in which I regard it. I look upon that
spot as fraught with the destiny of freedom. Jn
the dim distance I see it stretching far and wide
upon the coast of the Pacific sea, rich in all the
gifts of a most beneficent Providence, its beauty
and its grandeur now shrouded in barbaric dark-
ness, yet soon to be lighted up by the sun of free-
dom and civilization, pouring its ardent beams upon
it, and whilst its glowing light moves over the wide
waste of adjacent waters, some reflected rays may illu-
minate distant Eastern empires, and thus, performing
the circuit of tjie world, display itself again in coun-
tries-, whence it first emerged. From that favored
spot, the contagion of liberty and free principles
may be caught, and the infection spread to the re-
motest lands, until all mankind shall be free. It is
the destiny of man; it will be accomplished.
A war with England, sir, is preferable to the loss
of Oregon in its connexion with America and its
free institutions, its future glory, and the destiny of
man.
And now, sir, not wishing to detain the Senate
any longer, by recapitulating the points I have pre-
sented to its consideration, I will close by reiterating
my firm persuasion, that it is our bounden duty to
give the notice indicated by this resolution at this
present crisis.
It cannot be cause of offence to Great Britain. It
cannot be a cause of war. It is merely the exer-
cise of a right recognised by a treaty stipulation.
Our claims can be established by the highest evi-
dence m the face of the world.
If, by this procedure, we shall be involved in
war, we shall be ready to- meet it, with the
right on our side. "We will meet it as be-
comes the descendants of those who fought at
Bunker Hill, at Monmouth, and at Yorktown. Some
of the heroes of the late war still linger among us;
others will spring up, the "gilded spurs'' to win, by
their valor and tlieir achievements, and, upon the deep-
seated and enduring patriotism of the country, we
can rely in every emergency; and, if the struggle is
to be upon "the sea—the open sea," we need not
have any fearful misgivings. Panoplied in the jus-
tice of our cause, let war come when it may, our
arm will be nerved to strike the heavier blow, whilst
England's injustice—the grievous sin she is com-
mitting—will render her defenders weak m the en-
counter, and deprive her of the support and sympa-
thy of the world.
Note by Mr. Breese.—Since this speech was
delivered, the senator from New Hamshire [Mr.
Woodbury] has furnished me with the following
extract from a letter, just received by him from our
consul at the Sandwich Islands, dated Honolula,
November 4, 1843:
"There has been at these islands a great amount
of American shipping lately—upwards of sixty
thousand tons the last nine months; vessels and car-
goes valued at near eight millions of dollars; and, as
the colony at the Columbia river increases, these
islands will be of more and more value to the Amer-
icans—supplying them with coffee, sugar, &c., and
taking from them lumber, beef, pork, and flour.
Dr. Babcock, from Oregon, who is now here, in-
forms me that they will be able, in 1845, to. supply
from the American mills two thousand barrels of
flour at $7 per barrel; as much beef at the same price;
and beans, peas,&c., m any quantity needed. Lum-
ber can now be exported at 20, and, in a year or
two, at less than half that price. The colony on the
Wallamette, according to his account, is flourishing,
and the number of American settlers fast increas-
ing."
SPEECH OF MR. SCHENCK,
OF OHIO.
House of Representatives^ January 8, 1844—
n the bill to refund General Jackson's fine.
The bill to refund the fme to Gen. Jackson being
ander consideration,
Mr. SCHENCK addressed the cornmitte as fol-
lows:
A^r. Chairman: When I succeeded in obtaining
