228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844,
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—rMr. Schenck.
H. of Reps.
was issued against hirr) to show cause why he
should not be attached. He presented, through his
counsel, a long paper in reply, but refused to re-
ceive or answer the interrogatories which the district
attorney presented in the case under the regular
-rules of the court; thus defying again the authority
and the judgment of the civil tribunal, and setting
up his arbitrary will against the form of proceed-
ing which the law provided. He was fined. Could
it have been otherwise? If he had consented to
make any answers—if he had only replied and
shown that he had no purpose of contempt the
law would have been satisfied. But he would do
neither. " The question was not, then, whether he
had a right to hold the country under martial law—
whether his arrest of Louallier was lawful or not—
whether military force and his will were to be sub-
stituted for all other rule; it was only whether he
designed a contempt of the judicial power. His
friends (the advocates of this bill) have argued long
and loud here about the completeness and strength
of his defence—of the entire constitutionality of his
proceeding—or at least of the overwhelming neces-
sity under which he acted. Why did he not make
that defence? If it was so good and conclusive, his
contumacy was the less excusable. But he refused,
and the law took its course. Judge Hall was but its
humble instrument.
Thus, then, stood the ease. Let us pause and con-
sider the scene which it presented. On the one side,
the law to bo observed; on the other, the defendant
arraigned, who was resolved to disregard it. The
judge had no alternative. The general or the court
must triumph. Which shall it be? If the iud^e
had succumbed; if he had permitted his authority-
no, not his, but the authority of the constitution
and the law which he represented—to be derided and
defied, then indeed would he have deserved all of
the execration with which gentlemen now so un-
justly assail him. But even that yielding might
have been in some degree, if not blameless, at least
pardonable; for here was no ordinary defendant to
deal with, and no slight temptation to favor escape.
A general, flushed with victory, the acknowledged
saviour of the country from depredation, the idol of
the people, backed by an excited soldiery, surround-
ed by enthusiastic thousands who were ready to do
iiim homage, or to maintain his cause, right or
wrong—such was the man that stood arraigned there
before that court, before that judge; and, in the
face of it all, that judge dared to do" his duty ! Sir,
it was a great moral contest, and a heroic triumph—
a triumph of the law, alike honorabte to the brave
judge who vindicated the power of that law of
of which he was the minister, and to the brave
soldier who magnanimously submitted to its requi-
sitions—restraining even the temper of those who
murmured at, and would willingly have resisted the
indignity which they supposed had been done to the
popular favorite. Well may it may be said that
they would rob General Jackson of one of the
greenest leaves in the laurel of his fame who would
now take from him the merit of that noble and man-
ly submission to the law. It is easy for you fair-
weather judges—for gentlemen like the member
from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] and my colleague,
[iMr. Dean,] who have served in such stations'"in
the piping times of peace"—to talk flippantly of the
duties so easily and rightly to be performed by
those upon whom devolve the high responsibilities
of the bench; but they have no experience of the
strength required and the firmness to sustain an
officer in his rectitude under such fearful odds. And
they denounce Judge Hall, withal, as a coward—yes,
as a coward ' A coward? "Why, sir, I have been ac-
customed to tiliwk that cowards were made of far
other stufl. I have understood true bravery as some-
thing different from what these gentlemen imagine
it. Courage—what is it? The lion that fierce-
ly rushes upon his prey has courage; but the man,
the noble animal, that looks that lion boldly in
the eye and quells him in mid-carccr—him I
call the hero. Sir, we had an exhibition of true
moral courage, according to my understanding of
that virtue, hpre m this hail, onJy a day or two ago,
■when the House was engaged in debate upon anoth-
V anti.r110^t ^^citirsg subject. It was when my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Cu\c.*ux]~the lionnra-
ble member will pardon me for thus mokinsr him
serve as an illustration to my argument—when that
gentleman stood up alone in his place and boldly
and manfully avowed, and, I will add, most ably
and eloquently defended, his honest opinions ill re-
gard to the right of petition on the subject of slave-
ry. He knew- that those opinions would bring him
in conflict with friends, with Jus colleagues, with all
the representatives from that quarter of the Union;
he knew too well how* very liable the declarations he
made were to be seized upon and urged to his per-
sonal disadvantage among his constituency at home;
but he dared, against all this, to maintain the honest
convictions of his own judgment, and to do what he
believed was right. That is what 1 call true cour-
age. That makes the moral hero. And when such
proof of this quality is conceded to Judge Hall, it
will little avail to seek to brand him with the mean
epithet of coward.
Mr. Chairman, there is another respect in which
gentlemen seem studiously anxious to keep out of
consideration the authentic history of the transaction
in question. I will not presume that the advocates
of the bill mean designedly to make a false impres-
sion upon the public mind as to any important mat-
ter of fact. But certainly I may say that there is a
very unfortunate confusion in their chronology. Re-
lying only on the speeches on that side of the ques-
tion for information, a person sitting in that gallery
must have gone away full of the belief that this odi-
ous judge had traitorously obstructed the defence of
New Orleans, and interfered with the power of the
general in the very midst of the conflict of arms.
Why, sir, if this harmless civilian had somehow
contrived to spike the American cannon upon the
battle-field, he could not have been assailed with
more uncompromising denunciation as an enemy to,
the country. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglass] so wrought upon his imagination, or
permitted his imagination so to work upon him, that
he fancied he saw the general interrupted by the
judgment of the court in the very moment when he
was perilling his life to defend that court itself from
the rude assaults of a murderous enemy. Hear him
on this Rubjeot; and, to avoid all mistake, I read
from the fresh report of his speech which has just
been put into my hand:
"lie did not envy the feelings of that man that
would get up and talk calmly and coolly, under
such circumstances, about rules of court and techni-
calities of proceeding, and the danger of example,
when the city might be in flames, and the utmost
barbarity might be committed. What were rules
of court but mere cobwebs, when they found an en-
emy with his cannon at the doors of their courts,
and when they saw the flames encircling the cupo-
la? Talk then about rules of court, and the formali-
ty of proceedings! The man that would do this
would fiddle while the Capitol was burning." [Sen-
sation.]
Yes, "sensation"—that is the word. Put in
brackets, I suppose, to show that this "sensation"
was no part of the speech itself, but. only the com-
ment of the Globe's reporter. Why, with what a
fearful tragic picture the gentleman from Illinois was
determined to terrify us all—including the ladies in
the gallery ! Quite a scene ! But what a pity that
this and other such scenes, got up for the embellish-
ment of this debate, must all dissolve and fade away
under the clear light of the facte. Now those facts are,
that all these, proceedings, as between the court and
General Jackson, occurred, and this fine upon him
was imposed, in a time of profound and perfect
peace—nearly three months after the battle was
fought—when there was no foot of an enemy up-
on our soil—when our citizens had returned to the
quiet pursuits of life—and when civil rule had every-
where resumed, or ought to have resumed, its
wholesome sway over the land.
Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen had looked a little
more closely into the history of that period, they
would have avoided another mistake. We have
been reminded that this is the memorable eighth of
January. To-day this bill is to be passed through
the House. The resolution adopted this morning,
to discharge the Committee of the Whole from its
further consideration, when the hand upon that dial
shall reach a certain hour now rapidly approaching,
was too significant to be misunderstood. The ma-
jority have willed it. It has been decided on already
in caucus, and nothing remains but to register the
party cdict here. We aie to hare the gag of the
previous question applied; and no more debate, nor
any amendment allowed. This is all to be in honor
of (he day; and then comes the jollification over the
work to-night. It is all in the bill of fare. Now,
sir, the mistake is this. When you were selecting
an anniversary for "the deed"—when it was given
out, as I have heard it all around this hall, that the
day which saw the wrong done was to be chosen
above all other days in the year for its redress the
managers of the play should have appointed the
31st of March for their favorite's "benefit." There
would have been" some appropriateness in that date,
which there is not at all in this. That was the day
on which the fine was actually imposed. But no,
sir, no; there has been no mistake. The selection
of this day, with its patriotic associations, is but
another part of that deceptive illusion to be prac-
tised on the public mind as to the time and circum-
stances under which the military and civil power
came into conflict at New Orleans. Everything
must be perverted—even the calendar itself—to put
Judge Hall in the wrong, and to justify General
Jackson.
But, Mr.'Chairman, I am willing, for one, if 1
may be permitted to have any voice in the matter,
to compromise this difference; and in that view, let
me make to you, and through you to "the party,"
another suggestion. As you seem not inclined to
celebrate the exact day of the fining, but would pro-
bably not object to getting very near it, suppose, in-
stead of taking the 31st of March, as I at first pro-
posed, you delay your action upon this bill, and the
attendant eating and drinking, until the 1st of April,
I think I can intimate good reasons for such a
change. It is well understood that all this ado about
obtaining justice for Old Hickory has less relation to
his interests than to the fortunes of a certain other
gentleman, whose friends expect his trading capital
to be somewhat increased by the political invest-
ment of this fine. Why not, then, postpone the
passage of the bill to a date that would be so pecu-
liarly significant of its intention? By that means,
too, you would rid the occasion of all those painful
memories of dangerous strife and warfare asso-
ciated in every mind with the annual ret-jrn of this
day, and which must be so disagreeable to your
leader. The people of this country generally now
have ascertained that Mr. Van Buren did not actual-
ly fight the battle—at least, not thai battle; nor do I
know that he was ever fined; but if he has been, it
was probably not for any martial violence; for he
has preferred al ways the civil practice, and the arts
of peace. Let it not be said, though, that he has
not a heart to sympathize with one who has both
fought and been fined; or that he is too proud to
unite his fortune and reputation with such a person-
age. True it is that his own desire has ever been for
peace; but let me show you that in that consists his
merit. If in 1812 we did unhappily get involved in
difficulty with Great Britain, "thou canst not say he
did it." No, sir, Mr. Van Buren's discretion in op-
posing Mr. Madison, the war candidate for thepres-
idency, is proof that none of the responsibility of
that hostility to the mother country should attach to
him. Nor did he afterwards encourage or mingle
in any of those rude scenes at New Orleans, "or
elsewhere, which, in the end, you see, led the more
incautious Jackson into trouble. He was not
there, wasting his great energies, and endangering
his valuable life on that fearful 8th of January; but,
like a useful and considerate citizen, was to be found in
the interior of his native State, secure from all unne-
cessary exposure, industriously engaged at practice
in the county court, and diligently looking after the
politics of his own and the neighboring townships.
Wonderful man! Sir, no small inducement would
have enticed him from those useful and patriotic la-
bors to that repulsive field of carnage. It is true,
he might have been persuaded, when "gentle peace"
was restored, to tear himself from the shades of his
beloved Kinderhook, and visit New Orleans; and es-
pecially might he have hurried to that scene of ac-
tion, if advised of the judicial proceedings against the
victorious general. Ah! sir, would he not ihen have
stood firm at Jackson's side, as counsellor and friend,
if the old general had but wished to retain him there;
and would he not have bravely vindicated the course
and conduct of the gallant chieftain—if not employ-
ed first on the other side? Mr. Chairman, I do not
wonder that gentlemen get excited and warm with
the subject, when they think of these great sacrifices
that might have been made by their leader. But,
sir, when 1 reflect upon the peculiar connexion of
IMr. Van Buien with the scenes ;it New Orleans,
and with this tribute of justice to the old hero, and
of the way in which it is all expected by his friends
to operate upon the public mind, 1 cannot forbear
to urge upon yon, instead of this 8th of January, the
first day of Jlpril, for your festiuty.
But I wonder, Mr. Chairman, that one more
scheme has not been thought of to give eclat to this
celebration. Since it seems to be thought that the
incense of adulation will not be grateful to General
Jackson unless it rises from the broken altar of an-
other's fame, the offering might be made still more
