Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
28th Cong 1st- Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Schsnck.
H. of Reps.
complete. Hunt out, I pray you, the tomb which
covers the remains of Judge Hall; draw black lines
around any inscription you may find upon it; write
"expunged" across its face; and then send the in-
strument with which the deed has been done to be
preserved among other memorials of the triumph of
arbitrary will and of obedient servility over all that
we have been accustomed to regard as most sacred.
1 am sorry, sir, that I cannot even award to Gen-'
eral Jackson, in another respect, the credit for mag-
nanimity which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglass] has claimed for him. That gentleman
declares that, "the moment the official news arrived
that peace was declared—the moment the enemy re-
treated—the moment that danger ceased, and thejie-
cessity for the rigid exercise of his military author-
ity ceased—he submitted to the civil tribunals."
Sir, this is another specimen of the manner in which
dates are disregarded; or else I must say that that
gentleman's measure of time is by some very un-
certain standard—his "moments" of exceeding long
duration. Why, sir, we have already seen that all
these difficulties with the civil authority transpired
long after every hostile force had been withdrawn—
when there remained no alarm to terrify, no danger
to apprehend. But, forsooth, there was no "official"
news of peace. Official news! Special pleading
from a gentleman who, in the same breath, has pro-
claimed to us his scornful contempt for all "forms"
and "technicalities," as "cobwebs, fit only to be
brushed away!" Does that gentleman not remem-
ber that, although, owing to a mistake m inclosing
a wrong despatch at Washington, the general did
not get "official" notice of the peace until the 16th
of March, yet he had full knowledge of it before—
sufficient, in his own judgment, for eveiy purpose?
1 do not allude now to the news from Ghent, received
on the 18th of February, but to that intelligence
which he had on the 6th of March from the Post-
master General, informing him of the ratification at
Washington. It was so authentic that he immedi-
ately forwarded a copy to the officer commanding
the British force off Mobile: so authentic, that two
days afterwards he disbanded his own militia. Yes,
sir, he could do without an army; but he could not
yet relax his grasp upon the unoffending citizens
who had displeased him by their obedience to the
law oi' the land, and their vindications of its author-
ity. They were still kept for days longer in loath-
some durance, as common malefactors; and one of
them but reluctantly and laidily released from pris-
on even after a military tribunal of the general's
own appointment had tried and found him guiltless.
Mr. Chairman, all these perversions and glosses,
doing violence to the truth of history, tend but to
prove the weakness of the cause that has to resort
to them for justificatioh or apology.
Well, sir, what has been the next resort of the
friends of this bill? Failing to find anything in the
merits of the transaction itself, and in the conduct
of the judge, which should warrant them in this
cruel attempt to stigmatize his memory, they have
sought for it ill the person and character of the in-
dividual himself. I will not stop now to inquire
what that has to do with the true question as to the
judgment he rendered—of that I will speak hereafter.
But what are these personal charges and objections;
these with which, avoiding the real point, they seek
to impeach, not a district judge of the United States,
but the individual, Dominick A. Ilall, who chanced
to hold that office?
Judge Hall was an Englishman. So said the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell;] and the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] and my
colleague over the way [Mr. Weller] have repeat-
ed and rung the changes upon that charge in every
variety of expression: a "British expounder of the
Jaw"—"foreigner"—"unfit to administer justice to
native-born Americans." Sir, I know that no man
can glory more than I do in the name and title of an
American. 1 am proud of my country, of its insti-
tutions, its history, and its people. It is to me, too,
a source of smcerest gratification to remember that
I stand here upon this floor, representing the very
hearth-stone by which my existence began, and
numbering among my constituency the associates of
my boyhood. It was my fortune, indeed, to be
born and brought up so far in the interior, that I am
as little likely as any one to be subject to foreign in-
fluence; and perhaps for that reason all the more lia-
ble to entertain national partialities, and to cherish
national prejudices. Yet this denunciation of Judge
Hall for his foreign birth has no effect upon me. 1
can look beyond "that accident to the mail and the
officer- It was a barbarian sentiment, in the infancy
of language, that made "stranger" signify the same
as "enemy." But such narrow illiberality can meet
with little sympathy in this enlightened age and free
country. Is it impossible'that there can be any pa-
triotism, or, regard for law, except in the bosom of
one who is native to the soil? Is love of freedom
and of free institutions to be found nowhere but
within the circumscribed limits of these United
States? Is the appreciation of liberty bounded by
geographical lines? Sir, who helped to fight the bat-
tles of that revolution which secured to our fathers
and to us this glorious inheritance of which we
boast? Do gentlemen remember in the history of
our country such names as Lafayette, and Lee, and
DeKalb, and Steuben, and Pulaski? There is hardly
a state in Europe the blood of some of whose sons
has not been shed in our behalf. A crime to be a
foreigner! Let that he marked. There is a party
in this country who have been always proclaiming
that they alone are the true and peculiar friends of
the emigrant who comes hither to seek an asylum
and a better home-—a party who have sought, every-
where throughout the land, and continually, to
make political capital by flattering and cajoling
with professions of attachment everything that dis-
burdened Europe has cast upon our shores; who
have pietended almost to set the naturalized citizen
above the native-born; whose universal arms of
love and fraternity have been spread to enfold in-
discriminately the good and the bad—stipulating
only, as a return for all this superfluous affection,
for their votes! But now, here, even in the very
halls of our national legislature, when a different
sentiment better suits their purpose, we have heard
the organs and leading representatives of that same
party declaring themselves as if no foreigner could
possibly become a faithful citizen of the land, or
attached to the principles of its government. But
Judge Hall was an Englishman, and therefore pecu-
liarly odious—a British judge, and therefore inca-
pable of administering aright the law. Sir, the gen-
tlemen no reverence for such names as Hale, and
Coke, and Mansfield, and Eldon, and Blackstone,
and a hundred others, the very progenitors of what-
ever makes this country freer than theirs—men that
have illustrated by the light of their great minds the
eternal principles of liberty and right which have
been embodied in our written constitution on tins
side of the Atlantic? A native of Great Britain, and
therefore no patriot! Let that not be asserted until
the names of Sydney, and Hampden, and Raleigh,
and Chatham, and Burke, have equally been forgot-
ten. Is it a reproach to be a foreigner? Why, I
remember well when it was claimed as a merit for
General Jackson himself, whom gentlemen now can-
not sufficiently glorify, that he barely escaped being
an Irishman! But I should like to hear the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kefnepy] address his argu-
ment on this subject to his colleague therc^ [Mr.
Owen] who sits near him, and who is a native of
that same island of Great Britain. What does he
think of the doctrine that a man can have no head
or heart to maintain or sympathize with American
institutions, unless he had the good fortune to derive
his first existence here? Will any one do that gen-
tleman the injustice to presume that he has no patriot-
ism in his bosom, and is unfit to legislate here, be-
cause he was born m that old country north
of the Tweed? I would trust that the com-
mittee will be favored with the views of that
honorable gentleman upon the merits of this
imputation against Judge Hall. He would be
very apt, I think, to answer his colleague and mine
in the language of an old Scotch friend of mine, who
summed up, as I thought, in a most happy retort,
the whole argument on this subject. My friend, sir,
was a staunch, good whig; and none the less a patri-
ot, you must admit, on that account. He was en-
gaged in warm political discussion with a flippant
young sprig of democracy, just released from college,
enjoying his new liberty and incipient manhood,
priding himself upon being the happy soil of a then
distinguished senator, and fully persuaded that there
was every reason why he should be upon the best
possible terms with himself. Well, sir, the contro-
versy grew warm. My friend the Scotchman stuck
fast to the old-fashioned whig doctrines which came
in with the constitution, and which were thought
sound enough by such men as Washington and
Madison; the smart young democrat opposed to
these the new lights of modern discovery, backed by
the weight of lus endorsement. But my young gen-
tleman at last lost his temper—a sure sign that he
was worsted in the debate; and, for lack of better ar-
gument—like some other young gentleman notvery
far off—accused his opponent with being a foreigner.
"You are not a native of the country, sir,".said he,
"and you can know nothing of our politics, and have
no business to meddle with them, anyhow.". This
"anyhow" is a great word with us in the West,
you know, Mr. Chairman. "Hoot, mon!" said the
old Scotchman, "and is it that you rely on? You
were born in the country because you could na help
yoursel; but I came to it from choice, and because I
loved its institutions."
But the next reason urged against the judgment of
Judge Hall was, that he was a coward, and never
bore arms in defence of the country. I have .already
disposed, I think, of that charge. - We have seen of
what sort of stuff he was made, and how he bore
himself under the hard test of true moral courage;
though he may not have thought it necessary, or, "if
you please, had not the nerve, to abandon the more
appropriate duties of his civil station to shoulder
his musket and take his place in the ranks of the
army.
This fine should be refunded, though, even at the
expense of Judge Hall's memory, because, say gen-
tlemen, he is dead now, and has left no one to be
affected by any stigma upon his character. - Sir, in
not that most magnanimous? That is, beyond all
doubt, true courage! Because there runs none of the
blood of that man now in the veins of any living hu-
man being that we know—because there is no one
left who may be moved by the ties of kindred or
affection to defend and resent this aspersion of his
flUlle—the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass]
thinks that no harm can be (lone by a refusal to
adopt the amendment which would relieve his con-
duct from censure.
[Mr. Douglass interrupted, and asked permission
to explain. He had not urged it as a reason why
the judge might be stigmatized. He had only said
that he did not know that he had any friends.]
Mr. Schenck. Yes, yes, I understand. "Kick
him, Bill; he has no friends." That was what one
loafer said to another, when they were imposing
upon a poor fellow whom God had left desolate,
and with none to take his part. But, sir, I did not
expect any such principle of action and attack to
find a place in our deliberations here. Be it so, that
this judge, of whom I know nothing, except what
I gather from the public records, has left neither
name nor fawiily behind: he shall none the less have
my defence of his acts and reputation when they are
assailed, because of his maintenance of the law.
He is gone to his long home; and, if alive, would
probably have no political influence or popularity.
No magic of a formidable name supports him, and
finds in all his apts something too sacred for any-
thing but prostrate admiration and obedience. I
advise gentlemen to reflect whether it may not be
some disposition to pay homage to the living that
induces them to do injustice to the dead.
But is it true that Judge Hall was, in his lifetime,
as has been intimated, a man of no good character,
and unesteemed? Are gentlemen aware that he was
twice, in 1802 and 1804, appeinted by Mr. Jeffer-
son to the highest judicial stations, and that he -held
such trust until he was invested by Mr. Madison
with that office, the functions of which he was dis-
charging when he imposed the fine upon General
Jackson? Did they—those great leaders of the
early democracy—whose names are so often in-
voked, but whose doctrines are so little regarded by
the party that now assumes that title—did they
cherish, with every mark of confidence and respect,
and exalt to high dignities, a person who was in-
competent, dishonest—a cowardly traitor? You
must do discredit, sir, to more than Judge Hall, if
those charges are to be sustained. ...
But what, after all, do these charges signify in
relation to the true issue? What defence do they
make for General Jackson, and what proof against
the decision of the judge' Let us try them m
that lio-ht by practical illustration. An offender
against the law, or one who is charged as such, is
arraigned to answer. It matters not whether he bo
a general or only a corporal—of high or low degree.
The law, in its wisdom and equity, happily for us
m this country, knows no distinction of persons.
"Sir," asks th'e judge, "what have you to say in
reply to this charge which has been made against
you?" "I say you are a foreigner," replies the de-
fendant. Overlooking, in its leniency, this outrage
and impertinence, the court might repeat the ques-
tion, "What have you to answer to tins coiiiplaiiitr'
"You are a coward," cries the culprit, "and I r; -
fuse to make any answer." "You have no friend.-,
and there can be no justice ill your judgments,"
