CON&ftESBlOtfAit
I#1
- Mr. C. also, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Levi Col-
mus.
Mr. C'i also, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Arthur R.
. tvir.eRUSSELL, from the Committee 6ri invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report upon the petition
- of Dennis Dygers: laid on the table.
Mr. R. also, from the'Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition of
John Burlin: laid on the table.
Mr. R. also, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition of
Samson Brown: laid on the table.
Mr. R. also, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition of
John Owen: laid 011 the table.
Mr. R. also, from the Committee 011 Invalid
Pensions made, an adverse report on the petition of
George Lynch: laid 011 the table.
Mr. R. also, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions,.made an adverse report 011 the petition
of Catharine H. Johnson: laid on the table.
Mr. R. alro, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a favorable report on the petition of
Isaac Justice, and asked leave to report a bill for his
relief.
Mr. TILDEN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition of
Darius Hawkins. -
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of Chauney G.
Storm; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, made a
report on the petition of Palmer Branch.
Mr. A. SMITH, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition of
Jeremiah Kimbel.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of John Farnham.
Mr. HUNGERFORD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Frederick Hopkins.
Mr. McILVAINE, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Joseph Bonnell.
Mr. COLES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
the heirs of James Green.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, made an adverse report 011 the petition of A.
M. Ritzmiller.
Mr. DELLET, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Helena Dill.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of Wm. H. Cook;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. .CAMPBELL, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to authorize
the sale of a part of public reservation No. 13 in
the city of Washington, and for other purposes.
The hour of 2 o'clock having arrived, *
The SPEAKER announced that the House stood
adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of|John A. Ste-
phens and 481 others, citizens of Posey county, In-
diana, asking a grant of land for the completion of
the great national thoroughfare between the lakes
and the Ohio, by the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Wabash river. Also, the memorial of
Alexander Devin and 294 others, citizens of Gibson
county, Indiana, upon the same subject. Also, the
memorial of Wm. Kurtz and 28 others, citizens of
Gibson county, Indiana, upon the same subject.
Also, the memorial of E. M. Cullock and 30 others,
citizens of Gibson county, Indiana, upon the same
subject. Also, the memorial of A. F. Allen and 202
others, citizens of Orange county, Indiana, upon the
same subjept. Also, the memorial of Samuel Hall
and 131 others, citizens of Gibson county, Indiana.
Also, the memorial of John R. Montgomery and
24 others, citizens of Gibson county, Indiana. Also,
_ the memorial of Clement Whiting and 36 others,
citizens of Posey county, Indiana. Also, the me-
morial of H. D. Allis and 33 others, citizens of Van-
denburg county, Indiana. Also, the memorial of F.
E.Goodsell and 66 others, citizens of Vandenburg and
"Wiirwick counties, la Also, the memorial of John
Burbatik and 80 others, citizens of Vandenburg coun-
ty, Indiana. Also, the mefiiorial Of John Gardnerahd
48 others, citizens of Pike and Gibson counties, In-
diana. Also; the memorial Of Nathan Beach and
26 others, citizens of Warwick county ( Indiana.
[All of the above eight memorials praying Con-
gress to donate the unsold land® in the Vincennes
land district id thp State of Indiana, to aid her
in finishing the entire liilo df eanal froni Lakfe Erie
to the Ohio river, at Evansville.'j
Also, the petition of James Reilly and 201 others,
citizens of vandenburg county, Indiana, praying
Congress for a reduction of postage.
By Mr. PRATT: Petition of M. Farrington, for
a pension. Also, the petition of Jacob Dunham, for
losses sustained by pirates. Also, the petition of
Walter Vondenson and others, of Chatham, for a
reduction of postage, and the abolishment of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BYRAM GREEN: Petition of the citi-
zens of the counties of Wayne and Tompkins, New
York, asking for a reduction of the rates of postage:
referred to the Committee on the Post Offiee arid
Post Roads.
By Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF: A petition
from citizens of Knox, Franklin, and Licking coun-
ties, Ohio, for a reduction of postage.
Mr. CALDWELL withdrew from the files of the
Clerk, and presented to the House, the petition and
papers of Alexander Noel, of Adair county, Ken-
tucky: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions. Also, withdrew from the files and pre-
sented the petition of Fielding Pratt: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. LABRANCHE: The petition of Thomas
Fowler, praying for arrears of pension: referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: Four petitions from citi-
zens of Philadelphia, numerously signed, praying
Congress to grant an appropriation for a dry-dock
at the navy-yard at that port.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Thomas
Hunter and Alexander Caldwell, of Kentucky,
praying to be released from a judgment of the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the Kentucky
district, for $2,000 against them, as bail for William
Hunter; which was referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
By Mr. C. M. REED: The memorial of Oliver
Newbury, and two hundred ship owners and for-
wardmg merchants of Detroit ana ports in Michigan,
praying that the general provisions of the law ap-
plicable in cases on the high seas and in the coasting
trade of the United States, may be extended over
the commerce, shipping, and navigation of the lakes,
and to crimes and offences arising thereon; and
that admiralty jurisdiction may be conferred on the
federal courts in such cases. Also, the petition of
citizens of McKean county, Pennsylvania, asking a
reduction in the rates of postage. Also, the petition
of citizens of northwestern Pennsylvania, for an ap-
propriation for the harbor at Erie.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of John J.
Janney, and eighty-five other citizens of Warren
county, Ohio, praying for a reduction of postages;
for a limitation of the franking privilege so as to
cover only the transmission of congressional docu-
ments, and for a reformed and uniform rate of post-
age on letters, and all other mail matter: referred to
the Committee *on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 1, 1844.
Mr. WHITE presented a memorial signed by a
number of citizens of Indiana, praying for a grant of
land m the Vincennes land district, to complete the
Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio river; which,
with documents upon the same subject, were referred
to the Committee on Public Lauds.
Mr. W. spoke for some time, explaining the na-
ture of these documents; of .what had already been
accomplished by the State of Indiana, m the way of
internal improvements, by the grants of land made
her; and the future prospects of the State, resulting
from the extension of this canal.
He concludcd by moving that the resolutions of
the Legislature of Indiana of the last session, on this
subject, be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, it was order-
ed that the .petition of Joseph Roby, asking to be
confirined in his claim to an Indian reservation, be
taken from the files of the Senate, and ^rfefiied totlie
Committee on Public Lands. . * ;
GEORGIA RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. COLQUITT said: ;
Mr. President, the legislature of the State <sf
Georgia passed resolutions at its last session, which
have been transmitted by the governor to be pre-
sented to the Senate.' These resolutions were handl-
ed rhe by my colleague on yesterday; and, although
they 3,1-fe directed to both, I felt, as doubtless he did,
that, ffoffi (Jo'nSiderations of delicacy,'the! duty "of
presenting tfeii *a« properly mine. I attempted;
promptly, to comply •With the request of tte legrsla^-
offering them on bjft-SpjiB™
ture, by offering    r ... . ,
motion prevented. I now asls that thpy be read; and
afterwards I propose to submit a few remarks. *>* - ^*
The resolutions were then read as follows:'
H
.The last general Assembly of the State of Geor--
gia having adopted a series of resolutions, approved
on the 28th of December, 1842, censuring the course . -
of the Hon. John M. Berrien, one of our senators in
Congress, withdrawing their confidence from him,
and declaring that they would neither receive from, •
nor address to him, any communication to further
the interests or defend the rights of the people of
Georgia,—this general assembly feel constrained
to restore the relations thus dissevered between the
people of Georgia and their faithful senator, and-to
express their confidence in his worth and patri-
otism:
Be it therefore resolved by the $£7t&te and House of
Representatives of the State of Georgia in general assein-
bly met, That we and our constituents approve the
course of the Hon. John M. Berrien, in the Senate
ofthe United States, and cherish an honest pride :n
his enlightened patriotism, and distinguished ability.
Resolved further, That we especially commend his
Uncompromising resistance to the disorganizing doc-
trine of legislative instruction.
Resolved further, That this general assembly here-
by express their unqualified confidence in their hon-
orable senator; that it will always be their pride and
pleasure to communicate with him; and that, in any
and every emergency, they will address themselves
to him as the willing champion and able defender of
the rights and interests of the people of Georgia.
Resolved further, That the governor be requested
to transmit a copy of these resolutions to our sena-
tors in Congress, with the request that they be laid
before the Senate of the United States.
I11 Senate: agreed to 22d Dec. 1843.
CHARLES DOUGHERTY,
President of the Senate.
Attest:
Benj. F. Hardeman,
Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. C. said: You will perceive, sir, that these
resolutions have strong claims on your sympathy,
since they possess the peculiar merit of paying a
compliment to my honorable colleague, without tax-
ing you with either reason or argument. In order
that you may be enabled to comprehend more fully,
and appreciate more definitely, the propriety of this
action upon the part of the legislature, you must be
refreshed with a brief history of the last few years
touching the subject they embrace.
You, sir, will remember that, at the close of ths
ever-memorable extra session in 1841, my colleague,
associating with some of his whig friends then in_
Congress, published a manifesto to the people of
the United States, lauding what they had done,
and excusing themselves for what they hail
left undone. From the spirit of that pub-
lication, they did not seem, for a moment, to
doubt but that the people, as in duty bound, would
send forth long and loud peals of applause, mingled
with the shouts of "well done good and faithful ser-
vants." Flattered with the certainty, if they could
but elicit a popular response to their deeds, that the
universal replication of cheering sounds, issuing
from mountain and from vale, would make the "Ti-
ber tremble underneath her banks," they invoked
the State legislatures to speak out in the potency of
their might. The legislature of the State of Geor-
gia, which was elected some months after the ad-
journment of that session, and after this publica-
tion had been made, convened on the first Monday-
in November of that year. It was natural enough
that, in obedience to an invocation,'corning from so
high a source, the legislature should have exam-
ined the various topics presented for public consid-
eration. They did so; and instead of approving, "
been expected,) they h?id the daring to ry.*
