table were adopted, expressing the opinions and
feelings of the people of the State—I say emphati-
cally, the opinions and feelings of the people of the
State, and defy contradiction—I cannot consent that
that legislature, speaking the language and express-
ing the feelings of their constituents, shall be mis-
represented in this enlightened assembly. It is to
correct these misrepresentations, and only for that
puipose, that I trouble you with a brief remark.
Sir, it is not true that, at any time, or in any situa-
tion in which I have been placed, I have invited the
legislature of Georgia to transcend their constitution-
al powers, by entering upon the scrutiny of my
conduct as a member of this body. It was a simple
misrepresentation, which was exploded and put
down in the place where it originated. The appeal
was to the people—and not to the legislature—who
were invited to ascertain, and, within their constitu-
tional sphere, to give effect to the will of that people.
It was under such an appeal that the legislature of
1841—elected within a few weeks, before there could,
by any possibility, have been an expression of pub-
lic opinion on the subject which it embraced—as-
sumed to be the exponent of the public will, and
undertook to instruct me in the discharge of my du-
ty on this floor. I refused obedience to their in-
structions; I denied their authority; and, in an address
to the people, discussed this doctrine ofinstruction,
and the several questions of public policy which
were in controversy between us. This brought
upon me the censure of the legislature of 1842,
in a series of resolutions presented to this body,
of which I forbear to speak in the only language
which would be appropriate to them.
At the close of the last session of Congress, I re-
turned to the State and presented my personal appeal
to the people. I addressed myself to my fellow-
citizens as opportunities offered, and particularly to
several hundred of the most intelligent citizens of
Georgia, assembled in convention in the Capitol of
the State. For the first time during the last year,
the several issues between the legislatures of
1841 and 1842 were presented directly to the peo-
ple, in time to permit their discussion, and they
were fully discussed. I need not tell you, sir, what
was the result of that reference. I need not tell you
that the people of Georgia have thrice spoken m a
language which cannot be misunderstood—in a lan-
guage which, if the present legislature of Georgia
were as little restrained by the constitutional limi-
tations of their powers as their predecessors, my
colleague would not fail to understand.
And now, sir, what is the attitude in which he has
thought proper to present himself to the Senate this
morning? He stands here as one of the representa-
tives of Georgia, avowing opinions which are in
conflict, not merely with those of the legisla-
ture, but of the people of the State. Such a
position is certainly not a desirable one. It has
been my lot to bear, (though I never sought it,)
and I have borne it, regardless of the impotent as-
saults which were made upon me. My colleague
may have assumed this antagonist position; he cer-
tainly can do so with perfect confidence that he will
be exempt from these assaults—that no wanton ag-
fression will be made upon his feelings. Helnay
erive this confidence not simply from the terms of
the resolutions which he has presented to you, nor
from any mere inference which he may deduce from
them; but from the high sense of their constitutional
duty, which is an essential principle in the creed oJ
that great party which now happily predominates in
the legislative councils of the State.
My colleague objects to the resolutions which he
has presented, that they bestow praises on me with-
out offering an argument to you to sustain them.
Sir, such an argument would have been singularly
misplaced. They meant to express their opinions
and feelings in relation to a public agent, who,
in their judgment, had been unwanantably as-
'Skulted by their predecessors; and in giving the
assurance of their confidence, they did not feel that
they were called upon to enter into a discussion of
the political questions which were connected with
it. From this omission, my colleague has ventured
to draw the inference that the legislature of Georgia
did not dare to express their approbation of those
principles, which was necessary to justify that con-
fidence; and, m doing so, he misrepresents the char-
acter of that legislature. Sir, that assembly of the
freemen of Georgia is composed men as little prone
to shrink from the expression of their opinions, on
all proper occasions, as any assembly on earth.
They have not entered into the discussion of these
questions,- for reasons which heive been distinctly
avowed in the progress of their session. They
were assembled under the constitution of Georgia.
The peculiar interests of that State were the ob-
jects of their care. They linew that the national in-
terests of that people had been by -them confided
to a distinct class of agents, and they had, at an
early period of their session, and in the discussion
of a totally distinct subject, disclaimed their obliga-
tion to interfere with them. On a motion to refer to
a committee so much of the message of the .out-go-
ing governor as related to the tariff, the bank, and
other questions of national policy, they "refused the
reference. It is therefore that, m their legislative
proceedings, and in the resolutions which have been
presented to you to-day, they have abstained from
discussing these topics. But these same individuals,
acting as individuals, have not hesitated to proclaim
.and publish to the people of Georgia their opinions
in relation to each and all of them. These, with the
conflicting opinions of their opponents, constituted
the issues which were submitted to that people at
the recent elections, and my colleague remembers
the dicisions which were rendered on each succes-
sive trial. It is in vain then, sir, to impute to the
legislature of Georgia the want of courage to ex-
press their opinions. The imputation is unfounded.
That legislature, sir, had abundant occupation for
all their time, during a session of forty or fifty days,
in reclaiming the affairs of the State from the ruin-
ous condition in which they had been left by the
mismanagement of their predecessors, who, with a
solitary exception, had for the last ten years con-
trolled the councils of the State. They addressed
themselves to these, their appropriate duties, with a
zeal, assiduity, and intelligence which have secured
to them the apjprobation of their constituents. The
regulation of their currency; the renovation of their
finances; the redemption of the credit of the State; a
compliance with their constitutional duty in districting
the State; regulating the red uction of their State
representation ; providing for carrying on their
great work ofinternal improvement;—these, and other
kindred subjects, occupied their attention, under a
sense of duty, and not from a want of nerve. If
other motives had been required, they were admon-
ished by the fate of their predecessors—by the con-
demnation pronounced by the people on their
conduct. Sir, if there was any one consideration
which more largely than another entered into the
recent canvass—which more especially induced the
people of Georgia to repel from their confidence
those who, for ten years, had enjoyed it, it was that,
overlooking the interests of the State, and their own
appropriate duties, they had spent their time in vain
and unprofitable discussions, and had thus brought
i^its affairs into confusion and embarrassment. The
•strong expression of public feeling which was given
at the recent elections was an emphatic admonition
to the new depositaries of the people's confidence
not to sin in a .similar manner. They have obeyed
the injunction, and have retired from their legisla-
tive labors with the unqualified approbation of their
constituents; in my humble judgment, with the ap-
probation of frank men of all parties.
If, in the resolutions now presented to you, they
have seemed to deviate from the course they had
thus prescribed to themselves, let it be recollected
that their predecessors, disregarding the ordinary
rules of courtesy which ought to prevail between
public agents, as well as individuals—disregarding
the higher obligations of justice—had deemed it
their right, as i^well accorded with their inclination,
to hold me up to the censure of the people of the
United States. They had declared their determina-
tion to hold no communication with me, although
they had manifested the puerility of the attempt, by
subsequently calling upon me, a few days after,
to aid by my exertions in accomplishing their
wishes in this body. It was then the right—may I
not say it was the duty—of the present legislature
of Georgia to restore those relations between them-
selves and a senator of that State; and, in so doing,
to express, if they felt it, the confidcnco which they
reposed in him.
I am not disposed to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate. I cannot be drawn into a reply to the remarks
of my colleague in the spirit in which they were
made. Having honestly discharged the duties of
this station according to the best of my ability, I
have always felt my responsibility to the people,
but not to the legislature of Georgia. I have de-
nied their right of instruction. I did so publicly,
at the seat of government, before I was elected,
professing, at the same time, my willingness freely
to express my opinions on any subject which might
be pi;es|nted to me; so that, if those opinions should
not be found to accord with ' those of the; inquirer,
he might abstain from voting for me. ' I made tbesie
declarations three weeks before my election.' It
was my wish that the legislature should distinctly
understand my political opinions on every subject
and they were understood, and have been since ap-
proved by a great majority of the people and the legis-
lature of Georgia. Having been elected, and entered
upon my duties in this chamber, after this distinct
declaration that I could not sacrifice the dictates;of
my own judgment to legislative instruction, and,that
I would not violate the constitutional tenure "of
office, nor sacrifice the rights of an American sena-
tor by retiring from my station at the summons of
party, I have had the impenetrable armor of con-
scious rectitude to sustain me under the assaults of
my political opponents, having been cheered at all
times by the unfaltering approbation of my political
friends.
Summoned, as I have been again to-day, before the
people of the United States by the wanton assault
of my colleague, this is my answer; and to that peo-
ple I cheerfully commit the decision of this most
extraordinary controversy.
Mr. COLQUITT said: I am satisfied, sir, that
the people of Georgia will be truly gratified to learn
that my colleague is not so much elevated by his
election to the Senate, but what he feels and esti-
mates legislative praise, no matter how little he regards
legislative censure. My colleague throws himself
however, upon his dignity, and refuses to respond to
such things as are intimately connected with the wel-
fare of the people of Georgia, and for which the.
legislatures of 1841 and 1842 censured his conduct.
He occupies truly a singular position: stilted upon
his high conceptions of senaiorial elevation, he re-
fuses to recognise legislative requisitions, when
they relate to the public we il, but receives them
with joy, when they pay a personal compliment to
himself. The Senator has boasted of the nerve
which the last legislature possessed; and pronoimces
with emphasis, that they could have dared to do what-
ever was their will. It was not my purpose, when
I said they did not dare to risft'the passage of a
resolution approbating any particular act of the
Senator, that they were wanting in courage; for they
gave manifold proofs of their daring. The manner
they divided the State into senatorial and congres-
sional districts, affords evidenefe enough of their
boldness, but I aver'that they could not have
passed a resolution, approving a solitary leading mea-
sure of the extra session of Congress. The Senator,
however, excuses them upon another ground—that
they did not feel themselves justified to express their
opinions upon subjects of national interest. I
should be glad to learn how long it has been since
the members of that legislature imbibed that doc-
trine. It is very strange that this motive should
have been so powerful at this time, when the legis-
lature of Georgia has passed resolutions upon
the tariff, the bank, and almost every other national
question in which the interest of the State was in-
volved. This last legislature originated resolu-
tions, asking Congress to remit the duty on
railroad iron: it passed the House of Rep-
resentatives; and while under discussion in the
Senate, a substitute was proposed by a democratic
member, condemning the whole protective policy;
and, although it was a whig Senate, the substitute
was adopted. Does the senator deny the right to
the legislature of the State to indicate their opin-
ions of the interests of the people? Sir, this is new
doctrine, utterly at war with the action of every
State legislature in the Union. This doctrine is a
part of the whig policy of the State of Georgia; they
have sought studiously to avoid every issue upon
national politics; and, by local questions, have been
gradually transferring the people of the State into
tile arms of federalism. The majority of the peo-
ple of Georgia are decidedly and uncompromisingly op-
posed to the "American system," and the whole
whig policy of the extra session. Prudencc, there-
fore, and not a want of confidence in their right,
prevented the last legislature from meddling with
national politics. Let the issues be fairly made in
the State of Georgia, and, my word for it, the peo-
ple are still true to the republican faith of their
fathers. Railroads, pecuniary difficulties, and some-
times ambition, may give our adversaries an ad-
vantage; but the people are still true to a strict con-
struction of the constitution. The senator has said
that never, until the last election, were all their issues
made; and then that they were made, and the elec-
tions prove their triumph, I insist, sir, that the sen-
