Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
na#
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Heps.
amend the journal, the clerk, as he was bound to do,
entered the protest on the journal as part of the pro-
ceedings of the House. This he did under the direc-
tions of the Spaaker. Not only this, but when the
point was nid.de, the Speaker decided that the protest
properly and necessarily constituted a part of the
proceedings of the House, and was properly on the
journal. In this decision the House acquiesced.
And, sir. it being apart of the ''proceedings" of the
House, and properly on the journal, what was the
duty of the House in regard to it? The constitution,
if it yet has binding force enough to make it worthy
of being referred to, decides the question. It de-
clares that "each House shall keep a journal of its
proceedings, and from time to time publish the same,
excepting such parts as may, in their judgment, re-
quire secrecy; and the yeas and nays of members oi
either House, 011 any question, shall, at the desire
of one-fifth of those present, be entered on the jour-
nal."
Now, sir, the record of this protest being a part of
the "proceedings of the House, the mandate of the
constitution is, that you shall keep it. But did this
House obey that mandate? Let facts decide. At a
subsequent day a motion was made to strike the pro-
test from the journal! And this motion was sus-
tained. And accordingly this part of' our "proceed-
ings" was not kept, as the constitution commanded,
but was destroyed! It is said (and I suppose the
fact to be so) that the leaf of the journal containing
this protest was actually taken from the journal and
destroyed.
Now, sir, it must be borne in mind that it was not
pretended that the journal did not speak the truth.
The facts were recorded correctly; the Speaker de-
cided that they all formed a part of the proceedings
of the House, and were properly on the journal.
The constitution then stepped in, and declared that
these proceedings should be kept, in order to hold
all to just responsibility who had taken part in them.
But the majority declared they should not be kept;
they were torn from the journal and consigned to
oblivion. The yeas and nays were taken on the
protest, and entered with it on the journal. There
the matter should have stood, that all who voted
either for or against the proposition, might be held
to just accountability. But what did the majority
do? They ordered the protest to be taken off the
journal, thereby leaving the yeas and nays standing
"solitary and alone," unconnected with the real
question on which they were given. Who can be
held responsible on such a journal as this? The yeas
and nays put down, but the proposition on which"
they were given taken away! The history of legis-
lation surely does not present another such case.
One other thing, touching this extraordinary con-
,duct of the majority on this floor, I must briefly
notice, and then 1 have done. On yesterday, on the
motion to take the question from the Committee of
the "Whole, and bring it into the House, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] objected to those
whose seats were in contioveisy voting, because
they were directly interested m the result. His ob-
jection was based not only on the common sense of
the thing, but on the rule of the House, which pro-
vides that "No member shall vote on any question
in the event of which he is immediately and partic-
ularly intciested;" but, strange to say, the Chair
(Mr. Beardsley, then occupying the chair) de-
cided they had a right to vote, and, on appeal, his
decision was sustained by the House.
Now, sii, by way of remembrance, I desire to
call up what the same party, which now rules on
this floor, did in a similar case, when their interests
prompted them in a different way. I allude to the
New Jersey election ease. The members from New
Jersey came with the broad seal of the State attesting
their right to seats on this floor. And what did
this same party then do? They refused to allow
them to vote, not merely on questions in winch
they had a peisonal interest, but in the election of
Speaker. And tins, too, before any decision had
been made as to their right to seats. What strange
contrasts are here piesuited! What opposite and
contradictory positions thi.s party can assume when
prompted by party views'
But, sir, 1 nave detained you long enough. If I
hu\e departed at all from the mam question under
debate, it has been m defence of myself and
those with whom I have been acting. Whether the
majority or minority be in the right on this great
question, the country must decide.
Note.—At the close of the debate, the majority
on the floor made another most-extraordinary party
move. Not being able, I suppose, to bring the con-
sciences of all the faithful up to the declaration that
the law of Congress was unconstitutional and void,
the resolution from the Committee of Elections was
abandoned, and, by a party vote, another substitu-
ted in its place, declaring those elected by general
ticket entitled to hold their seats without giving any
reason therefor. This I regard as an abandonment
of the position that the law was a nullity. They
impliedly acknowledge its binding force, but still
declare those entitled to scats who were elected in
open disregard and violation of it. The party de-
cree had gone forth that they should retain their
seats, and the edict must be registered! From such
rulers God save the country! M. B.
SPEECH OF MR. HARDIN,
of illinois.
In the House of Representatives, January 17, 1844—On
the resolution offered by Mr. Thomasson, of Ken-
tucky, to instruct the Committee of Ways and
Means to report an appropriation sufficient to keep
the snag-boats on the Mississippi and its tributa-
ries in operation during the present year.
Mr. Speaker: Although I am aware that the
House must be fatigued with the length of the debate
on this subject, yet, before the question is taken on
the resolution, I desire to present to the honorable
members on this floor some facts which have not
been fully presented for their consideration. Before
doing so, however, I may be permitted to advert to
some remarks which have been made by several
gentlemen, representing the old States, in reference
to what they term the sectional feeling which has
been manifested by the western members in this de-
bate. It is true that all the members from the West
are impressed with the belief that the expenditures
of the public money have been partial and unequal,
and that the wants and interests of the West, espe-
cially in regard to the question now before the
House, have been overlooked and disregarded. It
is also true that there is a very general disposition
amongst the western members to press the consid-
eration of this subject, arising from the anxiety
which is so universally felt in the West, to see some
efficient action m Congress favorable to their wishes.
But whilst these admissions a^e made, showing the
causes of that extreme solicitude in urging a prompt
consideration of the claims of the western rivers,
which some gentlemen have so much deprecated, I
will not admit that we are influenced by sectional
considerations in pressing this resolution. Experi-
ence and travel have fully convinced me that there
is less sectional feeling in the West than in any
other portion of the Union; and for myself, sir, I
must be permitted to say that, m my action on ques-
tions connected with the improvement of the coun-
try, I will always be found leadyto award to the
North, East, or South, that justice in ministering
to their wants, and to \ote tho^e appropri-
ations required by their situation and condition,
which I now ask for the West. In former days,
when any of these sections asked for appropriations
for the security and defence of their frontier, or of
their commerce, or there has been a demand for soj-
dieis to assist them m resisting the attacks of a for-
eign enemy, the West always came to their aid,
with then- votes, their money, and their men. And
we will not, at tins late day, permit ourselves to be
branded with acting upon selfish or sectional feel-
ing, in urging the claims of the West foi the objects
2"troposed in the resolution.
The West does not ask of gentlemen that they
should vote for appropriations whose benefits ^re
purely confined to the western citizens. She placcs
her claims upon higher ground, and demands, as a
matter of right and justice, that those streams which
constitute the common highways of the nation,
and on whose bosoms are borne freights belonging
to, and destined for, every section in this Union,
should have the aid of the general government in
removing the obstructions to their navigation, which
the immense and incieasing business done upon
them, and their importance to the tiade and wealth
of the whole country, imperiously justify and re-
quire. Our magnificent streams, though they are
situated in the West, do not belong to the people
of the West. They are the common property of
the people of the nation, and of incalculable value to
the commerce of the nation—are subject to the ju-
risdiction, and are regulated in the management of
their trade by the laws of Congress, ana therefore
claim from this body those appropriations whi^k*-
are indispensable for their safe navigation.
The inquiry is frequently made by those who are
opposed to making any appropriation, What right
has Congress,'under the constitution, to make arty
appropriation for the improvement of these rivers?
I answer, that the power and duty of Congress to
legislate on this subject arise from three distinct
sources:
First. The general government^owns, in the new
States and the organized Territories, 300,000,000
acres of land; and west of Missouri and Arkansas
800,000,000 of acres more. As it is the interest of
the government to dispose of these lands as speedily
as possible, and as it is certainly the right of the
government, as the great landholder of the western
lands, to improve the value of those lands, it is
therefore both within the power and duty of Con-
gress to improve the navigation of these rivers, that
the government lands may be enhanced in value,
that emigrants may find them of easier access, and
thereby a more ready market be afforded for them.
Second. By the ordinance of 1787, which was a
compact made between Virginia, the States Of the
Union, and the inhabitants of the northwestern
territory, and which has been judicially recognised
as obligatory upon the people and present govern-
ment, it is provided—•
"That the navigable waters leading into the Mis-
sissippi and St. Lawrence, and the carrying places
between the same, shall be common highways, and
forever free, as well to the inhabitants of said ter-
ritory as to the citizens of the United States, and
those of any other States that may be admitted into
the Confederacy, without any tax, impost, or duty
therefor."
By the term "carrying-places" between said riv-
ers, it was well understood at the time, as it is now
by those acquainted with the localities, were meant
those places where the hunters, traders, and armies
of the nation carried their furs, peltries, stores, and
military equipments across the land between the
head-waters of those streams, some of which ran
into the St. Lawrence and the others into the Missis-
sippi; the principal carrying places thus intended to
be designated, being undoubtedly those between the
head-waters of the Wabash and Miami of the Ohio
and theMaumeeof the lakes, that between the Illi-
nois river and the waters of Lake Michigan, and that
between the Wisconsin river and the Fox river, of
Lake Michigan. The control of these rivers and
the cairying places being thus vested in the general
government, and the government having always re-
served from sale the bed of the navigable streams in
the country referred to in the ordinance, and both
rivers and carrying-places being declared free to all
the people of the nation, the States cannot exercise
exclusive jurisdiction over them, and Congress has
at all times the power of making such provisions for
the regulation of the commerce over these "public
highways" as it may deem necessary for the benefit
of the people of all the States.
The third ground upon whi<Ji we base the author-
ity of Congress to act in this matter, and which hes
never been arid cannot be met by any fair argument,
is to he found in those clauses of the constitution of
the United States which provide that—
"Congress shall have power to regulate commerce
with foreign nations, and among the several States,
and with the ixidian tribes." Also, "to make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrj ~
ing into effect the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this constitution m the govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department tr
oiftce thereof.''
It will be observed that precisely the same words
arc lued to give Congress the power to regulate
commerce between the States, as js given it to regu-
late foreign commerce. The power to regulate com-
merce necessarily carries with it the power to do all
those acts which are essential to render commerce
useful, safe, and profitable. To effect this, it may
becomc necessary to guard against the depredations
of pirates, or to remove local obstructions, which
equally may prevent or injure commercial intei-
course. An illustration may present this subject in
a light more strongly than an argument. Every
Congress has made appropriations to erect light-
houses, to build bicakwatet s, and deepen the moutj s
of harbors on the seaboard. Now, there is no ex-"
press delegation of power to Congress in the consti-
tution to do any of these acts; and whence then
comes the power thus to expend the public money,
and to exercise jurisdiction over these light-houses,
