Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23£
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Reps.
it will show that there is an annual expenditure on
the western waters, for the cost of transportation of
passengers and freight, of $15,000,000.
These boats are engaged in transporting an amount
of freight which may surprise those who have not
examined the facts of the case.
The downward trade to New Orleans is estimated
at $60,000,000
The upward cargoes at the same - 60,000,000
The trade arising from the manufac-
tures of the cities on the western
waters, and of the produce which
does not descend to New Orleans,
and of the effects of emigrants, is
estimated at - 70,000,000
The amount of goods brought byway
of Pittsburg and the lakes down the
western rivers, from the East, may
be estimated at - 60,000,000
Making a total of values transported
annually amounting to - 950,000,000
This amount not only is enormous, but facts
show that the increase of this trade is 10 per cent,
per annum.
It will appear by a report submitted to the present
Congress, page 145 of Doc. No. 1, that the trade of
the lakes in 1841 amounted to $65,826,000. This
t'ade has increased beyond all calculation, and was
estimated in 1843 at §100,000,000.
The extent of lake coast is about 5,200 miles, of
which 2,000 belong to Great Britain.
Without adverting to the trade on the canals and
railroads of the Atlantic States, which must amount
to $200,000,000, it will be seen that the internal
commerce of the United Suites on the northern
lakes and western rivers amounts annually to $350,-
000,000.
It is sometimes said that comparisons are odious;
but, at the risk of exciting the envy of some of our
Atlantic friends, I will briefly compare this trade
with the foreign commerce of the nation.
From the report submitted to this Congress by
the Secretary of the Treasury, it appears that the
Imports for 1842 amounted to - $100,162,087
Exports for 1842 - 104,691,534
Making a total of ... 204,853,621
Look, now, at the expenditures for the protection
of this foreign commerce, and we will take the ex-
penditures of the year 1842, as reported to us in
Doc. No. 7 of the present session, which are about
an average with the expenditures of a series of years
for the same purpose.
Foreign intercourse, which embraces the
expenses of maintaining ministers at
foreign courts - - - $357,884
Support and maintenance of light-houses,
&c. 389,388
Building custom-houses - 109,560
Survey of the coast of the United
States ----- 87,263
Add to this the expenses of the navy,
which is entirely employed in protect-
$941,095
ing our foreign trade -
- 8,324,993
And we have a total expenditure for the
protection of foreign commerce of - §9,269,088
Permit me to call the attention of honorable mem-
bers to the amount which has been expended dur-
ing the same time for the protection of our internal
commerce.
Harbors, rivers, roads, &c. , - - $>108,482
Surveys - 37,708
Total - - - $146,190
It is to be presumed that there is a balance unex-
pended, as I perceive that the last Congress appro-
priated for this purpose §205,000.
It will be seen that the expenditures for the aid. of
our internal commerce on the lakes and rivers, did
not amount to one-tweutiah of one per cent.; whilst
the government expends about five per cent, on the
gross amount of our foreign commerce for its pro-
tection. And in fact it expended, the last year, fifty
times as much for the protection of foreign com-
mercr as it did for the infernal commerce of the
country. Now, sir, I appeal to gentlemen, when
they hear of disasters occurring every week on the
western waters for want of the aid of the general
government in making appropriations for their safe-
ty. if it is right, is it proper, that this inequality
should exist? And would we not be recreant to
every principle of duty to our constituents, and in-
sensible to every ennobling feeling which should ex-
cite us to action, when we have so recently heard of
the disasters which have befallen the property and
lives of our friends, if we did not earnestly and
firmly press the consideration and favorable action
of Congress in behalf of the western waters.
The losses which are sustained by accidents upon
the western waters, far exceed the losses which oc-
cur in any other branch of our commerce. Those
who have examined the subject, state that one steam-
boat is lost by these accidents, on an average, every
week m the year. Estimating the loss of boat and
caigo at but $20,000, which is a very reasonable cal
culation, the annual loss is $1,040,000.
In seventeen months preceding Decem-
ber, 1842, there were seventy-two
steamboats lost on the wesrern waters,
which were estimated by a committee
of intelligent gentlemen of Cincinnati
to be worth, without their cargoes, - $1,200,000
Add for the Jobs of cargoes, - - 1,000,000
And we have a loss in seventeen months
of $2,200,000
Three-fourths of these accidents occur from snags
and other similar obstacles, which might lie removed
if sufficient funds were expended for that purpose.
Nor are these accidents confined to losses ot proper-
ty'—for this House has but too recently seen the ac-
counts of the loss of between forty and fifty indh i-
duals by the sinking; of the Shepherdess. I regret
that I have not the data to state witli absolute cer-
tainty the number of lives which are lost upon these
rivers; but 1 feel confident that I am within the mark
in stating the number of lives annually sacrificed by
the neglect of the general government to remove
these obstructions, at two hundred. We are shock-
ed at the inhumanity of the Pagans, when we are in-
formed by travellers that they throw their offspring
into the Ganges to appease the wrath or gam the
favor of an imaginary deity. Yet this government,
with all its pretensions to civilization and refine-
ment, and with all its boasted regard for the welfare
of every one of its citizens, is guilty of as gross in-
justice and of equal barbarity m exposing the lives
of so many of its citizens to danger, when the bills
of mortality show that her citizens, by forties and
fifties at a time, find an unexpected grave amidst the
darkness of night beneath the turbid waves of the
Mississippi; or, if they escape the perils of the wa-
ters. are left to die by inches upon its bleak shores,
when these accidents might have been prevented if
the government had peifotmed its duty, and the
fathers and mothers, and children who are sleeping
the long sleep of death beneath its restless sands,
might still be active, vigorous citizens, biightening
the countenances of their friends with then pres-
ence, and dispensing' hope, comfort, and happiness
to those who are now mourning their loss amidst
anguish and pnvation.
Mr. Speaker, a person who has not seen the low-
er Mississippi when it was swollen with the iloods
in the spiing, or when it was at low water m the fall,
can form no adequate idea of the dangers of its navi-
gation. When swollen, ll appears as though by
some convulsion of nature an inland sea, a mountain
of sand, and a forest had been dissolved together,
and their liquid mass of yellow lava was rushing to
the ocean over the ciater of a subteiranean fire The
fowler hunts no game upon its bosom; the angler
sports no fly to tempt the few fish which are to I e
found in its waters; and the boldest swimmer seeks
not to bathe in its treacherous currents. Ill many
places, owing to the cross currents and under-tow,
the man who, by accident or design, plunges into
its waves, never rises to the surface, and will not,
until the wateis shall give up their dead. At low
water, sawyers are seen, which were not discovera-
ble or dangerous during the high water; sand-bars
are visible in ail directions, which, in their continual
fluctuations, expose snags before unknown to the
pilot; its banks in most places cannot be scaled, ow-
ing to their pi ecipitancy and to the crumbling na-
ture of the materials of which they are composed.
If a traveller should pass through the steamboat
grave-yard in low water, as 1 have, he would per-
ceive the wrecks of sleinboats lying as profusely
around as logs m our forest; and amidst the breaks
in the water, and the eddies which are formed by
sunken vessels, the boat, though propelled as slowly
as possible to overcome the current, found as much
difficulty to thread its way amongst the wrecked
palaces rotting beneath the waves, which were once
the pride but are now the dread of the fearless boat-
man, as a stranger has to pick his cautious path" in
an old grave-yard without rashly treading upon the
ashes of the dead.
The character of the upper Mississippi, and -of
its principal tributaries—such as the Illinois, Rock,
Des Moines, and Iowa rivers—is essentially differ-
ent. Their waters are never muddied, and their
channels never change; and on either bank, the soil
is as fertile, and the landscape as beautiful, as any.
that ever gladdened the eye of a farmer, or delighted
the imagination of the lover of lature. The obsta-
cles to the navigation of the upper Mississippi con-
sist chiefly of the rocks which he in the crooked
channel of the river at the Des Moines and Rock
Island rapids, which render the navigation exceed-
ingly dangerous in an ordinary stage of water, and
altogether prevent the passage of steamers in ex-
treme low water. Although this is but a trtie state-
ment of the dangers which now accompany the
navigation of those streams, they can nearly all be
easily removed by snag-boats on the lower, and by
proper improvements on the upper Mississippi.
And they should be removed without delay, in jus-
tice to the West; for it should be borne in mind by
every member that the Mississippi is as necessary
and as useful to the people of the West, for the
purpose of travel and transporting their property, as
the ocean is to the inhabitants of the Atlantic States.
It is the main outlet for the products of twice as
large a scope of country as lies east of the Allegha-
mes, and, in usefulness and importance to the com-
merce and intercourse of this nation, is^ scarcely to
be rated second to the broad ocean itself.
Some gentleman has objected to the resolution un-
der consideration because it does not specify the
amount which will be required to keep the snag-
boats in operation, and he fears it will involve some
enormous appropriation. If that gentleman had but
examined the documents laid upon his table, ac-
companying the President's message, at page 212
he would have discovered that the estimates wens
already submitted by Colonel Long, giving the pre-
cise information he desires. I will read some of the
items:
Employment of four snag-boats nine
months, at $2,lfi0 per month for
each boat - *77,760
Repairs and outfit of the same, &c. - 6,000
Employment of two steam-machine
boats, nine months, at §1,100 per
month for each boat - - 19,800
Repairs, &c. of the same - - 3,000
Construction of two small steamboats,
or transports, of light draft, to
serve as towboats, tenders, &c., in
the service, at $8,000 each - - 16,000
Employment of same lime months, at
«>800 per month - - 14,000
Then are stated estimates of surveys
for the different rivers, and the fol-
lowing general item:
Constructing dams, improving chan- .
nels, and various other operations
not now definable, (say) - - 53,220
Making the whole amount estimated at §223,000
It will be seen that the amount required to keep
the snag-boats in operation is but a trifling sum,
when compared with the revenues of the govern-
ment or the vast interests at stake. J^et me
call the attention of the House to the "estimates of
appropriations'" submitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury for the ensuing year. They wth be found
to consist of the following items:
Civil list, foreign intercourse, and miscel-
naneous - ^
A nil v proper -
Foitifications, ordnance, &c. - - f,091,4S0
Indian department - " "
Pensions -
Naval establishment - - - 8,894,007
Making a total of - - §21,850,844
By examining page 37 of the same document No.
G under the head of "harbors, rivers, roads, &c."
the particular appropriations which are estimated to
berfqui.ed by the heads of departments having
charge of this'branch of service are stated at length.
These improvements are situate on the seaboard, the
northern lakes, and the western rivers, and I will
give some of the items:
