$36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Committee on Maps and Charts—Mr. Simons.
H. of Reps.
For continuing the improvement of the
* harbor at Cnicago, Illinois -
For harbor at Milwaukie, Wisconsin
For harbor at Buffalo, New York
For Delaware breakwater
For continuing* improvement of the
Hudson river, New York -
For Cape Fear river, North Carolina
For continuing the improvement of the
harbor of St. Louis
For continuing the improvement of the
navigation of the Missouri, Missis-
sippi, Ohio and Arkansas rivers ' -
For the Cumberland road in Ohio
For do Indiana -
For do Illinois -
$30,000
25,000
50,000
100,000
50,000
40,000
30,000
443,500
100,000
150,000
150,000
Making, with other improvements, the
fross estimate of - - $1,153,359
n the estimates there are some works omitted,
which I think should be specified, but this is not
the time to urge them before this House.
We arc again met with the objection that the es-
timates of appropriations are altogether too large
and must be reduced. Well, sir, I will heartily join
gentlemen in adopting the utmost economy which
is consistent with the interests of the government.
I ask for no extravagant appropriations, and do not
wish to see any wild, reckless scheme of improve-
ment adopted by Congress. If the House desire to
cut down the estimates one-half, it may do very
well. But I wish to know where gentlemen are
going to begin. Do they design to carry out the
views said to be entertained by the Committee of
Ways and Means to cut off all appropriations for
harbors, rivers, and roads? If so, we will never
submit to it tamely. Why, sir, some gentlemen
will vote millions for the protection of our foreign
commerce, but hesitate at granting thousands for the
protection of internal commerce. They can swal-
low, without difficulty, a whole line of fortifications
on salt water, and take down an entire fleet at a
gulp; yet they strain and choke at the hare sight of
a fresh water snag-boat. It is strange how this ap-
proximation to salt water amplifies their legislative
digestion.
The West pays an average of three millions of
dollars annually into the public treasury for public
lands. The very money which is carried by emi-
grants to the West goes to enrich the coffers of the
governmentin payment for lands, and find its way
back again to the East, to be there expended for for-
tifications, light-houses, and the navy. Besides this
continual dram, we pay our fair share of the reve-
nue of the country, collected on the foreign goods
which are consumed in the West. There are more
than six millions of people concerned in the im-
provements of the western waters, and we think—
yes, sir, we know—that we have a right to share
some small portion of the benefits of the expendi-
tures of the government. We are entitled to an
equal share of the appropriations made by the gov-
ernment; but though we aak leys, we will not rest
satisfied with nothing. All that we ask is, that if
the estimates of appropriations are cut down by
Congress, the appropriations for the West be
not reduced below the average allowed to other por-
tions of the service. If the estimates aie reduced
one half, we'will be content to take our half in the
Wet>t; if they aie not reduced so much, we must
have our fair proportion. To demand less than this
would be unwoithy the people we represent.
Some of the members interested in the improve-
ment of the Lakes and the Hudson river object to
this resolution because it is confined to asking ap-
propriations for the western rivers, and they fear
that if we succeed their improvements will be over-
looked. I now tell these gentlemen that, soldi as
my vote is concerned, I am disposed to act on the
most catholic principles. The State which I rep-
resent in partis connected in her interests with eve-
ry section of this Union. The Mississippi, which
wabhesits western shore for five hundred miles,
affords us a market, although a must uncertain
one, for most of our surplus piuducts. The
Ohio, on our southern border, gives us a com-
munication with the middle States, and upon it
are transported most of the emigrants who come
to our prairies, and most of the goods which are
needed for our supplies. We border upon the north-
em lakes, upon which a large trade is already ear-
ned on from the port of Chicago; and when the Illi-
nois and Michigan canal, winch is being constructed
ovei one of the carrying-places mentioned m the or-
dinance, and upon which the State of Illinois has
expended five millions of dollars, shall be completed,
(which I earnestly hope will be at no distant day,)
there will then be transported on the lakes one half
of the surplus products of Illinois. I can assure the
gentleman from New York that I shall not stop to
Inquire into the mooted point as to the size of the
Hudson river, nor whether it is situated in one
State, or runs through a dozen. Although I have
never been upon its shores, I know that it is an im-
portant link of communication between the seaboard
and the West; and there is not a week, in the busi-
ness season of the year, when there is not transport-
ed upon it properly belonging to and destined for'
Illinois. The improvement of the Hudson, as of all
other rivers similarly situated, and acting as con-
necting links between different sections of the Union,
have ever been considered heretofore, and always
should be considered hereafter, as gieat national
highways, demanding the fostering protection of the
general government.
Mr. Speaker, whilst I make these statements, I
must also be permitted to say that I do not wish to
enter into a system of log-rolling to carry through
this measure. I have seen the evils of that system
carried to the extreme in the legislation of my own
State; and we are now suffering too severely from
its unfortunate results, for me to be willing to see it
adopted here. But, sir, as I am willing to do jus-
tice to all sections of the Union, when a proper op-
portunity is presented, I ask gentlemen from every
quarter of the House to aid in the passage of this
resolution, and thus give us some evidence that the
western waters shall not continue to be what they
have been—a reproach to the government, and a
burial-place for the bodies and property of our citi-
zens.
REMARKS OF MR. SIMONS,
OF CONNECTICUT.
In the Home of Representatives, Jtfarch 16, 1844.—
On a resolution to appoint a standing committee
of the House to superintend the printing and en-
graving of maps and charts.
Mr. SIMONS said that he was disappointed to
find the resolution under consideration opposed on
the grounds urged by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Steenrod,] who had just taken his seat. The
gentleman contends that the appointment of the
committee will obstruct the business of the House;
but if appointed, the number proposed is too small.
Mr. S. said he was indifferent as to the number,
whether it should consist of three or nine, if it only
afforded an adequate remedy for the evil. But there
appeared to the committee to be good and sufficient
reasons why the committee should not be more nu-
merous than the one proposed. Their business was
to be confined to the single subject of maps and
charts. They were liable to be called on to report
at any time. The larger the committee was the
more difficult it would be to procure a meeting, and,
consequently, more likely to occasion delay. A
large committee, therefore, on this subject, would
be inconvenient, and less likely to dischnrge the du-
ty satisfactorily to the House than the one pro-
posed. As to the objection that a committee of
three were as liable to be tampered with and over-
reached as the clerk of the House, who had been,
in time past, intrusted with the business, was whol-
ly untenable. Mr. S. knew of no rule in arithmetic
which made one equal to three, and had seen no
evidence to place the character of the clerks so
far above thatof the members.
Mr. S. objected to the amendment of the gen-
tleman to invest the Committee on Accounts
with a supervision of this business, as evident-
ly calculated, if not intended, to defeat the labor-
of the committee to correct the gross abuses which
had existed for years m this branch of the public
service. It was well known that the Committee on
Accounts were overburdened with duties, and there
was reason to believe that abuses existed to such
an extent, which it was their duty to inquire into,
tlut the proper attention could not be given to tins
subject. If their ability or cfHcicncy was to be in-
ferred fiom the allowance of the bills which had re-
ceived the sanction of that committee for the last
two Congiesses, it must be manifest that no im-
provement, and no good result, could be expected
from inti asting the business to their care. Instead
of adding to the duties of that committee, their la-
bors should be divided to insure greater scrutiny
on all matters brought before them. Had that
committee been able to examine thoroughly the
bills that had been paid by this House, during the
last four years, no doubt can be entertained but
many thousands of dollars would have been saved,
as such accounts could not have been sanctioned
but from want of investigation. Is it a part of
wisdom, then, to add to the duties of this al-
ready overburdened committee the correction of
an abuse which they have failed to ferret out and
provide against? Shall it be handed over to.a com-
mittee who have failed to perform the business in-
trusted to them? But this is not all. The proposed
amendment makes one of the parties the auditors of
the accounts, which should operate as an insupera-
ble objection. They should not be united in the
s&ne persons, but tfie duties of each referred to dif-
ferent committees, to operate as a mutual check and
an additional safeguard. They should be composed,
too, of members removed as far as practicable be-
yond the reach of the influence from this centre of
combinations, where men subsist and fatten on the
national treasury, through cunning artifice, and blind
agreements made for liberal construction.
The gentleman expresses anxiety lest the clerk of
this House should be impliedly and unjustly im-
peached. But if he will examine the report of the
committee, he will find that they have not even al-
luded to him; nor was it any part of their duty to do
so by the terms of their appointment. But as the
gentleman has stated that the contract for furnish-
ing maps to accompany the land commissioners
report was only about one-half what had been here-
tofore paid, Mr. S. said he felt called upon to give
the reasons for this apparent retrenchment. These
maps had heretofore, as he understood, cost the
government about sixty-six cents each, but had
been contracted for this session for twenty-nine
cents each. This reduction resulted from a compe-
tition not easily to have been shunned, though
it is said to have been attempted to be overcome
by a trick. The plan was to charge, as here-
tofore, for coloring the maps. For instance:
to charge two cents for red, two and a half for yel-
low, one and a half for blue, and three cents for green,
which would make no small sum in the aggregate,
as any member can estimate when he finds how
many were ordered by the House. If ten thousand
copies were ordered, and each copy to have forty
maps, and each map cost six cents, no less than
twenty-four thousand dollars would be claimed for
the item of coloring. This charge was anticipated
by the resolution I introduced prohibiting the pay-
ment for coloring of maps or charts except by
order of the House. Had not this resolution
been introduced and parsed, the maps con-
tracted to be furnished for twenty-nine cents might
have cost but little if any less than heretofore.
And I shall not be disappointed if a large sum
is paid for this job over and above the contract
price, so fruitful and ingenious are the leeches
about this Capitol to invent and search out means
by which to fasten themselves to the treasury to ob-
tain its vital contents.
The committee who have had this business
under consideration, after much deliberation, con-
cluded that though the resolution creating them
seemed to confine their attention to frauds and
collusions, yet to follow out the various chan-
nels with all the forms and technicalities of a
tribunal to decide on the reputation of individuals
would occupy too much time, incur a large
amount of expense, and be likely to postpone
the decision of the matter to so late a day
as to render abortive their efforts to correct
the glaring abuses which it was their object to
accomplish. And with these views, they all agreed
upon the report and resolution under consideration.
It must be obvious, that to fasten fraud on a man, or
collusion on men, is generally a difficult task; and if
the grand object of reform can be accomplished
without it, they considered that their labors would
not be in -vain. Mr. S. said he held in his hand the
testimony taken before the committee, and he would
present an abstract of it to the House, that members
migh: draw their own inferences. He would pre-
mise, however, that this testimony, except that of
one individual, is from residents m this city, and
from persons in whom can be placed entire reliance.
Several testify to all the facts set forth in this report,
and fully sustain the comments which he should
make. The committee had to obtain their informa-
tion from those acquainted with the material*, find
m taking the testimony from persons in this city, it
cannot reasonably be supposed that the work and
labor of artists would be undervalued, but that the
contraiy might be the case. It is not usual for men
