CONGRESS!©!^
North have the same supreme uncontrolled power to,
be exempt from the expense, the disgrace, and the
moral turpitude of slavery, as you of the South have
to retain slavery. You of the South have one view
of slavery, and we of, the .North another. You
think it right,'proper, and just; we of the North
entertain a different view. We dislike the
institution; 'we hold it in execration. No
northern man could have been brought to con-
sent to the formation of the Union, and it conse-
quently never could have been formed, if, by its
Operation, the North would have been bound to sup-
port slavery.
There is one particular (and I will refer to it now)
in which the constitution empowered the federal
government to act in reference to slavery; and that
is, in reference to the recapture of fugitive slaves, or,
rather, the surrendering them to their masters, who
chose to pursue their slaves into the free States.
Without this, we all know, if a slave had set his
foot upon the soil of a free State, either, as a fugitive,
or by his master's consent, that moment he was a
free man.
I will not argue upon this point: the principle is
recognised by every court in Great Britain, and was
so by every court in the Union. And it was to
remedy this defect that the South insisted on the
right of the recapture of their fugitive slaves, when-
ever they should escape. And, as T am upon this
point, I will go a little further into its history. An
amendment was introduced by the member from
South Carolina, that fugitive slaves should be ap-
prehended as fugitives from justice; but, as it is well
known, that was rejected, without a dissenting voice.
It was refused, lest the North should be involved in
the expense of apprehending and retaining fugitive
slaves. So cautious were the people about inter-
fering between slaves and their masters.
Now, if gentlemen are prepared to go with me
thus far, I say to southern gentlemen that, in all
my future remarks upon this subject, this is the ba-
sis of my position—that the government should not
involve us in the turpitude, expense, and disgrace of
slavery. I am not for invading any man's rights;
nor are the abolitionists of the North disposed to in-
vade the rights of any. There is, on the part of all
the people of the North, a moral influence against
the institution of slavery: but I am speaking of the
political power of this government; and I say no
abolitionist ever asked this Housc#to interfere with
the rights of any portion of the people of this
Union.
I will now make an exception to the rule which
I have laid down, for I have been speaking of the in-
stitution as it exists in time of peace; but in case of
war, when the existence of this nation is threatened,
when war is raging with all its horrors and its
dangers, and consequences, this is a case beyond the
constitution and the law, when men are driven to
the first law of nature—the law of self-preservation—
to defend their lives at any sacrifice of interest which
may he necessary. We have the example of Gen.
Jackson, who abolished slavery at New Orleans; we
have the example of Gen. Gaines, and, T believe, of
Gen. Scott. When they found it necessary for the
public safety, they did not hesitate to take the slaves
from their masters. But I have no desire, neither
have I time, to go further into this part of the sub-
ject. Now, having fixed the rights of the several
'States, and having assumed, as the basis of my
position, that the federal government has no
power to infringe upon the rights of the people
of the North, and to involve them in the suppor)
of the institution of slavery, I will merely say,
that, almost from the very commencement of the
government, reiterated abuses of this kind have been
•enacted. The government was involved 111 pe-
cuniary expenses, and to an amount which could
snot fall to uston^h the people of this country, if
they couM be put m possession of the whole of the
facts.
The power and influences of tins government, and
£iie power and influences of the executive, had been
exerted in suppoit of slavery; and here he would
say to the gentlemen of the South, that they of the
North had a common interest in this government,
as much as the Soufli had, and that the government
had no right to take the money of the North, and
prostitute its powers by expending it in support of
the odious and detestable institution of slavery.
Gentlemen of the South must pardon him when he
spoke in this way: for if they spoke m such harsh terms
of abolition, he, who detested slavery as much as they
did abolition, had an equal right to speak«harshly
of it. Sir, (said Mr, G.) tins government is our
govermnent as well as yours; and you have no right
to degrade it by making, it an abetter of slave deal-
ers and slave trading; nor shall you lay your hand
on the influences of the North, to aid in the support
of a commerce which we regard as detestable,' and
hold in the utmost abhorrence. You have no right
to compel us to support a commerce which you
have declared to be piracy, if carried on in certain
longitudes, and which a man would, if caught therein,
be hanged for. We hold this trade in utter abhor-
rence wherever it is carried on, and consider it as
detestable on our own coasts, as on the coast of Af-
rica. Mr. G. here referred to several instances in
which he averred that slavery was upheld by the
government of the. United States. He might, he
said, cite numerous instances in which the army and
navy had been employed in capturing and
bringing back into bondage the panting fugitive,
who was sighing for that liberty for which our
fathers fought and bled.
He would now ask the attention of the House to
one class of abolition petitions which were excluded
by the rule. These petitions asked that the abuses
to which he had referred might cease forever, and
that they might no longer be involved in the moral
guilt and turpitude connected with them. Will gen-
tlemen from the South (said Mr. G.) stand up and
say that we of the North are bound to step forward
and imbrue our hands in blood, in order that this
institution of slavery shall be sustained? If they
will, it is time that the people of the North knew it,
and it is their duty to speak out plainly and tell the
people of the North what is required at their hands.
He tendered to gentlemen of the South this dis-
tinct issue; ancMie asked them to meet it, or to dodge
it, he cared not which. He asked them if they con-
tended that this government should involve the peo-
ple of the North in the disgrace and guilt of slavery.
We do not (said Mr. G.) seek to interfere with thein-
stitutions of the South within the limits of their States;
but we deny that they have the right to carry these
institutions beyond their limits, and compel the peo-
ple of other States to sustain them.
The next point to which he wished to call the at-
tention of the House was another class of petitions,
praying for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia; and others asking the repeal of the
laws which sustain slavery here; and by this means,
relieve the people of the North from the moral
responsibility which rests on them, in consequence
of the continuance of slavery here. On this point,
Mr. G. argued, that as slavery was altogether a con-
sequence of municipal regulation, it could not
have existed here for one moment, after the assump-
tion of jurisdiction by Congress over the District,
but for the act declaring all the laws of Maryland
and Virginia, which were in existence at the time
of the cession, to be still in force. Among the laws
thus existing at the time of the cession, and re-
enacted by Congress, were those establishing
slavery; and as the act of Congress was passed
by Northern, as well as Southern representatives it
followed that slavery existed in virtue of an act of
Congress, and that the continuance of that act
was a moral reproach to the North, as well as to
the South.
Mr. G., in support of tins position, referred to the
deeds of cession from Virginia and Maryland, and
to the laws of those States, in relation to negro
slavery.
Mr. RAYNER asked if the gentleman from Ohio
would allow him to ask him one question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly.
Mr. RAYNER. The gentleman soys that slavery
is a consequence of municipal legislation; now I ask
him if he believes in the decalogue.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do; but I would not, if it
sanctioned slavery.
Mr. RAYNER. The tenth commandment says,
thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's man servant,
nor his maid servant. What does the gentleman un-
derstand by that?
Mi. GIDDINGS. I have servants—hired ser-
vants; I hope the gentleman does not covet theni;
and God forbid that I should covpt his slaves.
Mr. G. contended that slavery in tins District was
the consequence of municipal regulation, and was
sustained only by tljje power of the government.
Withdraw that power, (said he,) and slavery will
be immediately abolished; for it it was only by the
power of the government that the master had the
right to subject his slave to his own will.
Another class of petitions to which he wanted to
call the attention of the House, was that _ declaring
that slavery existed in tins District m virtue of a
law of Congress, and that this law wa<3 Suatatri .
the representatives of the people ofthe Nbrth,Jaa :
well as those of the South, toaiaslriftlj'Jor id iSop
ishment on the ground, that the' North wasreq ""
involved in the guilt of continuing it, here.; "
subject he would say, that ^ Congress, in a
'jurisdiction over this District, had no right to coii- ■
tinue the existence of slavery in it; though, not hav-
ing time to argue that question, he wouldpass it over.
This much, however, they would say; that when
this District came into the possession of Congress,
it Came as a blank sheet, on which could be inscribed
the dark record of slavery, or the glorious procla-
mation of universal freedom. Mr: G. then referred
to the slave trade carried on inthis District, from the-
sin of which, he said, his constituents desire to be
relieved; but at this stage of his remarks, he was in-
terrupted by
Mr. WINTHROP, who introduced his colleague,
Mr. Rockwell, lately elected a member of the
House from the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. ROCKWELL then presented himself at fhe
Speaker's table, and the oath to support the consti-
tution of the United States was adimnii&ered to him.
The SPEAKER then declared that the morning
hour had expired; when
Mr. HAMMETT next obtained the floor; but he
gave way to
Mr. SLIDELL, who called the Speaker's atten-
tion to a communication which had been received
from the Senate.
THE DEATH OF SENATOR PORTER.
The Speaker directed the Clerk to read the com-
munication from the Senate in relation to the death
of Senator Porter; and it was read accordingly.
Mr. SLIDELL then rose, and spoke as follows:
Mr. Speaker : The message which we have just
received, communicating the intelligence of the
death of a senator of Louisiana, devolves upon me,
as one of the representatives of that State, in con-
formity with an established and salutary usage, the
duty of making some brief observations on the
character and history of the deceased. $ It would,
perhaps, be sufficient to say that Alexander Por-
ter had twice been chosen to discharge the august
functions of representing the sovereignty of one of
the States of this great confederacy. Constituted
as the Senate of the United States has heretofore
always been, (and as I trust it ever will be,) of the
men most distinguished throughout the Union for
intelligence, virtue, and patriotism, this fact alone
affords his most emphatic eulogium. But in that
body, among the very elite of the nation—the intel-
lectual giants of the land—Alexander Porter oc-
cupied a conspicuous place. He offered a striking
illustration of the happy working of our free insti-
tutions, for he had attained this proud eminence un-
aided by any adventitious advantages of fortune,
connexion, or education. He was the son of an Irish
clergyman, who died upon the scaffold, a martyr
in the cause of liberty, in that memorable struggle
which, ending unsuccessfully, has been stigmatized
as a rebellion; but which, had it resulted differently,
would have been recognised as a glorious revolution
■—for all revolutions are but fortunate rebellions.
The orphan child was brought to the United States
by an uncle, at a very tender age. He received in
Tennessee such an education as could then be ob-
tained at a common country school; and while at-
tending during the day to the business of a village
shop," he acquired at night, ill the hours devoted by
others to amusement or to sleep, such simple rudi-
ments of law as he could glean from a few elemen-
tary books loaned to him by those who felt an in-
terest m the young student. Willi this scanty out-
fit of learning, he, soon after arriung at manhood, '
about the year 1809, emigrated to Louisiana, and es-
tablished himself in the practice of law, in the west-
ern part of the State. The best evidence of the ra-
pidity with which he established himself in popular
favor and consideration in a land of strangers, was
his election in 1811, as a member of the contention
for framing the constitution of the State. He
soon attained distinction in Ins profession; and af-
ter some years of arduous and well-recompensed de-
votion to its practice, he accepted u seat on the bcnch
ofthe supreme court of Louisanp, the reported de-
cisions of which, during his fifteen years'_ service,
attest the industry and ability which be brought to
the discharge of his judicial duties—duties requir-
ing, from the peculiar character of our jurisprudence,
a greater range of legal studies than in any of our
sister States. He was intimately acquainted with
