GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RITES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1844.
Volume 13..,.No 15.
[Continued from No. 14.]
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. John-
son, Daniel F. King, Mcllvaine, Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Patterson, Elisha R. Potter, Kayner, Charles M. Reed,
Rockwell, Rogers, Schencli, Severance, Caleb B. Smith,
Stephens, Tilden, Tyler, Yance. Winthrop, and Woodward
-^0.
THIRD READING OF ENGROSSED BILLS.
•The bill for the relief of John McLaughlin was
read a third time and passed.
A bill to authorize the location of certain lands,
occupied by branch pilots in Louisiana, was read a
third time.
Mr. POTTER, chairman of the select committee
which reported the bill, moved that it be recommit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole House; which
was carried.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a commu-
nication from the State Department, in answer to a
resolution of this House, communicating the reas-
ons why the Biennial Register had not yet been
transmitted to the House for distribution.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the communication
be laid on the table, and be printed.
Mr. THOMASSON asked for a division of the
question. He thought there was no necessity for
printing.
Mr. HOPKINS said the reason why he thought
the communication should be printed, was, that the
call upon the department had been printed, and that
call inferred some degree of imputation upon the
department. He desired, therefore, that the reasons
assigned by the department should be printed.
Mr. THOMASSON withdrew his objection to
the printing; but desired that the Clerk should read
the communication; and it was read accordingly.
The communication was then laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following executive communication:
HARBOR ON LAKE ONTARIO.
A letter from the War Department, transmitting
a report of the plan and estimates for constructing a
harbor at the mouth of Sandy creek, upon Lake
Ontario, in the State of New York: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. BLACKWELL, the petition
of N. G. Frazier and. others, volunteers, praying re-
muneration for forage for horses, per diem pay, &c.,
was taken from the files, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Also, the petition of Jas. S. Hall for a pension:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also, the petition of Wm. Kerr: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion by Mr. VANCE, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Gilmer
of Virginia in the chair,) for the purpose of acting
on private bills.
UNITED STATES SCHOONER GRAMPUS.
The CHAIR announced that the first business
before the committee was the bill for the relief of
the widows and orphans of the officers, seamen and
marines of the United States schooner Grampus,
and that the amendment pending when the bill was
last up, was that offered by Mr. Belser, to strike
out that part of the bill which provides a gratuity of
six months' pay to the relatives over and above the
pay actually due at the time of the loss of the ves-
sel. ,
Mr. BELSER, after a few preliminary remarks,
said that he was one of those who believed that
they had no right whatever to appropriate the pub-
lic money in this way. He differed with the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who took the
ground that when a man entered into the naval ser-
vice of his country, a contract was formed with
the government that his widow and orphans should
be provided for.
fie contended, on the contrary, that there was no
such contract, and that when a man entered into the
naval service, he did so with reference to the dan-
gers of the service; and that he had no right to ex-
pect any other reward than the pay he contracted
for. He wished to know why the relatives of those
who were lost in the Grampus had more claim to
the bounty of Congress than the widows and or-
phans of those who fell in battle in Florida, or
caught the seeds of disease there of which they
afterwards died. He referred to the gallant Ten-
nessee and Alabama volunteers, so many of whom
were lost in that service, and particularly cited the
case of two companies of Alabama volunteers,
who were massacred almost to a man. Were the
relatives of these men entitled to no more sympathy
and favor than those of the officers and soldiers of
the Grampus, because they fell on the land, instead
of being lost at sea? If the bill was to be passed on
the principles of justice, did not justice as well
apply to those who died in the service of their
country or land as at sea' Such a bill as this
never could be passed in any of the State legis-
latures where the money to provide for it being col-
lected by direct levies, the people would see and
know for what purpose they were taxed. It was in
consequence only of indirect taxation that such ap-
propriations could be made. He was not unfriendly
to the navy, and he would tell gentlemen that if they
wished it to be kept up, they must not ask for ap-
propriations like this. He was as charitably dis-
posed as any one on that floor, and as ready to con-
tribute to the relief of the sufferers out of his private
pocket; but there was a stern principle of justice that
governed Him, and under which he could not con-
sent to distribute the people's money for unathorized
purposes. One of bis greatest objections to this bill
was that the money appropriated by it must be
raised by taxation, and if it was passed, it would be
taking the bread out of the mouths of all the indi-
gent widows and orphans in the country, to give it
to widows and orphans of a more favored class.
This he looked upon as a species of legalized agra-
rianism, and agrarianism of the worst kind. To
illustrate the great injustice of bestowing bounties
on one class, while others were oppressed by the
severest taxation, Mr. B. cited the case of a poor
widow, who was lately frozen to death, almost in
sight of the Capitol, for the want of a blanket to
protect her from the inclemency of the weather; and
which, in consequence of the high price which the
system of protection put on the article, she was
unable to procure. The gentleman from Florida
[Mr. Levy] the other day attempted to get in an
appropriation for the widows and orphans of the
officeMMnd seamen of the Sea Gull, whose claims,
he dHFlverc as strong as those provided for in the
bill before the House. Suppose the gentleman suc-
ceeded, and suppose other gentlemen succeeded in
getting appropriations for the widows and orphans of
those who fell in Florida, and of those killed in the
the Dade massacre: where was it to end? There
would be no end but in the discretion of Congress,
and an amount of expense would be incurred that
would exhaust the treasury. He wished to avoid
all unnecessary and unauthorized expenditure of
the people's money; to levy no more taxes than
would be sufficient for an economical administra-
tion of the government, and for the government to
be just before it was generous; and these were the
reasons which induced him to offer his amendment.
Mr. ATKINSON observed that he had listened
very attentively to the objections which gentlemen
had been pleased to urge against the bill under con-
sideration. He had attended most closely to the
remarks of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Bel-
ser,] because he stood on this floor professing to
be governed by as strict principles of economy as
that gentleman or any other 011 the floor. He was
the representative of a people economical in their
private affairs; and who always evinced their admi-
ration for those public seivants who had gone for an
economical administration both of the Federal and
State governments. But this people, though eco-
nomical, were just and generous; and he acted in ac-
cordance to their views when he gave his support to
this bill.
With a view to inform himself on the subject,
and feeling a deep interest in the widows and or-
phans of the officers and seamen of the ill-fated
Grampus, he had examined the proceedings of Con-
gress from the time when Mr. Jefferson came into
office up to the present time, for the purpose of as-
certaining if this was the only case of the tand;
and he found that, in cases not one-half as strong as
this, Congress had made appropriations for theVid-
ows and orphans df those lost in their country's
naval service. Mr. A. did not regard this case as
one of bounty, or of charity, as other gentlemen did;
but he looked upon it as one of strict justice, found-
ed on contract—as a debt justly due £0 the heirs of
those who have gone down into the briny deep. To
prove this, he would call the attention of the House
to the various acts of Congress that had been passed
for the benefit of those who have served their coiui- ,
try in the navy. Here Mr. A. read from, the public;
documents a list of the acts giving rewards to naval
officers, and providing for the widows and orphana
of such as have fallen in the service, for the purpose
of showing that those who enter into the navy do
so under the implied contract that their services will
be properly considered by the government, and that
their widows snd orphans will be provided for,
should they be lost in the service.
Mr. HALE replied, and asked the House to look
at the condition and circumstances of the mountain-
eers of New Hampshire, and the citizens of the Uni-
ted States in other parts of the Union, who paid for
the splendor of the cabins of the ships of war. He
opposed the system pursued, and denounced it as a
wasteful expenditure of the means of a people, many
of whom were living in humble stations, in submis-
sion to many privations.
Mr. MORRIS spoke in opposition to the amend-
ment. He would make retrenchment where re-
trenchment was necessary, in order to bring the ex-
penditures to a proper economical standard; but he
desired first of all,.that gentlemen who were sC eager
for reform in the navy would bring forward soi.;e
specific charge of abuse. Gentlemen must recollect
that that important arm of the service of the coun-
try was not quite so easy in its discipline, so luxu-
rious in its comforts and enjoyments, and so munif-
icent in its rewards as had been represented by some.
No, the discipline was an iron discipline; the duties
were most arduous; and the officers and sailors
of that service were deserving of rewards not only
in their own persons, but in the persons of their
surviving relatives. There was 110 navy in the
world, the officers and seamen of which practised
so much self-denial as the American navy; nor was
there any navy better calculated to render imme-
diate and efficient service. He hoped the bill would
pass.
Mr. HOPKINS appealed to gentlemen to defer
the discussion as to the general merits and demerits
of the navy, until the subject should come up upon
a bill of a more general nature.
Mr. HOLMES urged the passage of the bill and
the rejection of the amendment.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
PARMENTER, BARNARD, J. R. INGERSOLL,
McDOWELL, and SMITH, of Illinois, when the
question was taken on the pending amendment;
which, being rejected, the bill was laid aside; and
The committee proceeded to the consideration of,
and passed on, the following- bills, viz: a bill for the
relief of Jane McGuire; abill for the relief ofJoseph
Kimball; a bill for the relief of Isaac Flummcr; a
bill for the relief of Jonathan Bean.
The bills acted upon in Committee of the Whole
were reported to the House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON renewed the motion
made in committee to strike out the woids which
provided for the payment of certain sums to the re-
latives of the persons lost in the Grampus, so as
to prevent the payment to "brothers and sisters."
The yeas and nays were called for and ordeied;
and, being taken, resulted as follows—yeas 85, nays
81.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRICK moved to insert the following words:
"Or the minor brothers and sisters, provided such
minors be orphans."
Mr. SCHENCK observed that, in a previous
part of the bill, the words "if there be no parents"
were used; it was unnecessary, therefore, to add, in
this amendment, "provided such minors be or-
phains."
Mr. FRICK thereupon amended h;a proposition.
