226
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the House ad-
journ; which motion prevailed.
And the House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF: Three me-
morials from citizens of Florence, Vermillion, and
Birmingham counties, Ohio, praying an appropria-
tion for the completion of Vermillion harbor, on
Lake Erie.
By Mr. CLINTON: The petition of Stephen T.
Callahan and others, citizens of Orange county, New
York, praying a reduction of postage, and a restric-
tion of the franking privilege
By Mr. A. H. READ: 1 he petition of sundry citi-
zens of Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for a
reduction of postage. Also, a petition of citizens of
Bradford county, praying for a new mail route along
the south side of the Chemung river, from Athens,
Pennsylvania, to Elmira, New York: both referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of Benjamin
Jarrard, of Suffolk county, New York, for a pension.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Robert Nickols, for
the same object.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The petition of William F.
Pain and thirty-nine others, citizens of Illinois,
praying a grant of lands in the Wabash valley, for
the improvement of the great Wabash river, from
Terre Haute to the Ohio river: referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals. Also, the petition of
"VVilliam Munn and forty-eight others, citizens of
Illinois, praying a grant of lands for the improve-
ment of the Wabash river, from Tcrrc Haute to the
Ohio river: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: A memorial of ship
masters and ship owners, asking Congress to make
compensation to Robert Huguenin, for a chart of
Lake Erie; and to provide for extending the said
chart: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of the town of Her-
mon, New York, to abolish the franking privilege,
und reduce the rates of postage.
By Mr. DUNLAP: A petition of merchants of
Portland, Maine, praying for a drawback upon do-
mestic spirits distilled from foreign materials and
exported: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
-By Mr. PRATT: The petition of Mildad Butler,
for a pension for services in the revolutionary war.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 5, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tern. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting abstracts of the latest returns of the mi-
litia of all the States and Territories, with their
arms, accoutrements, and ammunition, made to that
department under the requirements of the law pro-
viding for the national defence by the establishment
of a unifonn militia system throughout the United
States; which, on motion by Mr. EVANS, was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the War Department, transmitting; annual
statements of appropriations for the War Depart-
ment, for the service of the year 1843, showing bal-
ances of appropriation to the 1st of January, 1843,
the appropriations made in 1843, the repayments
and transfcrsin 1843, &c., and the balance applica-
ble to the surplus fund; which, on motion by Mr.
EVANS, was oidered to lie on the table, and be
piinted.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from Peter
Amie, of New Bedford, a seaman in the naval sei-
vicc, asking for a pension: referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval AiFairs.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from sundry
commissioned and worranf officers cm board the
United States ship Vincennes, at Boston, praying
that the office of professor of mathematics may be
abolished in the navy, am! that naval schools of in-
struction be established in its stead: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
John Tucker, president of the Plnladelphia and Read-
ing Railroad company, and other presidents of sun-
dry railroad companies, and individual citizens, urg-
ing the restoration of the law admitting raj road
iron free of duty: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance,
A!i>o, presented four memorials from citizens pf
Pennsylvania, asking that an alteration may be
made m the law regulating the issuing of coasting
licenses, so as to exempt canal boats from its oper-
ation: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial from a number of citizens of
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, asking a reduction in
the rates of postage: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from Asa
Clapp and other merchants of the city of Portland,
Maine, largely interested in the trade with Cuba
and other West India islands, asking that a draw-
back may be allowed on spirits exported, which
were distilled from foreign molasses: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WHITE presented joint resolutions of the
legislature of Indiana, asking Congress for an ap-
propriation of the unsold land in the Vincennes land
district, to complete the Wabash and Erie canal to
the Ohio river: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented joint resolutions,
adopted by the legislature of Indiana, in relation to
the Oregon Territory. Mr. H. said that those reso-
lutions expressed the feelings of that body in a most
decided form, in touching that question. He was
happy to say to the Senate (as he had been assured)
that they were passed with singular unanimity; that
there was not a dissenting vote in either House. At
the present time, he (Mr. H.) would not trouble the
Senate with any remarks; but would, when the bill
upon the subject came up, take an opportunity of
addressing the Senate. He moved that the resolu-
tions be read, and printed. They were read as fol-
lows:
Whereas the district of country known as the
Territory of Oregon rightfully belongs to our na-
tional government; and whereas the Insatiate ava-
rice and grasping spirit of the British government
seems already directed to its subjugation and con-
version; and whereas the slightest infringement of
national right is a prelude to more highhanded and
audacious aggressions: therefore, be it
Resolved, That our senators in Congress be in-
structed, and our representatives be requested, to
use their proper instrumentality to provide for the
immediate occupation, organization, and defence of
the Oregon Territory—peaceably, if we can; forci-
bly, if we must.
Resolved, That the governor forward to each of
our senators and representatives in Congress a copy
of this preamble and resolution, immediately on its
passage.
Approved, Jan. 13, 1844.
They were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of the northwest land district of
Illinois, praying for a removal of the land office from
Dixon to Galena, in that State: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented a report of the Commit-
tee of Internal Improvement, and resolutions adopted
in the Illinois legislature in its session of 1842-'43,
on the subject of the Northern Cross Railroad, and
a resolution instructing the sfenatois, and requesting
the representatives from that State to urge the pas-
sage of a law granting to that State the alternate sec-
tions of land six milee on each side of said road, for
the purpose of completing it, extending from Spring-
field to the eastern line of the State: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was ordered, that
the petition of Aaron Payne of Putnam county,
Illinois, for arrearages of pension, be taken from the
files, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MERRICK gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a joint resolution
providing for the transfer to the State of Maryland
the stock held by the United Stales in the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal Company.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petition from
Reuben M. Gibbs, of Kent, in the county of Litch-
field, Connecticut, a soldier in the last war, praying
for arrears of pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. TAPPAN presented preamble and resolu-
tion, adopted by the legislature of Ohio, instruct-
ing the senators and requesting the representatives
from that State to vote for an appropriation for build-
ing a bridge over tire/Ohio at Wheeling.
Mr. T. remarked "that, the other day, the senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sturgeon] presented reso-
lutions instructing the senators and requesting the
representatives from that State to oppose an ap-
propriation for the purpose of building a bridge
across the Ohio a"t that place. From his (Mr. T.'s)
reading of those instructions, they were not peremp-
tory. He wished to call the attention of the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, to which those resolu-
tions were referred, (and to which he proposed to
refer these,) that they were only hypothetical.
They were not opposed to the making of a bridge,
if it could be done without incurring injury or ob-
struction to the navigation of that river; so there
was no conflict between Ohio and Pennsylvania, as
to the proposed work. Referred to the Committee on
Roads ana Canals.
Mr. T. also, presented a joint.resolution adopted
by the legislature of Ohio; which was lead, as fol-
lows:
Resolved by the General Assembly of the Stale of Ohio,
That as the Indian title to the lands in the county of
Crawford, formerly owned by the Wyandott In-
dians, has been secured by the general government;
and, by the fifth article of the treaty, it does not get
full possession of said lands until the 1st day of
April next; and, inasmuch as the Indians have all
left for their new homes in the West, and as all, or
nearly all of said Indian improvements are, at this
time, occupied by white settlers, by permission of
the former occupants, and that the present occu-
pants, generally, have seeded large quantities of
wheat and rye on said lands,—the Senate and House
of Representatives therefore recommend to our sen-
ators and representatives in Congress to use their
influence in procuring the passage of some law that
will protect the present occupants.
Mr, TAPPAN remarked that it was the under-
standing that the value of the improvements made
by the Wyandott tribe of Indians on their lands
should be ascertained by the United States govern-
ment, by persons appointed for that purpose, and
paid to them. Persons had been appointed as com-
missioners (and he was sorry to say it) who were
totally incompetent. They made an appraisement
so enormous that it was rejected by the Senate.
These Indians were now entitled to compensation
for their improvements. He hoped it would be
made to them. As the Senate had-rejected the ap-
praisement, it was the duty of the government to
cause a reappraisement. He therefore gave notice
that he would ask leave to introduce a bill for the
purpose, as the senators and representatives from
that State were requested to use their influence to
procure the passage of some law upon the subject.
He moved that the resolutions be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WHITE made some remarks expressing the
belief that the President had sufficientauthority, un-
der the law, to reappoint commissioners.
The resolutions were then referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition from Hiram O.
Read and others of Vanderburgh county, Indiana,
praying for the abolition of the franking privilege, a
reduction of postage on letters, and an equalization
of postage on printed matter: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial from a number of citizens of
said county in favor of a donation of the worthless
land in the Vincennes district, for the completion of
the Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio river: refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition of Abner E.
Van Ness.
Mr. WRIGHT presented additional documents
in support of the claim of John G. Tibbets, for
work done on the New York custom-house; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PORTER presented a preamble and joint
resolutions of the legislature of Michigan, request-
ing the senators and representatives m Congress
from that State to urge the passage of a law ma-
king a grant of land or other appropriation for the
construction of a road from Saginaw and Michili-
macinac and Sault Ste Marie: ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. ARCHER presented documents upon the
subject of the claims ofMiles King, assignee of the
Philadelphia United States bank; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from John
Pemberton Hutchms, of the city of Philadelphia,
asking payment for certain diplomatic services: re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from Jttrues
