Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
241
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Campbell.
H. of Reps.
and successive Houses of Representatives con-
tinue the uncompromising front presented by the
95th rule, they will, notwithstanding their lam-
entations for the fancied sufferings of others—not-
withstanding their pharasaical assumption of supe-
rior piety—ultimately abandon their schemes as un-
attainable through an American Congress, and we
and our successors be relieved from this exciting
subject—the most dangerous and portentous that
perhaps was ever agitated in the history of the
world. How favorably does the conduct of those
representatives from the non-slaveholding States,
who have, by their conduct, held out an assurance to
their fellow-citizens of the South, that, with their
consent, their constitutional rights shall not be en-
dangered on this floor,—contrast with the conduct of
those who, whether themselves affected by the abo-
lition fanaticism or not, persist in a course which
they know full well must produce discord between
the different sections of the Union, and encourage
the enemies of our institutions, at home and abroad,
to persevere in their efforts to sow the seed of dis-
sension among us. Should the parties continue to
be divided as they hitherto have been on this subject,
the South—the united South—cannot long doubt
with which it is her true interest to act; the friends
of the Union everywhere cannot long doubt in the
success of which there will be the greatest security
for its preservation.
The salutary effects of this rule are already appa-
rent. Under its influence, the number of abolition
petitions has so much decreased, that the attempt is
ow seldom made to present one, except by the gen-
lemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Adams'] and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] Ifl am told
that this appearance is delusive, and that the aboli-
tionists are increasing at the North, my answer is,
that the cloud may lower, but, if not allowed to
burst within these walls, it will lower in vain. The
philanthropists (as they are called) may, if they
choose, by their false representations of the sufferings
of the slave, lash each other's enthusiasm into fury;
but, if excluded from this hall, their fury will be im-
potent, and the country will continue to prosper
and flourish, as if it did not contain within its bosom
an enemy to its institutions.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Win-
thbop] has given us a glowing description of the
right of petition as illustrated by the practice of the
British House of Commons; but, as the rules to
which he has referred, and the practice under them,
tend to the overthrow of his position, and to the
support of mine, it would certainly be unreasonable
to complain of his laudations. I, at least, have no
disposition to share this honor with him; for, al-
though the English and most other European gov-
ernments, like their ancient feudal castles, when
viewed at a distance, may be objects of awe and ad-
miration to the lovers of romance,—upon a nearer
approach, they are found to be, in a great measure,
roofless, and uncomfortable to live in, affording but
little shelter from the pittiless storm, except to the
few whe occupy the privileged apartments.
The gentleman has been almost as unfortunate in
his illustrations as in the rales to which he has re-
ferred. He has spoken in terms of eulogy of an in-
dividual who, in the reign of Charles I, presented a
petition in person at the foot of the British throne;
and when asked "how he dared thus to presume,"
answered, "My name is Dare!" He has also told
us of a petition presented by fifteen thousand per-
sons, headed by the wife of a worthy brewer, upon
whose approach the doors of the House of Com-
mons werp thrown wide open for their receplion.
Is it possible, sir, that the gentleman ca i have
presented these cases, and particularly the last, as
worthy the imitation of the American people! This
was certainly not the exercise of the right of petition,
but of the right of insurrection. It was one of the
numerous forebodings of that revolution which
shortly afterwards desolated the British islands;
which, after having brought one British monarch to
the block, and driven another fiom his throne, was
never finally terminated until the battle of Culloden,
fought about a century afterwards, between the
English army, commanded by the Duke of Cum-
berland, in support of the housp of Hanover, and
the Scottish clans, led on by their respective chief-
tains, and aided by a few of the Lowland and
English gentry, in support of the claims of the de-
posed and exiled race of their ancient kings.
A right to present petitions in person cannot exist
in any representative government consistently with
its preservation. The exercise of such a right al-
ways lias been, and always will be, followed by
(16)
civil convulsion. It is the same right that was sub-
sequently claimed and exercised by the mobs of
Paris, when multitudes, indiscriminately composed
of all sexes and conditions, borne upon the billows
of popular insurrection, presented their petitions in
person at the Tuilleries, or filed by thousands
through the halls of those remarkable assemblies,
first known as the constituent, subsequently as the
legislative assembly, and afterwards as the con-
vention—in each of which there was so much virtue,
learning, disinterested love of liberty, of country,
and of mankind, on the one hand; contrasted with so
much sefish ambition, and so many bloody designs
on the other—that it is difficult, even at this distance
of time, when the passions of the day have subsided,
to determine which predominated.
[Mr. Campbell here read several extracts from
Thiers's history of the "French Revolution," present-
ing an appalling picture of the dreadfulconsequences
that had been attendant on the personal presentation
of petitions by the people; and, among other exam-
ples, he referred to one, when, on tile repeated de-
mand of misguided mobs, upwards of twenty of the
most distinguished deputies of France were arrested
in the discharge of their legislative duties, and, after a
short imprisonment, consigned to the revolutionary
tribunal and the guillotine.]
Under this blow, (said Mr. C.,) which cut off
their leaders, fell forever the party of the Gironde—
a party as much distinguished for its learning, vir-
tue, and eloquence, as perhaps any party that, in
any age of the world, has ever graced a legislative
hall. The more violent factions, now having undis-
puted control, drove on the car of the revolution
from one scene of terror to another, until the peo-
ple of France, victorious over the foreign enemy
everywhere, gave up all the hopes of republican
liberty for which they had endured so much, and
were compelled to seek a refuge from insufferable
domestic tyranny, under the iron sway of a military
despotism.
Another gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hudson] has endeavored to illustrate his view of
the right of petition by assimilating it to the exer-
cise of the right of debate. The right of petition
and the right of debate are not analogous. Debate
is essential to the existence of a legislative body;
petition is not. But I will, nevertheless, take the
gentleman on his own ground, and will answer his
argument by referring to his opinions, hereto-
fore solemnly expressed by his votes. The gentle-
man, with many of his party, voted for the hour
rule. This rule limits a speech to one hour, and
thus limits and controls the right of debate. Now,
if we have the right to limit the remarks of a mem-
ber to an hour, we have the right to ■ limit them to
fifteen minutes—to five minutes—to one minute. Ac-
knowledge the right to limit at all—overcome the
principle, and the question of time is a question of
discretion merely, for the proper and faithful exer-
cise of which we are responsible only to our con-
sciences and our constituents. The gentleman has
gone much further than this in relation to debate;
and so have I, and so hnve you, Mr. Speaker.
Whenever the House has sustained the previous
question on the first presentation of a proposition,
the right to debate it at all has been peremptorily de-
nied and refused.
So much for the right of debate. Let us see if
the gentleman is not equally vulnerable upon the
subject of petitions.
Both the gentlemen from Massachusetts, and the
gentleman from Ohio, who have spoken on this sub-
ject, and, indeed, every whig member of the tast
House of Representatives who was present, except
one, voted for the comprehensive rule of the extra
session of the last Congress, to which I again find
it convenient to refer, and by which not only aboli-
tion petitions, but petitions on a great variety of
other subjects, were prohibited to be received.
[Mr. "VVixTHRor (Mr. C. yielding the floor) ex-
plained that, in regard to what Mr. C. termed the
comprehensive rule of the first session of the last
Congress, it was the only case in which his name
had been recorded against receiving a single petition,
or any number of petitions; and that he regarded
this precisely like that rule, which precluded the
House from receiving petitions, except on every al-
ternate. Monday. We had the right, in order to ac-
commodate and expedite business, to adopt such a
course.]
Mr. C. resumed. 1 accept the gentleman's expla-
nation, and thank him for his admission. But why
does he not, as a man of candor, extend to the rule
under consideration the same construction that he
does to this monster, mammoth, whig bantling?
Certainly, sir, the whole includes all its parts, m
politics as well as in logic. And what right, let me
ask, has this House to adopt a rale for one session
that it has not to adopt it for another? Is the con-
stitution a weathercock? Did it mean one thing, in
relation to the right of petition, at the first - session
of the 27th, and a different thing at the first session
of the 28th Congress? It appears to me that, when
the passions of the day shall have passed away,
cool posterity must be astonished at the glaring in-
consistency between the opinions of gentlemen, as
solemnly expressed by their votes at the time refer-
red to, and the opinions which they now express in
argument. May not those who have not the honor
of their acquaintance be tempted to believe that- the
true ground of their objection is, not that the 25th
rule is a violation of the constitutional right of peti-
tion, but that by it this hall has been prevented from
being converted into an auxiliary abolition society?
This suspicion, if entertained, would not be much
mitigated from the known opinions .of the gentle-
man from Ohio; nor from the consideration that the
gentlemen from Massachusetts represent, in naify a
State, the legislature of which has recently adopted
resolutions connected with the subject, and sent
them on here, the accomplishment of which would
be, (as every man of ordinary intelligence must
know,) ipso facto, a dissolution of the Union.
It has been represented in this debate that those
who have preceded me in defence of the 25th rule
have been guilty of the absurdity of contending that
one House of Congress may, by rule, violate the
constitution with impunity, when both Houses
combined, with the sanction of the President, can-
not do so by law. Such a position would be too
weak and contemptible either for assault or defence.
No such position has, however, been taken. On
the contrary, the friends of the rule have uniformily
contended thatit is m all respects constitutional.
What is the right of petition as guarantied by
the constitution to the people of this country? I
have already shown that it is not the right to pre-
sent them in person; and the right to urge them
further than presentation, through their immediate
representatives, is equally untenable, and would be
equally destructive of the independence of the legis-
lative body. Admit the existence of such a right,
and the day is not distant when this hall will be
stormed by infuriated mobs, demanding, in emphatic
terms, the granting of their petitions. I will read
the only clause of the constitution which expressly
refers to the subject of petition. It is as follows:
"Congress shall make a* law respecting an es-
tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-
cise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or
of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to
assemble and to petition the government for a re-
dress of grievances."
Does the 25th rule amount to a rule or a law
which prohibits or interferes with "the right of the
people peaceably to assemble and to petition the
government for a redress of grievances?" If not, it
is no violation of the constitution; and that it is not
either an express or implied violation of that instru-
ment, in the opinions of those gentlemen who were
members of the last Congress, and who have op-
posed it in this debate, I have already shown by
their recorded votes in support of the comprehen-
sive rule of the 1st session of that Congress.
If the 25th rule does operate as a discouragement
to petitions for the objects prohibited by it, or for
any other unconstitutional object, it can be no pro-
hibition, or even restraint upon the excrcise, of any
constitutional right, unless the constitution contains
the absurdity of providing for its own violation, and
the immorality of holding out temptations to per-
jH1T- . .
It has already been demonstrated, that it is an
abuse of language to say that the incendiaries, and
agitators, anu disunionists of the non-slaveholding
States, who endeavor to propogate their disorgan-
izing doctrines here, are persons who "peaceably as-
semble to petition the government for a redress of
grievances. But this is not necessary to the argu-
ment. Our position is strong enough without it.
Nothing is plainer, than when the people "have
assembled and petitioned," and their petitions are
presented through their representatives, their consti-
tutional privilege has been fulfilled, and their right
of controlling them has terminated. When they are
presented here, our privilege commences, and we
have not only a constitutional, but a necessary in-
, herent right to dispose of them as in our judgment
is most expedient. Since the commencement of th^
