212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGltESslOfrAL GLOBfi.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Jlboliiion Petitions—Mr. Campbell.
H. of Reps.
present session, we have refused, in numerous in-
stances, by large majorities, upon seperate votes, to
. receive single positions upon different subjects, with-
out the question of constitutionality being raised;
and if we have a right thus to dispose of single peti-
tions, have we not an equal right, by rule, to dispose
of a class of petitions all relating to the same subject,
in the same manner? If there is any distinction,
except that, by the adoption of a'rule, we avoid un-
necessary delays, and facilitate the transaction of
business, I cannot perceive it. There is none in prin-
ciple. Again, nothing has been more common, from
the commencement of the government, than to lay
petitions on the table without permitting them to be
debated, read, or referred, or allowing a moment for
their consideration. There is not a gentleman who
has served a single session of Congress, that has not
voted to dispose of petitions in this manner. Where
is the man so absurd as to doubt the constitutionali-
ty of this course? and where is the hair-splitter who
can discover a difference, so far as the constitutional
right of the petitioner is concerned, between refusing
to receive, and refusing to consider his petition?
Gentlemen have admitted that there is none in sub-
stance, and one [Mr. Severance of Maine] has told
us that the people of the North are not such fools as
to be content with the reception of petitions, but that
they will demand action; and will never cease to agi-
tate while slavery exists in the District of Coluiiibia.
If so, and this government 'retains its present con-
nexion with the District, and their petitions are re-
ceived and acted upon, a fatal issue is made up be-
tween the different sections of'the country, which
cannot terminate but in a dissolution of the Union.
If we of the siaveholding States are entitled to enjoy
our property at ali, we are certainly (as has been
well said)"entitled to enjoy it in peace. And if this
government, which was intended for the benefit and
protection of all, is made the channel through which
our institutions are to be assailed, and the peace of
our firesides invaded by constant agitation, it is not
necessary for me to point out the course which self-
preservation will compel «s to adopt. Gentlemen
need not suppose that there will be division upon
this subject. Whenever the tocsin is sounded, a
common cause—a common danger, if you please—
will impel every citizen of the siaveholding States to
rally under a common standard. No citizen of the
South wiM then doubt his duty; and he who does not
endeavor to perform it will be a coward and a traitor.
But to discuss the rule as a mere question of busi-
ness, 1 maintain not only that it is constitutional,
but that we will be wanting in our constitutional
duty, if we do not continue it, or adopt one of a
similar character, equally efficacious. The right to
adopt rules for the regulation of their proceedings,
is not only inherent in every legislative body, but, so
far as this House is concerned, is expressly con-
ferred by the constitution. In exercising this right,
we will violate our constitutional obligations, we
will violate the confidence reposed in us by our con-
stituents, if we fail to adopt such rules as will pre-
vent the business of the session being perpetually
interfered with by subjects over which a large
majority admit that we have no constitutional jurisdic-
tion, and upon which all declare that they are deter-
mined not to legislate. Indeed, sir,so far from the 25th
rule being a violation of the right of petition, it is
conservative of that right. Every gentleman knows
that hundreds of worthy petitioners, having just and
substantia! claims upon the government, have for
years been knocking at our doors, and have not
been able to obtain a hearing, because our time has
been occupied on other subjects. Some have grown
gray, others have gone down to their graves in
poverty, while waiting upon our tardy justice.
Abolish the rule, and not only will this evil be
increased a thousand fold, but the sessions of Con-
gress be uselessly and unjustifiably protracted at a
heavy expense upon the people. It is more candid
even to the abolitionists themselves, to refuse to re-
ceive their petitions, than, by receiving them, to give
countenance to their applications, and to mislead
them into the belief that we will act upon them
when we are determined not to do so. '
This is a government, as all admit, of limited
poweis, created by the States, for purposes of oom-
mon defence and general welfare. None of em-
powers are original, they are all conferred upon us
by a w rittcn constitution} and we are guilty of some
thrng that very much resembles an attempt at sub-
ornation of perjury, when we entertain the Consid-
eration of subjects, in our legislative capacity, over
which we know that that instrument has conferred
upon us no jurisdiction; and that we have no con-
stitutional right to legislate upon these petitions,
either in the States, in the District of Columbia, or
in the Territory of Florida, I will now proceed to
demonstrate.
So far as the States are concerned, even the aboli-
tionists themselves admit that slavery is strictly a
domestic question, over which Congress has no
right to legislate. As relates to the District of Co-
lumbia, the constitution has certainly conferred up-
on us no more power to injure the property of an
individual in his slave, than in his horse or his farm.
But, finding no authority ^in the constitution, it
contended that this power has been conferred upon
Congress by the cession of "the exclusive right of
legislation over the District" from the legislatures
of Virginia and Maryland; and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] has attempted to
demonstrate the position, by supposing, Mr.
Speaker, that you Had sold him a farm, and that
the deed contained no condition. He says that,
notwithstanding what may have been your expecta-
tions or private intentions, there being no condition
in the deed, he would have the right to dispose of
the farm as he might think proper. Hence he in-
fers that, as the deeds of cession from the legisla-
tures of Maryland and Yirginia contain no reserva-
tion upon the subject of slavery in the District,
Congress may abolish it. Of all reasoning, that by
analogy is far from being the most certain; but the
case wauld have been more analogous, if, instead of
a fhrm, he had supposed that you had sold him a
house, situated in the centre of a large city. Would
the absence of an express prohibition in the deed
confer upon the gentleman the right to set this
house on fire, when, by so doing, he would endan-
ger the lives and property of all his neighbors'
The District of Columbia is a house, situated
in the centreof a larg e siaveholding city. At-
tempt to abolish slavery within its limits, and
you kindle up the fires of insurrection and insub-
ordination in the adjoining States, endangering
the lives and property of their inhabitants. But this
is not all; you could not transfer to the gentleman,
either in the case of the farm or of the house, any
right which you did not possess yourself; and, un-
less the legislatures of Maryland and Virginia pos-
sessed the right to abolish slavery within their limits,
at the time of the cession, they could not convey it
to Congress, even if they had desired to do so. This
puts the question in a new light; and shows that
the people of this District hold their slaves by a
tenure which can never be constitutionally broken
as long as they retain their present connexion with
this government—a tenure more inviolable than
that by which slaves are held in any of the States.
The position is this: a State legislature has no right
to abolish slavery within its limits unless that right
has been conferred upon it by the State constitution,
or by a subsequent convention of the people, act-
ing in their sovereign capacity. At the time of the
cession, the legislatures of Maryland and Virginia
did not possess the right to abolish slavery within
their respective limits; and not possessing it them-
selves, they could not confer it upon Congress. To
attempt to derive such a power from an expression
in a State constitution, "that private property shall
not be taken for public uses without compensation,"
is preposterous. And the circumstance that, in
some of the northern States, where, from their un-
profitableness, the number of slaves was very
limited, such a usurpation on the part of legislatures,
upon which no such power was expressly conferred,
may occasionally have been acquiesced in, does not
militate against the argument.
I have great respect for many of the opinions of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Duncan;] but his
position that, although Congress does not possess
the power to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia, a right to do so would be conferred by a
petition in which a majority of its citizens had
united, I regard as too utterly groundless for serious
notice. The united voice of the people of this Dis-
trict—the united voice of the people of this country,
cannot, short of revolution, confer upon Congress
a power which it does not possess, except through
an alteration of the constitution, in the manner pre-
scribed for its amendment.
As relates to the Territory of Florida, we are re-
strained not only by the same constitutional limita-
tions that we are in the District of Columbia, but we
are bound by express treaty stipulations with
Spain, for which I refer to the treaty of cession, to
be found in the first volume of "Elliott's American
Diplomatic Code;" and so far as there is obligation
in faith solemnlypledged, we are also bound by the
provisions of the Missouri compromise.
As relates to the domestic slave trade—the only
other branch of the subject—it is only necessary to
observe that, whatever power has been conferred
upon Congress over trade between the States and
Territories was to foster, extend, and encourage,
and not to limit, incommode, or destroy.
There are other reasons why it is our duty to
continue the rule; and among them, that well-known
principle, the observance of which is essential to the
preservation of the dignity of every legislative
body: "Petitions disrespectful in their language, or
insulting to the House or to any of its members,
should not be received." All abolition petitions are
disrespectful and insulting to every slaveholder, and
to every representative of a siaveholding community
on this floor. They are all founded upon the most
false and injurious assumptions. How can you
more effectually insult me than to insist upon re-
ceiving petitions that represent myself and my con-
stituents to be in the daily perpetration of "a crime
that must bring down the judgments of an angry
God upon the country?"
The clock admonishes me that my allotted hour
has almost expired, and I will be compelled to leave
many things unsaid which I desired to have sub-
mitted to the consideration of the House. During
the few minutes, however, that remain to me, I can-
not resist the temptation of paying my respects to
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man.]
That gentleman, a representative of southern in-
terests, has endeavored to persuade us to admit
abolition petitions. He believes that the 95th rule
is inexpedient, and that it should be abolished. I
have heard it said, that "it was time for a person to
review his position, when he is much praised by his
enemies," and it is certainly time for the gentleman
to doubt the correctness of his, when he finds that it
is advocated by every abolitionist on this floor.
Whenever the course recommended by the gentle-
man is adopted, abolitionists every where—the
enemies of our Union, foreign and domestic, will
have cause to sing "Io triumphe."
He believes if abolition petitions were received,
referred, reported upon, and debated, that their
errors would vanish before the light of reason, as the
mists of a murky atmosphere before the full-orbed
sun. Has the gentleman read history with so little
observation, as to listen for a moment to the voice
of this syren? As well might he attempt to control
the tempest by his mere volition, as, by reason, to
control the stolen of fanaticism. All history
proves that reason is no match for fanaticism.
Why, then, does he recommend to us a conciliatory
course? Does he not know that the spirit of aboli-
tion is abroad, and that, however it might appear
to recede for a moment, (which it would not,) like
the rising tide it would gain ground with every
successive wave, until by constant encroachments, it
would undermine the glorious fabric of our Union,
which, in its ruins, would involve all our hopes of
national glory, all our hopes of continued political
freedom
If I was confident that the reference of abolition
petitions would produce the most favorable report
for the South that can be imagined, I would be
found where I am at present. Such action on the
part of this House—no matter what might be the,
nature of the report—would produce excitement at
the South, and encourage the abolitionists to perse-
vere in their schemes. Such was the effect of the
celebrated report of the committee some years ago,
of which Mr. Pmckney of South Carolina wai
chairman, and such would be the effect row. 1 cnll
upon the gentleman to reflect well what he does.
This is a question, to us of the South, and to our
constituents, of self-preservation.
[Here the Speaker's hammer announced that the
hour had expired; and I was compelled, under the
rule of the House, to conclude. If time had permit-
ted, my remarks would have been considerably ex-
tended beyond what they were.]
TO MY CONSTITUENTS.
In a speech delivered by me in the House of Rep-
resentatives, near two years ago, in defence of the
21st rule, and in reply to remarks of an offensive
character in relation to the institution of slavery at
the South, I traced the African slave trade from its
commencement under the Portuguese government,
almost two hundred years before the first European
settlement in this country, to the present time. 1
showed not only that African slavery had existed in
