228
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
causes springing up in the interim. What—in the
time of Adam Smith max: have beeri admitted as
truth, experience since mayhave proved not well es-
tablished, Since then, what has been the history of
the world? Manufactures have improved, and steam,
the great agent, was then unknown; and so little
was thought of any benefit to be derived from man-
ufactures, that Adam Srtiith himself expressly re-
commended this country (then colonies) to make
agriculture their pursuit, and not to think of manu-
factures. The very article on which the honorable
Senator seems to set so much value, was not then
known as an article of pftduce; it is since that pe-
riod cottdn has become a staple of the country.
The views of Adam Smith were not entitled to the
fullest credit.
Mr. McDUFFIE said that Adam Smith's policy
was never questioned except in the United States.
Mr. EVANS believed it was questioned in
France and Germany; but, however, that was of lit-
tle consequence. Adam Smith, and all those wri-
ters on political economy, on whom the honorable
senator relied so much, were subject of Britain,
from whence we received their doctrines like their
fabrics—too much of both. Their doctrines were,
no doubt, very favorable to their own manufac-
tures, and just in proportion averse to the manu-
facturing interests of every other country. He
wU?^ a<^"ce °f such men as Franklin and
Washington far preferable to the doctrines or views
of Adam Smith.
Mr. McDUFFIE. Franklin is against you.
Mr. EVANS said he thought not. Franklin
told them to "go to manufactures and build them-
selves up a nation;" and General Washington gave
similar advice. Mr. E. then went on to show that
Mr. McDuffie was in error, in supposing him to
say ihat Congress could legislate poverty out of
the country. He said no such thing; but he said
that if there was any legislation 011 it, it should go
to provide suitable employment, affording reasona-
ble remuneration to those m want; and, by doing so,
add to the wealth, competency, and comfort of the
country. This the senator from South Carolina
said could not be done; that any 'such attempt
would be only transferring wealth from the pocket
of one to another; but if so, and that it went
to transfer the gold and silver of a foreign
country into our own. he, for one, could
see no objection to it. He then went on to review
the naval law^ of England, showing how, by its
protective policy, it raised that country in the
course of ISO years from being one of the most tri-
fling maritime powers, to the rank she now holds
among nations as mistress of the seas. That pro-
tective policy gave employment to countless tfiou-
(Kmils, and m the above space increased the tonnage
ot England from half a million to nearly four mil-
11011 tons burden. He further illustrated the ad-
vantages ot the protective system by entering into a
. history of the sugar trade in Louisiana; he argued
that it increased the riches of all concerned in it—11*1-
C'-eased commerce, built up navies, and was to the
honorable senator from South Carolina a direct
in nefit, inasmuch as it diminished the rivaiship 111
cotton. Again he would ask what injury railroads,
the fruits of protective legislation, did to any one.
The answer would be, none. On the contrary, the
country through which those roads passed became
benefited, farm produce increased m value, new
markets were opened, and the facilities for trans-
portation gave a stimulus to the producer, which re-
sulted in the doubling of his produce, and conse-
quently of his wealth.
As to the honorable senator's accusation of his
(Mr. Evans) having said that it was best to buy
dear and sell cheap, he wholly denied it. He never
advanced such a doctrine; he thought about this
buying cheap there was a great delusion; Iris idea of
buying cheap, was the obtaining the most of an-
other's industry for the least of his own. If the pro-
tective duties were or could be productive of the evils
laid to their charge, he maintained that the current
of trade would ruin an article free of duty, such as
linen, silks, &c.; but such was not the case. Sup-
pose, said (Mr. Evans,) two vessels freighted with
cotton, and despatched to Liverpool: arriving there,
their cargoes are sold; one returns, laden with dutia-
ble articles, the other with articles free of duty; both
are brought into market; will then the owner of the
dutiable articles be worse off by the amount paid for
duties than he who has imported articles wholly
"° means; one is as well off as the other;
Md li it were not so, the trade, as being most profit-'
! able, would at once be confined to articles free of
duty.
When he had, on a former occasion, stated-that
the usual effect of an increase of duties was not
alone to reduce prices here, but abroad, it was upon
general principles he grounded his argument, and
particularly in reference to articles commonly im-
ported; but it was evident this did not apply to ar-
ticles not required by us, or raised by foreign coun-
tries as articles of export to this country; such as
potatoes, grain, pork, beef, butter, <fcc. The price
of such articles could not be effected either here or
in foreign countries, by any duty we could impose,
because we have enough of these things for our
own consumption; and they are not looked
to by foreign countries as articles to be ex-
ported by them to this country. He (Mr Evans)
therefore maintained that the arguments of the
senator from South Carolina had not shaken his po-
sition, that duties on articles of general importation
reduced prices both here and at the place of foreign
manufacture. He referred to the doctrines of po-
litical economy in support of this position; and also
in support of another, namely, that a duty on im-
ports falls partly on the manufacturer of the article
taxed, and partly on the intermediate dealers, and
finally on the consumer, but not wholly on either.
Each has to pay a portion of the duty; the former
by a sacrifice of profits.
Then, with regard to the senator's astonish-
ment at the idea that, to exclude from com-
petition an additional supply, has the effect of
lowering prices, it was plain that, if the sub-
ject was fully investigated, it would turn out
that there was nothing strange in it at all; for,
the home manufacturers having security in the
market, would extend their business; more cap-
italists would go into it; a greater quantity would be
produced more skill brought into competition, and
the result must be lower prices. And besides all
this, cheapness did not depend on the mere nominal
money price, but 011 the exchangeable value. If the
price remained nominally the same, yet the con-
sumers were so much improved in their ability to
consume, by the protective system, they would find
what they had to buy in exchange for the products
'of their improved industry cheaper than when
they had less means to buy. As an instance,
he supposed a man had a bushel of wheat,
which he wanted to exchange for a shovel; and
he went to the importer of Birmingham shovels,
and asked him the price. The importer says
ninety cents. The farmer then goes to a merchant
who sells home-made shovels as good in every re-
spect, but asks §1 for his shovel. He returns to the
importer and says, I have not money, but I have a
bushel of wheat which I will exchange witWou.
The importer replies, I must have money f#my
shovel; but, if I am obliged to take your wheat in
exchange, all I can allow you for it is seventy-five
cents, and you will consequently have to pay me
fifteen cents 111 addition. The farmer does not ap-
prove ot this, and goes to the merchant who has
the home-made shovel. He tells him that he has
no objection to the price of the shove], if his bushel
ol wheat will be taken in exchange at the same
price, $1. Tile merchant at once agrees to the ex-
change. Now, is not the shovel cheaper to the*
farmer by fifteen cents, than that which nominally
was priced at only 90 cents instead of $1> This
went to show that it was the facility of exchange
and exchangeable value, that should be considered'
and not the nominal price. Mr. E. next went into'
a recapitulation of his former arguments with
regard to the idea that the exchange of exports for
imports was a mere exchange of our labor for so
much of the labor of another country. He main-
tained that, even by the admission of Adam Smith
this never could be an equal exchange, as it was
laid down 111 his book on political economy that a
country exchanging its raw productions for the
manufactured fabric, gave a large amount of home
labor in exchange for a very small proportion of
foreign labor. Hence he argued that it was always
a disadvantageous exchange for the exporting coun-
try. Mr. E. next touched on the supposed advan-
tages of dividing this country into three separate
confederations, as imagined by the senator from
South Carolina, to be most advantageous for their
respective productions—the southern and export-
ing States forming one confederation, the west-
ern and agricultural States the second, and
the northern and manufacturing States the third.
The senator had imagined this to be the
most natural division, because the industry of each 1
confederation would be homogeneous. Now, so far
from believing that the framers of the constitution,
or the convention at Annapolis, dreaded the diver-
sity of interests which must prevail in a confedera-
tion of States differing so much in climate, soil, and
indigenous productions, he (Mr. E.) could show,
from Mr. Madison's writings, (which he quoted,)
that they considered this very diversity the element
of harmony and bond of union, inasmuch as it ren-
dered the whole, as a nation, independent of other
nations, and created a dependency of interests
among the States one upon another. He considered
no country capable of sustaining itself when it liad
but one source of .industry; and referred to the ele-
ments of the prKperity of England as proof that
her diversity of interests had contributed to her
eminence. She had her manufacturing interests,
her marine interests, (the largest in the world,) and
her agricultural interests, paramount to fdl, to sus-
tain; and this she did by a judicious and timely pro-
tection of all. He argued that not one of the three
distinct confederations imagined by the senator from
South Carolina could, for any length of time, main-
tain itself on the strength of its isolated homoge-
neous interests.
In support of the doctrine of protection, he allu-
ded to the history of the navigation act passed in
England in 1650, at a time that Holland was the
chief commercial state of Europe, and the shipping
of England was inconsiderable and unable to keep
the seas against Holland. In forty years a change
came; the navigation of England, in consequence of
the protective act, ascending rapidly, and that of
Holland sinking; and so it continued till the foreign
commerce of Holland became extinguished, and that
of England progressed until it reached its present
pre-eminence.
With respect to the difference of profits on capi-
tal in the South and in the North, Mr. E. maintain-
ed that the senator from South Carolina did not
place the two sections on an equal footing in his
argument. For instance: when he attributed to
southern capital a profit or dividend of only 5 per
cent., he took as that capital not only the invest-
ment in lands, but that in slaves whose labor pro-
duced the cotton of the South. Now, if the labor of
the North be taken as part of the manufacturing
capitap, and the dividends struck in the same manner
as in the South; or, if the capital in labor, with re-
gard to both, be disregarded, it will be found that
the planter's dividends are as large as those
of the manufacturer. But if the southern plant-
er chooses to embark in a business, the labor of
which has not only to produce cotton for him, but
m addition to produce sustenance for itself, suste-
nance for two-fifths more, unemployed, it was unrea-
sonable of him to expect as much profit as those
who maintained none but productive labor of a less
expensive character.
Mr. E. referred to Professor Tucker's new woik
on the comparative industry of different sections of
the Union, with a view of showing that the slave
property, in the slave States, had not only to sus-
tain itseh, but two-fitths of the slave population un-
employed, such as helpless men, women, and child-
ren. But, by that work, it appeared that the pro-
ductive industry of South Chrolina was, per capita,
$87 each, (free persons, including slaves, §52.) and
of New England, only $84. Some of the southern
States ran up to #100, #110, $120, $130. In the
western States, such as Indiana, the rate, per capita
was but $44. This, however, proved nothing but
that the people of the western agricultural States
could do with less capital, which counted, for the
most part, in labor; whereas the people of the manu-
facturing States had capitals largely invested, the
interest of which they had to earn, as well their own
subsistence. After a variety of arguments in answer to
the several topics of the speech last made by the
Senator from South Carolina, Mr. E. not appearing
to have time to conclude, (4 o'clock having arrived )
gave way for a motion to adjournment; and
. °" motion of Mr. MOREHEAD, the. Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 5, 1844.
The journal having been read,
The SPEAKER announced that the first business
lni?J Ca^ 0n ^1G States for petitions.
Mr. VANCE moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of receiving such reports from the standing
committees as would not lead to debate. This course
