. 5; --
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• i ><*•-' %«<
- v - v. ?>«* • f
fats-
he thought, would expedite the business of the
House.
The motion was rejected.
fugitives prom justice.
Mr. LEVY moved to suspend the rules so as to
enable him to offer the resolution which he unsuc-
cessfully presented on Saturday, for rescinding the
10th article of the British treaty, providing for the
delivery of fugitives from justice. He hoped the
House would, from the importance of the subject,
excuse him for pressing it on their attention; and
he only asked them to suspend the rules for one
hour.
Mr. SEYMOUR called for the reading of the res-
olution.
Mr. SMITH of Illinois hoped the question
would not ask for as much as one hour for introduc-
ing his resolution.
Mr. LEVY would state the reasons for asking an
hour for the consideration of the resolution. It was
based on circumstances which required explanation
on his part, and it might be necessary for some ad-
ditional explanations to be made by the chairman of
the Committee of Foreign Affairs, or some other gen-
tleman.
On taking the question, the motion was rejected.
ORDER OF THE DAY.
The SPEAKER stated that the reception of peti-
tions was the order of the day; and the first ques-
tion before the House was the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Weller] to lay on the table
the question of the reception of the petition present-
ed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Beariis-
ley,] praying for the repeal of the act of 1793, pro-
viding for the arrest of fugitives from justice, and
fugitives from labor.
Mr. BEARDSLEY observed that, as this petition
seemed to have created some excitement, he wished
to have a fair expression of the opinion of the
House in relation to it, by sending it to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary; and in order to have a full vote
on that question, he moved that there be a call of
the House.
The question was taken, and the motion for a call
of the House rejected.
Mr. TIBBATTS called for the reading of the pe-
tition; and it was read.
Mr. BEARDSLEY desired to know the effect of
laying the question of reception on the table.
"Would the petition be then received?
The SPEAKER replied that, if the motion pre-
vailed, the petition would not be received.
The yeas and nays were then called through by
Clerk; when
Mr. BIDLACK rose and said that since he gave his
vote he had read the petition, and had therefore come
to the conclusion that it was wantonly, designedly
insulting to a large portion of this Union. He now
wished to change his vote; and voted ay. Mr.B.'s
vote was so recorded; and
The SPEAKER announced that the question was
decided in the affirmative: yeas 97, nays 70, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bariinger, Belser, Bidlack,
James Black, James A Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower,
Bowlin, Boyd, Milton Brown, W. J. Brown, Bnrkc, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Chappell, Chilton, Clingman. Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Cullom, Darnel, Garrett Davis, J. W. Davis, Deberry. Del-
let, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Elmer, Farlee, Fickhn,
French, Gilmer, Grider, Hammett, Haralson, Hopkins,
Houston. Hubard, Hughes, Chasles J. Ingersoll, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy,
Preston King, Labranche, Leonard. Lewis, Lucas, Lump-
kin, McCauslen, Maclay, McClernand, McConnell, McDow-
ell Mathews, Moore, "Murphy, Norris, Payne, Peyton,
Emery D. Potter, Kathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe,
Ritter. Russell, St. John, launders. Thomas H. Seymour,
Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, 'Robert
Smith, Steenrod, Stevens, John Stewart. Stiles, Stone,
Strong, Taylor. Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
"Weller, Woodward, and Yost—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Baker, Barnard, Beardsley,
Benton. Brodhead, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Car-
roll, Catlin, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Richard D. Da-
vis, Dickey, Dillingham, Dunlap, Fish, Florence, Frick,
Giddings, Grinnell, Hale, Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Henley,
Herrick, Hudson, Washington Hrtnt, James B. Hunt, Joseph
R, Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P.
King, Kirkpatrick, McClelland, MrJlvainp, Marsb, E. J.
Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Patterson, E. R. Potter, Purdy,
Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers,
Sample, Schenck, Severance. David L. Seymour, Albert
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stetson, Sykes, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmetfr, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Williams,
and Winthrop—70,
So the question of reception was laid on the table
ABOLITION OF SLAVER? IN THE SOUTHERN
STATES.
Mr. BEARDSLEY presented a petition from sun-
dry citizens of New York, praying for an amend-
ment of the constitution so as to effect the abolition
of slavery in the southern States.
The SPEAKER decided that this petition came
■within the rule prohibiting the reception of abolition
petitions; and it was therefore not received.
21st rule.
Mr. BEARDSLEY presented a petition from
sundry citizens of New York, praying for the repeal
of the 21st rule; ■which was laid on the table.
Petitions were also presented from the State of
New York, by Messrs. SEYMOUR, DANA, and
FISH.
Mr. HUNT presented a petition praying that the
o.rdnance of 1787, which prohibits the existence of
slavery in the Northwestern Territory of the United
States, may be extended over all the Territories of
the United States lying west of the Mississippi river.
The SPEAKER was of opinion that this petition
did not come within the rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL inquired if it did not pray for
the abolition of slavery in all our Territories west of
the Mississippi river, and consequently in our Terri-
tory of Texas. He raised the question of reception;
but, after some conversation, withdrew it that the
vote might be taken on a motion made by
Mr. PAYNE to lay the petition on the table.
Mr. HUDSON called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PAYNE withdrew his motion after some con-
versation, in which several members took part.
Mr. BlJbDHEAD renewed it, and the yeas and
nays were ordered, and being taken, resulted as fol-
lows: yeas 118, nays 56.
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer,
Belser, Benton, Ridlaok, Jam& BBlack, James A. Black-
Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinker
hoft, Brodhead Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown. William
J. Brown. Burke, Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben Chapman.
Agustus A. Chapman, C happell, Chilton, Clingman, Clin-
ton, Gobi), Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, J. U'. Davis, Dean, Debeuy, Dellet, Douglass,
Dromgoolo, Elmer, Farlee, Foster, French, Gilmer, Grider,
Hale, Hammett, Haralson. Henley, Holmes, Houston, Hu>
bard, Hnbbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Kennedy, Preston King. Kirkpatrick, Labranche,
Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maelay,
McClernand, McConnell, Mathews, J. Morris, Murphy,
Norris, Owen, Payne, Peyton. Emery D Potter. Pratt, Purdy,
Rathbun, Ravner, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter,
Robinson, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Simons, Simpson,
Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens,
Stetson, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Sykes. Taylor,
Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Went-
v.'Oi'tli, Wilkms, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and Tost—
lis.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Baker, Barnard, Beardsley, Jer-
emiah Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Catlin, Cranston, Rich-
ard D. Davis, Dickey, Dillingham, Dunlap, Ellis, Fish,
Florence, Frick, Giddmgs, Grinnell, Hamlin, Hardin, Har-
per, Herrick, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. In-
gersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B Johnson, Daniel P. King,
McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Mor-
ris, Morse, Moseley. Nes, Parmenter, Patterson, Elisha R.
Potter, Ramsey, Charles M. Read, Rockwell. Rogers,
Sample, Schenck, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David
L. Seymour, Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, John Stewart, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter,
Vinton, White, Williams, and Winthrop—56.
So the petition was laid on the table.
Petitions were also presented by Messrs. DANA,
BEARDSLEY, SEYMOUR, FISH, HUNT,
KING, ANDERSON, STETSON, ELLIS, HUB-
BELL, CARROLL, and PATTERSON.
Mr. CATLIN, on presenting certain petitions,
said he had been entrusted with several petitions
upon a subject which was considered by the peti-
tioners to be of great importance, not only to the
navy, to which they more particularly related, but
to the country. The petitioners assert that the
spirit ration in the navy is the great enemy of sea-
men, leading to vice and intemperate habits, pro-
moting disease and insubordination; and hence the
necessity for so great a number of punishments in
the navy. They assert, moreover, that the evils
which proceed from the spirit ration are not con-
fined to the seamen themselves, but that they extend
to their families, and finally to the whole navy, af-
fecting its honor and its usefulness; and thus the
whole country is affected by it. They assert, more-
over, that the developments of science and the sound
judgment of the age, based upon the experience
of the past, condemns the use of all intoxicating
liquors as a beverage, and pray that the cup of pollu-
tion may no longer be administered by the hands of
the government. They pray that the spirit ration
may be abolished, and such other beverage substi-
tuted as, in the judgment of Congress, may be best
calculated to promote the welfare of the navy. They
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEYMOUR presented the petition of Alvm
C. Gfoell; Which, after sdHb debateasto the proper
reference, was referred to a, select committee of five
members. : .
On motion of Mr. STEWART, of Connecticut,
authority was given to said committee to send for
persons and papers, - * -
Petitions were further presented from Rhode Is-
land by Mr. CRANSTON. ; '
From Massachusetts: By Messrs. BAKER and
ADAMS.
DisufUbif.
Mr. ADAMS presented the resolutions of the
legislature of Massachusetts, asking for an amend-
ment of the constitution, so as to exclude that por-
tion of the representation of the southern States,
which is based on their slave population. [These
resolutions were presented on last petition day by
Mr. Adams, and the question of reception being
raised on them, and giving rise to debate, they were
laid over.]
Mr. BURT, of South Carolina, objected to the
reception of the resolutions, and gave notice of his
intention to debate the question.
The SPEAKER said that, debate arising, the
rules required the question to go over.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the gentleman would debate
the question now, and let it be decided. The sub-
ject embraced in these resolutions had been already
referred to a select committee, of which he was a
member, on similar resolutions, passed at the pre-
ceding session of the Massachusetts legislature; and
it was desirable that the committee should present
their report, which they could not do until these
resolutions were referred.
The SPEAKER said that it was not in order t«
debate the question.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON begged leave to suggest
to the gentleman from South Carolina to withdraw
his objections, as these resolutions were the same as
those already before the committee, and the com-
mittee could not report until they were referred.
Mr. BURT, in reply to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, observed that this committee was raised out
of courtesy to the State of Massachusetts; but it now
appeared that there was a design to make it a stand-
ing committee, to serve as a receptacle for all those
incendiary petitions and resolutions which could be ,
manufactured to order.
The SPEAKER interrupted the gentleman from
South Carolina, and stated that it was not m order
to debate the question.
Some conversation ensued, in which Messrs.
ADAMS, CAMPBELL, BLACK, SAMPLE, and
WINTHROP took part, resulting in the Speaker's
deciding that the question of reception could then be
taken—Mr. ADAMS having stated that, in present-
ing the resolutions, he had called for the decision of
that question.
The yeas and nays having been called for by Mr.
ADAMS, and ordered by one-fifth of the members
present, were taken on the question, Shall the ques-
tion of reception be now considered; and resulted—
yeas 74, nays 91, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Baker, Beardsley, James Black,
Brodhead, J. Brown, Buffington, Burt, Cary, Carroll, Cat-
lin, Chilton, Collamer, Cranston, Cullom, Garrett Davis,
Richard D. Davis, Dickey, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee,
Fish, Florence, Foster, Giddings, Gilmer, Grider, Harper,
Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King,
Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lyon, Joseph Morris, Morse, Mose-
ley, Nes, Parmenter, E. R. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Ramsey,
Charles M. Reed. Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schenck,
Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Albeit
Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewait, Sykes, Thomasson, Til-
den Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton. White, Williams,
Wilkins, Winthrop, Woodward, and William Wright—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Barringer, Belser,
Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James A Black, Black-
well, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, William J. Brown,
Burke Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Augus-
tus A Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Cobb, Coles, Cross,
Dana. Daniel, Jalm W. Davis, Dellet, Douglass, Droni-
o-oole' Duncan, Ficklin, French, Willis Green, Byram
Green Hale, Hamlm, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Hop-
kins Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Hungerford, James B.
Hunt Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston King,
Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maclay,
McClernard, McConnell. McKay. Newton. Norris, Owen,
Payne Rayner, D. S. Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Robinson, Rus-
sell, Saunders, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas
Smith Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stiles, Stone, Strong,
Summers Taylor, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth,.
Wheaton, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—91.
So the resolutions were not received.
Mr. ADAMS then proceeded with the presenta-
tion of petitions, and laid before the House a greet
number on a great variety of subjects. Aniongft
others, there was one from Elmyra, New Yorka
