244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Hannegan.
Senate.
—then the Oregon is to be abandoned. England,
without title and without right, is to possess herself
of that fair land, equal, in extent, to the thirteen ori-
ginal States. And this is not all—not half; but na-
tional honor, national character, weighed in the scale
against gold, shall kick the beam. The heart sick-
ens at the thought that such things can be possible;
that such a sacrifice can be meditated; a sacrifice for-
bidden by every principle dear and holy in an Amer-
ican heart.
Mr. President, I represent a people on this floor
who, without distinction of party or of creed, no
matter under what name their political preferences
may be expressed, are as one man, with one heart,
one sentiment, attached, with idolatrous devotion, to
the integrity and the perpetuity of the Union. They
are ready to preserve it, in the hour of need, with
their blood. But, as their representative, I here
avow—and I am willing to stake my future fortunes
on that,avowal—that, sooner than see the honor and
character of the nation prostrated before the altars of
filthy Mammon—sooner than see national glory bar-
tered for gold, I would embrace with delight the
Utopia of the senater from South Carolina:—ay,
three distinct, separate, independent republics, rather
than one government, which would stoop to such
deep and damning degradation.
But suppose that by such means we preserve
peace—by surrendering to Great Britain a portion
of the country, and placing the question in the
broadest possible light;—suppose she gives us what
gentlemen may term an equivalent for it: under ex-
isting circumstances, what would it be but a bar-
gain made under the mouths of her cannon—a pur-
chased peace? And what, let me ask, is the value of
a purchased peace? What has been the fate of na-
tions preceding us who have resorted to such infa-
mous expedients? History warns us that their ex-
istence thereafter is brief; their days are thenceforth
numbered; their march is on the road, the inevita-
ble road, to swift destruction. If we purchase peace
once, we must do it again, and again, and again, un-
til all means of purchase are exhausted. Then
shall it follow with us as it has followed with others
—nothing remains but to fasten the easy yoke upon
the effeminate and degenerate people who have bar-
tered character for peace, honor for ease. How
widely do such principles contrast with the glorious
sentiment of our own heroic countryman, indelibly
graven on every true American heart—"Millions
for defence, but not one cent for tribute!"
Before leaving this matter of cost, I cannot refrain
from an expression which occurred to me in the
course of the remarks of the senator from Massa-
chusetts. Whenever the pecuniary interests of his
section of the Union are at stake, or likely to be af-
fected, (no matter how slightly,) this Capitol re-
sounds with loud and impassioned appeals against
any policy which may thus affect them. But, in re-
ply to my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,]
who described to us the declination and final destruc-
tion of the fur trade in the hands of Americans, ef-
fected solely by the British fur company in Oregon,
he did not extend one word of sympathy, or deign
a passing notice of a fact which ought certainly to
inspire some consideration, even with those who re-
side on the Atlantic. *
I shall now endeavor briefly to review the real
question before us; but, as the question of title is
conceded—the gentleman from Massachusetts him-
self, as strongly as any one else, having expressed
his convictions of the perfect nature of our title, and
the total want of it in Great Britain—it is unneces-
sary for me to review the sources of our claim.
In the debate on this subject which occurred in
this chamber at the last session, all, I believe, con-
curred in relation to our title. No gentleman enter-
tained or expressed a doubt of its entire soundness
against all others. No one, I believe, pretended
that England had even a colorable title to the coun-
try. The question is, consequently, narrowed
down; it is shrouded in no mystery; it requires no
ingenuity to unriddle it. The whole matter is re-
solved into this: For certain purposes, and at a time
when the exclusive occupancy was not necessary to
us, wc granted to Great Britain certain privileges
within the territory concurrent with our own—the
right being mutually reserved to annul the joint oc-
cupancy by which these privileges exist, on giving
the notice provided for by the resolution under con-
sideration. This is the whole case. And with
what propriety can it be affirmed that the action
now propesid is, in effect, an act of hostility'
Upon what principle can it be regarded as belliger-
ent' So far from it, that it is impossible for me to
regard it as unfriendly, or even unkind.
The country is ours—I hesitate not at the asser-
tion; I defy contradiction—by a title as strong as
that by which we hold any other part of the Ameri-
can republic. The only rights which Great Britain
has in the premises, are permissive, derived from
us, and subject to termination at our will. With
this view of the subject, (and it is the only view I
can take of it, after the most mature reflection,) it
only remains to inquire into the motives which, on
every side, should impel us to prompt and decided
steps in the matter. The voice and the interest of
the West, and of the Union, demand the occupation
of that land by its true and proper owners. The
claim of England, however unsupported by right or
justice, will lose nothing by an extension of time.
Every day that transpires serves to increase
the strength of her pretensions, because hesi-
\ tancy on our part implies doubt and distrust
of our own demands, or, at best, of our ca-
pacity to maintain them. Her preparations in
that quarter imply a determination to rivet her
claim by any means that necessity may ulti-
mately require. She has extended her laws,
civil and criminal, over the whole territory. As
shown to us on yesterday by the senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Atchison,]—and the authority cannot
be doubted, for he read from a volume of the laws
of the British Parliament—she has extended the juris-
diction and the force of her laws across the Rocky
mountains to the very confines of Missouri and
Iowa. She is disposing, through her fur company, of
the best lands, in perpetuity—bestowing tliem in
parcels on the retired servants of this company.
While we have been looking idly on, she has been
silently advancing with measures that give both
speciousness and power to her claim. And this con-
dition of things is progressive. Sh,e still advances
whilst we hesitate. Is this right? is it proper?
Every other consideration aside, does not the na-
tional character demand something more? But to
add to the necessity of action here, whilst the gov-
ernment has faltered, the enterprising spirit of our
people is aroused by the prospect of this new and
fertile region, which limits at last the hitherto bound-
less West. The emigrants, and those who desire to
become so, are every day increasing in number. They
are pressing forward with an alacrity which nothing
can subdue, whilst their neighbors and associates
are regarding things with an interest as intense as
was ever felt on any subject. I ask senators if they
are not willing to extend at least the protection of
the American laws over their own fellow-citizens
within American limits? As the matter now stands,
these emigrants may at any moment come in colli-
sion with the British subjects resident in Oregon;
and the result is their immediate subjection to Brit-
ish laws, administered by British tribunals, for al-
ledged offences within the territorial limits of the
United States. The senator from Massachusetts told
us that entire amity existed between the two classes
in Oregon—the Englishmen and Americans there.
I do not know from whence his authority for this
statement is derived; but certainly we have very
different information from this, contained in a peti-
tion now lying on our tables, and signed by a num-
ber of American emigrants in that territory, com-
plaining of various grievances at the hands of the
English authorities there, and asking the interposi-
tion of this government to protect them. Some of
these petitioners are personally known to both the
senators from Missouri, who vouch for them as men
of worth and probity.
I hold in my hand an extract from a Montreal
paper, whicii gives a very different and, I suspect,
a much more correct view of the condition of things,
and the fate of our people in Oregon, than that with
which the lionoiable senator has been furnished.
The extract is as follows, from the Montreal Cou-
rier:
"It is generally believed at Washington that the
recommendation of the President, for the military
occupation of the Oregon Territory, and the estab-
lishment of a civil government, will be responded to
in Congress, with full powers to the government to
act. In such case, we have no doubt, the Hudson
Bay company, and their Indian allies, will make
but a small meal of the troops of the 'free and en-
lightened.' On a previous occasion, when a party
of enterprising Yankees were sailing up the Colum-
bia, an old Indian stood upon an emmenee of the
river, and pointing to the adventurers, with his low
and expressive laugh exclaimed, 'the crows will
soon be picking out their eyes.' It was true; they
died—no man knows when, or where, or how."
This, sir, is the extract, and my heart chills with-
in me, as I think upon the cold-blooded and atro-
cious villain who could pen such an article. True,
they died—no man knows when, or where, or how;
between 400 and 500 of our citizens have perished
in this way since the joint-occupation treaty was
signed; and my friend from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
says, that among the number were many of his in-
timate and valued personal friends.
The increasing emigration of our people to Ore-
gon presents the strongest possible argument for
unequivocal measures on the part of this govern-
ment.
As our population there increases, so are their
possessions increasing in value and importance;
their villages will be springing up, their farms ex-
tending, their flocks and herds covering hill and val-
ley. If England intends to persist in a claim to the
country, the longer we delay the greater will be the
injury inflicted on us there when the blow does
come; for every growing village, every additional
farm-house, adds to English cupidity, increases her
desire to hold on, and increases for our people there
the horrors of war.
It is true, I have seen lately, in some of the lead-
ing papers of the adjoining cities, denunciations of
this course of emigration. These denunciations, I
presunie, may very properly be traced to the speech
of the honorable and distinguished senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. McDuffie,] delivered in this
chamber at the last session—a gentleman, let me
say, for whom I have ever cherished the highest ad-
miration, and the most profound respect. On that
occasion, the Senator, in substance, characterized
this system of emigration as the mere spirit of wan-
ton adventure, injurious to the best interests of the
country. Differing entirely with this opinion, let
me ask why the spirit should be checked, or why
encouraged by the government? If it is merely the
spirit of wanton adventure, without any laudable
aim, it should be checked, and checked promptly.
But, sir, I say for those with whom I am acquaint-
ed, who are desirous of emigrating to Oregon, as
will every senator here who knows anything of this
class of our people, that they have other and higher
motives in view than the mere gratification of a rov-
ing inclination. Mingle and talk with them, sir;
hear from their own lips their feelings and their
views; and, my life upon it, the humblest man among
them will tell vou, in the warm language of the
heart, his anticipations of the future glory and the
growing grandeur of his country—of its increasing
power, of the day not distant, when he hopes to see
the American ensign swing from a thousand masts
on the waters of the Columbia. It would ill become
this government to rebuke such a spirit in her peo-
ple, when (as here) it is lawfully 'Hrected. To this
identical spirit do we mainly owe our existence as a
nation. What eke was it that brought Sir Walter
Raleigh, and Captain Smith, and their brave com-
rades, to these shores? And notwithstanding all
their regard for religious freedom, but for this same
spirit our pilgrim fathers never would have sought
a new home m the inhospitable North, nor the per-
secuted Huguenot a resting place in the savannahs
of the South. To the influence of this spirit alone,
the republic owes the brightest jewel in her diadem—■
the West—the giant—the oil-glorious West. Fifty
years ago, an almost untrodden wilderness; to-day,
her teeming millions speak through upwards of
twenty senators on this floor, and nearly one hun-
dred representatives in the opposite wing of the
Capitol. Rebuke it? Never! It is the spirit that
founds and sustains empires.
The senator from Massachusetts implores us to
pause, to delay yet a little longer—but six months
more—before we proceed to action, by the adoption
of a measure like this, or anything else, I suppose,
that would advance us a foot from our present posi-
tion. Why should we pause longer? So far as I
have read or heard, no man m America admits a
doubt of our title to the country. But the senator
says that England does not want the country for
agricultural purposes; that the fur trade furnishes
the only value she attaches to it; that beyond this it
has no other importance in her eyes; and, as she
does not want it for the purposes of agriculture, if
we will but let her finish her hunting there, she will
be up and away to the Russian dominions north of
us. The purposes of agriculture are the least
amongst the views which England has in extending
her dominions. Would the gentleman have us to
believe that, because .England does not want it for
