23*2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
solution of the Union, to bless hm section of the
country, quite rega&less of what (if his views were
correct) the result would be to all other portions of
the States, He had the sagacity not to hold forth
on any wrong that a disruption of the Union would
inflict on our common country; but he described,
in .glowing colors, the great advantages, the un- .
bounded wealth, and indescribable improvement,
which subh disruption would confer on one part of
the broken confederacy. All these great advanta-
ges, he maintained, the South would gain by sever-
ance from the Union. Tj^e southern confederacy
would,under self-government,out-rival the Hesperian
gardens, and be blessed with perpetual verdure and
eternal spring; become the depository of unbounded
wealth, the land of unparalleled happiness—free
from political convulsions, proof against national
earthquakes, no possibility of being involved in war,
but ever blessed with smiling peace. But (asked
Mr. E.) by what process of inductive reasoning has
the honorable senator reached these most flatter-
ing conclusions? He says this southern confedera-
cy, whose capital is to be wholly sunk in bringing
forth the produce of the country, will be able, of
that produce, to export to foreign countries to the
value of one hundred millions annually; and that,
in return, they will receive, in foreign imports, one
hundred and twenty millions; consequently giving a
yearly profit of twenty millions. Part of this, 120,-
000,000 he appropriates for sale to, or exchange
with, the western States; .but he does not say how
much, nor does he clearly lay down what is to be
received from the West in return.
The 100,000,000 sent out is to consist of cotton,
tobacco, and rice; and the return, of foreign imports.
In drawing this very pleasing picture, the honorable
senator has not said who are to be the recipients of
the $20,000,000 profits; not the southern confcdcracy
most assuredly, for he has described their capital as
altogether sunk in the raising of produce. The
profits must go to those employed in the transporta-
tion of those goods out and homeward; and, as it is
admitted the southern confederacy is not to be a
shipping or maritime country; and as, after the dis-
ruption of the Union, it could not be hoped that
northern or New England ships would be so far
favored as to obtain from the southern confederacy
employment—so the only conclusion to be drawn
is, that this profit of 20,000,000 must go into the
pockets of English ship-owners, being the only per-
sons that the southern confederacy could consistent-
ly employ m the trade. Again, this 120,000,00 of
foreign imports is to be consumed, according to
the honorable senator, by a population of five or
six millions. Can this be done? Decidedly not;
for, in the United States, with a population of
sixteen or seventeen millions, we find that a foreign
importation of 100,000,000 is more than enough.
"What do these foreign importations in chief consist
of? Take one of the principal articles—woollens.
The chmatc of the South renders a moderate sup-
ply of this article sufficient; and let it be remembered
that there is a large class of inhabitants who cannot
indulge in any expenditure on foreign produce.
It ls true that the free population may use a larger
proportion than others, but the greater number are
not those who can be reckoned customers for wool-
It ns, silks, glass, iron, &c. The amount of imports
which the honorable senator reckons on, amounts
to one-sixth of all the manufactures of England; and
vet lie states that a population not one-fourth that of
Great Britain—now twenty-six millions—can con-
sume this immense quantity. He holds out to the
West a promise of supplying it with foreign im-
ports at low prices; but how is it to be done? He
proposes taking live stock in exchange—nothing else
—for the South will produce her own breadstuffs.
TTf cannot take from the West cotton-bag-
srmg; Ins doing so would destroy his own
theory, and would tend to injure the trade of
Glasgow and Paisley. He will not take hemp
or wool, though wool must .speedily become a great
article in the Wcr-it. He say* the West will find op-
portunities of exporting all that the southern con-
federeracy do not require from their own ports. If
so, his whole argument is destroyed; for if the peo-
ple of the West send abroad provisions, they will
bring back other necessaries in return. What then
becomcs of their portion of the 120,000,000 imports?
The glorious prospect of wealth held out to the
West, by devoting countless millions to raising
live stock for the southern confederacy, must fall to
tiic ground; and with it, the theory of the honorable
See&tor, that the West could never become the
country ot manufacture, but must remain always a
seller, instead of a buyer. The West he (Mr.
Evans) contended, was destined to become a great
manufacturing country; its growth of wool was (as
in every other nation) rapidly increasing; and the
only danger to be dreaded was, that it might here-
after be imported so cheap as to break down the
trade here. The great staples of the south-
ern confederacy were tobacco, cotton, and rice.
Virginia, with a population of one and one-fourth
million raised tobacco, having no cotton or rice, to
the amount of three and a half million dollars. Here,
then, is about one-fourth of the population of the
confederacy contributing, toward the annual export
of 100 millions, the amount of 3| millions? Then
South Carolina, with a population of about one-half
that of "Virginia, raises cotton and rice to the amount
of about 6 mill ions; and Alabama, raises in still greater
proportion. What is to be the result5 how are the
profits of the confederacy to be satisfactorily distrib-
uted? Virginia raises nothing that other States will
take; and with her the question will grow up as to
the rates of duties. She will say, on my tobacco is
charged a duty abroad of 2,200 per cent., while your
cotton goes free. This is not fair; we must have a
reciprocity we must be equal. She will insist, and
with justice; on an equal participation in the ben-
efits of the confederacy; and not obtaining them, will
turn their attention to her natural and great resources—
her mineral wealth, her navigable rivers—and will
become, as she ought to be now, a manufacturing
and navigating State. She will turn and say—I
have iron; I have artisans; I will supply you with
the wares now supplied you by Sheffield and Bir-
migham; and will take in payment jour cotton,
which I will spin, and again return to you in its
manufactured state.
Mr. Eyans went on to* draw a comparison be-
tween the population and produce of South Carolina
and Mississippi; showing the former, with 600,000
persons, producing 6,000,000; while the latter, with
375,000 inhabitants, produced 15,472,000; which he
contended would require a consumption on the part
of 375,000 Mississippians of twice and one-half as
much of foreign imports as would fall to the share of
South Carolina. It could only end in another con-
federacy, and then the dispute would be not between
the northern and southern States, but between the
northern and southern ends of the threatened con-
federacy. If the trade in flour and corn was closed
in the West, and the West was compelled to rely
for importations on the South, how was it to §;et
along for revenue—*it should under the proposed
system, pay duties to the South, and then duties to
the West. The honorable senator had not taken
into consid?ration, in speaking of this disruption of
the Union, what affect a single year's war would
have—not a war with England, that would be out
of the question; she being the favored nation and the
only market of the confederacy, any demand made
by her would be submitted to; but if a war (for ever
to be deplored) with the South was to take place, the
contest would be on the, oeian, and the South could
only contend by aid of its ally, Great Britain. To
protect the South, a British ileet would be neces-
sary on its coast. And how long, under such guar-
dianship, those States could preserve their indepen-
dence, was easily foreseen.
What was thcie m the aspect of the times to lead
to the conclusion that the interests of the South
would be more carefully guarded and protected by
any foreign alliance she could make, than by her ad-
herence to the Union, under which her institutions
are now held sacred? Was she to expect it from an
alliance with England5 Was the whole policy of
Great Britain in relation to the emancipation of
slavery to be suddenly changed? Had not the
South a guaranty in the constitution, and in the de-
termination of the mass of the people to adhere to
it, which she could not have were it possible for
her to set herself loose, to form a new confederation
of her own, composed of mere homogenous inter-
ests? Would Gicat Britain, after abolishing slavery
in her own colonies, be likely to protect and foster
the institutions of the South? The history of all
countries had amply recorded evidences that no na-
tions, merely producing raw materials to be exported
for manufacture, ever became wealthy or great;
while abundance of testimony could be adduced that
they generally dragged out an impoverished exist-
ence as mere colonies, dependent on the country
which converted their labor and raw productions
into fabrics for general consumption and commerce.
Such a separate confederation as that supposed
by the senator from South Carolina, were it practi-
cable at all. must, ultimately, lead to dependence on
Great Britain; for the moment its market was sus-
pended, its own existence must become precarious,
its productions worthless, and its soil an uncultiva-
ted waste. The South could have but one of the
alternatives—either to submit to any terms dictated to
her by England, or to seek agam for an alliance
with the North, which she had discarded, were it
possible the North could survive the calamity which
the senator supposes would fall upon it by the sep-
aration. But another difficulty would be formed
by this southern confederation. All its homoge-
neous interests being centred in the growth and ex-
portation of tobacco, cotton, and rice, its whole
capital would be vested in those productions. It
could not devote any part of it to navigation; for, if
it did, that would be a breaking up of the principle,
and a diversion of so much force from the homo-
geneous interests. She would not, of course, on the
same principle, allow the navigation of the North to
become transporters of her exports, and earners of
her imports. In compliance with her theory, she
should give all that to England, in order to enable
her great market to become consumers, to a larger
extent, of her productions. Thus she must become
a subsidiary of the naval power®of a foreign nation.
If the South was, in the first instance, the importing
confederation, what would it do with its 120 mil-
lions of imports?
It may be said, a great part of this amount of
imports would be sold to the western confederation
—the northern being excluded upon principle. The
western confederation would not, however, take
them, unless in exchange for its own products. But
what would the South do with so much western
products, unless to export them in exchange for
fresh imports? and that would be cutting off so much
from the southern exports, or inducing an excessive
importation, for which no market could be found?
Then there would be a greater difficulty still; the
southern confederation would add ten per cent, of
duty, according to the senator's plan, upon imports,
to make up its revenue of $12,000,000. What was
the West to do for a revenue all this time to support
its government' It would not submit to direct tax-
ation; and consequently must resort to an ad-
ditional duty on the goods it would import
from the southern confederation. The South
would retaliate, by putting a duty on its
importation of live stock from the West; and so
matters would go on till strife and anarchy would
arise; and the two confederations would find that,
instead of mending their condition, by seceding
from the general Union, they had enfeebled and im-
poverished tl'iemsleves, and destroyed all their for-
mer prosperity, power, and strength.
He (Mr. E.) would now refer to a document
which he wished was studied more than it is, and
acted upon by those who have studied it. He
meant the farewell address of him who was em-
phatically and justly designated the Father of his
country—General Washington.
Mr. E. here read from that address various pas-
sages, urging the necessity of a permanent union of
the States under our general government; and en-
joining the people of the United States to preserve
and perpetuate that Union.
He (Mr. E.) had not the least idea that the sena-
tor from South Carolina contemplated any disrup-
tion of the Union. Ha was confident he only used
his arguments as illustrations of elementary prin-
ciples. But they were, he feared, calculated to
alienate from the Union (which is now the nation's
bond of strength and prosperity) weaker minds,
and to raise up questions of distrust as to the per-
manency of our institutions.
To those who, under the influence of discontents
more imaginary than real, would venture to attempt
the carrying on of such a visionary scheme as that
of forming separate confederations founded on ho-
mogeneous interests, he (Mr. E.) would recommend
the study of that portion of mythological history
which records the adventure of him who, but for
one day, attempted to drive the chariot of the sun.
They would find that his life was the forfeit of his
temerity. Whoever attempts the dismemberment
of this Union will live .only in the reproaches of
mankind; he may live in history, but it will not be
on the page where are inscribed the names and deeds
of the good, and wise, and great, the benefactors of
mankind; but on that page where are recorded the
names and acts of those were the authors of civil
discord and national calamity. He (Mr. E.) did not
believe any portion of the South desired such re-
sults. He believed that they felt, with the people of
the North, that all were bound together in one com-
