mon cause, as one community—one nation. As
such,.we had achieved independence, renown, and
an ascendency unparalleled m so short a time. To
preserve these, we must preserve the Union which
has conferred such blessings.
Mr. WOODBURY next obtained the floor; and
observed, that he was prepared to proceed with the
remarks which-it was his intention, on a former oc-
casion, to offer to the Senate; but the hour being
late, and some business being required to be trans-
' acted in executive session, he presumed it would be
agreeable to the Senate to pass over informally the
present subject of discussion.
A short debate arose on the subject of taking a
vote on the preliminary question, with a view of
getting rid of the constitutional difficulty of enter-
taining the subject, Messrs. DAYTON and BATES
desiring that question to be settled first, and Messrs.
MOREHEAD, ARCHER, BERRIEN, and SE-
VIER, being in favor of allowing the discussion to
go on, leaving the preliminary question to be after-
wards decided by the vote on the Finance Commit-
tee's resolutions.
Finally, the subject was passed over informally,
with the understanding that Mr. Woodbury, if
ready to-morrow to proceed with his remarks,
might, at 1 o'clock, call it up.
The Senate then went into executive session, and
shortly after adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 6^1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Com-
merce, (general consent being accorded to him for
that purpose,) reported a bill for constituting Ban-
gor a port of entry; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. WELLER asked and obtained leave to pre-
sent the following resolutions; which were laid up-
on the table, and ordered to be printed:
A resolution of the general assembly of the State
of Ohio, instructing the senators and requesting the
representatives from said State, in the Congress of
the United States, to use their influence in procuring
the passage of a law to protect the present occupants
of the lands in the county of Crawford, in said
State, formerly owned by the Wyandott Indians.
Also, a resolution of the general assembly of the
Siate of Ohio, instructing the senators and request-
ing the representatives from that State to appropri-
ate money to build a bridge over the Ohio at Wheel-
ing, Virginia.
Mr. ADAMS called for the orders of the day.
Mr. BELSER asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill authorizing the payment of certain claims
of the State of Alabama, and amendatory of the
act of the 16th day of August, 1842, on the same
subject.
Mr. B. presented sundry records and documents
in support of the said claims of the State of Ala-
bama: read twice, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
REPORT ON RULES.
The House then proceeded to the order of the
day for the morning hour.
Mr. HAMMETT being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House. Nothing was more foreign to
his expectation when he left home, than that he
should be called upon to debate a subject like this,
at this session of Congress. His constituents
thought his time would be devoted to business very
different from this, and that flie feelings of this na-
tion would not have been taxed or trespassed as they
had been by the inrtoduction of this subject. They
supposed, in the part of the country where he lived,
that after the signal defeat which their political oppo-
nents'had experienced, after the reversal of tbe major-
ities o'f former times at the elections throughout almost
all the States at the last time the elections were held,—
they thought, after these reverses, that they would be
relieved from legislation upon this subject; and that,
with the sweeping majority which they of the polit-
ical creed to which he held now possessed, they
would not thus be again assailed m reference to
their of property in their slaves. l ut as it
had turned out, the question now arose, whether
or not they had any right to such property at
all; and as it had become a. Question, and perhaps
a matter of duty, in the minds of some, how
long they should be permitted, either through cour-
tesy or kindness, to hold this property, it was a du-
ty which he felt that he owed to the State which he
in part represented—a duty which he owed to his
own feelings—a duty which he owed to everything
that was dear to him, to make, if possible; such an
impression upon the House as would convince them
of their error, and to show them that, to press it
further, would -be dangerous to the happiness of the
country.
This debate professed to have arisen upon a sin-
gle question; and that was, whether a particular rule
of this House shall be retained by the House for its
government during the present Congress. But in
determining this question, small as it appeared to be,
it would be found that no small degree of import-
ance would be attached to it, in consequence of the
latitude which had been given to the debate, the in-
terests which had been brought up, the feelings
which had been aroused, and perhaps, in some in-
stances, the feelings which had been newly excited.
The battle professed to be waged upon one single
principle; and that was, whether or not the citizens
of the several States of this Union should have, the
right to petition the government. This was the point
which it was professed was in issue; but he
trusted he would be able to show that this was not
the object they were aiming at. The right of peti-
tion was a right which no one on the other side pre-
tended to deny; but the extent to which that right
was to be carried, the length and the breadth of that
right, was a matter which was susceptible of much
argument. He would not enter into this question
at this time, because his friend from South Carolina,,
and his friend from Alabama had already done am-
ple justice to that subject. It was enough for him to
know that, whatever could be said, whatever was ne-
cessary to be saiij, to arrive at a correct understanding
of the right of petition as it exists in England
under the various acts of Parliament, had been
fully explained in the speeches of those two gentle-
men; and it was unnecessary, therefore, for him to
repeat what had been said upon that topic. The
right of petition had been guarantied under the consti-
tution of this country: this no one pretended to deny;
but, in his opinion, there was a great misapprehen-
sion—a fearful misapprehension—as to the extent
which some give to the meaning attached to the
phrase.
The right of petition was established in England
to protect the people; the right of assembling, and
expressing their opinions upon any subject, was
granted to them to guard against the oppression, the
tyranny under which the people of England groaned
previously to the enactment of those acts of Parlia-
ment which refer to the subject. The framers of
the constitution determined that whenever it pleased
the people to assemble peaceably together and peti-
tion the government upon any subject, it should not
be considered a punishable act. Here was the dis-
tinction; Congress should not have the power to
abridge the right of petition, nor to deny the people
the right of assembling peaceably together, and pe-
titioning the government—that is, the people should
not be punished for so doing, as they were pun-
ished in England; but Congress did not contemplate—
the framers of the constitution did not contemplate—
the people never contemplated—no one ever thought
that, because this right was thus granted—that be-
cause they were thus authorr/ed peaceably to assem-
ble and petition—that because the constitution and
the laws protected them in doing so,—that there-
fore they had a right to petition for anything they
might choose, and that their petitions were neces-
sarily to be entertained and acted upon by the
House.
There was a vast difference between securing to
the people the right of assembling and petitioning
the government, and the granting the prayer of any
sort of petitions which they might choose to bring
forward, or even acting upon them; for, if they
were to undertake that, they would find a mass of
business which they would be unable to dispose of
during the whole session of Congress. He denied
that they were obliged to entertain all the petitions
which the people chose to present. Congress nad
its rights, as well as the petitioners had theirs. This
House had the right to make rules for its own goy-
evnment; it had a right to discriminate between this
and that petition. There was one thing in which
lie was very sure gentlemen would agree with him
—that they had no right to entertain a petition,,in
any manner, which prayed them to do something
which the constitution forbids. The constitution
forbade them to meddle with private property, ex-
cept for public uses. Slaves in this District had al-
ways been recognised as private property: this,.he
believed, no one would pretend to deny. They had
no right, then, under the constitution, ^to meddle
with the question-of slavery in the Kstiict of Co-:
lumbia; ; ' •- 1 «•?
There could be no doubt asto slaves being private,
property; the decision of the Supreme Court had al-
ready settled that question. In a case decided?, by;
Justice McLean, in Ohio, where a citizen of.Ken-,
tucky brought a suit against a citizen, of. Ohio for-
assisting in secreting slaves that had absconded, the
verdict of the court was £1,200 damages, and costs
of suit. It was determined by a decision in Penn-
sylvania, that the owner of a slave - had the right to • -
follow his slave into a free State, and to take him •
by force, if necessary; which' decisions -had' beeat
sustained upon appeal to the Supreme Court of the •
United States.
It had been said that there was sometimes a dis- -
position on the part of some gentlemen to take-shel-
ter behind the judiciary. He asked those gentle-.
men, who look with so much reverence and favor to ■
the decisions of the United States courts, whether or
not they would regard the decision in these cases as'
having any influence with them? What did these
decisions amount to? They not only secured to the
people who owned slaves the right of prpperty in
their slaves, but the right to follow that property, if
necessary, into a free State, and bring them back.
This was the decision of the courts under the act of
Congress of 1793—an act which was passed to car-
ry out the intention of the framers of the constitu-
tion.
The gentleman from New York the other day, in
the violence of his feelings, in the high swell of his
patriotism, said that he was not the representative
of a particular district of New York alone, but the
representative of the whole Union; that he was not
only willing, in the exuberance of his^generosity, to
give $15,000,000 for the improvement of the rivers
and harbors of the West, but he would even borrow
the money in order to give it. The gentleman re-
minded him of an honest militia captain, who, being •
tremendously drunk, after trying repeatedly to
mount his horse, and as often failing, prayed to the
Virgin Mary to help him; when, making a
powerful effort, he overleaped and fell upon the
other side. "Troth," said he, "Mary, when you
are good, you are too good." The gentleman, in
his opinion, was a little too good.
But with all his respect for the judiciary, with all
his respect for the opinion of the courts, let him ask
the gentleman where he was when, during the ad-
ministration of Gov. Seward and Bradish, and when,
with a legislature of his own party, they passed
laws in the State ofNew York, making it a peniten-
tiary offence for a man to attempt the recapture of a
negro, who had run away from one of the States, in
which negroes are slaves! W here was the gentle-
man's veneration for the constitution and the judi-
ciary then? Was he for protecting the South then?
The constitution declared, and the Supreme Court
declared, that this species of property should be pro-
tected. Where was the gentleman's veneration for
the constitution, for the judiciary, and where was
his great love for the Union, and for the whole coun- ■
try, when he permitted this law to pass without op-
position on his part? The gentleman from Ohio, ■
[Mr. Gidbings,] the other day, when he wanted an
appropriation for the mouths of a few creeks, that
happen to run into the lakes, in the depth of his .
philanthropy cried out that he was willing to pro-
tect and secure the rights of the whole Union. _ But
there was when he was for getting an appropriation
for the mouths of a few creeks, which are now dig-
nified as harbors; and he also said that there was a
great trade on them. There was a great trade on
them, to be sure; but the principal trade was to
transport runaway negroes into Canada, one of
these creeks being part of the line of communication.
Moreover, if report spoke truly, the gentleman him-
self was one of the partners of the firm carrying on
this commendable trafic.
The SPEAKER here called the gentleman to
order. T .
Mr. HAMMETT. Why, sir, I am only showing
the extent of the gentleman's patriotism. The gen-
tleman professed so much patriotism when he
wanted to get money out of the treasury; but when
he was called on to protect the constitution and put
down fanaticism, then his patriotism was dormant.
Having proved that negro slaves were property;
that such property was protected by the constitution;
and that private property could not bo taken unless
for the public use, and upon making just compensa-
tion therefor, he would now-proceed to consider
what these petitioners contended for, and the argu-
ments used for Jhe reception of their petitions, ft
