248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844
28th' Cong.....1st Sess.
Surrender of Fugitives—Mr. Levy.
H. of Reps.
tion; and which had led this country to acquiesce
in the introduction of this act into the treaty. And
yet we find the attorney general of the British gov-
ernment, a member of her ministry, declaring that,
it>. any similar case arising hereafter, he was prepared
to say that the government would not consider it as
included in the treaty, although the treaty declares
that murderers and pirates shall be surrendered.
But the enormity of the opinions and policy de-
signed by the British government, as exposed in
this discussion of the House of Commons, does not
stop here. Murder by a slave is even justified! as
will be seen by the further extracts I will read.
Mr. McCauley (a member) says, in the course of
his remarks:
"If such a treaty as the one under consideration
had been entered into with the Northern States of
•America, in which the reports of our law courts were
quoted, and the very details of our legal proceedings
were adopted, it would have been productive of ad-
vantage; but in the Southern States the unfortunate
relations between master and slave came into opera-
tion."
Here appeared the discrimination between the
Northern and Southern States in respect to the opera-
tion intended to be given to this clause of the treaty,
which it is the evident purpose of the British gov-
ernment to pursue.
Lord Palmerston thus spoke:
"In no case where a slave was charged with the
offence of murder or robbery, would any English
magistrate be justified in delivering him up for trial,
unless the offence he was charged with was one that
was looked on as a murder or robbery by the law of
England; and he apprehended that any act that
a slave might commit in resisting the coercion
of his master could not amount to murder, and
would not justify a magistrate in giving up the
fugitive."
Lord Stanley, (one of the ministers of Great Brit-
ain,) speaking "as one having authority," assented
to the doctrines of Lord Palmerston, and declared,
in regard to slaves charged with murder:
" No fugitive could, under the treaty, be surrenr
dered as a murderer, unless his offence was such as
our laws would qualify with that epithet." "He
did not hesitate to say that, in point of reciprocity,
this treaty was of infinitely greater advantage to the
people of Canada than to those of the United States."
And he went on to intimate, that if the operation
of this article was found unfavorable to the slave popu-
lation of our States, it was in the power of Great
Britain to terminate it. It is more favorable to the
people of Canada, says this British minister, than
to the people of the United States! Because, for-
sooth, as he substantially states, while on their part
they would exclude from its operation a very large
part of the persons in this country capable of crime,
we, on our part, good, easy people, would surren-
der to them offenders against their laws without dis-
ciimination.
This whole debate, sir, (which I have not time to
refer to as extensively as I wish,) bears upon its
face the stamp of preconceived and meditated in-
jury and insult to this country, by a violation of
good faith in the execution of the treaty, and by an
odious, unjust, unequal, insulting and degrading
discrimination between the several portions of this
Union.
But it is not here alone that the evidence of the
ill faith of Great Britain stopped. Sir, I have a
copy of a correspondence relative to this very oc-
currence, which took place between the secretary of
some abolition society in England and Earl Aber-
deen, the authenticity of which is evidenced by its
publication in the London Times. In this corres-
pondence, it will be seen, the abolition secretary in-
forms the British minister that a case of the class
"concerning which the British government have given
such distinct and reiterated fledges has now occurred."
Pledged to what, if pledged at all? Pledged to give
asylum to murderers, if they be slaves—to shield
and protect the perpetrators of the highest of hu-
man offences, the most heinous of human crimes—
to receive and cherish the most accursed of God, the
murderer of his fellow man ! Pledged to violate a
solemn national obligation! Pledged to dishonor
and to perfidy! And how is this insolent and in-
sulting assertion of a pledge met? By a stern and
ind gnant rebuke? By the scorn of silence, or by
•a merited reprobation? Not at all. But by a re-
spectful diplomatic answer, which denies nothing,
but tacitly countenances the fanatical spirit of his
corresp<jndent, and insinuatingly Batiste the ex-
pectation (though in language which does not, in
terms, avow a purpose to violate the treaty) that the
British government would surrender itself- to the
use of such associations as Mr. Hinton represents,
for such purposes as they are engaged in.*
I propose now, sir, to show that these premoni-
tory bodings of ill faith have been carried into ful-
filment. In the very first case which has occurred
under the treaty of a demand by this government
for surrender of criminals who chanced to be slaves,
the principles promulged in the British Parliament
by the British ministry have been applied. The
decision of her judges has beeti made in echo of the
judgment of her ministers. The case presented in
the ijiessage now before the House is simply and
succinctly this: Seven slaves, owned in Florida,
while in escape from the lawful authority of their
master, attacked the homestead of an unoffending
citizen residing on the coast of Florida, during his
absence, and there, in the presence of his family,
robbed the house of all • its contents which they
could bear away, going to the fiendish extent of
stripping his unresisting children of the very clothes
which covered them, and leaving them (a female
child of six years of age being one of them) in a state
of entire nudity. Upon the return of the father,
and his discovery of the circumstances, he started in
pursuit of the party of robbers, and was found the
next day by his neighbors" a murdered corpse. The
name of the man was Geeren, a citizen of the State
of New York, but recently removed to Florida,
where he was engaged in the peaceable business of
an agriculturist and fisherman. By his death, he
left in unprovided poverty a family of orphans.
These felons afterwards succeeded in making good
their escape, by reaching a British vessel, which
took them into the British port of Nassau. A re-
quisition was regularly made by this government,
through the British minister here, for their surren-
der. The demand, thus regularly made, was trans-
mitted by a civil officer of the United States—the
marshal of the district in which the offence was com-
mitted—who carried with him what I shall show to
have been ample evidence to justify their surrender.
The evidence carried over to Nassau by the officer
in support of the formal demand of the government,
consisted of two indictments against each of the
slaves, duly authenticated—one for robbery and the
other for murder; the authenticated process of the
United States district court for their apprehension
under these indictments, and two respectable and re-
sponsible witnesses to identify the criminals. Now
what did good faith require upon this state of facts?
Evidently the prompt surrender of them. But if it
was even doubted by the British court whether the
evidence was sufficient to justify surrender, surely
it was sufficient—abundantly sufficient—if good
faith were contemplated, for the arrest and detention
of the criminals until further proof could be sent
for. But, on the contrary, so far were the authori-
ties then from arresting, or* seeking, by reasonable
action, means to give effect to the tenth article, that
'To the Right lion, the Earl of Jibeideeil, $c.
27 Nh\v Broad strkkt, Dec. 6, 1843.
My Lord: 1 have the duty of transmitting to you an ex-
tract of a letter from the Rev. Joshua Leavitt, dated Boston,
November 15, 1843, relative to the case of the seven slaves
who have recently arrived from Florida at Nassau. Al-
though it is probable that your lordship may already be m
possession of the facts through official channels, it scarcely
seemed right to withhold from the government the contents
of Mr Leavitt's letter, on a matter of such extreme and
critical importance. A case of that class concerning which
the British public iiave felt sueli intense anxiety, and con-
cerning which, also, the British government have given
■such distinct and reiterated pledges, has now occurred, and
the eyes ol nations—it might also be said the ej es of the
world—w ill be fixed on the proceedings which are taken
with respect to it That the slaveholders will press the
surrendei ol the parties w ith an unbridled impetuosity,
cannot be doubted, and as little, I trust, may it be doubted
that the attitude tikfu hy the British government will be
discriminating and firm.
1 have the honor to be, &c.,
J. II. HINTON.
Reply.
Foreign Offick, Dec. 20, 1843.
Sir: I am directed by the Earl of Aberdeen to acknowl-
edge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant, and its
enclosure, respecting seven slaves said to have recently
arrfved at Nassau from Florida, and to ha\e been claimcd
by the government of the United States as prisoners fugi-
tive. from justice under the treaty of "Washington. I am to
inform you, in reply, that her Majesty's government will
not fail to give their attention to the proceedings which
may be had with regard to these slaves, in order to secure
the due execution ol the treaty stipulations under which
they are claimed.
I am, sir, your most obedient humble servant,
CANNING.
ffo J. fi> HINTON, esq.
a public meeting was permitted to be held under the
very nose of the court, at which resolutions were
passed declaring a determination to resist the sur-
render, if even the authorities should yield. Well,
the court, responding to the suggestions^ made in
the British Parliament, pronounced a decision upon
grounds which brings us at once to a trial of the
soundness and good faith of the interpretation sought
to be given by the British government to this arti-
cle. The material part of the decision is this:
"An indictment per se can never be received as
evidence. It is not enough for us to know that the
American jury thought the parties guilty: we ought
to know the grounds upon which they thought them
guilty. What may constitute the crime of murder
in Florida may be very far from doing so according
to the British laws, or even to the laws of the north-
ern States of America. By issuing a warrant, then,
to apprehend the parties in virtue of these indict-
ments, we might be doing so on evidence which
would not justify the apprehension by true British
law, and should thereby be proceeding in direct vio-
lation of the act."
Two important points are made in this decision;
first, that an indictmcnt per se cannot be accepted as
evidence to justify arrest and surrender of a criminal:
and secondly, that the British authorities have a
right to test, by their own laws, the criminality of
the acts charged against the fugitives. And the
court very plainly intimates that murder or robbery,
committed Dy a slave to facilitate his escape, would
not be regarded as murder or robbery within the
treaty.
Upon all these points I join issue with the British
court and nation. I dispute them all as unfounded
in law, inconsistent with the terms and intent of the
treaty, and violative of good faith and international
duty. If any other conclusions than those I come
to, were at all admissible, it would indicate but the
more clearly the treachery in which this provision
was conceived, and the more imperatively call for
its abrogation as due to the dignity of the nation.
[Mr. Levy was proceeding to sustain his posi-
tions, when the expiration of the hour arrested him.
He will publish what he designed to say in the
shape of a statement of the case and argument.]
APPENDIX.
The facts of the case appear to be as follows:
Seven slaves owned in St. Augustine, Florida,
fled from that place in a boat which they stole for
the purpose. After being some time at sea they
reached Cape Florida, in the bay of which they were
seen several times, the boat being identified by a per-
son who knew it well.
While in that neighborhood, one of them met the
son of Mr. Geeren on the beach, and robbed him of
the clothes which he wore. A day or two afterwards
these negroes went to the house of Mr. Geeren,
where they found his daughter, a young girl of six
or seven years of age. They threatened to kill her,
if she made any noise, and proceeded to rob the
house of such of its contents as they pleased, strip-
ping the little girl also of her clothes.
Geeren was absent at the time fishing. Upon his
return and discovery of what had occurred, he armed
himself and started in pursuit of the robbers. No
more was heard of him, until his murdered body
was found by a party who went in search.
John H. Geeren, the person murdered, was a
citizen of the State of New York, who had shortly
before his murder migrated to Florida.
The boat with these negroes was seen several
times in the neighborhood of the place, after the oc-
currence; by individuals who were unable to attack
or arrest them. As soon as aid could be sent for,
pursuit was made, but they succeeded in escaping,
and after being at sea some days, fell in with a Brit-
ish vessel which carried them into Nassau.
The public newspapers at Nassau announced the
fact of their arrival, specifying the place from which
they came, and the owner's name.
No other negroes were in the neighborhood of
the scene of the robbery and murder The boat in
which they were was identified as the boat taken
from St. Augustine, and the number seen on board
of her corresponded with the number that eloped.
The negroes taken on board the British vessel were
in a boat answering the description, came last from
Cape Florida, and acknowledged themselves to have
fled from St. Augustine.
The fact of their presence in Nassau, and of the
charge to which they were subject, were notorious
there before the dojijand was made; and a public
