Maich, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
249
Surrender of Fugitives—Mr. Levy.
H. of Eeps.
meeting was held, at which it is stated several thou-
sand persons were present, and by which resolu-
tions were passed, declaring that if the authorities of
the Island surrendered them, they should not be
taken away.
At the last November term of the United States
court for the southern judicial district of Florida,
held at Key West, the grand jury, after full inves-
tigation into the facts, returned indictments against
each of the negroes for murder and robbery, and
process issued for their arrest.
A requisition was made by the President upon
the British government, through her minister here,
which was transmitted to the governor of the Baha-
ma Islands, by the hands of the United States mar-
shal of South Florida, who was authorized to re-
ceive the criminals. He carried with him authen-
ticated records of the indictments and warrants, and
two respectable gentlemen as witnesses to identify
the accuscd.
Such are the general details of the case, stated as
accurately and fairly as my present imformation en-
ables me.
The only facts, however, which are, in my opin-
ion, material to the question, are the following:
Indictments were found by a grand jury, having
jurisdiction against seven persons, subjects of the
United States government for the crimes of murder
and robbery, committed within the limits of the
United States. These felons fled, after the com-
mission of the crimes alleged to them, beyond the
jurisdiction of the United States, and took refuge in
a part of the British dominions. By the treaty of
1842, between the governments of Great Britain and
the United States, it had been provided that, upon
mutual requisition, they would "deliver up to jus-
tice all persons, who, being charged with the crimes
of murder, or assault with intent to commit murder,
or piracy, or arson, or robbery, or forgery, or the
utterance of forged papers, committed within the
jurisdiction of either of the high contracting parties,
should seek an asylum, or be found within the ter-
ritories of the other."
These fugitives were "charged with the crime of
murder,51 as well as with that of "robbery," "com-
mitted within the jurisdiction of one of the high
contracting parties," (the United States.) They had
sought an asylum within the territories of the other,"
(Great Britain,) and a requisition for their "delivery
uptojdstice" was duly made by the authorities of
the United States upon those of Great Britain.
Up to this point there can be no dispute that the
casus J&deris under the treaty had arisen.
The treaty proceeds to add, as follows:
"Provided, That this should only be done upon
such evidence of criminality as, according to the
laws of the place where the fugitive or peison so
charged should be found, would justify his appre-
hension and commitment for trial, if the crime or
offence had been there committed."
The evidence of criminality offered to the British
authorities in support of the demand, consisted of
indictments regularly found by a grand jury of the
United Slates, of which government the fugitrves
were the subjects, and from whose jurisdiction they
had fled; and the process issued for their aiTest. Of
their identity no question was raised; it being well
understood that the evidence necessary for that pur-
pose was in court, ready to be produced.
The court refused to apprehend these fugitives,
thus charged; and the marshal returned without a
surrender of them to him. The grounds alleged by
the court in justification of this iefusal to apprehend,
are—
1. That "an indictment per se can never be re-
ceived as evidence upon which to commit."
'2. That "what may constitute the crime of mur-
der in Florida, may be very far from doing so ac-
cording to the British laws, or even to the laws of
the northern States of America;'1 and therefore that
they have the right to examine into the facts, and
judge the criminality for themselves; or, in other
words, to test the criminality of the acts charged by
their own laws.
OPINION OF THE COURT.
Nassau, December 29, 1843.
By the "act for giving cffcct to a treaty between
her Majesty and the United States of America, for
the apprehension of certain offenders," it is enacted
that, upon warrant given under the hand and seal of
the officer administering the government of any
colony, &c., it shall be lawful for any justice of the
peace, or other person having power to commit for
trial persons accused of crimes, to examine, upon
oath, any person or persons touching the truth of
the charge made against such offenders, and upon
such evidence as, according to the laws of her Ma-
jesty's dominions, would justify apprehension, &c.,
of the person so accused, if the crime of which he
or she shall be so accused had been there committed,
it shall be lawful for such justice of the peace, or
other persons having power to commit as aforesaid,
to issue his warrant for the apprehension of such
offender.
Had any such evidence been offered to us, wc
should, of course, have considered ourselves bound
to receive it, and to issue our warrant for appre-
hending the offenders. No viva voce evidence, how-
ever, of any kind, touching the charge, is offered to
us, but we are presented with certain indictments,
which it is stated have been found by a jury in
Florida.
Now, it is provided by the second clause of the
act, that, in every such case, copies of the deposi-
tions upon which the original warrant was granted,
certified, <fcc., may be received (is evidence, out we
are furnished with no such copies of depositions.
An indictment, per se, can never be received as e\i-
dence: it is not enough for us to know that the
American jury the parties guilty; we ought to
know the grounds upon which they thought them
guilty. What may constitute the crime of murder
m Florida, may be very far from doing so according
to the British laws, or even to the laws of the
Northern States of America. By issuing a warrant,
then, to apprehend the parties in virtue of these in-
dictments, we might be doing so on evidence which
would not justify their apprehension by the British
laws, and should thereby be proceeding in direct
violation of the act.
We profess and feel the utmost willingness to
carry the act into effect, and to aid and assist, by
every means in our power, in the apprehension of
offenders under the treaty; but being furnished with
no kind of evidence against the parties, except the
indictments alluded to, which neither the act itself
nor accordance with our own laws would justify us
in receiving, we must consider ourselves as totally
without evidence, and, however reluctantly, refuse
to issue the warrant.
J. C. LEES,
Chief Justice.
R. SANDERLAND,
Associate Justice.
P. Z. GAHAN,
Associate Justice.
As a separate and distinct proposition, the first
ground taken is, very clearly, I think, without foun-
dation in law.
But if the construction of the treaty which the
last ground implies is correct, then the indictment, it
may be conceded, would be insufficient evidence for
the surrender.
1 shall proceed to consider the proposition that an
indictment is insufficient evidence per se to "justify
apprehension and commitment for tiial," as a sub-
stantive question in British law.
The broad ground taken by the court at Nassau,
to wit, that "an indictment per se can ne\er be re-
ceived as evidence," is at onec .slid flatly refuted by
the practice and law of Great Britain, as stated by
Chitty, a British law writer, in his Treatise on
Criminal Law. The text reads thus—process for
arrest after indictment being the subject:
"If the assizes or sessions are over, and no bench
warrant has been previously applied for, tlien a
warrant from a single judge or justice of the pence
may be obtained; and m order to make the applica-
tion effectual, it must be grounded upon the certifi-
cate of the clerk that the indictment has been found
against the defendant, upon which the wairant will
be granted."—Ch. Cr. L., 342, 340.
In Mayhew vs. Parke, T. R. 110, will be found
a case m which Judge Kenyon issued a warrant for
the apprehension of a person, upon its being certified
that an indictment had been found at a general ses-
sion of Oyer and Terminer against him, for perjury;
to which indictment he had not appeared. And not
only is an indictment evidence per se for this pur-
pose; but a warrant, even, is often, m British prac-
tice, per se evidence for arrest, as is exemplified by
the backing of a warrant from county to county.
The court, then, clearly erred in their law.
But let us look to the reason of the thing, and see
whether, by the general principles of the British
law, an indictment found may, and should, proper-
ly, be regarded as sufficient to justify arrest,
A warrant to apprehend and commit is issued by
a British magistrate previous to indictment upon
what proof? Upon "an oath of circumstances af-
fording a reasonable suspicion of the guilt." Ch. Cr.
L. 34. The magistrate makes examinaton upon
oath, "to ascertain that a felony or other crime has
actually been committed, as also to prove the cause
and probability of suspecting the party against whom
the warrant is prayed." Id. 33.
By the rule of tjie British law then, proof of "a
reasonable suspicion" is the justifiable evidence upon
which apprehension is made by a British magistrate.
And this proof to show that there is "cause and
probability of suspecting" is made by ex parte affida-
vits. And if, upon the examination "there be an ex-
press charge of felony, on oath, against the prisoner,
though his guilt appear doubtful, the justice cannot
wholly discharge him, but must bail or commit
him." "And in modern practice, though exculpato-
ry evidence is received at the instance of the prison-
er, and certified with the other depositions, unless
it appear in the clearest manner that the charge is
malicious as well as groundless, it is not usual for
the magistrate to discharge him, even when he be-
lieves him to be altogether innocent." Ch. Cr.-
L. p.—
Now, then, instead of a "reasonable cause of sus-
pecting," does not the indictment furnish an absolute
cause of suspecting the guilt of the accused? Is it
not of a higher grade and quality than mere affida-
vits for arrest? Is it not an express charge of felony
on oath? Can the charge of twenty-three of the
most respectable citizens of the vicinage, made
after full examination, and acting upon the respon-
sibilities of an oath, be liable to mipeachmnt as
'groundless and malicious?"
But I will now show that, by the British lawman
indictment was the only evidence.upon which an ar-
rest could be made, until, by encroachment, the prac-
tice of arresting before indictment upon preliminary
examination grew up. That it was an indictment
alone which was considered to afford such probable
evidence of guilt as to justify arrest.
"There seems to be considerable difficulty, (says
Mr. Chitty,) in precisely ascertaining in what cases
a party suspected may be apprehended before a bill
is found against him It having been enacted by
magna charta that no one should. be taken or im-
prisoned but by the lawful judgment of his peers,
or by the law of the land, it was for some time in-
sisted that no one could be deprived of his liberty for
any offence, until after the finding of a bill against him
by a grand jury, which afforded probable evidence
that he was guilty. All the deviations from this
rule have been considered as encroachments upon the
common law. Ch. Cr. L. 12, 13.
Of so much higher degree and quality is an indict-
ment than any other evidence of probable cause to
suspect, that after finding of an indictment for mur-
der, there is no power to bail "A man charged
with murder by the verdict of the coroner's inques
may be admitted to bail, if it appear by the deposi-
tions to amount only to manslaughter, though not
after the finding of an indictment bti the grand jury
Ch. Cr. L. 129. Black. Com. 296.
The rationale of the practice which assigns to the
indictment this superior weight and value as ev-
idence for apprehension and commitment, will be
sustained by a comparison with the ordinary and
inferior rule of warrant upon affidavit. In the first
place, the inquisition is had before twenty-three of
the best and most intelligent and respectable citizens
of the neighborhood in which the offence wis com-
mited, acting under the guidance of a court of high
functions, with the advice of able counsel in the
law, and with the impressive sanctions of a grand
juror's oath fresh upon his mind. While on the
other hand, the whole proceeding is conducted by a
single magistrate, upon his own responsibility and
discretion, unaided by advice, and without any
check upon his prejudices or misjudgment. In tho
next place, the grand jury prefers a bill only upon a
clear conviction of the guilt of the accused, while a
justice acts upon reasonable suspicion of guilt only,
and cannot discharge the accused, if a charge of
guilt is made upon oath, "even when he believes him
to be altogether innocent."
Mr. Chitty, in discussing the proof necessary to
an indictment, thus lays down the rule: "Formerly,
indeed, it was laid down that the grand jury ought
to find the bill if probable evidence were adduced to
support it, because it is only an accusation, and the
prisoner will afterwards defend himself before a
more public tribunal. But great authorities have
taken a more merciful view of the- subject; and.
