CONGRESStOiJ^eiLil®.
himself; and yet this man, this traitor Brougham,
assails him because the President thinks 'there is
justice in the movement of the people of Ireland m
favor of repeal. ,
He (Mr. H.) put all abolitionists at defiance.
They sometimes appealed to the fears of the South,
and asked what the South would do if the Union
were dissolved. They asked what the South would
do, in such a contingency, for manufactures.^ To
this he would answer, in the language of Benjamin
Franklin, when a like question was proposed to
America in anticipation of her separation from Great
Britain: "We will wear our old coats over again
rather than ioge our rights." What would they do?
Why, the God of Heaven had lavished upon them
everything that a nation could want. South of Ma-
son's and Dixon's line they had sufficient bread-
stuffs to supply the wants of all their people. The
South, too, abounded in mineral wealth: all the gold
of the Union was found there; part of the lead of the
Union was found there: they had coal without limit;
and God had given them the finest harbors the
world ever saw. All the sugar, and all the tobacco,
and every other thing which brought wealth to this
country from foreign nations, was raised there; and
yet they were asked what they should do. He
would tell the House that, if they had nothing but
money to bind them to the Union, they would not
stay in it a single day: it was a love for the Union
which bound them up in the Union. They of the
South loved the Union; they never petitioned for an
abolition of the Union; they never petitioned to
break down the constitvfti&n. No, sir; they had
never sent such a petition to this House. They
were satisfied to maintain the Union, if they were
only given their rights.
Sometimes their weakness was thrown in their
face; and it had been intimated that it was intended
to make them feel their weakness: but he would
tell gentlemen who entertained such an intention,
that they had better be cautious how they attempted
to make the South feel her weakness. She had
strength, and she had power, to make it felt in other
quarters. Deny to the South justice; refuse to the
South the protection of her property; oppress the
South, and the interests of the South, with unjust
taxation,—and another quarter would be made to
feel its weakness. He would tell them, if Congress
should rise without doing justice to the South, the
day would come when they would rue it. He
called upon the democratic Congress openly, as
men, to do it: he called upon them to look to the
Constitution, before they suffered themselves to bo
led astray by treasonable fanatics. He would tell
them that, if this Congress rose without doing jus-
tice to the South, they need not be astonished if the
whole current of southern feeling should be changed.
He had barely time, as he had before intimated,
even to glance at what he wished to say; and there-
fore he must hurry on. He. would, however, re-
peat that an appeal had been made to their fears.
They had been asked what they should do in case
of invasion or of a revolution; and they of the South
answered that they had twice the strength now that
the whole Union possessed at the time of revolution.
They had now a white population of 6,000,000; but
besides, there were Indiana and Illinois close by
them, and united to them both by interest and by
feeling. Let them take care, then, lest, instead of
curtailing the limits of slavery, and bringing it mto
narrower bounds, they made those two States slave
States before long. He called upon gentlemen
around him to look out: there might be danger from
other quarters. They could not separate Indiana
and Illinois from the southern States, identified with
the South as those States were by interest and by
feeling; but there was another quarter still. They
must recollect that there was a country called Tex-
as and that country was coming home again. Texas
was willing and the South was willing, for Texas
and the South were likewise identified in feelings
and in interests; .and what God himself has bound
together let no abolitionist, either of England or
elsewhere, put asunder. Thus, then, they would
have the men of San Jacinto—tile conquerors of that
fight—by their side; and, so far from the South
having fears 011 the subject, there never "was a peo-
ple that felt more confidence than is felt now by the
people of the slave States. They could not, with all
the petitions from Massachusetts poured in
upon them, carry the abolition point in that
House; and, in the Senate, the South had one
half of its body to rely upon for protection.
But, besides these, there were the guaranties
of the constitution opposed to abolition, They could
not'break dowti the' constitution without a vote of
two-thirds; hut if even that number could be obtain-
ed, there were the decisions of the Supreme Court in
opposition to the criminal design. There was also
a strong feeling at the North against it. He found
gallant New Hampshire in the North, as true to the
constitution as the needle to the pole. But in Ohio
he could not forget how much of proper feeling ex-
isted, and he would as soon trust her as he would
Mississippi or Louisiana. In Pennsylvania, like-
wise, there was reliance for the South. Should the
South, then, not feel that she possessed strength'
The South herself was united as one man on that
subject, with perhaps one exception. [He was un-
herstood' to allude to Mr. Clingman, of North Caro-
lina.] Let the struggle, then, come when it might,
in the South there would be no distinction between
whig and democrat.
The SPEAKER announced the expiration of the
morning hour.
THE DISPUTED ELECTIONS OP FOUR STATES.
Mr. ELMER moved that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of
proceeding with the consideration of the reports of
the majority and minority of the Committee of Elec-
tions, on the case of the members from Mississippi,
Missouri, Georgia, and New Hampshire, who were
elected by general ticket.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the gentleman from
New Jersey to give way for a motion to discharge
' the Committee of the Whole from the entire sub ject,
so that it might be brought into the House and there
debated. The question of election, like a question
of privilege, ought to be decided in the House, and
not in the Committee of the Whole; he therefore
moved to discharge the Committee of the Whole.
He had no desire to cut off debate by this; for he
desired that there should be a full and free discus-
sion on the subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL agreed with the gentleman
from Virginia, that the Committee of the Whole
was not the place to discuss this question; and that
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union should be discharged from its further consid-
eration, that it might be brought mto the House;
but he would appeal to that gentleman to waive, for
the present, pressing that motion, as the House had
before it now, perhaps, one of the most important
subjects that could occupy its attention. He trusted
the gentleman would permit the discussion on this
subject (the rules) to go 011 some time longer before
lie pressed on that other question; and he trusted,
also, that the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Elmer] would not press his motion.
Mr..ELMER was understood to say that he
was willing to withdraw his motion if that should be
the sense of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK said he should vote against dis-
charging the Committee of the Whole. There
ought to be a full, fair, and free discussion; and,
though gentlemen avowed that they had no inten-
tion to abridge discussion, yet his own experience
satisfied him "that there would be the apprehension
of the gag of the previous question hanging over
them. He hoped the discussion would take place
in Committee of the Whole, where it could be more
free than in the Huuse.
Mr. G. DAVIS said he should like to hear some
reason assigned for discharging the committee.
\VL y shoufd the subject be withdrawn from the
committee before its discussion was entered upon?
It was a novel and important subject, and should
have the fullest and freest discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he would give the gentle-
man from Kentucky one reason. Questions oi
election had been determined to be questions of
privilege; and questions of privilege must always
be determined in the House, and not in committee.
He went on to explain how this point was settled
in the New Jersey case.
Mr. G. DAVIS said his friend from South Caro-
lina had given him 110 answer. In no case did the
Committee of the Whole make a decision; but it
made a report to the House, and the decision w as
in the House, and not in Committee of the Whole.
He contended that the discussion on this subjcct
should be in Committee of the Whole, where the
discussion could be carried on with more freedom
than in the House. He said there was no danger
of the minority abusing the right of debate, as the
majority could at any time take it out of the com-
mittee by a vote of two-thirds, which its majority
would enable it to do.
Mr- DROMGOOLE replied. He did not deem it
necessary to argue the' propriety of the genfle..--,..
from Kentucky going ainto" a ffiMe'aMrtit"wfisMBe
sit on tliis subject as'a House, or in Committee' of
the Whole, and which was the proper place to ide-
cide this question. The gentleman might," if-It©'
pleased, indulge the conjecture that the House
would stop the debate by the previous question: it
was not for him to say what would be the proceed-;
ings of the House; but, for himself, he had no such
intention.
He then proceeded to quote precedents to justify-
the course he had .^pointed out. And he inquired
how, in such a case as that of the gentleman from'
Virginia, [Mr. Gilmer,] if the parties interested
desired to be heard, by themselves or by counsel,
the House would hear them: would it be in com-
mittee? Certainly not; but the House would per-'
mit them to appear at its bar, under the privileges
of the House.
There had been a number of cases in which per-
sons contesting their elections had been heard by-
counsel, not in Committee of the Whole, but- at the
bar of the House; and it certainly seemed to him
that that was the proper place to decide them. The
House had to decide judicially, and the judgment
was to be recorded by the Clerk as the judicial de-
cision. It would be an amusing spectacle to see a
motion made in the Supreme Court, that it resolve
itself into a committee of the whole.
He concluded by disclaiming any idea by the mo-
tion he had made, of curtailing the privilege of de-
bate; and he protested against gentlemen preju-
dicing the decision of the House, by throwing out
insinuations to prove that the majority desired to
curb or suppress the debate.
Mr. BARNARD said he had heard nothing, not
even the report of the majority of the committee,
which had struck him with more amazement than
the speech of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Drowgoole.] The Committee of Elections, after
great deliberation, report to the House, and their
report, on their own motion, is referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
on their own motion" a day is specially set apart for
its consideration; and this was done as long as two
weeks ago, the subject remaining all the while in
Committee of the Whole; nobody anticipated such a
change as this; and now the Committee of the
Whole was to be discharged from its consideration,
and for what reason? or rather, what apology is
offered? Why, because it is said it is a question of
privilege. What privilege was it' Was it the
privilege of those members, whose seats were con-
tested, to have the House brought to a decision
whether they should be turned out their seats or
not5
It was necessary to go into Committee of the
Wholp 011 all important questions. Would it be said
that this was not an important question? He thought
they ought not to depart from the prescribed form
on this occasion, ami take the subject out of com-
mittee until they had an opportunity fully to dis-
cuss and consider it.
Mr. HOLMES said it was a custom of antiquity,
before going into the consideration of important sub-
jects. which effected the fundamental principles of
the government, for men to retire for a while to a
sanctuary, and there to divest themselves of all
prejudices, and prepare for solemn meditation.
This, he thought, would be an admirable practice
to be here adopted. What was the question which
it was now proposed should be taken from the Com-
mittee of the Whole. Was it an ordinary question
of meiim and luum—was it one of those light ques-
tions which arose and were despatched every day in
that House? He declared that he never yet came to
the consideration of any subject with a greater de-
sire for calm deliberation; for it so happened that his
particular friends, his party colleagues (if he might
use the expression,) were involved in the decision.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgooi.e]
placed the question upon a mere technicality, that
this House was a judicial tribunal, and, as such,
could not resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole. The absurdity of such a figure could not
throw ridicule upon the proposition to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole; nor would it be a sufficient
reason against going into Committee of the Whole
ff it were admitted to be a privileged question.
Mr. KENNEDY said he saw no necessity for a
further debate hi Committee of the Whole. Ho
had long since made up his mind upon the ques-
tion, and was ready to act; and he would venture
