250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 184.4.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Surrender of Fugitives—Mr. Levy.
H. of Reps.
considering the ignominy, the dangers of perjury,
the anxiety of delay, and the misery of a prison,
have argued that the grand inquest ought, as far as
the evidence before them goes, to be convinced of the
guilt of the defendant. What was, therefore, an-
ciently said respecting petit treason, may be applied
to ail other offences: that, since it is preferred in the
absence of the prisoner, it ought to be supported by
substantial testimonies—Ch. Cr. L. 318; 4 Black.
Com. 303.
Such is the practice of grand juries in the present
day, and their verdict is justly regarded as the high-
est evidence that can be made of probable guilt.
The superior, and, indeed, conclusive effect of an
indictment, as evidence upon which to arrest and
commit, is shown in the practice of the American
government, by the act of 1793, respecting fugitives
from justice. The constitution provides for the mu-
tual surrender by the States of fugitives from jus-
tice. For the purpose of cariying this clause into
effect, the act of February 12, 1793, provides for
the surrender whenever the executive of a State
shall demand a person as a fugitive from justice,
"and shall, moreover, produce the copy of an indictment
found, or an affidavit made, &c."
But, disregarding all other considerations, the
terms of the treaty are decisive upon the question of
the sufficiency of an indictment. No person will
dispute the fact, that every British court, in which
an indictment is found for an offence committed
within British jurisdiction, is bound by British law
to issue thereupon process for the apprehension and
commitment of the accused for trial, if he be not
already in custody, or to remand him for trial if he
be in custody. The indictment, then, is, in that
court, "the evidence of criminality" which doth "jus-
tify his apprehension and commitment for trial." The
provision of the treaty requires "such evidence of
criminality as, according to the laws of the place
where the fugitive or person so charged shall be
found, would justify his apprehension and commit-
ment for trial, if the crime or offence had there been
committed." The fugitives in this case were found
in the British dominions. Now, the simple ques-
tion is, would net an indictment for murder, if the
crime had been committed in Great Britain, be such
evidence of criminality as, accoiding to her laws,
"would justify their apprehension and commitment
for triaP" Would not their courts be obliged to fol-
low up an indictment by process, and apprehend
and commit the defendant Jew trial? What doubt,
then, can there be, that, upon the exhibition of an
indictment rendered in a court of this country against
a fugitive found in British territory, for a crime or
offence specified m the treaty, it is the duty of a
Bntxsh court to issue process, and apprehend and
surrender the defendant for trial5 The British judge
is plainly required by the treaty to give the same
effect to the American indictment as though the
offence charged had been committed'in Great Biit-
ain, and the indictment had been found m his own
court; and that effect would be the obligation to
3j suc process, and apprehend the offender for trial—
trial where the offence was committed.
The ridiculousness of the prctcncc that a record
of the finding of a grand jury is not sufficient ev-
idence to justify apprehension, but that the judge
must, in all cases, examine testimony for himself,
can be made quite glaring by a reflection, such as
follows: Suppose a culprit ts> have been tried in this
country, and convictcd; and after sentence, but
befuie its execution, he escape, and seek asylum in
British.terntoiy: will any mail assert the absurdi-
ty that a record of the conviction would not be suf-
ficent evidence of criminality to justify reclamation
of the fugitive' Would not the judge be laughed at
who should declare, in the words of the Nassau
court, "it is not enough for us to know that the
American jury thought the parties guilty; we ought
to know the grounds upon which they thought
them guilty;" and should require proof of criminal-
ity dehors the record of conviction' Or would that
nation be regarded as acting m good faith, which
declined to surrender a convict felon, upon the pro-
duction of the record of conviction and proof of
escape? And yet the same principle which would
govern such a case, covers the one now under re-
view. The record of conviction would carry with
it no depositions or detail of facts beyond the state-
ment of the indictment. The fact of conviction
would be only the evidence before the judge, and he
would arrest and surrender upon that evidence, be-
cause a conviction is, in British law, such evidence
as would justify commitment for punishment. Why,
then, should not the fact of indictment be sufficient
evidence for apprehension and surrender for trial, it
being likewise in British law such evidence as jus-
tifies commitment for trial? For, be it remembered
that the degree of evidence required by the treaty is
such only as "would justify commitment/or trials
(which an indictment justifies,) and is a lesser de-
gree of evidence than would justify conviction.
I come^no w to the construction of the treaty implied
in the opinion of the court, and claimed by the
British cabinet—namely, that the criminality of the
acts charged are to be tested by the British laws,
and the surrender only made, when, by their own
laws and definitions, the acts committed by the fu-
gitive would constitute a crime of the description of
one of those enumerated in the treaty.
If such were the meaning of the treaty, then I
agree that the indictment or finding of a jury could
never be sufficient basis for a demand and reclama-
tion. But can such be the legitimate construction?
Impossible.
The clause of the treaty is as follows:
"Art. 10. It is agreed that the United States and
her Britannic Majesty shall, upon mutual requisi-
tions by them, or their ministers, officers, or au-
thorities, respectively made, deliver up to justice all
persons who, being charged with the crime of mur-
der, or assault with intent to commit murder, or
piracy, or arson, or robbery, or forgery, or the ut-
terance of forced papers, committed within the ju-
risdiction of either, shall seek an asylum, or shall
be found, within the territories of the other. Pro-
vided!, That this shall only be done upon such evi-
dence of criminality as, according to the laws of the
place where the fugitive or person so charged shall
be found, would justify his apprehension and com-
mitment for trial, if the crime or offence had there
been committed; and the respective judges and other
magistrates of the two governments shall have
power, jurisdiction, and authority, upon complaint
made under oath, to issue a warrant for the appre-
hension of the fugitive or person so charged, that
he may be brought before such judges or other
magistrates, respectively, to the end that the evi-
dence of criminality may be heard and considered;
and if, on such hearing, the evidence be deemed
sufficient to sustain the charge, it shall be the duty
of the examining judge or magistrate to certify the
same to the proper executive authority, that a war-
rant may issue for the surrender of such fugitive.
The expense of such apprehension and delivery
shall be borne and defrayed by the party who makes
the requisition and receives the fugitive."
The two governments are to make mutual sur-
render—of whom? Of all persons who, being charged
with the crime of murder, &c., are found within
their respective territories. With what limitation?
That such evidence of criminality (meaning such
evidence of having done the act changed) be pro-
duced, as would justify apprehension and commit-
ment for trial, if the offence had been committed
where they are found, (meaning, if a crime of sim-
ilar degree or denomination had been committed
there.) The limitation clearly refers to the degree
and form of evidence necessary to apprehension,
and not to such as would be necessary to show the
ct iminality of the accused. It must be such evidence
as would be sufficient to justify commitment for
trial in a case of similar denomination, m the coun-
try where found—not such as would be required to
show thafethe ciime charged was a violation of the
law as existing there. It must such as in a case of
crime, regarded as murder, &c., in the country
where found, would justify arrest—not such as would
establish the crime charged to be in law a murder
there.
The main purpose of the treaty is expressed in
the body of it, to wit:—that all peisons charged with
the crime of murder, &c., by either nation, and fly-
ing to the territories of the other, should be deliver-
ed up to justice—not persons who have committed
the crime of murder, &c., nor persons guilty of the
crime of murder, &rc., but peisons "charged" with
either of the crimes specified. That is the contract
—the stipulation. Now, how far does the proviso
appended to that agreement qualify it* Certainly
not to the extent of defeating it. It must, if possi-
ble, be so construed as to consist with the stipula-
tion to which it attaches. It was meant to qualify,
not to alter, or pervert, or defeat the original pur-
pose. The intention could not have been to depart,
by the proviso, from the engagement, as stated in
the body of the clause; and the construction, there-
fore, ought not to be such as would make it repug-
nant to the proviso of the article, or render the arti-
cle inconsistent and destructive of itself. The pur-
pose of the article was to stipulate the delivery up to
justice of persons charged with crime. That consti-
tutes the leading feature—the gist of the stipulation.
The proviso means only to guard that stipulation
from abuse. "We will surrender," says one nation
to the other, "persons charged by you with the
crimes of murder, &c.; but you must satisfy us first
that the charge is not a mere pretence." This was
all right; and for this purpose no more reasonable
rule could be devised than that adopted by the pro-
viso—it being well understood by both nations that
"a reasonable cause of suspicion was sufficient to sat-
isfy that rule." The object of the limitation or pro-
viso was to prevent an abtise of the treaty by its
employment as a means to recover persons for of-
fences not comprehended in it; not to narrow the
construction of the terms used to designate the of-
fences provided for, by reducing them to the defini-
tions peculiar to the place where the fugitive might
be. It was not meant to limit or impair the force of
the words used in the stipulation, and which looks
to the charge as the sufficient ground for the delive-
ry, but only to furnish a check whereby the right
of reclamation might be limited in practice to the
six offences enumerated. Otherwise, but for this
proviso, if a person had committed treason or larce-
ny against one of the governments, and fled to the
other, the offended country would have had only to
say: "We charge this person with murder, and de-
mand his surrender;" and he must have been deliver-
ed up, and returned to be tried for treason or any
other offence he may have committed. It was as a
check upon such abuse—it was to confine the trea-
ty to the six offences enumerated—that the proviso
was added; and, for this purpose, it was a reason-
able provision, and was couched in the only sensi-
ble phraseology proper to meet the object. But had
it been designed to give to the proviso the effect
claimcd by Great Britain, what would have been its
most natural language? Something like the follow*
ing:
"Provided, That no person shall de delivered up
but for acts which, if committed in the country
where he is found, would constitute one of the
crimes specified herein."
The treaty clearly meant that persons charged
with murder, &c. in the country Jrom which he fled,
and, by consequence, with murder, &c., as under-
stood and defined in that country, should be surren-
dered; but required that a reasonable ground should
be shown for the charge, by proof of a reasonable
cause of suspicion. The words of the proviso bear
this construction by a natural and easy interpreta-
tion; and it is that which is most consistent with
the purview of the clause to which it is appended.
.Any other construction would be inadmissible, be-
cause of its inequality, as well as absurdity and im-
practicability.
With the construction claimed by Great Britain
there could never be equality between the two na-
tions in the operation of the provision, unless there
was a perfect identity and similarity in the criminal
code and practice of both, nor any regularity in its
operation, unless the policy and legislation of the
two countries were unalterably fixed, and never to
be amended. What may constitute forgery or ar-
son in one country might not in the other, and what
constituted these crimcs to-day might not to-mor-
row. Nor could there be any permanent or definite
obligation in the provision; for it might be made to
mean everything or nothing, at pleasure, and would
be open to constant evasion, without violation, at the
caprice, policy, or perfidy of either party.
Let us take up, for illustration, one or two of the
enumerated crimes: Arson, at common law, could
only be predicated of the burning of a dwelling-
house, or outhouse parcel of it. The statutes in
Great Britain extend the definition so as to include
innumerable other cases—such as the burning of
stacks of corn, granaries, cotton-mills, timber, arse-
nals, &c. So, also, in this country, the statutes of
twenty-six different States give infinite variety to the
definition of arson.
Forgery, at common law, was a mere misde-
meanor. The statutes make it felony, and give to
it an inconceivably infinite extension of application.
Piracy, at common law, was confined to those acts
of robbery and depredation upon the high seas,
which, if committed upon land, would have amount-
ed to felony. By sundry statutes, nine or ten oth-
er acts, not comprehended in that definition, are dc-
ciaredjto be piracy in England* Ai}d so also ii]
