CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.
the assertion that there was no man on that iioor,
with the exception, perhaps, of his friend from
South Carolina, whose mind was not already
made up.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina expressed
the opinion that the minds of all the members were
not made up; and that many of them wished to have
the subject discussed.
Mr. .KENNEDY said that the gentleman might
be right, and that the minds of many were not made
up; but he would venture to make one prediction,
and that was, when the vote <$me to be taken, all
the whig members would vote against the gentlemen
who were elected under the general-ticket system,
and all the democratic members would vote for
them. Pie saw no use in a protracted discussion.
The people would much rather they would act. The
subject had been amply discussed when the law was
passed; and subsequently as amply discussed before
the people, who fully understood it, and had de-
cided on it He denied that the present majority of
the House had shown any disposition to curtail dis-
cussion, or infringe the rights of the minority; and he
appealed to the candor of the old whig members to
say if the last Congress was not more obnoxious to
the charge than the present one. He was here at
the time of the passage of this mandamus act, and
remembered the time allotted by the majority for the
discussion of it. He also referred to the hot haste in
which the same majority hurried through the bank
bill, without allowing an hour's debate on it. He
repeated that his mind was made up; and he be-
lieved the minds of a majority were also made up,
and saw no good that could arise from a further dis-
cussion.
Mr. HALE said that this preliminary discussion
kept off the discussion that must ensue on the main
question; and, as he was anxious for that to com-
mence, he would, for the purpose of bringing it on,
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered—ayes 80, noes 63.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays
on the main question, which was as follows : Shall
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections?
And the yeas and nays being ordered,
The roll was called, and the vote taken; but be-
fore it was announced by the Chair,
Mr. CAMPBELL raised the point of order,
whether the gentlemen whose seats were contested
could vote 011 this question, inasmuch as they were
interested.
Mr. PAYNE called the gentleman to order, and
demanded the annunciation of the vote.
The CHAIR said he saw nothing in the present
question to which the rule could apply.
Mr. A. Y. BROWN said he would remind the
Speaker and the gentleman from South Carolina,
that if the interest mentioned was such an one as to
exclude members from voting, it excluded every
member of this House. Not one could vote; for all
were interested, all having been referred to the com-
mittee, and the claim of all to membership had been
reported on. His motion, therefore, was impossi-
ble of execution, or it would take the whole subject
from before Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL begged the Chair to decide
his point whether the gentlemen were entitled to
vote.
Mr. HARALSON wished to call attention to 
The CHAIR interposed, and said there was
no question before the House.
Mr. SCHENCTC wished to make an inquiry, tlu>t
he might know whether he ought to appeal. He
understood the gentleman from South Carolina to
object to the counting of the votes of certain gentle-
men on this floor, (the gentlemen from Mississip-
pi, Missouri, Georgia, and New Hampshire,) and
ie understood the Speaker to decide that those gen-
tlemen were not so interested as to disqualify them
from voting. If that was. the decision of the Chair,
he should appeal.
After some conversation between the CHAIR
(Mr. Beardslet) and Mr. CAMPBELL,
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia rose to a question of
order. It was not m order for the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. J. Campbell] to raise his
question at the time he did, and hence no question
arising oat of it was in order. At the time the gen-
tleman from South Carolina made his point, the
House was voting, (forthe yeas and nays w«?re being
¥
h<
taken,) and it was the bounden duty of the Speaker
to pronounce the decision of the House, before any
other business could be in order. Then, as the
point of the gentleman from South Carolina could
not properly intervene, the appeal of the gentleman
from Ohio must fall with it.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called the gentleman from
Georgia to order, for no debate was in order when
the previous question was called.
Mr. BLACK said he was not debating the ques-
tion; he simply rose to a point of order, which he
was stating.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
appeal of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. HARALSON said he had a decision in
point, made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
in the celebrated New Jersey case, this very ques-
tion being then under consideration before the 26th
Congress. Mr. Adams, then m the chair, made the
decision, which he would send to the Clerk to be
read, as, by the rules of the House, he could not be
allowed to speak. It was read as follows:
"The chairman (Mr. Adams) here stated what he
conceived to be the rule. He conceived the rule to
be that the persons who presented the evidence re-
quired by the constitution of the United States and
the laws of the State of New Jersey, were entitled to
sit and vote in the House until deprivedfrom doing so by
the act of the House. This was his opinion, and he
Expressed himself with the more confidence, because
he had declared it before he was placed by a vote of
the House in the chair he now occupied."
"The Chair decided that the live members from
New Jersey, who were commissioned by the gov-
ernor, were not prohibited from voting under that
rule; they themselves were not immediately and
personally interested; it was their constituents only
who were interested."
Mr. COBB inquired if the appeal was debatable.
(Cries of "No, no.")
Mr. J. CAMPBELL said it was debatable,
according to decisions made during the present
session.
Mr. COBB said, if it was debatable, he desired to
siiow his right to vote on this or any other question
coming before this House.
Mr. BLACK again urged his point of order.
The CHAIR decided that the appeal was in order.
Mr. BLACK inquired if the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Campbell] had made any
distinct motion before the appeal was taken. He
understood the Chair to say that there was nothing
before the House to which the appeal could apply.
The CHAIR reiterated the decision.
Mr. G. DAVIS was understood to call for the
reading of another precedent set by the New Jersey
case.
The Clerk read it accordingly; and it was under-
stood to show that Messrs. Halstead, Stratton, and
Yorke, of New Jersey, were not counted on a vote.
Mr. DROMGOOLE explained that, at that time,
the gentlemen from New Jersey had not been quali-
fied, or recognised as members on this floor.
Some further conversation ensued between Messrs.
G. DAVIS, DROMGOOLE, and CAMPBELL.
Mr. HUNT called for the yeas and nays on the
appeal, and they were ordered; and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BLACEC rose, when his name was called, and
said the question he understood to be, whether cer-
tain members elected by general ticket had the right
to vote; believing in his own right to do so, he voted
"ay."
Mr. SCHENCK wished to raise the question
whether the gentlemen from the four States should
vote.
[Cric-:. of "Go on!'1 "Go on!1' "Call the roll!"]
The Clerk accordingly proceeded with the call.
And the question on the appeal resulted—yeas
117, nays 5'2, as follows :
YEAS—Mc^r?. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack,
Edward J. Black, James Black, James A. Black, Black-
well, Bossier, Bower. Jacob Bnnkerhofi, Brodhead, Aaron
V. Brown, WiUiam J. Brown, Burke, Biut, Caldwell,
Catlm, Reuben Chapmen, Augustus A, Chapman, Chap-
pell. Clinton, Cobb, Coles. Cro^s, Dana, Daniel, Richard 1).
Davis, John W. Davis, Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Far<ee, 1- icklin, Foster, French,
Gilmer, Byram Green, Hale, Harr.lm, Haralson, Hays, Hen-
Icy, Hcrnck, Holmes, Hopkins, X-Iouston, Hubbeli. Hughes,
Hungeifurd, James B Hunt, Charles J. Inger?oll, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, A. Johnson, G.W.Jones, Kennedy, Preston
King, Kirkpatnck, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin,
jMcCauslin, Aiaclay, Met lelland, McClernand, McConnell,
McDowell, McKaj , Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norris, Owen,
rarmenter. Payne, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun,
David S. Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Robmson, Russell, Saunders,
Thomas H. Sej mour, Da"ud L. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes, Tay-
lor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, WeJler, "Wentworth,
Wheaton, Williams, Wilkins, Wise, Woodward, Joseph A.
Wright and Yost—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer, Bar-
nard, Belser, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffrngton,
Campbell, Carroll, Chilton, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston,
Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Fish,
Florence, Frick, Giddings, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Har-
per, Hudson, W. Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson,
Daniel P. King, Mcllvame, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Mose-
ley, Nes, Newton, Patterson, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter,
Ramsey, Rayner, Charles M. Read, Rockwell, Rogers,
Sample, ScheHck, Senter, Severance, Albert' Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Andrew Stewart, Summers, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vanmeter, White, and William Wright—52.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained by the
judgment of the House.
The vote was then announced on discharging the
Committee of the Whole, and resulted—yeas 107,
nays 72, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Beardsley, Benton,
Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Bower. Boyd, Jacob Brinkerho/T, Brodhead,
Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke. Burt, Cald-
well, Campbell, Gary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dan©,
Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Elmer,
Farlee, Foster, French, Frick, Gilmer, Byram Green, Hale,
Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Hays, I-Ierrick, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Hubbeli, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Chas. J. Inger^oll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W.Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Kiikpatrick,
Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maclay,
McClellan, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay,
Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Paj ne, Emery D.
Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Hitter, Robin-
son, Russell, Saunders, Simpson, John T. Smith,'1 homas
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart,
Stiles, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tucker, Weller,
Wentworth, Wheaton, Williams, Wilkins, Jos. A. Wright,
and Yost—107,
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Baker Barringer, Barnard, Bel-
ser, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Bufiington. Carroll,
Chappell, Chilton, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Garrett
Davis, Richard D. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickin-
son. Fish, Florence, Giddings, Grinnell, Grider, Harper,
Holmes, Hudson, W. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoil, Irvin,
Jenks, P. B Johnson, Daniel P. King. Lewis, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse. Moseley, Nes, Newton,
Parmenter, Patterson, Peyton, Elisha R. "Potter, Ramsey,
Rayner, Charles M. Read, Relie, Rockwell, Rogers, Sam-
ple, Schenck, Senter, Severance, David L. Seymour, Albert
Smith, Caleb B Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Stone,
Summers, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter,
White, Winthrop, Wise, Woodward, and Wm. Wright—-72.
Mr. ELMER then moved a postponement of the
subject until to-morrow morning.
Mr. CAMPBEEL proposed that it be postponed
until to-morrow week.
The postponement being objected to,
Mr. BELSER asked for the reading of the reso-
lution reported by the minority; which having been
read,
Mr. BELSER moved that it be substituted for the
resolution of the majority.
Mr. ELMER said that motion might be made
when the gentleman should come into possession of
the floor in the regular course of debate. He pro-
posed now to offer a few observations upon the re-
port made by the Committee of Elections, which
committee had been instructed to examine and report
whether all the members of this House had been
legally returned. The committee had examined the
credentials of the several members, and also the
law under which they claimed to be elected; and
they found certain members, sitting in that House,.
who had been elected under the system provided by
the act of 1842; and certain others, who were
not elicited in conformity with that law, but in
conformity with the existing laws of the several
States which they claim to represent; which laws
were enforced previous to the passage of the act of
Congress of 1842. The committee had inquired as
to whether that act of Congress was or was not a
constitutional Jaw—whether it was such a law as, by
its own operation, repeals and makes void the laws
of the States which stand in opposition to it. The
majority of the committee deeming this a fair subject
for their inquiry and for the consideration of the
House, had thought it right to bring the question
directly before the House; and they accordingly
reported a resolution, declaring that the sec-
ond section of the act which apportions the repre-
sentation among the several States, was not a law
mode in pursuance of the constitution, and was not
valid and binding upon the States. In that resolution
he concurred, after the most careful, deliberate, and
unbiased consideration which he could give to it.'And
concurring in this proposition, he rose now to
give the reasons which had brought him to
that conclusion. He rose to give his reasons,
for holding that the law of Congress was not
such a constitutional law as did repeal and
