March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Surrender of Fugitives—Mr. Levy.
H. of Reps.
this country, many acts, beyond the original mean-
ing, are declared to be piracy by special statutes.
And not only is there this variety of definition as
between the two countries, but the seperate legisla-
tion of twenty-six States makes the conflict and con-
fusion still greater.
Now how would it be possible to give any use-
ful, sensible, or practical operation to the treaty, if
only such acts would constitute arson, or forgery,
or piracy, within its meaning, as were so denomi-
nated at the place where the fugitive was found.
One of the acts constituting arson in England, might
not be arson in the State of New York. Another
of the varieties of British arson, might not be arson
in South Carolina; and so in each of the other
States. Thus it might be, that in one or other of
these States a safe sanctuaiy would be found for
persons committing arson in any of its varieties in
Great Britain. So with the other offences. And so
too, upon our part, many acts of a most dangerous
or hurtful character, and very much conflicting with
the policy of the nation, or of some particular State,
might be, in Great Britain, very much in conformi-
ty with her policy, and be no offence at all; and in
all such cases the treaty would be wholly inopera-
tive. For instance: in Great Britain it is punisha-
ble with death to forge a marriage license, or to
forge the stamp on playing cards, plate, paper, &c.
It is also forgery, and punishable with death, to
make paper with the watei mark "excise" therein.
Now, these acta may be all very detrimental in then-
relation to the policy of Great Britain, and therefore
proper to be dealt with as crimps; but they are not
crimes in any of our States; and according to the
British construction, fugitives charged with these
offences, or the hundred others which in Great Bri-
tain constitute forgery, could not be surrendered.
In England, it is consistent with her policy to en-
courage the circulation of private bank notes; and
the alteration or counterfeiting of them may be
therefore a forgery very necessary to be suppressed.
In many of the States of this country the circulation
of private bank notes is expressly prohibited, and it
would not be forgery to counterfeit them. Now a
person, after committing what would be a very se-
rious and dangerous act of forgery in England,
might, by their construction, fly to one of these
States, and find secure asylum.
The construction which claims that the criminali-
ty of the acts charged must be tested by British law,
when the fugitive is found in Biitish territory, if
tiue at dll, must, it seems to me, be true to its full
extent. The fugitive must be criminal by British
law. And this would lead to the absurdity that the
tenth article of the treaty would be wholly inopera-
the. As thus: what is a crime, considered with ref-
erence to human government* It is an offence
against the laws made to preserve the public and so-
cial rights. Now, a violation of a law of America
foibiddmg homicide, is no violation against Brit-
ish law, and no British court could take cogni-
zance of it. Why5 Because the laws of Great
Britain do not forbid homicidc in Amenca; and
a homicide in America is, theiefoie, no crime
in Gicat Britain. If, tbeiefore, a pei&on com-
mit a homicidc in America, could he be com-
mitted for trial in Great Britain? No: because he
has offended no law of Great Biitain, and could not
be tried there* Could he be surrendered for trial
in America? According to their construction, no:
for as he could not be apprehended and committed
for trial there, (the violation of the Amencan law
which foi bids homicide not being criminal by the
laws of that place,) he could not be surrendered for
trial heie. The treaty could therefore never ope-
rate.
Again: Suppose a person in British territoiy
were to murder a man m American territory—as,
for instance, a person standing on the Canada side of
the boundary, and shooting a person in Maine:
could he be surrendered? By the British construc-
tion he could not. He has not killed any person
within British jurisdiction, and could not thcrefoie
be tried for any offence there. He is not ciiminal
by their laws; for their laws do not forbid murder
in America. Nor could he be delivered up to be
tried here; for the act was committed while he was
in the country in which he was found, and it was not
a crime by their laws.
All these absurdities (extreme applications of their
construction I admit) flow from the construction
that the laws of the country where found, must be
the test of the criminality which is to determine the
duty under the treaty.
But the construction claimed by Great Britain is
further inadmissible, because it is contrary to the
laws of nations, and also to British laws.
The extent to which the laws of nations go in
respect to the obligation to surrender fugitives from
justice, has been, m some degree, a question of dis- i
cussion. The existence of the obligation is denied |
by few, the extent of it only being disputed; and I
those who deny the obligation, admit the practice,
but rest it upon comity, to be exercised upon discre-
tion, or regulated by treaty. It is well settled, how-
ever, that the protection of an offender justifies war.
Grotius asserts the obligation to its fullest extent;
but concedes that, in modern times, the right of de-
manding fugitives has, in most parts of Europe,
been confined, in practice, to crimes that concern the
public safety, or which were of great atrocity; and
that lesser offences were rather connived at, unless
some special provision, as to them, existed by trea-
ty. Vattel, Martiqui, Heineccius, Burlamaen, and
Rutherforth, concur with Grotius in regarding it as
a su-ict obligation, and constituting a part of the law
and usages of nations. Voet remarks that> under
the Roman empire, this right of having a criminal
remitted for trial to the proper forwn criminis, was
unquestionable, in Great Britain the law of nations
has been decided to be a part of the common law of
the land, and the doctrine of Grotius has been fully
lecogmsed and practised upon by their courts,
whose decisions may be regarded as declaratory of
the public law. In the cases of Hutchinson, 3 Keb.
785; of Col. Lundy, 2 Vent. 314; of Kimberly, Str.
848; of Campbell, 1 Ves. 246; of Mure vs. Ivayc, 4
Taunt. 34, the doctrine of the obligation to sur-
render fugitives from abroad has been fully admit-
ted and practised upon. Wynne, m his treatise on
the law and constitution of England, (Eunomus,
Dialog. 3 s. 67,) observes that "if, from the very
nature of society, subjects are answerable to their
own nation for their criminal conduct, by the law of
nations they may be justly demanded of foieign
States to which they fly, and the refusal of delivering
them up is a just cause of war." And he observes
further, that, to prevent protection of fugitives by
clauscs a in treaty, only operates as a recognition, not
a creation, of ri&ht. In the ease of Ball, before the
court of King's bench in Montreal, Ch. J. Rcid
implicitly assoits the obligation to surrender as a
part of the laws of nations, and practice of Great
Britain. His opinion at large is published m 1
American Jurist, 297.
In this country, the question as to the extent and
imperiousness of the obligation may be regarded as
open. In the case of Washburn, (4 Johns, Ch. R.
106,) Chancellor Kent, after reviewing at large all
the authoiities upon the subject, and referring to the
writers upon public law, and to the decisions of
British courts, decided that "it is the law and usage
of nations to deliver up offenders charged with felo-
ny and other high ciinies, and who have fled fiom
the countries in which the crimes were committed
into a foreign and friendly jurisdiction.1' in the,
case of Deacon, Jud^e Tilghinan declined to sur-
lendcr, and took ground against the duty ofdelivci-
ing up fugitives as a matter of obligation. But even
there, the case turned lathci upon the question of
the light of a court to decree surrender, without de-
mand of the go\emment of the fugitive, and requisi-
tion from the executive authority. The application
for suiiender was, in that case, altogether at the in-
stance of a private individual. In the case of Jose
Ferreira Jos Santos, 2 Brockenhrnugh, 492, the in-
clination is with the Pennsylvania case. In the Su-
preme Court of the United States, the question is an
open one. It came incidentally under discussion m
the case of Holmes, 14 Peters R. 540. In that case,
the governor of Veimont had decided, after full hear-
ing, in favor of the duty to surrender Holmes, who
was demanded as a fugitive from Canada. The
case was brought up to the Supreme Court upon the
question of the right of a State to surrender a fugi-
tive, it being contended that, by the adoption of the
constitution, the power of suircnder vested in the
government of the Union exclusnely. The couit
having divided equally upon a preliminary question
of jurisdiction, the case was dismissed without de-
cision upon its merits.
The current of practice, so far as the Executive De
partment of the government is concerned, has indi-
cated an inclination against the acknowledgment of
the duty of aurrendfr as an obligation, On the oc-
casion of a request made by the governor of South
Carolina, in 1791, that the President of the United
States would demand of Governor Q,uesada certain
persons who had committed crimes in that State, and
fled to Florida., Mr. Jefferson declined to makfc the
demand, upon the ground that no authority had
been given to the executive by the laws of the United
States to deliver up fugitives, and that, therefore, as
reciprocity could not be practised, he thought it im-
proper to demand a surrender from the governor of
Florida. In giving his reply, he evidendy exhibits
an inclination against the policy. So, in the year
1793, in answer to an application from Mr. Genet,
the French minister, Mr. Jefferson exhibited the
same inclination. With the instructions given by
Mr. Jefferson to Messrs. Carmichael and Short,
commissioners to treat with Spain in 1792, there is a
paper setting forth the views of the administration
in respect to the subject of the surrender of fugitives.
The paper is entitlea "Heads of consideration on the
establishment of conventions between the United
States and their neighbors for the mutual delivery
of fugitives from justice;" and is published in vol. I,
American State Papers, Foreign Relations. The
opinion there expressed is, that murder is the only
crime "of sufficient atrocity to justify the surrender of
a fugitive for punishment; all other offences being
sufficiently punished by voluntary exile. MrvMon-
roe, as Secretary of State under Mr. Madison, in his
instructions to our commissioners at Ghent, eisserts
the inclination of his opinion against the surrender
of fugitive criminals, "except in compliance with
tieaties or by favor.1' And it must be conceded that
the current of popular sentiment in this country is
against the practice of surrender, except by treaty
or as a comity of nations. The modern practice of
Europe, as indicated by their laws and conventions,
is in favor of a liberal recognition of the duty of sur-
render.
Upon a fair review of the whole subject, the con-
clusion is, that the practice of surrender of fugitives
from justice, upon the demand of the country whose
laws they have violated, is a national duty, especial-
ly in cases of atrocity. That the principal difficulty,
m the absence of positive agreement, consists m
drawing the line between the class of offences to
which the usage of nations applies. That, as be-
tween those who differ as to the duty, the question
is one principally of degree; the majority regarding
it as a positive and strict obligation, the others as
lesting upon comity, and to be regulated in practice
by a just national discretion or by convention. The
moral duty to surrender its well founded in general
piinciples. Nations are bound to observe towards
cach other all the duties which the safety and advan-
tage of society lequire. They are bound to respect
and sustain the existing institutions, and to contrib-
ute to the security, peacefulnesp, and happiness, of
each other, so far as their own domestic action may,
without injury to themselves, bear upon these ends.
They are bound to protect and promote the interests
of humanity and society in all the world; and this is
best done by sustaining the existing order of society,
and by aiding all others in punishing and prevent-
ing violations of their internal peace and policy.
But it is immaterial whether the practice of sur-
render is based upon strict obligation, or national
comity only. When once it is regulated by treaty,
defining the crimes to which the obligation, or the
comity, shall extend, or be limited, it is a recogni-
tion of the law of nations to the extent of the pro-
vision, and is subject in its operation to the usages
of nations. And what does this usage demand?
Bartholus, cited in Henry on foieign law, says that
the fugitive criminal must be tried by the laws of
the place where the crime was committed. "Delic-
ta puniuntur juxta mores tcci ccmmbsi delicti, cl non
loci ubi de crimine cognoscifur." Grotius (book 2, c.
21, sec. 6) says, "if the acts of which refugees and
suppliants are accused, are not prohibited by the
law of nature or of nations, the matter must be de-
cided by the civil law of the country from which they
come;1' and the same will be found to be the spirit
of all writers upon public law. It is evident, then,
that the construction contended for by Great Britain
would be contrary to the Jaws and usage of nations,
and cannot be regarded as correct, if the words of
the treaty will admit of a construction consistent
with those laws and usages, which they cleaily do.
But it is contrary, also, to the British law and
practice, to which it is fair to make reference in giv-
ing construction to a stipulation to which that gov-
ernment is a party, and which was intended to be
m aid of the law of nations. In the case of Mure
vs. Kaye, (4 Taunt. R. 43,) Heath J. says: "It
has generally been understood that wheresoever a
crime has been committed, the criminal is punisha-
ble according to the lex loci of the country against the
law ff which the crime has been committed^ and by the
comity of nations, the country in which the criminal
