238
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial, signed
by James McConnell and a number of citizens of
Bakerstown and vicinity, in Alleghany county, Pa.,
remonstrating against die admission of Texas into
the Union: ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial from William D. MeMurtie,
who was appointed a member of the scientific corps
of the exploring expedition, asking remuneration
for his losses sustained in consequence of the revo-
cation of that appointment: referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial from the Delaware Insurance
Company of Philadelphia, stating that, in the course
of business, they purchased a $500 treasury note,
which was one of those abstracted from the mail;
and asking Congress to make provision for its pay-
ment: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, the memorial of Lardner Vanuxem, in be-
half of the heirs of James Vanuxem, a merchant of
Philadelphia, who lost property by the depredations
of the French, prior to 1800, praying Congress, if
they cannot appropriate money for the payment of
the claim now, to take measures to collect and pre-
serve the evidence of such claims: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a memorial and
joint resolutions, adopted by the legislature of In-
diana, instructing the senators, and requesting the
representatives from that State to use every reasonable
exertions to procure liberal appropriations for the
construction of the Cumberland road in Indiana.
Also, joint resolutions adopted by the said legis-
lature, setting forth the fact that a number of the
bridges oil the Cumberland road are in such a dilapi-
dated condition that there is great danger of their fall-
ing down, and obstructing the carrying of the mail;
and instructing the senators and requesting the rep-
resentatives to use their influence to procure an ap-
propriation to prevent such an occurrence: referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. TALLMADOrE presented a petition from
Alien Monroe and other citizens of the town of
Eldridge, in the county of Onondaga, New York;
and a petition from S. Williams and other citizens
of the town of Newburg, New York, praying for
a reduction of the rates of postage, and a restriction
or the abolition of the franking privilege; which
were referred to the Committtee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a memorial from
Charles H. Witherbee and others, praying that a
pension may he granted to Elizabeth Barrows, the
widow of Peter Barrows, a soldier of the revolution;
and a petition from Eunice Sawtell, the widow of
Jonas Sawtell, praying a pension for the revolution-
ary services of her husband; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SIMMONS presented a memorial from Aud-
ley Clark and other citizens of Newport, Rhode Isl-
and, praying Congress to adopt such measures as
will secure to them separation for French spoliations
prior to 1800: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. PORTER presented a petition from Eunice
Pawling, widow of the late Colonel Albert Pawling,
of the revolution, asking the commutation pay to
which he was entitled: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Also presented joint resolutions, adopted by the
legislature of Michigan, instructing the senators and
requesting the representatives from that State to co-
operate Willi tile senators and representatives of
other States interested in the accomplishment of
such a work, to procure an appropriation from Con-
gress to have constructed by the general government
a ship canal around the falls of St. Mary river.
Mr. PORTER made some remarks, not distinct-
ly heard, on the importance of the work in a na-
tional point of view. He was understood to say
that the Committee on Roads and Canals have al-
ready had the subject referred to it, oil several me-
morials, and had delayed action upon it, until the
legislature of Michigan (before which he knew these
resolutions were pending, on a difference of opin-
ion as to the best mode to have the work accom-
plished) had disposed of them. On his motion, the
resolutions were referred to the same committee, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN presented reroiutions adopted
by the Legislature of Georgia, expressive of
the opinion of that body on the amendment
proposed to the constitution of the United
States by the Legislature of Massachusetts—that
is, so to amend that instrument, as to disallow
slave le presentation. The Legislature of Georgia,
after considering the recommendation, resolved, that
the constitution of the United States was the result
of mutual concessions and compromises among the
several States; that the federal basis, as established
by that instrument, was a concession to the slave-
holding States of the Union; and that any attempt
now to strike from that instrument that feature, would
be a gross violation of the faith plighted upon its
adoption.
Op motion, read and ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also presented resolutions adopted by
the legislature of that State, declaring that it is
inexpedient to 'abolish the franking privilege, and
requesting the senators and representatives from
that State to procure the passage of a law re-
ducing the rates of postage: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and or-
ordered to be printed.
BONDS OF COLLECTORS.
On motion of Mr. BARROW, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill to repeal the existing law which
gives collectors of the customs three months to fur-
nish bond and security for the faithful discharge of
the duties of their office.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which the memorial of the general
assembly ofMissouri upon the subject was referred,
reported a bill to authorize the school trustees, or
other lawful authorities having charge of the subject
of common schools, of surveyed township 48 in
range 18 west, in the county of Cooper, and State of
Missouri, to enter a section of land in lieu of section
16, in said township, for the use of schools; which
was read, and ordered to.fi second reading; and the
report accompanying ordered to be printed.
SOLICITOR OF THE GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee oil Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of abolish-
ing the office of the solicitor of the General Land
Office.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance, to
which was referred House bill authorizing the Pres-
ident of the United States to make a transfer of ap-
propriations in the naval service, under certain cir-
cumstances, reported the same back without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass.
On motion by Mr, E., the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the Senate took up the
bill, as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BAYARD observed that he did not wish to
say anything against the passage of this bill; but
he should be very glad to have an opportunity of
expressing the feelings of indignation which he en-
tertained in relation to the constraint which was
thus put upon Congress for making appropriations
for objects which were not designed, and for taking
from the legislative branch of the government the
power of making appropriations, by this species of
executive usurpation. It was monstrous, and one
of those things which would never be tolerated un-
der any other form of government. It was one of
those propositions which the British Parliament, in
a resolution which passed that body, declared to be
a matter meriting impeachment. He hoped that
such a resolution as this might be passed in the
House of Representatives, and that a check would
thus be imposed upon this kind of executive usurp-
ation. At some other time, he would take occasion
to express his feelings on this matter, and his opin-
ion in regard to the policy of diverting appropria-
tions, made by the legislative department for par-
ticular purposes, to others not designed, and thus"
compelling Congress to advance money which it was
never designed should be otherwise used than in the
manner specified. He had no objection to this bill,
guarded as it was in its language. It was against
the general policy of bills of this kind he argued;
and lie had merely expressed his indignation on the
subject of executive usurpation over the rights of
Congress.
Mr. EVANS remarked that he did not consider
it worth while to say anything about these objec-
tions, since it was evident that the senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] did not thoroughly under-
stand the purpose of the bill. By the late report of
■)he Secretary of the Navy, it seemed that the ap-
propriation for the increase and repair of the navy,
for 1843-4, passed at the last session of Congress,
had been found inadequate for the purpose for
which it was designed.
Mr. E. here read the following passage from the
report:
"The appropriation for in #-ease, repairs, &c., for
the year 1843-4, having been heavily drawn upon
in payment of contracts made, and in the execution
of plans, and the completion of works in progress
anterior to the commencement of the present fiscal
year, it was deemed necessary, in October last, to
discharge a large portion of the persons^ employed
under this head; leaving, however, it is believed,
enough of funds unexpended to meet most of the
outstanding demands against the department, charge-
able to this appropriation. The act of Congress of
the 31st August, 1842, which forbids the transfer of
appropriations from one to another branch of ex-
penditure in this department, has operated injudi-
ciously. Were these transfers permitted, it is be-
lieved that sufficient means might be found among
the various balances of appropriations to pay most,
if not all, needful outlays in the fitting, completing,
and repairing of vessels, and for payments on un-
completed contracts; and I am fully persuaded that
the public interests would be promoted were Con-
gress to authorize these transfers early in the ensu-
ing session."
That was to say—that the appropriation made was
exhausted in meeting other contracts. Congress did
not appropriate enough to meet the outstanding
liabilities. Other branches of the service consumed
the greater part of the appropriations. There was
still a considerable sum left, (§200,000,) under other
heads, which might be made use of, for the object
designed by this bill. He was in favor of restrict-
ing these appropriations to specific objects; but be-
fore making them, the objects should be looked into,
so as to make the appropriations adequate to those
objects. He did not wish, however, to have the
morning hour consumed in the discussion of this
matter.
Mr. HUNTINGTON wished to say a single
word. His object, in rising, was not to object to the
passage of the bill; but he was unwilling to let that
occasion pass without expressing his views in rela-
tion to the expenditure, by the departments, of appro-
priations made by law lor one specific object, for
other objects not designed by law; and thus making
the departments the appropriating body, instead of
Congress. It was well-known that this appropri-
ation was made by Congress for a specific object.
If a sufficient amount had not been appropriated to
accomplish that object, let the demand be made for
a new appropriation; and not be put in the. form of
asking Congress to take from one branch of the
naval service, to apply to another. This would be
in conformity with the spirit and the letter of the
restriction placed by the act of Congress, of 1842,
upon the Navy Department. He hoped this would
be done; and he suggested to the senator from Maine
[Mr. Ev 4ws] the propriety of such a eomse.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped that there was no ob~
jection to this bill, and that it might he suffered to
pass, before the whole morning hour should be con-
sumed. Whilst the Senate was talking about the bill,
against which he had not heard a single reasonable
objection advanced, many laborers belonging to the
navy-yards were destitute, and almost starving for
want of employment,
Mr. BAYARD ofcseived that it was the condition
of these people, as represented by his friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] which induced him
to give his vote for the passage of the bill. It was
not out of kindness to the departments. Nothing
else but the destitute condition of these laborers
would induce him to adopt such a course. He did
it foi the benefit of persons of this kind who were in
the public employment; and not from any confidence
he had in that branch ot the administration. It was
the principle thus established by the action of the
departments (of thwarting the legislation of Con-
gress) to which he was opposed. It was one of the
modes by which the executive branch of the govern-
ment usurped legislative powers. He did hope, to
prevent such encroachments in future, that Congress
would not depend upon the uncertain remedy of im-
peachment, but that they would provide a penalty to
be inflicted on any officer who would thus wantonly
disregard the laws of Congress. Such conduct as
.had bean alluded to should be punished with a
snocific penalty. Tt should be made a penitentiary
offence. Until something of this kind was done,
they would never be able to arrest this tendency to-
wards executive usurpation.
