CONGRESSIONAL
. Mr. KING-said he did not know why the honor-
able senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayarij] had ex-
pressed so much indignation, on a mere proposition
to transfer from one branch of naval service, an ap-
nriation more thaq. sufficient for the exigencies
at branch, to another for which it was absolute-
ly necessary. The appropriation heretofore made
was found insufficient to accomplish the object for
which it was designed; and, consequently, great num-
bers of workmen were thrown out of employment.
It was now proposed to transfer from another head
of appropriation, where it was not wanted, a sum
sufficient for that purpose. Was that a proposi-
tion to give rise to indignation? Was it an evidence
of mi-administration? Or were the gentleman's
strictures of a general nature?
Mr. BAYARD said, in reply, that he had only
thrown out those views in reference to the subject-
matter of the bill. He had expressed himself wil-
ling to vote for its passage, and he did not object
particularly to this bill.
Mr. KING remarked that he now understood
that the gentleman's indignation did not apply to
this bill; but that it was of a more general character.
He would not detain the Senate, as the senator's re-
marks were only applicable to an imaginary case,
and were not intended to operate' against this bill.
* He (Mr. K.) would vote for the bill.
There being no amendment to the bill, it was re
ported to the Senate, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which had been referred the petition of
James Smalley and others upon the subject, report-
ed a bill for the payment of the 4th regiment in the
2d brigade of the 3d division of the Vermont mili-
tia, for services at the battle of Plattsburg; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr D., from the same committee, to which had
been referred the petition of George Tyler, and
other citizens of Vermont, praying compensation
for services randered at Plattsburg during the war,
made an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
Leah Gray, for a pension: referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. COLQJJITT, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of Philip C. S. Barbour, praying confirma-
tion of title to certain lands; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of Hiram
March; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. ATCHISON presented further documents in
support of the claims of Mr. Myerle, a naval con-
tractor; which were referred to the Committeee oil
Naval Affairs.
THE TARIFF—THE COMPROMISE ACT.
The CHAIR announced the unfinished business
—being the resolution of the Committee on Finance
for the indefinite postponement of the bill introduced
by Mr. McDdffie, for reducing the rates of du-
ties under the present tariff to the standard of the
compromise act.
Mr. WOODBURY addressed the Senate for
two hours. He stated that he was one of the
committee to whom the bill introduced by the hon-
orable senator from South Carolina, and now under
consideration, was referred. He did not agree with
the majority of that committee; as he was in favor
of passing the bill, but not without amendment.
He thougnt if offered to the Senate, not precisely as
it then stood, but in some points new modelled, it
would be more acceptable to the majority than in
its present state. Nothing advanced on either
side, in the discussion of this bill, had since caused
him to change his opinion. In the discussions of
all questions of this nature, the disproving or ad-
mission of asserted facts went far to enable those
engaged, to see more clearly the grounds on which
they should act. On this question he admitted there
was great contrariety of opinion—a great variety of
principles involved; and, as it was truly said, "prin-
ciples were eternal, no matter how men might
change." In arguing the necessity for a revision of
the tariff bill of X842, he intended to ground that ar-
gument on facts—not theories, as employed or used
by those advocating a different policy.
He differed with the honorable chairman of the
committee, who deprecated all agitation of the sub-
jectj mid sued for a longer {rial of the law which the
bill under consideration proposed to amend or re-
peal: he asked that it should be allowed further time
to develop itself, and show the immense advantages
which its advocates contended it bestowed on the
nation. This request would be very well, and
come with a better grace, if it was a new, doubtful,
or untried proceeding; but, unfortunately for its ad-
vocates, instead of a new or untried measure, it
was in operation since the year 1816, or, if it suited
the gentleman opposite [Mr. Eyans] better, at least
since the year 1824—during which period it was, as
it is now, the subject of complaint. And yet it is
said now, 'Tis a sacred measure; no hands must be
laid on it. Mr. W. contended that this attempted
prohibition from meddling with or amending this
bill did not correspond with the declarations of many
who, by their votes, assisted in carrying it through the
Senate, by a majority of one, in the session of 1842.
It was carried through the Senate under declarations
of its being full of faults and pregnant with evils,
and only to be continued a law until an opportunity
would offer, in the next session, of fully amending
it. An honorable senator from New York described
the tariff bill of ] 842 as a bill loaded with defects,
unproductive to the revenue, and without any pro-
vision for collection. A former colleague of the hon-
orable chairman said, if any other, means could be
devised by which provision for the operations of
government could be made, he would not support it;
but as it was, he would only give it his aid until
another Congress would substitute for it a better and
more constitutional measure. An honorable senator
from Pennsylvania accepted it only as the least of
two evils; he did not receive or admit it, even as a
minor good. And yet, after those declarations by
senators who helped to make it a law by their votes,
it is now declared by its advocates that any interfer-
ence, any attempt to amend' or disturb the provisions
of this bill, on the part of the Senate, is not only im-
proper and incorrect, but is absolutely overstepping
their bounds of duty as laid down by the constitution.
He had, however, further, and, with the advocates
of the tariff, he should suppose higher authority to
advance in support of his views; and that authority
was contained in a letter dated Ashland, and writ-
ten by an honorable and distinguished ex-senator
from Kentucky, m which he says, "if defects exist
in the tariff bill they ought to be corrected." But,
lest this shouldniotbe deemed an admission that
defects did exist, he (Mr. W.) would quote
another portion of that letter, which could leave no
doubt as to the opinions of the writer. He says :
"Provisions of the bill of 1828 are highly discredit-
able to American legislation; and he hoped, for the
honor of the country, they would never be re-
peated." If the bill of 1828 was discreditable to
the legislation of the country, the bill of 1842 was
equally, if not more so. It might be called a tran-
script of the bill of 1828, with the admission that,
where there were any alterations, they were for the
worse. This was no idle theory, advanced for the
support of his argument, as he was prepared to
show by facts. Mr. W. proceeded to show, from a
list of duties imposed by the biil of 1828 and the
bill of 1842, that, on all leading useful articles, there
was, by the last law, n heavy increase. The tariff
of 1828 put on boots a duty of 10 per cent.; that of
1842 raised it to 40 per cent. On coal there was a du-
ty of 6 cents per bushel; raised by the act of 1842 to
$1 75 per ton; cordage, an article more or less used
by poor and rich, was raised from 4 to 4j; cotton,
instead of 80, was raised to over 100; cotton bag-
ging, from 3|, as imposed by the act of 1828, was
increased to 4 cents per square yard, and on some
descriptions to 5 cents; laces from 5 to 20; glass
from 100 per cent, to between 200 and 300, and on
some descriptions, to 500 or 600 per cent; shoes, that,
by the bill of 1828 were admitted on a duty of 25
per cent., were now charged 30 per cent., and from
that up to 75 per cent.; woollens then 30 per cent.,
now ranged from 40 up to 60 per cent.; and so with
all the leading articles most required by the people.
The bill of 1842, he maintained, was a bill framed
wholly and solely for the protection of one small
class of the population, at the expense of all the
others; it was a bill benefiting the few by sacrificing
the many; and if he satisfied the Senate that such
was the fact, he did not suppose that any principle
could be found, or would be advanced, to justify its
continuance. It was not sought for by the body of
the people, nor was it pretended, when the subject
was discussed in the years 1816, 1824, or 1828, that
it was for any other purpose than that of protect-
ing the manufacturing interests. This Was sus-
ceptible of proof by reference to official doc-
uments. The bill of 1816 made, on an
an advance on the former duties bf 42! per
cent.; and this-' increase .was then admitted by
the Secretary of the Treasury to be for the protec-
tion of manufactures, and not for the benefit of ,tf 
revenue. The bills of 1824,1828, and 1842, follow-
ed in the same spirit, each exceeding the one gone, be-
fore, until an amount of duties was reached by the
bill now in existence exceeding anything of the kind
known here or elsewhere. These enormous duties
could not, for a moment, be placed to tlje credit of
the revenue, as it was too well known a fact that, in
all countries where duties were levied to increase the
revenue, they never exceeded 10, 15, .or, at the
highest, 25 per cent. England, Prance, _ or Spain,
could not be quoted in opposition to this faet; for,
where they placed higher duties than 10, 15, 25
pea- cent., they openly avowed it was for protection,
and not for increase of revenue. Mr. W oodbcry
here quoted from another list of duties, showing the
heavy tax imposed on what might be termed the
necessaries—articles in use by high and low—and
contended against the injustice of thus burdening the
many for the benefit of the few. As to the
so-styled protection afforded to the farmer or
agriculturist by the duties on flour and farm
produce, it was altogether visionary. No protec-
tion was required where there was no competition;
and they might as well have imposed a like protec-
tive duty on a cargo of ice or granite going into the
State of New Hampshire If thisrbill was bona fide
a bill for the increase of the revenue, why did it not
impose a duty on the luxuries and elegancies of life,
and not on the absolute necessaries? On sugar, in
the year 1840, the duty on imports amounted to
$3,000,000. This was three millions out of the pock-
ets of the people, to protect the planters of
home produce. In the same year, the duty
on silks imported was $3,500,000; iron $1,500,000;
spirits $2,000,000. This latter item was, he ad-
mitted, right in a moral sense. There were other
sources, making altogether an amount of sixteen
millions; and this enormous sum was wholly de-
rived from duties imposed on every-day necessaries,
which, if notfor the protective system, could be had
by the mass of the people for exactly sixteen mil-
lions of dollars less. That those duties were im-
posed to increase the revenue, could not be admit-
ted; for if so, would not similar or greater duties be
imposed on luxuries which none but the wealthy can
indulge in? or, if that was not sufficient, why not the
duty on all other articles be equal and in proportion?
That would not do: the favored class to be protect-
ed do not manufacture luxuries, however they may
use them. Then, as to the share of protection af-
forded by this bill to the agriculturist or producer,
what benefit did it bestow? The raw article was
protected, perhaps, by a duty of 1 per cent.; while,
m a manufactured state, it was shielded by a duty
of from 15 to 20 per cent.
Gentlemen advocating the tariff as it stood, when
hard pressed on one side, vaunted its benefits to the
revenue; if pressed on that side, they spoke of iW
advantages as protective of manufactures; and when
closely hemmed in on both, then they boasted of
its good qualities when mixed up—a little of either.
Hides, for instance, the produce of every farm, if
taxed for revenue, would bring the same amount of
duty as leather; but this was not the case. T.he
raw hide carried a duty of 5 per cent.; but, when
manufactured, the duty was 35 per cent.: so that
the farmer selling a hide had thel>enefit of a pro-
tecting duty of 5 per cent.; but, if he went after-
wards to buy the same hide in a manufactured state,
he would have to pay, exclusive of its real value, a
duty of 35 per cent. So much, then, for the pio-
tection afforded to the farmer by the tariff oi 1842-
Since the passing of the bill of 1828, its friends
had but one excuse for continuing its advocacy
and but one hope for their success in doing so; and
that excuse was the same given by the boy, when
accused of cruelty in skinning a hve eel—he said
the eel was used to it, and, consequently, submitted
without resistance. In like manner, the friends of
the tariff say, "Oh, the people are used to it, at least
since 1828; and being used to it, they will submit."
Linseed and flaxseed were the same as hides—raw,
a duty of 5 per cent.; but linseed manufactured into
oil was 15 per cent.; so that the raiser of the linseed,
if he required oil for painting, or other purposes,
had, in addition to its value, to pay 15 per cent., as
a premium to the manufacturer. The wool-growers
of Vermont were protected by a duty of 5 per cent.;
but let them look for their own produce in a manu-
factured State, and tlvey had to pay 25 to §0 pet
