Q40
CONGRESSIONAL
cent.'—for what-' to protect the manufacturers, and
fto impoverish the people. No better illustration of
the benefits conferred on the mass of the people by
the tariff of 1842 could be given, than by referring- to
"the article of raw silk, ftn article -which every farmer,
without expense or labor, save that 'of his female
children, could produce. On raw silk there fas a
duty of 50 cents per pound; but on manufactured
silk the duty was $2'50; thus giring to the manu-
facturer, over the former, a premium of two dollars
on every pound weight.
Mr. Woodkuky went on drawing'the same
deductions from' the duties—on brass m the lump
and manufactured; flax, cotton, tin, and other ar-
ticles; and contended that placing- a protective duty
on articles that were not imported, or imported in
such small quantities as to render the duty nominal,
was too frivolous a pretext to blind the farmers or
agriculturists, or lead them to suppose that it was
intended for aught else than to keep them in the
dark, while the real principle of the bill was to pro-
tect and enrich the manufacturers at their (the peo-
ple's) expense. If the bill was not for this purpose,
and this alone—if it was a bill for the increase of
revenue—the great variations in the amount of du-
ties would not appear on its face; all would be
equally and proportionably taxed. It is not shown
that, from 1790 until 1816, the country suffered for
want of high protecting duties; and yet, during that
period, no legislature attempted to impose duty over
10 or 12 per cent., but in most cases not exceeding
5 or 7 per cent. ,But a still stronger instance of the
determination of the legislators of that day to act
for the benefit of all, and not for a part, is shown by
the fact of the war duties of 1812 not exceeding 20
per cent., and, in many instances, not more than 8
or 9 per cent. He understood that it was said by
General Harrison to Mr. Clay that 20 or 25 per
cent, of cash duties should be the highest allowed
for any protective interest; and that, if manufactu-
rers did not find that sufficient, they should turn
their industry into some other channel. The gov-
ernments of Madison and Jefferson never resorted
to those high duties; and there not doing so, gave
vieight to the question—was this protective system
legitimate under any principle? The honorable
chairman of the committee had quoted Dr. Franklin
in support of his views; now he would read from
Dr. Franklin's works sufficient to prove that he en-
tertained entirely different opinions from those at-
tributed to him by that honorable gentleman.
Here Mr. W. read several extracts from the wri-
tings of Dr. Fraklin—all favorable to free trade, and
strongly deprecating the opposite policy.
This principle of taxing the whole community for
the special benefit of a few individuals, never was
before tolerated in any country, acting upon prin-
ciples of equal rights. The senator who contends
that the act of 1842 is a revenue act, and not for
protection 
Mr. EVANS observed that, in answering the sen-
ator from South Carolina, who maintained that the
the act of 1842 was destructive to revenue, he had
shown it increased revenue, but did not say it was
exclusively an act for revenue.
Mr. WOODBURY continued: he was happy to
find the gentleman ready to admit that it was an act
for protection. The changes against the act were,
that it was for the protection of the manufacturers.
Other, gentlemen, however, had contended that it
was a revenue measure. On that point the present
issue was taken. Now, his position was, that it was
not for purposes of revenue, but subversive of rev-
enue, and intended to benefit one class, and much
the smallest class, at the expense of all other classes.
He denied that it yielded revenue, as a revenue act
ought to yield it. It would not do to take effects of other
causes, and attribute them to the act, for the purpose
of making it appeal-that it alone had accomplished
that which, from its very nature, it was calculated
to frustrate. It goes 15 or 20 per cent, beyond the
revenue point. The revenue act of 1816 did not go
beyond 17| per cent., and many articles were con-
siderably under that rate. The framers of the con-
stitution never looked to imports for more than a
duty for revenue. They calculated, should more
be necessary for the government than duties at the
revenue point from imports would yield, that other
sources of taxation should be resorted to. They
provided for the resort to other kinds of taxation,
m order that the revenue point of duty on imports
should not be transcended. No government in the
world undertakes to get all its revenue from customs,
but this. France takes but one-eighth of its reve-
nue from customs; England about one-ihird, or a
little over. But, even if we include .tie whole tax-
ation of our State's—as it was Said by th£ Senator from
Maine we ought- to do, in contrasting this country
with'others—it-will be found that we derive more
than half of the whole taxes paid in the Union
from customs. It was very well known that the
State and local taxes did noj;, come up to $1 per
head on the population, (ir 'uding women and
children;) but the duty on imphi'fi exceeds $1 per
head of the whole population. Now he held
that this government had not even a right, accord-
ing to the spirit of the constitution, and the inten-
tion of its framers, to get, from customs alone, even
enough for its expenses. It was found, when du-
ties at the revenue point would not yield enough, to
go to those other modes of taxation provided for in
the constitution. He objected to the mode of sus-
taining this tariff law, by inconclusive calculations
made of the proceeds of the revenue by a single
month or quarter; because in that way it could ea-
sily be made to appear that the revenue would be
forty millions for the year, although, on the whole,
it might fall short of one-third of that amount.
Mr. EVANS observed that he made no calcula-
tions on a month's receipts, nor had he estimated
that the revenue would be forty millions. What he
had said was, that there was a prospect it would be
from twenty-two to twenty-three millions this year.
Mr. "WOODBURY remarked that the senator had
referred to the receipts of New York; and he (Mr.
W.) was going on to say, that, taking a single
month's receipts in New York, (being a million and
three quarters,) and supposing the other ports as
much, it would be three and a half millions for the
month, or, over forty millions, at that rate, for the
year; showing that such calculations, whether for
months or quarters, were exceedingly inconclusive.
But the senator had said that high duties always
produced an increase of revenue and deerease of
prices. Now, duties in 1816 were only 17| per cent.;
yet the revenue was thirty-six millions: and he
would presently show that when the tariffs of 1824
and 1828 were laid on, the revenue, instead of in-
creasing, diminished. In 1817, the revenue was
twenty-six and a quarter millions, as the act of 1816
had added 42 per cent, to duties, causing a re-
duction of ten millions of revenue. In 1818,
the revenue was further reduced nine millions.
In 1819 it was twenty and a quarter millions;
in 1820, only fifteen millions; and in 1821, thir-
teen millions. Yet we were told the revenue
always rose with the increase of duties. Then
came the act of 1824, increasing duties, and the
act of 1828, afterwards, also increasing them, but
not as high as they were in 1817.
Mr. W. quoted a variety of tables to show that
revenue fell off in consequence of each addition of
duty, and accounted for the surplus revenue on oth-
er and different grounds than those of high duties,
showing that the treasury was filled, not by them,
but from other causes, and it spite of high duties.
Mr. W. next showed, from the statistical tables,
that, of the population of the United States, only
one-eleventh was engaged in manufactures, or be-
came beneficiaries of the protective system; while
ten-elevenths had to pay the bounty imposed by the
protective policy, for the aggrandizement of the
one-eleventh. Now, he asked, would this be tole-
rated one moment, only for the delusions with which
the system was veiled from the comprehension of the
mass of the people? It was held out to them that they
were made better able to pay these duties by the in
creased prosperity which the protective system gave
to the country. If nothing but the plain simple
truth was told to them, and particularly to the farm-
ers—that, by the imposition of these duties of 1842,
they had to pay 40 per cent, more for what, they
buy, and sell the produce of their farmers so much
less, than if no duty existed, the protective sys-
tem would not be tolerated a single day. The
senator from Maine had, yesterday, somewhat mod-
ified his former assertion, that high duties always
reduced prices. He seemed to admit that there
were cases in which such might not be the fact.
But it was strange that he did not see how incon-
sistent it was to maintain, contrary to the experience
of the world, and all the doctrines of political econ-
omy, that a duty, instead of increasing prices, dimin-
ished them: for, if such were the fact, why would
the manufacturers be so anxious for high duties, or
why would there even be a necessity to ask Con-
gress for drawbacks? No matter what the theory
might be, the facts were palpable, that it was because
the importation of foreign goods into our market
lowered the profits of our own manufacturers, that
they sought protection by the imposition of pro-
hibitory'or protective duties. If such were not the
fact, what Would they have to object to, but the
temporary-glut in the market? and that they could
ovoid by restraining their supply, and making it
only equal to the demand, including their own goods
and those imported. Their Opposition to imported
goods was on that very ground, .that their prices
would be reduced; and because they want to keep up
the prices, not to reduce them, as the Senator from
Maine contends, they have importuned Congress to
carry out the protective system by the imposition
of the excessive duties of the act of 1842.
The senator had contended that the imposition of
duties had always lowered prices. It might so happen
that, at the time duties were laid on, prices were falling
from other causes; and the prices of many articles with-
in the last quarter of a century had fallen so rapidly
and so much that it was evident the great decline
must be owing to other, and much more - extensive
causes than could-be produced by a mere act of le-
gislation. Look at the reduction in the prices of
manufactured cotton goods, since Watts improved
and applied steam power to the useful arts, and
since the improvements in machinery made by Ark-
wright. The vast facilities thus afforded of produ-
cing, by the art of machinery, what used to be pro-
duced by manual labor, had caused the reduction of
prices in America, as well as in England, and all
over the world; yet if prices were rapidly coming
down from such causes, was it not manifestly ab-
surd to attribute the decline to tariff acts, in spite
of which that downward course continued?
Mr. W. referred to the writings of Adam Smith,
McCulloch, Huskisson, &c., to show that it was a
well-established principle in political economy, that
the increase of duties enhanced prices. He also
quated largely from Doctor Franklin's works to
show that he not only maintained the same doc-
trine, but was fully sensible of the advantages which
any country must derive from free trade and open
ports to all the world.
He showed what had been the effect in England
in reducing duties on a great variety of articles.
Among them, he mentioned coffee, which had been
subject to 2s. 6d. per lb. duty, and then yielded
•f342,000 of revenue; but when the duty was re-
duced to one half, (Is. 3d.) the revenue on coffee
ran up to .£770,000, and the price to the consumer
became lower than in proportion to the reduction
of duty.
Mr. EVANS asked if coffee was a domestic prod-
uct of England?
Mr. "WOODBURY said it was of a portion of
her dominions. Mr. W. next went into a great
mass of statistical details, furnishing a large collec-
tion of facts to show that every reduction of duty in
England to the revenue point had increased the rev-
enue, and rendered the articles of consumption
cheaper to the people. Hence, he argued that the
reverse would be the fact here, according as duties
were laid on in support of the protective system.
By this protective system the consumer is doubly
taxed; first, on what he consumes, and next, on
what he sells; for it is the same whether ho is taxed
on what he sells, or forced by legislation to sell his
products for less than he could obtain, but
for that legislation. If the exports of the coun-
try were one hundred millions, and, by the
imposition of duty on imports, the exporter got
back in return for -his products so much less
than he sent, by the amount of duty, (say twenty mil-
lions,) was it not he had to pay all the duty, because
he did not get back within twenty millions of what
he exported? The gentleman says he niay get mo-
ney for his exports. True; but what is" he to do
with his money, only to purchase, what he wants?
and if he goes into the market at home to buy the
goods he might have imported in exchange for bis
exports on equal terms, will he not find that he has
to pay 40 per cent more for their home manufac-
tured goods, in consequence of the protective duty'
and is not that the same to him as if his exports
had been taxed 40 per cent? Again, the senatoi
says, you have a home market raised up for you, as
good as, if not better than the foreign market. Hero
was another fallacy, or at least a delusion to a great
extent. The home manufacturers aflpresent con-
sume about 300,000 bales of cotton out of the usu-
al annual crop of 2,500,000; this year perhaps
1,800,000—that is, one-sixth. What has been the
increase of England during the last year, on her
consumption of raw cotton, irrespective of her
manufactures sent here? Considerably more than
the whole quantity consumed by the warm-
