tx>3rcmEssiONA:L ^OBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADYANGE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1844.
Volume 13....No 16.
[ Continued from No. 15.]
facturers of the United States, all put togeth-
er. The reason was plain. England manufac-
tures for all parts of the world; this country
chiefly for its own consumption. And were the
cotton growers of this country to be told that they
should give up such a market as England for the
sake of building up for themselves an inconsiderable
market at home? But our exports of cotton to
Prance were very large—next to England, larger
than to any other country. Were we to give up
that market too, and all the other markets of Europe,
and forego the increasing advantages of the increas-
ing demand all over the world, as well at home in
their own dominions, for their manufactured fab-
rics, and consequently for the material of which
those fabrics were made? Now it was somewhat
remarkable that foreign countries—those of Europe
—laid all their heavy duties on articles of luxury,
and put their lightest duties on articles of general
consumption, thereby reaching, at once, the true
revenue point; yet the very opposite was the policy
we pursued. We lay the heaviest tax on articles of
general consumption, and prohibitory dueies on
those which enter into competition with our own
manufactures. But if the raw material for manufac-
ture is imported, we put a light duty on it to favor the
manufacturer. We make a show of great impartiali-
ty, too, by putting very high duties on the agricultu-
ral products of other countries,that they never aream of
sending here, duty or no duty; but we want to show
the farmers how careful we are to protect them as
well as manufacturers, by excluding foreign butter,
potatoes, cheese, beef, pork, &c., from coming in
competition with the products of our own soil. It
may be said England taxes our tobacco excessively,
and also spirituous liquors: but these are articles of
luxury, not of necessity; and are legitimate sources
of taxation to as high a point as they will bear.
Tobacco, even at the high duty of England, is found
there to be a source of revenue; ana that alone is
the object for which it is taxed, for it has no tobac-
co of its own growth with which our tobacco can
come in competition. She taxes these things for
revenue, not for protection.
The usual hour of adjournment having arrived,
and Mr. W. not having got through his argument,
On motion of Mr. MeDUFFIE, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 7, 1844.
Mr. WENTWORTH, presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Lake county, Illinois; and also
citizens of the Territory of Wisconsin, for a mail
route from Libertyville, Lake county, through Bris-
tol precinct, Lake county, and the town of Salem,
Racine county, Wisconsin, to Burlington, Wiscon-
sin.
Also, from a large number of the eitizens of Ver-
million county, Illinois, praying for a gr mt of land
for the improvement of the Wabash river.
Also, from a large number of the citizens of Cook,
McHenry, and Boon counties, for a mail route from
Chicago, via Monroe, Elkgrove, Wickliffe, Mil-
ler's Grove, Cornishville, Chrystalville, McHenry
Centre, Hariland, Cold Spring, Hunter, and Ama-
zon, to Roscoe.
Also, from a large number of the citizens of. Chi-
cago, praying for a harbor at Manitowoc, Wiscon-
sin.
Also, from sundry citizens of Chicago, remon-
strating against the admission of Texas into the
Union.
Also, from sundry citizens of Vermillion county,
Illinois, praying for a mail route from Georgetown
to Chillicothe, Illinois.
Also, from sundry citizens of Kendall county,
Illinois, for the reduct:on of postage, and the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, from sundry citizens of Waynesville, Mc-
Lean county, remonstrating against the admission
of Texas.
THE ELECTION BY GENERAL TICKET.
The SPEAKER announced the business in order
to be the report of Committee of Elections, in relation
to the election of the members of four States by
general ticket.
Mr. C. J. INGrERSOLL, desired permission to
make a report from a committee.
Mr. ELMER said the business announced
from the chair was a matter of privilege, which
overrode all other business; and he could not yield
his right to the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he wished to report a
qill ofgi;eat importance.
Mr. ELMER however, claimed the floor, and
proceeded to address the House.
He then proceeded to recapitulate the arguments
he adduced yesterday, and resumed his speech at
the point at which he was interrupted, and
afterwards said that this act of Congress pro-
fessed to regulate the elections of representatives of
the people in this House, so far as to direct the dis-
tricting of the States; and if that act of Congress had
districted the States so as to be a rule to the people
to guide them in electing their representatives, he
would admit that that law of Congress would have
overridden the laws of the States, and been the su-
preme law of the land on that subject. But this law
aid no such thing; it established no district; it laid
down no rule; and could be considered only as a di-
rection to the States—to do which no power had been
vested in Congress by the constitution. He main-
tained this argument at some length. He denied that
Congress had the right to control the acts of the le-
gislatures of the States at all; and he also denied that,
under a right to alter a law, Congress possessed the
power to repeal a law. This position he proceeded
to illustrate.
It was a true principle in the construction of con-
flicting laws, that the last law shall be the rule of ac-
tion. But it was claimed in this case that, under
the authority to repeal and alter the laws of the
States, Congress has the right to repeal and leave
the States without any law. Was this right? Truly,
it was a strange mode of altering laws. The object
of conferring upon Congress the power to alter and
amend the laws of the States was, that it might pro-
tect itself, in case the States should not pass such
laws as were necessary for electing members to
Congress. In such case, it was thought proper that
Congress should pass its own laws to regulate the
matter. Did it ever enter into the minds of gentle-
men, that, under the right to prescribe rules in refer-
ence to this matter, they had a right simply to do
away with all laws upon the subject' This was
what was contended for. Under the pretence of al-
tering the laws, it was claimed that Congress had
the right to repeal and leave the States without laws.
He contended they had no such right. Their rights
were totally different and distinct from this.
The hour having expired,
Mr. BELSER next obtained possession of the
floor, and addressed the House. He approached
the subject before the House, he said, with a desire
to discuss it fairly and candidly; and he was anxious
to deliver his views upon it, because of the fact that
lie should probably take a course different from a
large portion of that party which it was his pride
and pleasure, when he could act with them, so to act
upon that floor.
This question was a great constitutional one, and
above all party considerations. It was one which
addressed itself to the judgment and conscience of
every man upSn that floor. ItVas one which was
to operate upon the welfare of this country for ages
to come; and he called upon gentlemen belonging
to either of the great political parties, in that House,
to pause and consider the magnitude of the question
involved in this discussion. When, at the com-
mencement of this session of Congress, he had had
the honor to address a few remarks to the House,
in regard to the protest which was attempted to be
spread upon the journal, he had stated to the
House that he did not consider the act of Congress,
which directs the districting of the States, as a nulli-
ty. His objection to placing that protest upon the
journal of the House, which he desired now to ex-
plain, in order that he might set himself right before
this House, and before those who had given him a
seat upon that floor, was that he could not consent
that the Clerk of that House should be the judge of
what should and what should not be spread upon
its journals; that the constitution had invested
the members of this House with that power; and he,
for one, was not prepared to substitute the judgment
of the Clerk of the House for the judgment of ama-
jority of the members. He could not consent that
that officer should be permitted, by atiy mode what-
ever, while a qudjtion of this importance was pend-
ing before this body, to. spread a protest upon the
journal, in defiance of a will of a majority of the
House.
The honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Barnard,] in his argument upon that protest, stated
that those gentlemen to whom the protest referred,
came to this Huse claiming seats without the color
of a title; that they came here like so many men
who might step out of that gallery into this hall.
If the gentleman really took that view of the mat-
ter, he was right in asking to have his protest
spread uponHhe journal. But he took a very different
view of it. Ttie took the view that those gentlemen
presented prima facie evidence of their right to their
seats, when they produced the authority of their re-
spective States, signified under the seal of such
State; and that such authority was to be held as
valid until controverted by better testimony. And
all the research which he had been able to devote to
the subject, had served to confirm him in the con-
clusion that the sitting members upon that floor,
who had come there by virtue of election under the
general-ticket system, had a right not only to sit
there, but they had a right to vote upon every ques-
tion which should come before the House, until an
adjudication of the House by which they should be
expelled from their seats.
They were assembled there under a particular
clause of the constitution declaring that that House
should be the judge of the qualifications and returns of
its members. There was another reason why he
would not consent to spread the protest upon the
journal of the. House. Each member of the House,
as well as the majority, was interested in preserving
the judicial purity of that body; and what kind of
judges would they be who would deliberately make
up their minds to prejudge a case which they were
called on to determine in the last resort' It would
be a valid and just cause of challenge against the
competency of such judges to deeide upon the ques-
tion of the qualification of members of that House.
The reasons, then, why he was not prepared to con-
sent'that the protest should be spread upon the jour-
nal of the House were, first, that the constitution
gave them no such right; and, secondly, that it was
the duty of that House to preserve its judicial
purity.
He held the doctrine (and he was prepared to
maintain it by authorities) that the States, indepen-
dently of the action of Congress, had no right to be
represented upon that floor. He might be called a
latitudinarian, or by whatever name gentlemen pleas-
ed; but this he would say, that whenever the States
delegated a power to Congress, they were bound,
upon a principle of probity, and upon every
other great principle, to aid the general
government in carrying that delegated power in-
to effect. He understood, from the report of
the majority of the committee, that the law
of Congress of 1842 was pronounced to be no
law at all; that it was inoperative; and that,
consequently, those gentlemen elected by the
general-ticket system were entitled to their seats
upon that floor. There were two clauses of the
constitution which bore upon this subject, both 01
which he proposed to discuss; but before he pro-
ceeded to them, he would ask gentlemen what was
the rule by which they should be guided in this
matter? They were a judicial tribunal; they were
sitting in that House as so many judges, to pro-
nounce judgment upon the validity of an act of
Congress; and in determining upon this matter, by
what rule ovght they to be governed? If they were
to take the example of any legal tribunal, there
would be no difficulty in the matter. They should
be governed by the rule which holds in all well-
constituted judicial tribunals. What would be the
rule adopted by Chief Justice Marshall, if he were
alive, and sitting here? He would say, if called
upon to pronounce upon the validity of an act of Con-
tress that it was a grave, delicate, and important
uty—a duty which should be approached with th?
utmost deliberation.
