241
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Let gentlemen recollect that it was not exactly a
conflict between tha constitution and State laws, but
between State laws and the laws of the general gov-
ernment, said to be passed in confoAnity with the
constitution. The rule in all concurrent jurisdic-
tions was, that the tribunal or legislative department
which was supreme would outweigh those which
were not supreme.
It was asserted, upon high authority, that, when
we speak of the people of any place, we mean the
whole people of that place; and Tnc argument at-
tempted to be drawn from this was, that no repre-
sentative on that floor could be considered strictly
and legally a representative of the people unless he
were elected by the whole people. He denied this
doctrine in toto. There was no ground on which it
could rest. Who were the people of the States?
The people of the States were the successors of
those who originally contracted to become members
of the federal union; the free white population—
not only those capable of voting, but minors; they
were the people of the United States. The people
of the United States were the successors of those
who gave consent to the formation of the Union,
and who were now capable of changing the fun-
damental principles of this government.
He contended that the power of electing repre-
sentatives might be exercised by a portion of the
people of the United States; and the first authority
which he would produce was that of Mr. Msdison.
[Mr. B. here read the authority referred to.]
Could language be more strong, clear, or ex-
plicit? If the doctrine which gentlemen had avowed
here should grow up in this country, what would
becom«, then, of their property qualifications? Go
into one portion of the Union, and they would find
universal suffrage spreading itself; go into another,
and they would find universal suffrage curtailed,
and the property qualification enforced. The doc-
trine had nothing substantial to rest upon.
The second clause of the constitution which bear-
on this subject, is in the following words: "The
times, places, and manner of holding elections for
senators and representatives, shall be prescribed in
each State by the legislature thereof; but the Con-
gress may, at any time, by law, make or alter such
regulations, except as to the places of choosing sen-
ators." Now the States, for upwards of half a cen-
tury, had been exercising this power, under the
constitution, of electing their representatives, and
sending them here; and the honorable committee
had attempted to draw a construction in regard to it
not warranted by the authority of law. He main-
tained that, in the construction of statutes and con-
stitutions, there was no difference between the word
"shall" and the word- -may." One was just as im-
perative as the other. In support of this position,
Mr. B. cited the authority of Judge Swift, of New
York. The States, then, having exercised this
power for upwards of half a century, from whence
did they derive it? They derived it from the consti-
tution; and independent of the clause he had cited,
they had no right to a representation on this floor.
Let not honorable gentlemen tell him that, laying
aside that clause, they had the right to appear here.
He denied such a doctrine in Mo. Now what was
the power given to Congress on this subject? It
was the power at any time, by law, to make, or al-
ter, or amend any portion of the regulations of the
States, except as to the places of choosing senators.
What was the meaning of the word "make"' It
meant to create, or produce. Congress can create, or
produce, or alter, or amend the regulations of the
States on this subject, with the exception before
stated; and the language of all commentators on the
constitution was, that the power was primarily
lodged in the States, and ultimately in Congress.
Now the reason why the States have been sending
representatives here was, that Congress had not
thought proper to exercise this power, having per-
mitted it to lie dormant until the last session, when
they passed a law which changed the aspect of
things. Sir, (said Mr. B.,) it is important that
v.-hile we guard against the centripetal force of this
government, we should not fly off by its centrifugal
force. "While we endeavor to escape the rocks of con-
solidation, let us not be drawn into the whirlpool of
anarchy; let us not go into extremes. Let us place
ourselves on the isthmus of safety, which divides
consolidation from anarchy; and let the ship of state
be guided into that haven where it will be secure
from the dangers that beset it on either of these two
extremes. The language of the constitution is, that
Congress may make or alter such negotiations, ex-
cept as to the places of choosing senators. That
was the only exception. Thus Congress might
either create a new law, or alter the whole or any
part of the laws under which the States have been act-
ing. He understood gentlemen to say that the cotem-
poraneous construction of this government was in
favor of the report of the majority. He should like
g ntlemen to show some authority for this assumption.
He maintained, on the contrary, that the cotempora-
rfeous construction of this government was in favor
of the validity of this law. Why, at the time
that this clause was adopted in the constitution,
it met but little opposition in the body that framed
that instrument, the concluding speech made by
Mr. Madison having silenced all opposition to it;
and it was not till the constitution had been ratified
by the States, that any hostility to it was seen. It
was then proposed to repeal this particular clause,
authorizing an alteration of the regulations the States
might make on the subject. He knew that the
honorable gentleman who preceded him, and other
gentlemen in that body, had maintained that the
contemporaneous construction given to it by the
States was against the law. It was true that seven
of the States were opposed to giving this power to
Congress; but it was equally true that, though they
inveighed against it, they came into the constitution
recognising it; and if gentlemen examined the de-
bates of that period, they would find that they never
denied it, but opposed it as a dangerous power.
Now South Carolina was one of those States;
and they would find that, in the legislature of
of that State, shortly after the adoption of the con-
stitution, Mr. Burke endeavored to change this
power. Mr. B. here read the amendment proposed
by Mr. Burke to the constitution. This amend-
ment (Mr. B. said) was proposed in 1789, and it was
voted down. He would now come down to 1817;
for he was going to trace not only the cotempora-
neous construction, but he was going to trace the
action of Congress down to the present day, in order
that he might give the reasons which brought him
to the conclusion that the gentleman elected by gen-
eral ticket could not retain their seats on that floor.
Now, in 1817 the legislatures of North Carolina
and Massachusetts both recommended amendments
to the same effect, but they both failed. He would
now refer to the celebrated report of Mr. McDuffie,
and would take the occasion to deny that that great
statesman ever acknowledged that Congress had not
the power to pass such a law as the one before
them, though he considered it a dangerous power.
Mr. McD. at that time enveighed bitterly against
this power, because it had been lodged in Congress,
and his object was to get rid of it. He would next
refer to the law passed at the last session, and which
was now the subject of discussion. Tell me not,
said he, that a whig Congress passed this law.
Such arguments had no weight with him; and he
never would admit that, on grave constitutional ques-
tions, the Congress of the United States could be
influenced by them. In the discussion on that law,
every argument that ingenuity could raise was
brought forward to defeat it; and if gentlemen would
turn to the Congressional Globe, they • would find
that, in the speechesmade on that occasion, the whole
history of the country was ransacked for materials
to defeat it. AH these efforts failed, and the bill
became a law.
What would be the effect of this. He knew a
question of expediency had been raised, and a ma-
jority of the States had adopted the district system.
It was contended that the law of Congress was un-
constitutional, and that these gentlemen were right-
fully entitled to their seats; but what be the effect if
New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Virginia should
adopt the general-ticket system' It would be to
swallow up the rights of the smaller States. He
had no doubt if this question were proposed to that
honorable and enlightened man, (Mr. Calhoun,)
who brings light on every subject that he touches,
he would not hesitate to say that this law of Con-
gress was constitutional, and should be obeyed. He
could not do otherwise, consistent with the address
which he has put forth to the people. But to secure
uniformity, he contended that Congress had the
right to pass this .law, and it was the interest of the
States of the Union to adhere to it strictly. But, if
this House voted that these gentlemen were en-
titled to their seats on this floor by virtue of an
election by general ticket, they in effect set at
nought a law which this government had passed;
and, for one, he never would do it. And if, in this
great contest, one man fell, his place could be sup-
plied; but if they frittered away this government
and this constitution, where was such a course to
stop, but in anarchy? He said again it was their
duty to uphold the government in its delegated pow-
ers, and not to rush to so dangerous an extreme.
Mr. DILLINGHAM contended that Congress,
by the second article of the constitution, had the
power to determine, for the States, the number of their
representatives. That was a question with which
the States had nothing to do; nothing in that respect
was granted to them or reserved to them. Con-
gress, then, being given that power, the constitu-
tion went on to fix the qualifications of voters; and,
in the 4th section of the constitution, prescribed the
duty of carrying out the representative principle,
The power to prescribe the times, places, and
manner of holding the elections, was vested
in the State legislatures; but the same section
(and this, he apprehended, was the one on which
the existing difficulty arose) said that Congress
might, at any time, by law, make or alter the State
regulations. This duty, then, was imposed on the
legislatures of the States, by whom it was consid-
ered a privilege to be represented here; but the
framers of the constitution, apprehensive, possibly,
of an apathy or unwillingness on the part of the
States, and that a wilful neglect to discharge this
duty might cause a failure of the government of
this Union, incorporated this „clause vesting this
power in the Congress of the United States. He
did not, for a moment, entertain the idea that it was
supposed that Congress would exercise the power
to regulate the times, places, and manner, of holding
the elections of the States, and not neglect it. He
supposed it was a high delegated power, to be used
in case of necessity; and that was to be demon-
strated by a clear neglect or refusal of the States to
discharge that duty. The power conferred on the
States, too, he would remark, was a power that was
entire in itself. It was to be exercised by the legis-
latures of the States; but if Congress took it in hand,
it was incumbent on Congress to exercise it in a full
and perfect manner: but if Congress did not exer-
cise that power in a full and perfect manner, he con-
tended that it remained in the hands of the States,
as though Congress had not meddled with it. He
variously illustrated this position; and said there
was no partnership between Congress and the State
legislatures, and this power must be fully exercised
by one or the other. He referred, also, to the dis-
cussions which ensued on this very point in the
State of Virginia, at the time of the adoption
of the constitution; and fortified his position
by quoting the language of Mr. Madison, who
said the adoption of this clause of the eonsti-
tion was to prevent the dissolution of the Union
by a neglect or refusal of any of the States
to discharge this duty. But Congress was only
to exercise this power in an extreme contin-
gency, and any other exercise of it would be marked
by the reprobation of the people; and by the ap-
pearance of the present House of Representatives, (a
great portion of its members being new on that
floor,) he was impressed with the prophetic nature
of that remark of Mr. Madison.
It was thrown out in the early part of this debate,
that inasmuch as this law of Congress was an act
apportioning representatives among the several
States, which was itself constitutional, every-
thing which the act contained was constitutiona
likewise. This was a great error in reasoning; for
while one section of an act was constitutional, the
next might be unconstitutional. He did not deny
that Congress had the power to district the States;
but he did not concede that Congress had the power
which had been attempted to be exercised under the
circumstances.
What did the Congress then endeavor to do?
They endeavored to exercise the great constitution-
al privilege of providing for the States a law by
which they might be represented here. It was the
imperative and bounden duty of the States to do
this, if Congress had not stepped in and done it for
them, in virtue of their constitutional prerogative.
What did Congress do? Congress provided that
there should be representation by districts. That
was all. Well, was this a prudent user of the pow-
er, if they have it? No man would contend for
such a thing. Why? Because they left the States
in the dark as to the manner in which it should be
accomplished.
But gentlemen now declared that there was no
dictation or mandate to the States to form districts.
That was the whole difficulty. The constitution
never clothed Congress with this mandatory power;
and if it did, it should be exercised under circum-
stances which would recommend it to the bosom
