Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Summers.
25?
mid throw themselves into a paroxysm of patriotic
fervor in contemplating the horrible picture which
they themselves have drawn, of Congress issuing a
mandamus to the States! What has Congress done?
Where are its commands? Where is this dread
nionster yclept a mandamus? Look at the second
section of the apportionment act, the home and den
of the horrid beast armed with fangs and claws, and
ready to tear out the very vitals of the public liberty!
I think it will be found that gentlemen's terrors
have magnified a very harmless creature into one of
power and danger which do not belong to it. That
act commands nothing—it does not order the State
legislatures to do this or to do that. It simply pre-
scribes that, after its passage, elections to the House
of Representatives be held in districts—whatever of
command or of mandamus be necessary to insure
State action m conformity with that principle thus
announced, is left to the constitution. In that in-
strument will be found the only mandamus which
has been issued: the States "shall" prescribe all
regulations not prescribed by Congress. If gentle-
men wish to complain of authority, and talk about
mandamus and orders to the State legislatures, let
them complain of the constitution, and of the fathers
of the republic who made it, and not of an act of
Congress made under it.
Sir, even the report of the committee fully con-
cedes that the constitution makes it the imperative
duty of the State legislature to carry into effect so
much of the power over the time, places, and man-
ner of holding the elections as may not be embraced
by the legislation of Congress. It is true the report,
as I have already stated, takes the narrow and un-
slatesmanlikc ground, that time, place, and manner,
must be, hedged into separate categories; and that if
Congress acts upon either, it must act upon that
branch entire, so as to leave nothing for vState legis-
ttVm to act upon quoad that branch. I will read a
portion of the report, into which the deductions
from all its reasoning are drawn, and which may be
regarded as the pith and marrow of the whole paper.
"Hence we are brought irresistibly to the conclu-
sion, that a fair interpretation of this clause of the
constitution requires that Congress shall either des-
ignate the times, specify the places, and prescribe the
manner, by law, or leave it to the wnsdom and dis-
cretion of the several State legislatures.
"Butit does not necessarily follow, from this con-
struction, that Congress is compelled to exert all the
power conferred in that section, or to refrain from
the exercise of every portion of it. We insist upon
no such principle. Congress may proscribe the
times, the places, the manner, or either <?f them, in
its discretion. ]3ut if it attempts to control the time,
it must, designate the day by law; and so with
each other branch of the subject. We concede to
Congress the right to provide by law for the election
of members of Congress in each State of the Union,
on a certain day, to be named in the act, without
prescribing the places or manner of election. The
power to designate the places, or the manner, with-
out specifying the time, is equally clear; but when-
ever Congress assumes the power over one branch
of the subject, its legislation must be complete to
that extent, so as to execute itself without the inter-
vention of the State legislatures; and the residue
must be left to the States, to be exercised according
to their discretion under the constitution. So much
of the power as shall not be embraced in the legis-
lation of Congress, the constitution makes it the im-
perative duty of the States to carry into effect, and
constitutes them the sole and exclusive judges of the
mode and means best adapted to the end, without
the interference or contcol of Congress.'"
Now, sir, \veha\e in this report itself, which pre-
sents the only argument of the whole party, (if ar-
gument that may be teimed which consists of aver-
ment without proof, and assertion without reason,)
the concession that Congress may designate, by law,
the times, places and manner of holding the elec-
tions in the States. That it may do all, or apart,
and that what is left, undone by the law of Con-
gress it is the "imperative duty of the States to
cprry into effect." Now, sir, with this admission,
how con it be maintained for a moment that the act
of 1842 is invalid for want of constitutional power
in Congress to pass it? You may provide for
<ltime," and the State legislatures are bound to pro-
vide for place and manner. You may prescribe
time and place, and the legislature is still bound to
prescribe manner. But if you prescribe the district
system, which is a part of the manner, the legisla-
ture, although bound still to provide for time and
plaee? are not bound to form the districts, or to do
(17)
anything further that relates to manner. Why?
Because Congress has broken across the line which
gentlemen suppose divides these branches of legisla-
tton, and by some sort of magical power has in-
volved itself in the necessity of going through the
whole arena into which it has entered. These sub-
jects of time, place, and manner, all relate to the
same thing—they are all grouped together; and
Congress, by the constitution, and by the conces-
sions of the report, and of every one who has at-
tempted to sustain the report, has full power over
all of them. But yet Congress has not power over
the subdivisions and parcels of which they consist.
I tell you, Mr. Speaker, and I tell this House,
hat this ground is too narrow to stand upon, when
you shall be called by the people of this country to
justify yourselves for the direct violation and nullifi-
cation of a law of this land. Ours are a "law-lov-
ing and law-abiding people." They know that, in
the supremacy of the law, and in the firm and just
administration of it to all, consist the only safety of
rights, both public and private. It must be a clear
case, beyond all cavil and dispute, in which they
will hold him guiltless who, by his vote, has disre-
garded and annulled a solemn statute, enacted with
due reference to all the requisites of the constitu-
tion. I am apt to think, sir, that when this day's
work shall be reviewed in the great tribunal of ap-
peals—I mean before the people of this Union—the
narrow technical ground upon which this report at-
tempts to justify nullification, and all the miserable
excuses for this fresh stab upon the constitution,
will be swept to the winds, and that the perpetra-
tors of the deed will be pronounced without plea or
defence by the court of last resort.
Sir, what sense or potency is there in this argu-
ment for entirety and finality of legislation as re-
gards each branch, (as it is called in the report,) of
this power over elections? As to "time" and
"place," each may be considered a unit, and it
would be difficult to legislate in respect to either,
without finishing all that concerns them. But "the
manner of holding an election" comprehends many
things; and why should the arrangement of a part
of the manner by Congress compel the same body
to arrange the whole? We have seen that no such
necessity results from any disability brought upon
the State legislatures by the partial legislation of
Congress, it cannot flow from the words of the
constitution, for these would compel State legisla-
tion to begin where the legislation of Congress ter-
minates.
It seems to me5 Mr. Speaker, that the whole force
of the committee's report may be well tested by a
simple illustration, which the members of the bar
will at least comprehend, and to which I invite the
special attention of the gentleman from Illinois who
made this report, [Mr. Douglass,] and who I un-
derstood occupied a seat on the bench of the supreme
court of the State which he comes.
A owns three houses, each consisting of several
rooms or apartments. He leases these three houses
to B for a term of years, under a,written lease, con-
taining this covenant: 4lThe said B shall, during the
term of this lease, constantly keep the several rooms
of said houses occupied; provided, hoviever, that JI,
the ovmer thereof \ may himself at any time, occupy said
rooms." Under this lease, B, the tenant, enters and
fills the various rooms of these three houses, and
continues them so occupied for two years. At this
time, A, the owner, enters one room of house num-
ber 3, not disturbing, however, any of the other
apartments or rooms of that house, or interfering in
any manner with the occupancy of them by B.
Hereupon B withdraws himself from house number
3 altogether, and refuses to fill any of the rooms
thereof, or pay rent for the same, alleging that, inas-
much as A, the owner, has thought proper to enter
one of the rooms of that building, he must take the
whole of it off his hands; that lie (B) is thereby re-
leased from the covenant to keep it occupied. Now,
sir, suppose this case should arise before the gentle-
man from Illinois, sitting as a judge in oouit, and
not as a politician in this assembly, how would he
dispose of the case? He would read the covenant,
which prescribes that B "shall, during the term of
this lease, constantly keep the several rooms of said
houses occupied." Yes, answers B, but A has en-
tered and occupied a room in house No. 3, under
the proviso of the lease, and I am not obliged to
keep the'other rooms of that house filled. How!
says the judge; is there anything in this lease which
compels A, if he occupies one room of one of these
houses, tu occupy all the rooms of that house? No, sir;
it is not so provided in the lease. Well? in entering
H. of Reps.
that room, has A disturbed your possession of the
residue of the apartments in that building, or done
anything to prevent or disable you from occupying;
them? "No, sir; he has not; they are all empty; I
could occupy them if I chose to do so, but I do not
choose to occupy a house, a part of which he occu-
pies, and I am released from my obligation to do so;
that which was an express duty under the lease, has
been converted by his act into a matter of choice on
my part." The judge would soon settle this quib-
ble, and tell the^ delinquent that, under the covenant
which he had signed, he was bound to keep occu-
pied the several apartments of all these houses, and
that there was no release from that obligation, save
by an entry of the landlord under the proviso,
which he had expressly reserved in the lease, and
then only to the extent of that enry, and the conse-
quent disability of the tenant to perform. Sir, is
there any lawyer in this House who would make any-
other decision? I call upon the gentleman from Illi-
nios to say how he would decide such a case, and to
distinguish between the case put and the proposition
of his report, if he can. • '
It is said that an act of Congress, to be operative,
must, per se, act upon the people of the United States,
without the intervention of the State legislatures. If
this be true, all the apportionment laws which we
have had, from the foundation of the government,
have been invalid; all the elections under them have
been void; and, consequently, every law made by
Congress since 1792 has been without force. The
constitution only provides that an apportionment of
representatives shall be made; that the number of
representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty
thousand, and that the enumeration of the people,
shall be made once in every ten years. Now, all
that has ever been done heretofore by Congress was
to fix the ratio of representation, and to say -what
number of persons should be entitled to a represent-
ative. The State legislature have done all the rest.
If, then, an act of Congress is void, which has to be
aided in its execution by State laws, these various
apportionment acts have been void. But, I shall bo
answered, that the necessity of State legislation in
this case does not render void the act of the general
government, because the constitution itself provides,
in the very case, that the State legislatures shall pre-
scribe the regulations to carry out the apportionment
law, whenever Congress shall not provide such reg-
ulations. True; and here we are run into the form-
er question, and here ends all difficulty with thist
specious objection. However true the proposition
might be in the general, that an act of Congress, to
to be valid and operative, must execute itself with-
out the aid of State enactments, it has no .force
here, for the reason that the constitution itself
commands State legislation in this very case, and, aa
I hope I have shown, commands it to begin -\vliere
general legislation ends, and to cover all the ground
not embraced by such legislation. But, sir, this
proposition is not true in reference to other subjects,
where no such combined or concurrent legislation is
contemplated by the constitution. We have seen,
in a variety of instances, brought to the notice of tlia
House, by gentlemen who have preceded me, that
laws of Congress, requiring the aid of State action
to carry them into execution, have been passed; and
that, as to them, their validity and constitutionality
have never been questioned. Among them are the.
acts of Congress in relation to arming the militia,
concerning weights and measures, &c.
Of this character I think the act of 1799, as to the
time of electing electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, is a striking example-
The constitution provides that "Congress may de-
termine the time of.choosing the electors, and the
day on which they shall give their votes, which
day shall be the same throughout the Uniied States.•
How (lid Congress exccute this power? It passed
an act which provides that "electors shall be ap-
pointed in each State, for the election of a President,
and Vice President of the United States, within
thirty-four days preceding the first Wednesday in.
December, in every fourth year succeeding the last
election."
This law did not execute itself, as gentlemen call
it.. It could have no operation without the action of
the State legislatures. It did not fix the time. All
that it did was to designate the terminus each way,
and then left it to the legislatures to adopt such
day between those designated terms as to thern„
respectively, might seem proper. Most of th«
States have adopted the same day in November
for the election of electors, but this election is held
on different days in swraj 9f tltS States. Whw*
