CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
of all patriotic men. If Congress acted at all in the
• premises, they were bound to act so as to give to
the States an entire guide for their proceeding. It
was impossible to distinguish between the extent to
be exercised by each authority, if it were to be di-
vided. If the States attempt to exercise the power,
aed yet, either through the imperfection or the pau-
city of their laws, leave the matter in such a condi-
tion as that they could not be represented, then
he held it was the right of Congress to step in
and enable the States to do what they had failed to
do themselves. He supposed it was the intention of
the framers of the constitution to keep the powers
of the general and State governments seperate and
distinct; and in his judgment, if there was, on any
occasion, an jffort to keep the powers of the general
and State governments separate and distinct, it was
in regard to this very branch of it, which they had
had under consideration. Much as he had been
taught to reverence the powers of the Congress of
the United States, he had, on the other hand, been
instructed and educated in the belief that equal rev-
erence and equal respect were due to the legislative
power of the States when they exercised that power
according to the true extent to which they were en-
titled to go. And while he would pay all due re-
spect to a law of Congress, he would claim the priv-
ilege of inspecting it, to ascertain whether that law
was constitutional; and he would exercise this right
just as fearlessly as he would if he had to examine
only a law of one of the States. Here, they were placed
in a position where they were obliged to examine a
law which had been disregarded; in respect to which
the will of Congress had been rendered of no effect.
And he had no hesitation in saying that, in his opin-
^ ion, Congress having failed to prescribe a perfect
guide, had left the States at liberty to resort to the
authority originally possessed by them; and that
they had done but a constitutional act in sending
members elected under their own laws; and that act
must be sustained by that House.
He had made these brief remarks in explanation
of the ground he took. He would have said noth-
ing were it not that, at an early day of the session,
some of the protesting members made a very grave,
and, as he' believed, objectionable charge against
those gentlemen whose elections were questioned,
that they had been guilty of perjury. Men sometimes
set up the feeble standard of their own corrupt
hearts, by which to judge others; but from such
judgments, he prayed God might deliver him and
them.
Mr. WOOD WARD said he should address the
House on this subject without any of that prepara-
tion which was ordinarily resorted to, by those who
were desirous of acquitting themselves with cred-
it. The subject had been sprung upon him some-
what by surprise. He had intended to discuss it,
not, however, without making such preparation
as would enable him to do something like jus-
tice to it. He proposed, however, notwithstanding
his want of formal preparation, to embrace this early
opportunity to lay his views before the House; be-
cause, on this occasion, as on every other on which
he should address the House, his purpose would be
to furnish arguments. This was not a place for ora-
torical display; it was a place of deliberation—such
deliberation as would satisfy the understandings of
men. He scarcely knew how to take up the various
points involved in this discussion. There was the
question of jurisdiction, whether this House, as a
judicial body, could entertain a question involving
the constitutionality of a law of Congress; and there
was the question whether the States were amenable
to the commands and orders of Congress. He would
Eroceed. however, in his own way, as he should
ring before the House points which had not yet
been touched upon in debate, etther in that hall or
elsewhere. He would pursue his own particular
order.
When this question was first made before the
community, he, like most other persons, forming bis
opinion on the first blush, entertained no doubt as
to the right of Congress to pass this law. When he
left home, he entertained no doubt upon the subject;
but it so happened that, on his way to Washington,
he fell in with a friend, a member from one of the
States which had pursued the general-ticket system
of election; and being consulted by him as to what
the prospects were, he had stated that, in his opin-
ion, these members elected by general ticket would
have a right to take their seats m the first instance;
but he saw no prospect of their retaining them. He
came here, then, without prejudices, and under no
party constraint of restraint; and the opinions which
he now rose to advance before the House were the
very opposite from his first impressions upon the
|ubject, and the very reverse of all his predilections.
He had looked upon the subject only for the pur-
pose of being assured that his first opinions were
not wrong, from a sense of duty that, before acting
on the rights of his friends, or undertaking to ex-
clude gentlemen from their seats upon that floor, he
ought to be assured that he was sustained in the de-
termination to which he had arrived. He proceeded
to argue that the power of Congress with regard to
elections could only be claimed as a forfeiture,
through the delinquency or the laches of the States.
He contended that Congress had not the power to
district the States themselves; and if they had, they
had no right to coerce the legislation of the States.
There must be a place indicated, a mode of holding
the elections indicated, and the time must be indi-
cated; neither of which, Mr. W. contended, would
be sufficient without the others. He maintained,
therefore, that the constitution gave to Congress the
least possible adequate power; and that the enu-
meration of time, mode, and place, was not to en-
large the powers of Congress, but simply to give
adequacy and sufficiency—nothing more. There
was one proposition laid, down by gentlemen that
he must notice, for it was out of the "fallacy of this
proposition that sprung all their fallacious reason-
ings on the subject. They confounded the hold-
ing the elections with the elective franchise it-
self. Under the power to provide for the man-
ner of holding elections, they undertook to legis-
late on the manner of exercising the elective fran-
chise. There consisted all the fallacy. He held
that the elective power of the people of South
Carolina belonged to them, like all other rights,
subject to the regulation of the legislature; and
the elective franchise belonged to them as an
inherent right, and not by virtue of the constitution.
Now, it was true, that the constitution creates the
offices of the government, and that the members
had no right to office on that floor, unless the con-
stitution created the office; but when the office was
created, who was it that elected the officer, and by
what right' The community whom he is to serve
must elect him, and this was a fundamental right
belonging to them. Congress might determine what
the office should be, but could not determine for
them who is to choose the person to fill the office.
The power as given under the constitution is, that
the people of the States shall elect their representa-
tives. Now, if Congress claimed the power to dis-
trict the States, where the people held the franchise
jointly as an organized community, it undertook to
cut them up, and divide them into integral parts, and
thus essentially impair their rights. Under such
authority, Congress might make a law creating dis-
tricts of vast inequality, which would most material-
ly affect the franchise of the citizens. Here Mr.
W. cited several supposed cases, to show how the
exercise of this power by Congress invaded the
elective franchise. After some further remark, Mr.
W. said that the proposition he intended to estab-
lish was, that the power of Congress to regulate
the time, place, and manner of holding elections
was restricted to the operation of the election itself,
and in no degree involved the manner in which the
people shall exercise the elective franchise.
He begged leave to draw the attention of the
House to a distinction which he deemed an import-
ant one. With regard to the power of the States,
there was no subordination, nor any relation of sub-
ordination, between the State legislatures and the
Congress of the United States. They were coherent
bodies, deriving their powers from a common source.
Their positions were collateral to each other, and
their legislation was co-ordinate, and Congress could
not repeal a law of a State legislature. He was
illustrating this position, when the Speaker apprized
him of the expiration of his hour.
Mr. M. BROWN said the question before the
House was involved in a very narrow compass. It
was, however, a question of vital importance to this
country. This, he contended, was not a question of
the reserved rights of the States; it was not a ques-
tion of strict construction. The clause m the con-
stitution under discussion provides that the States
shall regulate the time, place, and manner of hold-
ing the elections. But it went on, and provided that
Congress might, at any time, alter those regulations.
Now, what was the obvious legal effect of this
clause of the constitution? There was a discretion
given to Congress respecting the exercise of this
power, "at any time," for that was the language of
the constitution.
It was admitted that Congress' could occupy the
whole ground. What then was.the objection to the
law of the 27th Congress? It was said tae exercise of
that power was void, because it did not go far enough;
that ta, if Congress had gone the full lengthy an'd occu-
pled the whole ground, the power Was unquestion-
able. Now he; understood the possession of the
whole power includes any and every part; and if it
was conceded that Congress possessed the power to
occupy the whole ground, it must be conceded that
Congress could occupy any part of the ground.
In relation to the concurrent powers of the State
legislatures, and of the Congress of the United
States, he quoted Chancellor Kent, and Mr. Justice
Story, to show that, if those powers were conflict-
ing, the legislation of the supreme power' must
govern. The State legislatures could legislate
until Congress occupied the ground. Now this
clause of the constitution gives the State legislatures
power to prescribe the times, places, and manner of
holding elections; and it likewise gave to Congres*
the power to control that legislation. In the exer-
cise of this power by the 97th Congress, it had
been contended that political capital was sought to
be made of it; but he contended that Congress, in
passing that law, was governed only by a desire to
produce uniformity.
Mr. COLLAMER obtained the floor.
Mr. SENTER moved that the House adjourn;
and the vote being taken by tellers, resulted thus:
45 in the affirmative, and 60 m the negative.
So the motion did not prevail.
Mr. COLLAMER then proceeded to address the
House. It was the first occasion, he said, which
had ever arisen, where one branch of the legislature
of this Union had been called upon to decide as to
the validity of an act of the Congress of the United
States, which had been passed by all the various
branches of the law-making power. And it seemed
to him, therefore, that a very great degree of caution
was demanded on the part of that House, foras-
much as they had themselves constituted a branch
of that law-making power, by which this act was
Mr. C. argued at considerable length in favor of
the constitutionality of the law, and the obligation
on the part of the States to acquiesce. At the con-
clusion of his remarks,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. R. SMITH: The memorial of sundry
citizens of Randolph county, Illinois, remonstrating
against the pledging of the public lands, for the
purpose of borrowing money: referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Randolph
county, Illinois, praying the annexation of Texas
to the United States: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Randolph
county, Illinois, praying a modification of the natu-
ralization laws, so as to prevent abolitionists from
becoming naturalized: referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of Charles W. Hunter, and one
hundred and fifteen others, citizens of Madison
county, Illinois, remonstrating against the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Mrs. Lydia
Turner, of Scituate, Massachusetts, fbr an amend-
ment of the pension act of 183S.
By Mr. BUFFINOTON: The petition of John
Bredin and ninety-eight others, citizens of Butler
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the construction
of a national Macadamized road from the Cumber-
land road, near the base of Laurel Hill, by the ar-
senals of Pittsburg and Meadville, to the harbor of
Erie.
Also, the petition of Samuel A. Gilmore and six-
ty-four others, citizens of Butler county, Pennsyl-
vania, of similar import.
Also, the petition of Jacob Libengood, a revolu-
tionary invalid soldier, praying for a pension.
Also, the petition of James Donahay, a soldier of
the revolutionary and Indian wars, praying for a
pension.
By Mr. BURKE: The petition of Moses Davis,
praying to be placed on the roll of invalid pension-
ers.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of citizens of
