CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*4£
to Esther T. Burroughs, the widow of N. Bur-
roughs, a revolutionary soldier, the benefit of the
law of Congress granting half-pay arid pension to
certain widows of those who served in the revolu-
tion.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Ephraim D. Dick-
son; which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing; and, with the report accompanying, ordered to
■, be printed.
^ Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the Senate bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of William Walk-
er, reported the same back without amendment, ac-
companied by a report in writing, in favor of its in-
definite postponement; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MERRICK, on leave, introduced a bill to di-
rect a transfer to the State of Maryland of the
stock held by the United States in the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, on certain conditions; trhich was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which had been referred a memorial
of Henry Newman, praying to be refunded certain
purchase money paid by him for a tract of land, and
a bill for his relief, made a report in writing; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, on leave, introduced a bill to autho-
rize the payment of equitable commissions to the
agents or attorneys of persons in whose favor
awards have been made under three several treaties
made between the United States and certain foreign
powers, whose awards have been returned into the
treasury, in payment of debts due the United States;
which was read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the law to provide for the settlement of
the claims of the.State of Georgia against the gov-
ernment of the United States, as to effect a more
prompt and equitable adjustment of the same.
FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
Mr. ALLEN moved to postpone the previous
orders of the day, with a view to take up the bill
from the House to refund the fine imposed on
General Jackson.
Mr. ARCHER said, it seemed to him desirable
that some notice should be given in regard to the
proposition to take up this bill, before the Senate
proceeded to its consideration. He believed that
several gentlemen were desirous of giving their vote
upon it one way or another; and as the Senate was
rather thin to-day, lie hoped the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Allen] would have no objection to postponing
it till to-morrow.
Mr. ALLEN replied that the Senator [Mr. Ar-
cher] would remember that, two days ago, he (Mr.
A.) had given notice of his intention to make a mo-
tion this morning to proceed to the consideration of
the bill.
Mr. ARCHER said he was not aware of that
fact, having been abent on that day.
Air. MOREHEAD desired that the gentleman
would postpone his motion to take up the bill till
to-morrow. The Senate was so thinly attended that
many could not vote upon it who were anxious to
give their votes.
Mr. ALLEN observed that the Senate was quite
as full to-day as it was likely, from the appearance
of the weather, to be to-morrow.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he should suppose it
could not be a matter of very great consequence
whether the bill be considered to-day or to-morrow.
Several gentlemen were absent in another quarter of
the Capitol, attending a case of deep interest. He
hoped the senator [Mr. Allen] would not press the
subject. To-morrow he would concur with him in
bringing it up. As a matter of courtesy towards
those senators who were absent, he suggested the
propriety of not pressing its consideration this
morning.
Mr. ALLEN replied that, if this were a mere
matter of feeling, there would be a manifest pro-
priety in the postponement of the bill; but, as he
had stated the other day, he had some reason to be-
lieve that it would pass, possibly without a division
of the body, or even a call for the yeas and nays.
If it was the design of the senator [Mr. Morehead]
that a vote should be taken upon it, as a matter of
course it would become the subject-matter of con-
flict; but, otherwise, he did not believe such would
be the case. In saying this, however, he felt bound
to say, likewise, that he was not authorized to
make the declaration from any intercourse he had
had with senators on the other side; but from that
general understanding which it was well known
sometimes existed between members of this body,
in reference to matters upon which there was no
very great difference of opinion. He had risen to
express the hope that the appropriate hour of the
day might be disposed of in the way which he had
suggested. He had given due notice that he would
move to call up the bill; and he now said to the
senators on the other side, that if they agreed to
take it up to-morrow, and would shape the busi-
ness of the morning hour so as to leave time to
take it up, he would cheerfully acquiesce in the sug-
gestion. In the motion which he had made to call
it up this morning, there could be no impropriety,
since his reason for making it was, as he had stated
the other day, that the speedy action of the Senate
upon it was rendered extremely desirable by the
precarious health of a venerable man; and the un-
certainty of its passage previous to his death. There
was every prospect of nis death at a period not far
distant; and if it was the object, by the passage of
the bill, to relieve him from the imputation which
rested upon him, it was necessary that it should be
done immediately.
If senators would say that they would take it up
to-morrow morning, previous to 1 o'clock, and come
with a determination to act upon it, whether the
Senate was full or thin, as a matter of course it
would be improper in him to press the motion to
take it up now.
Mr. MERRICK said that his colleague [Mr.
Pearce] had, while a member of the other House,
taken an active part in this question, and lie knew
that gentleman was desirous to give his vote upon
it. He [Mr. P.] was absent from the city, and was
expected here to-day. He had not yet arrived; but
probably would to-night. It was not particularly
urgent that the bill should be considered at this time;
and he (Mr. M.) hoped it -syould be postponed for a
day or two.
Mr. AJLLEN was understood to say that he could
not defer his motion upon any such uncertain con-
tingency.
Mr. SEVIER rose to a question of order, as to
whether the pending motion was debatable or not.
The CHAIR intimated to the senator from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Sevier] that the pending motion, being
to postpone the previous orders with a view of
taking up the bill, was debatable.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he had no great concern
about this matter, so far as he was personally inte-
rested. It was his purpose, when the bill came up,
to make a few remarks, with a view of assigning the
reasons which would induce him not to vote for it.
Ever since the question had been pending before the
Senate, he had desired to assign some reasons in re-
fard to the vote which he contemplated, wholly in-
ependent of any personal reference to Gen. Jack-
son, or political opinion; but in reference to what he
considered the great principle involved in the ques-
tion. He had referred to some authorities on the
subject, with a view of showing how far it would
become the Senate, under existing circumstances, to
act favorably on this bill, regarding it as having a
tendency to decide a great question in which the
principles of government were involved. He was
not prepared to address the Senate now, but if the
bill should be taken up, he was prepared to vote.
He preferred, however, that the subject should lie
over till to-morrow, as there was 110 pressing neces-
sity for its consideration at this time, 111 the point of
view suggested by the senator from Ohio, [Mr. Al-
len.] A day would not be likely to produce any
material difference.
He should be extremely pleased to minister to the
gratification of General Jackson's friends, and facili-
tate them in the accomplishment of any purpose
they had in view on the subject suggested by the
senator from Ohio. If the bill was to pass, he should
be glad himself that it would pass before General
Jackson descended to the grave; but he did not sup-
pose one day would make any difference. He did
not regard this as a question which involved any
political or party considerations, and he would not
speak upon it or vote upon it as such. If the Senate
thought proper to take it up now, very good; but he
prefered waiting till to-morrow.
Mr. SEVIER suggested that, if the senators on
the other side would permit the bill to be taken up
and ordered to be engrossed, the senator from Ken-
tucky (Mr. Moreheab] could make his remarks o 
its final passage.
The question was then taken on the (notion of
Mr. Allen to postpone the previous orders, with a
view to take the bill up", and decided in the negative
by a vote of yeas 18, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Beaton,
Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton,. Hamiegan,
Haywood, Huger, King, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wood-
bury, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs.'Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Francis, Huntington, Jarna-
gin, Man?urn, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter
of Michian, Simmons, Tallmadge, Upham, and Woodbridge
—22.
THE TARIFF—THE COMPROMISE ACT.
The CHAIR announced the unfinished business
—being the resolution of the Committee on Finance
for the indefinite postponement of the bill introduced
by Mr. McDoffie, for reducing the rates of duties
under the present tariff to the standard of the com-
promise act.
Mr. WOODBURY resumed his address to the
Senate, and spoke for two hours. When he stop-
ped yesterday, lie was demonstrating that the pre%
ent high tariff was destructive in its effects to the
home markets, and injurious and oppressive to nav-
igation, commerce, and every useful article of do-
mestic produce. It was not on opinions that he had
formed this conclusion; nor was it opinions that he
would offer to the Senate to support his views: he
would offer facts, drawn from such sources as to do
away with the possibility of a doubt of their au-
thenticity; and those facts, he felt convinced, if dis-
passionately considered, would satisfy the support-
ers of the tariff that there was but a slight differ-
ence in principle between its advocates and oppo-
nents.
Mr. W. then preceeded to quote from a tabular
document published under the authority of the
Treasury Department, and which showed that, from
the year after the passing of the tariff of 1816—name-
ly, from 1817—up to the year 1831, the revenue, in
spite of its protective duties, continued annually to
diminish; and when, in 1831, it did increase, that
was effected by importing, in enormous quantities,
foreign goods, the produce of foreign loans—import-
ations, not for the supply of a steady or whole-
some demand, but the produce of speculative credit;
the consequences of wnich, he need scarcely say,
were felt by the disastrous revulsions of 1836 and
1837.
When speaking, yesterday, of the effect that a re-
duction of duty had on coffee in England, he was
asked what its price was. He had since referred to
a book then before liim, and found that, at the pe-
riod of the reduction of the duty, coffee was lower
in price than it had been for years before; and that,
when the duty was reduced from one shilling to six-
pence per pound 011 West India, and from two shil-
lings and sixpence to one shilling and threepence on
foreign coffee, the effect on price was a proportionate
reduction, and an increase of nearly double in revenue.
Under the high duty, the revenue on coffee amount-
ed to ^£420,988; and when that duty was reduced
one-half, the revenue swelled to .£921,551—being
more than double what it was under the high duty.
The doing away with duty on coffee had precisely
the same effect in this country: previous to coffee
being made free in 1832, its price was, on an average,
21 cents per pound; but since that period it could
be had for 5 cents per pound. He then alluded to
the article of sugar, the duty on which the late Mr.
Huskisson expressed himself afraid to meddle with,
lest he should, by doing so, earn for the British
government the hostility of the East India company
and the body of West India planters, whose direct
interests would be interfered with by such reduc-
tion. The duty on sugar remained unchanged; on it
there was no reduction, but 011 the revenue there
was a great reduction. The high duties on sugar lim-
ited its demand to such an extent as to reduce the rev-
enue arising from it full one-half; while coffee, with
duties reduced one-half, returned double the amount
of revenue paid by it before the redaction. There
was one illustration nearer home, which would go
far to show the improvements effected in the bill
of 1828 by that of 1842. The latter increased the
duties on dye-wood, used in cotton printing, over
100 per cent. This fact spoke for itself. He did
not think it necessary to go into further details 011
those heads, but was ready to do so if questioned.
When the bill of 1828 was under consideration, the
minimum price of printed cotton was put down to
30 cents per square yard, to which was added a
