laft. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
28th Cong 1st Sess
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Stiles.
H. of Reps.
the fallacy of these calculations. The spark which
dropped fell amidst inflammable materials; and the
breath which it was supposed would extinguish,
Only enkindled the flame. It lias shot with terrific
rapidity through the land. Stopped neither by
patriotism, principle, or party, it is now causing the
very elements of our constitution to "melt with fer-
vent heat;" and will, if not arrested by us in this
hall, prove to our country its "last great conflagra-
tion."
The question now before the House, which in-
volves this important subject, is, in substance, the
retention or rejection of the 25th rale, providing for
the exclusion of abolition petitions. Being in favor
of retaining the rule, I shall consider, with the lim-
ited opportunity that the hour rule allows, the objec-
tions to such a course. Those objections consist,
as the opponents of the rule contend, in its being a
violation of the constitution, and an abridgment of
the right of petition. What part of the constitu-
tion does it violate, and upon what part do
the opponents of the rule rest? I am answered,
the first amendment. And what does the first
amendment prescribe? That " Congress shall
make no law abridging the right of the people
peaceably to assemble, and to petition the gov-
ernment for a redress of grievances." To analyze
the clause: first, Congress shall make no law. Con-
gress has made no law; this is but one branch of the
government, and it can make no law. Congress does
not propose to make a law. But it has been said
that the rule accomplishes the same object—it
abridges the right of petition; it violates the spirt
and intent of the constitution. The letter of the
constitution, it cannot be denied, is not violated by
the rule; and before it can be violated, some law,
some legislative enactment to that effect must be
passed by Congress. But the spirit and intent of
of the constitution: let us look to that. To discover
this, we must refer to its history. What is the
history of the first amendment, and from whence
was it derived? This point having been fully dis-
cussed, and the acts relative to the subject read by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,]
and subsequently by the member from Alabama,
[Mr. Belser,] I may here be permitted to be
brief, and to content myself with stating simply the
conclusions to which history inesistibly leads. Not
to go father back in point of time, it is sufficient to
state that in the thirteenth year of the reign of
Charles II, an act of Parliament was passed abridg-
ing the right of the people peaceably to assemble
and petition for a redress of grievances. This act
created great and universal dissatisfaction among
the people, in prohibiting them from assembling,
preventing their petitioning, and punishing with in-
carceration all who attempted its infringement. The
oppressive operation of the riot acts being sensibly
felt in this country about the time of the formation
of the constitution, and the obnoxious statute of
Charles II being still of force here, led to the adop-
tion of the first amendment of the constitution.
"It was the right of the people to assemble and peti-
tion" which they held most sacred, and to the in-
vasion of which they seemed most strongly op-
posed. It was this subject, and not the reception of
petitions, that elicited the thrilling eloquence of Pox
to which the gentleman from North Carolina allu-
ded. !t was his opposition to "the proclamations of
1795" against seditious meetings. It was because
the liberty to assemble was considered the more im-
portant right, that Pox contended for it, instead of
l'or the reception of petitions; and not for the reason
(stated, that the "proposition to receive petitions was
never at that time disputed." Let me tell that hon-
orable gentleman, and also the member from New
Vorlt, [Mr. Beardslev,] who stated that Parliament
never rejected petitions, that the "proposition was
ot that time never disputed" that Parliament was
possessed of, and exercised fully the right of re-
ceiving or rejecting petitions at pleasure.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Winthrop,] not content with mere assertion, has
endeavored to sustain the position by reference to
authority.
But although assertion, in matters of law or pre-
cedent, is the feeblest and most unsatisfactory aid
which can be invoked, yet, from the result of his ef-
fort, it is but too perceptible that those who pre-
ceded him, and who relied upon assertion alone,
pursued at least the more politic and prudent course.
After a laborious search (I have no doubt) through
Hatsell's work upon parliamentary precedents, he
Jaas succeeded in discovering a single sentence which
(teemed to sustai  his point; and it is not surprising
that he should have grasped at it with the avidity
which he manifested, and to have desired for
It the enviable distinction of a golden inscription up-
on upon the pillars of this hall. This sentence, the
mere dictum of the author, is in opposition to the
practice of Parliament, as manifested in almost eve-
ry page of the work, and contradicted even by the
sentences which immediately precede and immedi-
ately follow it. (Mr. S. here read the passage
relied on by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and the ones immediately before and after it.)
By the preceding sentence, then, the "practice of
refusing petitions" is clearly acknowledged; whilst,
by the subsequent one, th« "declining to receive a
petition" is "not considered as a hardship.
From a hasty examination of the work introduced
Dy the gentleman from Massachusetts himself, (and
as to the merits of which I will not dissent from the
high eulogium he has pronounced upon it,) I find a
continued practice of rejecting petitions not confined,
to the period referred to by that gentleman—1668;
but extending from that time down to 1795, com-
mencing Hatsell, p. 16C, as follows:
"9th April, 1894, petition against duties on tonnage
rejected.
"28th April, 1698, petition against duties on pit coal
rejected.
"29th and 30th June, 1698, petition against duties
on Scotch linens and whale fins rejected.
"5th January, 1703, petition against duties on malt
liquor rejected.
"21st'December, 1706, Resolved, That the house
will receive no petition for any sum relating to the
public service but what is recommended by the
crown.
"11th June, 1713, this is dcclarcd to be a standing
order of the house.
"23d April, 1713, Resolved, That the house will re-
ceive no petition for compounding debts, &c.
"25th March, 1715, this is declared the standing
order of the house.
"8th March, 1732, a petition being offered against
a bill depending for securing the trade of the sugar
colonies, it was refused to be brought up. A motion
was then made that a committee be appointed to
search precedents in relation to the receiving, or not
receiving, petitions against the imposing of duties;
and the question being put, it passed in the negative.
"28th January, 1760, a petition against duties on
malt liquor being offered, on motion 'that it b#
brought up,' it passed in the negative, nem. con.
"15th February, 1765, a petition from Virginia,
Connecticut, and Carolina, against the bill imposing
a stamp duty in America being offered, upon ques-
tion of its 'being brought up,' it passed in the neg-
ative.
"On the 1st July, 1789, a petition of newsmen
against a bill for granting additional stamp duties on
newspapers, being offered, it was passed in the neg-
ative.
"On the 4th of March, 1789, a petition of certain
importers and dealers m foreign wines, praying
against an augmentation of duties, on motion 'that
the petition be brought up,' it passed m the nega-
tive, nem. con."
I am authorized, then, in stating, that Parliament
was not only in the practice of rejecting petitions,
but, by resolution, of excluding whole classes of
them; and that, too, upon the matter of taxation—of
all others the most important to the subject, and one
upon which the right of petition should be held
most sacred.
The course proposed to be pursued by the oppo-
nents of the rule, viz: that of receiving all petitions,
is not sustained by parliamentary practice; but as
we are referred by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. B.j "for instmction to England"—(instruction
in humanity and liberty, I suppose,)—let us look be-
yond the acts to the motives of Parliament. Let us
see how the reasoning of the opponents of this rule
corresponds with that of Parliament in the rejection
of petitions.
Hatsell, page 206, after laying down the rule by
which petitions were rejected, states: "The princi-
ple upon which this rule was adopted appears to be
this: that a tax extending, in its effect, over every
part of the kingdom, and more or less affecting
every individual, and in its nature necessarily and
intentionally imposing a burden upon the people, it
can answer no end or purpose whatever, for any set
of petitioners to state these consequences as a griev-
ance to-the House." Now, how do the opponents
of this rule reason? An institution (slavery) "ex-
tending in its effect" not beyond the slaveholding
States, "affecting" no one out of those limits, and
in its nature "imposing" no "burdens upon the peo-
ple," yet it may "answer" an "end" and a "pur-
pose" for "a set of petitioners to state" the institu-
tion "as a grievance to the House." Again, in the
next sentence, "the House of Commons, before
they come to a resolution which imposes a tax, can-
not but know that it may sensibly affect the com-
merce or manufacture on which the duty is laid; but
they cannot permit the inconvenience that
may possibly be brought upon a particular
branch of trade, to weigh with them when put
in the balance with those advantages which are in-
tended to result to the whole, and which the public
necessities of the state demand from them." How,
in this regard, do the advocates of reception reason
here? That Congress cannot but know that slavery,
which does not "sensibly affect commerce or manu-
factures," nor impair omt/"particular branch of trade,"
yat wii.i. permit the fanat icism which alone opposes it
"to weigh with them, when put in the balance witk
those advantages which are intended to result to the whole,
mid wh ich the public necessities of the state demand of
them."
In other words, the opponents of this rule reason
that, in England, although the petitioners are bur-
dened with taxation even to poverty and want, their
petitions must be rejected; while in America, where
petitioners are burdened with nothing but their own
sickly sensibilities, their petitions must be received,
notwithstanding they pray for the destruction of a
constitution from which they derive unparalleled,
liberty and happiness. And what is still more
strange, the rejection of the former (according to
the position of the gentleman from Massachusetts)
is no infringement of the right of petition, while
a rejection ot' the latter is a total annihilation of this
great "inherent and inalienable right."
The most objectionable feature of this "odious
rule," (as he is pleased to term it,) the gentleman
from Massachusetts thinks, is that which under-
takes "to prescribe the subjects upon which the peo-
ple may or may not petition." This feature he de-
nounces as being "at war with the constitution, and
in opposition to all parliamentary rule."
The rule contended for only prescribes that peti-
tions aimed against the constitution shall not bejre-
ceived. That such a feature is not at war with the
constitution, I will soon attempt to show; but at
present, while upon parliamentary practice, I would
inquire whether such a feature, even to the extent,
for which the gentleman contends, is "in opposition
to all parliamentary rule." Not to proceed farther,
the very parliamentary rule to which I have had oc-
casion to refer provides that petitions against duties
shall not be received. Now, I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether that is not an under-
taking, on the part of Parliament, "to prescribe the
subject upon which the people may or may not pe-
tition."
[Here the Speaker announced that the morning
hour had expired.]
January 30.
The report of the Select Committee on the Rules
again coming up—
Mr. STILES resumed and concluded his re-
marks, as follows:
When I last addressed the House, before conclu-
ding, I had shown, by reference to Hatsell's parliamen-
tary Precedents that petitions against taxes were re-
jected by Parliament. Now, sir, as we are referred
to England for the rule of our conduct, upon what
principle was it that petitions against taxes were
always rejected in England > It was that taxes were
necessary for the suppoit of government. But X
ask, sir, if nothing besides taxes are necessary for
the support of go\ eminent? Are not national faith
and national honor necessary for the support of gov-
ernment' Can any government in the world last a mo-
ment without them? Can dollars and cents be placed
in the scale against faith and honor? Are not the
faith and honor of the nation pledged upon the sub-
ject of slavery? Would the slaveholding States
ever have entered the Union—would our southern
fathers ever have signed the constitution, unless
their rights had been secured by that instrument'
Will not that Union be dissolved, whenever the
government shall, instead of protecting, plunder
them of their property? Yes, sir, slavery and the
constitution have flourished together; their existence
is the same, and inseparable; and if folly and mad-
ness shall destroy the one, the other will follow it to
he tomb. But to return to the argument from which
I have deviated, to reply to the gentleman lrora
Massachusetts. Parliament, I have shown, were ill
