246
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
duty of 25 per cent.; this made it actually 7| cents
per yard. But how did the bill of 1842 legislate
on this article? It took the same minimum of
thirty cents per square yard, and then added 30
per cent, duty^ being 5 per cent, more than the bill
of 1828; and, by doing so, raised the price actually
100 per cent., inasmuch as cotton, that cost eight
■cents per yard in 1828, only cost four cents per
yard in 1843. On the subject of markets, he
had with him the authority of Dr. Franklin, who
says: "Yourcannot find markets for your produce, un-
less you become buyers as well as sellers." The
present tariff, Mr. W. contended, had a direct ten-
dency to check both selling and buying; and its re-
sult, if persisted in, would be to cutoff ail trade with
foreign nations; there was nothing reciprocal
in it, and its supporters might, with benefit to the
country in this case, follow the example of England.
England took more than one half of our domestic
exports—not merely cotton, but grain, flour, and
wheat—those great essentials on which the pros-
perity of the West depends. He held an official ta-
ble in his hand, showing the amount of domestic
exports taken by Great Britain in the years 1822,
^332, and 1842, from which it appears that the^ in-
crease from the first-named year to the last continu-
ed rapidly progressing. In the year 1822, England
and her dependencies took from this county $1,000,-
000 value of breadstuff's. In 1832, she took $2,386,-
000; and in 1842, she took $6,500,000. In the face
of this fact, was it well, he asked, to say "foreign
countries do nothing for us; why should we do any-
thing for them?" Here we have England taking
from us, out of |9,998,000 of breadstuff's, more
than two-thirds.
"Mr. HUNTINGTON wished to know if he was
correct in understanding the honorable senator to
say that England took two-thirds of the whole of
our agricultural produce.
Mr. WOODBURY was speaking of breadstuff's,
not of other domestic produce; to those he would
come before his argument was closed. But what he
did say, was, that England took more than two-
thirds of all our surplus breadstuff's; that she gave a
market to the West and centre for more than two-
thirds of their surplus produce. The North, he
said, was interested as much as the West; their
beef, butter, and cheese found way to English and
foreign markets; and from the table before quoted,
he showed that one-half the exports under those
heads went to England and her dependencies. The
above might be termed the New England interest.
Pork and lard, the exportation of which increased
in a similar ratio with articles already mentioned,
was the interest of the West. And then, how did
the South stand? Why, by the returns of the year
1842, it was shown that the State represented by
the honorable senator before him, [Mr. McDuffie,]
produced not only cotton, but naval stoies to the
amount of $742,329, and out of that there was ex-
ported to England $617,478, being fully six-sevenths
of the whole. From those he would pass to an
article produced in abundance, and without aid, in
the far-distant Missouri and Illinois. That article
was hemp; it found its way across the equator,
rounded Capes Horn and Good Hope, was to be
had in the Pacific and in the Sandwich islands, and
could be bought in China. In the year 1832, the
exportation of that article amounted to but a lew
dollars, but in 1842, there went from our ports
$90,482 worth. But the exports to foreign countries
were not confined to produce alone; for the same
document shows that, in the year before quoted,
there was exported from this country to
the British possessions in the F.ast Indies,
manufactured cottons to the amount of $144,000, a
great part of which went to clothe a portion-of
the English troops then on service in the country.
Mr. Woodbury went on to show the benefits accru-
ing to the people of America from the exportation of
salt, soap, candles, shoes, boots, which he said were
sent to England and other countries in larger pro-
portions than were used at home. The tariff of
England he described as so equitably founded as to
allow her people all the benefits of foreign markets
without depriving, byany miscalled protective system
foreigners from supplying them and leaving fair profit
for their goods. On no article that could be deemed a
necessary, was there in England a higher duty than
25 per cent., except on luxuries. Tobacco, for in-
stance, which was there considered a luxury, was
highly (it might be said enormously) taxed; but that
v-as done more for the purpose of prohibiting its
use, than for the increase of the revenue. Its price
to the consumer was now the same that it was
half a century ago. If (said Mr. Woodbury) we
were to legislate in a spirit of reciprocity, what
effect would our doing so have on the article of
wheat? That article brings now, in the English
market, $1 75 per bushel; but if our producers were
enabled, by the removal of restrictions inflicted by
their own legislators, to procure even $1 50, or still
less, $1 25 per bushel, the addition to the growers
would be immense. The western and central States
produce annually 530 million bushels of wheat;
and if there was received an additional half dollar
for every bushel, (which would be, at the prices
above quoted,) the gain to the grain-growing
States would be between three and four millions
per year.
The exportation of beef and pork under a free-
trade system, would be equally profitable. In lieu
of these advantages, what is offered by the support-
ers of the tariff, and friends of the protective system?
Why, they offer to the people of America, as a gen-
eral set-off, a market of one and a quarter million,
instead of a market of eight hundred millions. In-
stead of having the population of the world as buy-
ers, they offer to the American producer liberty to
supply one million and a quarter. England, com-
Eared with the world, is but a trifling portion; but
ow has she built up her producers and manufac-
turers? By hunting out markets in all parts of the
world; and lest foreign demands should fail, she
formed colonies, and founded empires in every
quarter of the universe—in India, New Holland,
and America—and thus she furnished markets for
her manufactures.
Mr. W. here read an extract from a recently-
published statistical work, showing the amount ad-
ded to the revenue of Great Britain by the consump-
tion of her manufactures in the colonies. The agri-
cultural interest of England might be considered, in
some degree, typical of the manufacturing interests
here—the one protected by the odious and execra-
ted corn-law, the other by the almost as odious
tariff. There the manufacturing consumer of home
produce had to pay 40 per cent.; and paying this, he
was compelled to save it by taking it from the
wages of the laborer and artisan, and they, in turn,
ground down for the benefit of the landowners, whose
dwelling was where power dwelt—in Parliament—
became rioters and incendiaries, driven to it by a law
similar to the tariff— protective of the few at the ex-
pense of the many. He thought he had said enough
to prove the insufficiency of a home market; but if
not, he would say what could be proved in an in-
stant, that the present system would leave an annual
surplus of one million of produce for which no
market could be found. Was it a proof that the
home market gave satisfaction, that vessels were
lying rotting at our wharves, and that our farmers
and merchants were almost stimulated into insurrec-
tion? He asked the attention of the Senate to two
or three calculations. Iron, an article in universal
use, might be reckoned on at 25 pounds per
head. Say that the population of the country
amounts to twenty millions; then the increased duty
of 3 cents per pound will take from the pockets of
the producer and consumer fifteen millions of dol-
lars, being two-thirds of the whole revenue of the
United States. Allow 14 pounds sugar to each per-
son per year; that will give 280,000,000 pounds;
which, at a duty of 2i cents per pound, amounts to
seven millions of dollars, or one-third of the whole
revenue. Salt (that great and essential necessary,
which tax-ridden England, as she is called, gives
free to her people) pays a duty of 8 cents, which,
at the same calculation, gives one and a half million
of dollars. He then referred to the State of New
Hampshire, where the annual duty on iron was
$225,000, being more than four times the amount of
the whole State tax; duty on sugar double; and the
duty on salt one-half the State tax—those three ar-
ticles alone paying more than seven times the
amount of the entire State tax; and this was occa-
sioned all, not by a legitimate or equitable, but a
forced hot-bed system of protection to manufactures.
A farmer offers to one of the favored few (a protected
manufacturer) abushel of wheat for $1; the manufac-
turer replies, I will allow you a dollar for your bush-
el of wheat; but you require an article of Birming-
ham or Sheffield manufacture, that you cannot get but
I will manufacture a similar article, equally as good,
for which you must pay me in addition to your
wheat, 40 cents—thus charging the farmer $1 40.
But, if the farmer sends his wheat to England, he
sells it there, after all expenses, at least for $1 25,
and gets what the American manufacturer would
charge him $1 40 for, for$l. Thus, instead o
losing 40 cents, he gains 25 cents—making to him
a difference of 65 cents on one article.
Mr. W. then went on to show that the manufac-
turing interest itself was injured by the operations
of the present system, and illustrated the fact, by
showing that the additional duty on hemp was, in the
expenditure of ship-building, equivalent to $5 per
ton. Thus, in building a ship of 300 tons, this duty
occasioned an increase of outlay of §1,500. This
fifteen hundred dollars fell on the owner, and he
consequently could not carry as cheap as if the
duty on hemp had not increased to suchamount the
expense of building. He cannot, with high freights,
compete with the foreign ship-owner, who pays no
such duty. What, then, is the operation of the
American system? It encourages t^e foreigner,
who pays no duty on hemp, iron, or cordage, and
who can take freight at the old prices; while the
American navigator, owing to those heavy duties^
cannot compete with him? It has been advanced
that our internal navigation increases, but the high
duties must effect it, as well as the other branch.
The same facts apply to both. By the above calcu-
lation, a mercantile navy of two millions tons burden
would be liable to a duty of ten millions of dollars;
and supposing that navy renewed every five years,
the cost would be, to the owners, two millions per year.
This navy, he contended, had not grown tip by car-
rying our own, but foreign produce; and if the pres-
ent system was to continue, it could compete no
longer with foreign shipping. Much had been said
about foreign vessels crowding our ports and harbors;
but how was it before the tariff? American ships
then brought home seven-eighths of our imports, and
took out three-fourths of our exports. When the
honorable senator from Maine said our commercial
navigation had increased, he should have added
that our ships were employed, on homeward voy-
ages, in carrying ballast, or freights at so low a rate,
as to justify their owners in saying they worked for
nothing.
Mr. EVANS said he did not speak of an increase
of navigation; what he stated was, that inward
freights had risen 30 per cent.
Mr. WOODBURY would tell the honorable 'sen-
ators that freights from Liverpool that were from
30 to 50 shillings sterling per ton, were now reduced
to 8 shillings per ton.
Mr. EVANS. When were freights from Liver-
pool at 50 shillings per ton?
Mr. WOODBURY. Some years ago. He then
proceeded to show the advantages our shipping en-
joyed when taking produce—fish, oil, &c—-from
this country to the West Indies, were freighted
thence to north of Europe, whence they returned
with iron, hemp, &c., to their home ports.
He showed that we had no records of the amount
of carrying trade, in relation to this country, carried
on by the navigation of the Hanse towns and
Sweden.
He hoped the Senate would excuse him if he
spoke more strongly on the subject of our navigation
interests than on any other; but it would be recol-
lected that this was a subject in whicli his State was
deeply interested. A large portion of the business
and interests of that State was on the ocean. The
people of New Hampshire are patriotic, energetic,
and enterprising; they had shed their blood in de-
fence of the country during the late war. They did
not now want their interests to be prostrated; all they
expected was equality of legislation. An open sea,
flowing sail, and a fair fight, was all they ever ask-
ed. They expect their industry to be as much re-
garded as the industry of any other section of the
Union; but they did not want it to be oppressed as it
was by this tariff act. And, to show its oppression
on the navigating interests of that State, he
would advert to the effects of the act of 1842 on
the town in which he himself resided. It is a
town of about 7,000 inhabitants. They have, in
foreign commerce, about 15.000 tons of shipping.
The excessive duty of the tariff act on iron, cordage,
sail-cloth, &c., used in the construction of their ves-
sels, amounts to $5 per ton. This, on their tonnage,
makes $75,000; and, taking 5 years from the renew-
al of vessels, the tax amounts to $15,000 annually.
This is over $2 per head on the whole population—
more than the combined taxation of the State and
general governments in all other respects.
Now, he asked, did England pursue such a par-
tial system of legislation as this' It was beside the
question to speak of the navigation acts of England,
for she had abandoned them long since, and taken
the wiser course of establishing reciprocity treaties
and treaties of commerce. How does she treat her
