Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Stiles.
261
H. of JEteps.
hey ask us to consider as a grievance that which
those who are alone concerned neither know nor ac-
knowledge? There are those, doubtless, at the
North, if not in this hall, who look upon slavery in
the absti*act as an evil; but is it therefore a griev-
ance? I call upon any constitutional lawyer on this
floor, and more especially the strict constructionist,
to say that it is such a grievance as was contem-
plated by the authors of the 1st amendment of the
constitution,
2. The power of the government over the subject
of the petition.
What is the object which petitioners profess to
have in view in the presentation of petitions? What
is the end to be attained, and upon which Congress
can alone recegnisc their right of application? It is re-
tires.s. And a grievance which Congress has no right to
redress, they have no right to petition against;
because grievances which Congress can redress are
the grievances, and the only grievances, contemplated
in the amendment.
Now, if there is a single constitutional principle
which, more than any other, may be considered as
settled beyond the possibilty of dispute, it is that the
institution of slavery is municipal, not national It
belongs exclusively to the States, and can only be
effected by State legislation.
This domestic institution of the South is her
own. It was brought into the Union with her;
sccured by the compact which makes us one people;
and he who looks upon itas a grievance is an enemy
to the constitution, and opposed to the peace and
prosperity of our common country.
I have thus attempted to show that slavery is not
a grievance. If it were a grievance at all, it is not
one affecting the people of theNoith; and that, if it
weie a grievance affecting the people of the North,
it is not one which can be ledressed by the govern-
ment; and therefore no one has a constitutional right
to petition for its abolition. A petition to any per-
son or authority presupposes the power of relief. A
right of petition cannot exist where there is no duty
to hear the complaint; and the duty to hear cannot
exist without a commensurate power to redress.
There is, then, no duty to receive a petition upon
which Congress has indisputably no power to act;
and the refusal to receive such petition cannot be
tortured into a violation of the rignt to send it, which
never existed.
Many points have been made on this question
which I could have desired an opportunity to have
met, but which, under the operation of the hour
rule, I am reluctantly constrained to omit. Were
it not for this abridgment of my great inherent and
inalienable right, "freedom of speech" and of debate,
I should have made it my duty to have replied to
every suggestion which has been advanced; for
there is not one, which I have heard, which coaild
not, in my opinion, have been easily and trium-
phantly answered. But although deprived of this
great right, I shall not, like some gentlemen on this
floor, flee to England for my right; or, like others,
speak of dissolving the Union, I will not even
waste my important time in the indulgence of com-
plaint, but with all possible despatch procecd to an-
swer such as I concene the most important sug-
gestions.
It is said on this floor, "let the petitions be je-
ceived, and they will vote with us for their rejection
immediately after reception." To such I say, there
is one point in which we agree; and that the most
important of the whole mutter. It is in the refusal
or denial of the prayer of the petition. Reception
is all that divides us. But I ask, does not reception
carry with it jurisdiction over the subject-matter of
the petition? Does not reception carry the implica-
tion, inevitably, that the petition may or may not be
granted? Reception either carries the implication, oi
it does not. The proposition must be answered af-
firmatively or negatively. If it be answered affirm-
atively, if the reception carries jurisdiction over the
subject of slavery, if it carries the implication that
the prayer for its abolition may or may not be grant-
ed, arc they willing to stand forth as the advocates
of reception? Clearly not; because, in the outset,
they agree that the prayer could not be granted, be-
cause, if Congress would, she has not the power to
grant it. If, then, reception carries jurisdiction, they
are opposed to it. * If, on the other hand, the propo-
sition be answered negatively, if reception does not
carry jurisdiction and the implication that the prayer
may or may not be granted, where is the use of it?
Where^the difference between reception, and instant
rejection after it is received? What is to be
gained by reception? Is it any advantage to ,
the petitioner that his prayer is rejected immedi-
ately ajter, instead of immediately before, reception.
How does the simple, naked vote of reception bene-
fit him? The prayer of a petition is its vital part;
take away the prayer, and you deprive it of all vi-
tality—make it a dead letter. If, therefore, we reject
the prayer, do we not reject the petition? The dis-
tinction is too refined and abstract for a question of
such universal and vital importance. It is but a dis-
pute about terms, and wholly overlooks the sub-
stance. It is at first and at last a rejection of the
prayer of the petition; but a refusal of the petition is
a rejection in a mode to save time and money, put an
end to such applications, and prevent discussions
dangerous to the Union.
The gentleman from New York has admitted
that when petitions asked Congress to interfere be-
tween master and slave in the States, they stood on
ground prohibited by the constitution; but went on
to argue that petitions should be received when they
asked an abolition of slavery in the District, because
"Congress had full power to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia." "They may pay the master
or not, but they can take the slave compulsorily
from him." I have not the time, if I possessed the
inclination, to argue this point. It does not neces-
sarily arise in meeting the question upon which gen-
tlemen have laid most stress in the debate—viz: an
abridgment of the petition: but, as the opinion is
asserted with so much confidence, and in such wild
terms, I will throw out a few difficulties in the way,
which have occurred to my mind, and winch I think
are calculated to stagger any reflecting man. "Con-
gress may pay the master or not, but it can take
compulsorily the slave from him," and the only au-
thority for this sweeping and despotic declaration is
simply that clause which gives to Congress '•'•exclu-
sive legislation" over the District. Sir, did the ces-
sions by Virginia and Maryland of portions of their
respective territory to Congress to constitute the
District, remove the inhabitants of those portions
beyond the guaranties of the constitution? Clearly
not. How, then, does the gentleman propose to
get rid of that portion of the 5th amendment of the
constitution, which provides that "no pcison shall
be deprived of life, liberty, or picperty, without due
process of laio; and that private property shall not
be taken for public vse without due compensation^''
That the legislation of this" hall is not a "process of
law" will not be disputed, and it is equally clear that
slaves arc "property;" they are recognised as prop-
erty by the constitution, claimed as property by our
treaties with foreign powers, ana considered as
property by our acts of legislation. Again ''private
property shall not be taken (except) for public use."
It would be somewhat difficult, I apprehend, to estab-
lish that the emancipation of the slaves of this
District would be for the "public use," and benefit;
and should they be so considered, could they b©
taken "compulsorily" from the master "with or
without paying" him, as the gentleman from New
York says5 No, sir, not "without due compensa-
tion." And when the member has disposed of these
difficulties, under what clause of the constitution will
he derive funds to be appropriated to such an object?
We are told that "Congress has exclusive legisla^
tion over" the "Distiict;" but does "cxclvsivc'*'' mean
unlimited—"«>'>soZute9" as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hudson] says* From what dictiona-
ry or other source did he learn that "exclusive"
meant "absolute.755 And yet it must not only signify
absolute, but also despotic power, or the posi-
tion of the gentleman from New York falls to the
ground. But how will any reasonable man (not to
take a constitutional lawyer) construe that clause5
It means, and can be made to Signify nothing more
than a grant of legislative power over the District
to the exclusion, "m all eases whatsoever," of any
concurrcntjuritfdietion. If this most palpable con-
struction needed support, the history of the clause
would amply furnish it. That clause of the 8th
section of the Jst article was not comprised in the
original draft of the constitution, but it was after-
wards supplied, when its necessity became apparent,
from the circumstances which occurred during the
latter part of the revolutionary wax, when the pro-
ceedings of Congress were disturbed by a turbulent
mob, which the police of Philadelphia being unable
to subdue, compelled that body to remove its sittings
to Trenton, New Jersey. That power was confened
for the single purpose of enabling Congress to pro-
tect its members from insult and violence, and to
conduct, without interruption, the deliberations of
this country. From whence did Congress derive
its powers of legislation over this District? From ,
the constitution, together .with the "cessions of par-
ticular States." Could the cessions of territory by
particular States have enlarged the powers of Con-
gress under tfee constitution? Surely notl How
then can she now presume to abolish slavery? The
power of Congress over the subject of slavery is
fixed by the constitution. It has no power what-
ever over the subject, and cannot touch it, whether
the slave be founa upon the soil of a State, or that
of the District of Columbia. From what States we«
the "ten miles square," which now constitutes the
"seat of government," derived? Virginia and Mary-
land. It is a self-evident proposition, as well as an es~
ablished principle of law, that a grantee can acquire
no more power than a grantor could convey. The
States of Virginia and Maryland themselves, it can"
not be disputed, could not have liberated, without
the consent of their owners, the slaves of this
District, when the territory was parts of their
respective States. And how then can Congress,
deriving her power from them, claim or exer-
cise more power thair the States which ceded
the territory ever possessed? But those States, un-
willing to rely upon the general principle just allu-
ded to, and apprehending the very danger which
now threatens the rights of the inhabitants of this
District, prudently inserted in their acts of cession
the following limit to the exercise of power by Con-
gress over the District:
"Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
be construed to vest in the United States any right
of property in the soil, or to affect the rights of in-
dividuals therein, otherwise than the same shall or
may be transferred by euck individuals to the Uni-
ted States."
But there are other principles which should gov-
ern legislators in this matter—principles of higher
authority and obligation than even those of the law
and constitution. I mean the great principles of jus-
tice and moral right.
Would the States of Virginia and Maryland ever
have consented to relinquish portions of their terri"
tory for such purposes as those for which gentlemen
now contend? Would the independent citizens of
"free and independent States" ever have agreed to
have exchanged a legislation over their persona!
rights, by representatives chosen by, and responsi-
ble to them, for the exclusive legislation of a Con-
gress irresponsible to them, if they had supposed
that such jurisdiction was to be unlimited, "abso-
lute J* and liable to be directed by the petitions of
others, who had neither a common residence nor a
common interest with them? Does any one belie,ve
that, if the federal government had intimated an
intention to abolish slavery in the District, the
States of Virginia and Maryland would ever have
ceded their territory* And is not such an attempt
now in bad faith, against the spirit of the compact,
and a gross violation of the understanding which
must have subsisted between the parties to the ces-
sion? But, if I were ^disposed to argue this point, I
should need nothing more than the admission of the
gentleman from New York, that "Congress cannot
interfere with slavery in the States." Will not the
abolition of slavery in this District be an interfer-
ence with slavery in the States? Not to take into
consideration the real object which the abolitionists
have in view, in their designs upon this District, as
but an entering-wedge for the abolition of slavery
throughout the States, as but the commencement of
an enterprise which will terminate only with entire
emancipation,—not, I say, to consider these objects,
will it not "interfere with slavery in the States" to
abolish here? Will it not inevitably produce discon-
tent and rebellion among the blacks of the neighbor-
ing States, and make this District a den of fugitive
slaves? Yes, sir, the truth cannot be suppressed,
that if slavery is touched here, a blow will be struck
which will be felt throughout the length and breadth
of the slave-holding States.
These suggestions, thrown out for the considera-
tion of others, are but some of the difficulties which
have presented themselves to my mind, in the way
of any exercise of power over the subject of slavery
in this District; and I humbly ask that, if they are
not of sufficient weight to convince us of our want of
power over the subject, whether they are not calcu-
lated at least to create doubts as to its possession?
And what, under such circumstances, has been held
the safe and unerring guide for the conduct of the le-
gislator? It is, that if there be doubt as to the power,
it should not be exercised. • Q,uod dubitas ne feceri?.
What you doubt, that you may not do. The pos-
session of power should be untrammelled by a single
doubt, or you should not attempt its exercise
