CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14?
shipping interests? She allows them to get their
timber and materials free of duty; and we benefit in
some measure by that, as is felt by those who
dwell alone the border of her territory adjoining us.
She taxes hemp only 24 cents per ewt. weight; we
tax it 200 per cent. The dissimilarity is as great on
duck, cordage, &c.
The Senator from Maine says, our domestic navi_
gation gains vastly by our having home manufac"
tures. Certainly not by being taxed $5 per ton on
its tonnage for the benefit of the manufacturers; for
the tax is the same in respect to building vessels for
internal navigation, as for building shipping for ex-
ternal navigation. They cannot carry as cheap as
without this tax; so that it is either a positive injury
to those who carry, or to those who consume; the tax
falls upon either, or both. And does the internal
navigation get more to carry by domestic manufac-
ture than by imported goods? It was worth while
to examine into this matter; for the assumption that
this act increases internal commerce, is a great falla-
cy. In the first place, domestic navigation suffers
just as much by the taxation imposed by the tariff
act, as our external navigation. In the next place,
it gains nothing whatever by the change in the home
market. Take for instance the coasting trade from
NewjOrleans to Boston. If no tariff act existed,
a coasting vessel would carry a bale of cotton
from New Orleans to Boston, and put it on
board a foreign vessel there to be carried to
Europe. Her freight back would be imported
goods. Now, under the home-manufacturing sys-
tem, what more would this vessel have to do? It
would still carry the bale of cotton to Boston, and
carry back the home-made goods. But would it, in
the year, carry as much of either as before? Cer-
tainly not, because the home manufacturer does not
work upon so large a scale as the foreign manufac-
turer. And, besides; the carrying will be growing
shorter, as to distance, as the home manufacturers
spread themselves more southerly than Boston.
When manufacturers get to the Alleghanies, or be-
yond them, there will not be much more than half
the distance for the carrying trade that there would
be to Providence or Boston, for shipping thence to
Europe. Thus the freights of internal navigation
must suffer in two ways; first, by being taxed $5
per ton on the capital invested in vessels; and next,
by the distance of carriage being curtailed. Then,
how does it act on the foreign commerce of this
country? Does not our navigating interest suffer by
losing the carrying trade it would have from Boston,
New York, Providence, and other ports, in transfer-
ring the raw material from this country to the for-
eign market' All that would be entirely cut off, so
far as the home market could cut it off.
The great boast and glory of England is, that she
has her shipping interest spread all over the globe,
even to possessions on which the sun never ^ sets.
Her productions are thus sent to all the countries in
the world. Her commercial marine is the nursery
from which the chief arm of her power is supplied
with its strength and vigor. Are we to be compelled,
by partial legislation, to neglect such an obvious
s®urce of national strength, when it is so palpably
our best policy to encourage our maritime States to
accustom their people to that element which their
circumstances of position and natural advantages in-
vite them to direct their attention to? Is not a blow
struck at our navigation, more disastrous in a na-
tional point of view than protection to manufacturers
is beneficial in a national point of view? Mr. W. went
into details with respect to navigation and tonnage,
to show the evil effects of the act of 1842 in regard
our shipping interests. He also went at large into
the statistics of our fisheries, showing that the tax of
$5 per ton on the capital invested in vessels engaged
m the fishing business, must ultimately render it im-
possible for them to compete with foreign vessels.
He then took a review of the protective policy;
considering it as a forced, hot-bed system, unnatural
in its growth, and incapable of healthy existence. He
went Dack to its origin in 1816, and showed that all
Mr. Dallas then contemplated, was protection for a
few years; just to give particular branches of manu-
factures a start, under the supposition that they
would then be able to maintain themselves without
any support from the government. But the whole
system being wrong, (being founded on the mistake
that industry could be forced to succeed under cir-
cumstances not naturally leading to these channels,)
ended in disappointment. At the close of the pre-
scribed time of protection, the manufactures were
found more clamorous than ever for support and
protectisn. Their memorials stated that they were
ruined by competition, and would be destroyed
if not permanently and effectually protected.
Hence came the high tariffs of 1824 and 1828.
They never have been any better off, and never will
be, under a forced system of stimulation. Even
now, the stimulus to overproduction keeps a surplus
on hand, and it goes on increasing with a tendency
to break them down. This forced and unnatural
system had broken up the healthy, homely manu-
factures, in every family—a species of manufactures
so highly prized and praised by Mr. Jefferson; and
substituted what Dr. Franklin denounced as iniuri-
rious to any country—a diversion of its labor from
natural channels into unnatural channels. These
statesmen had the sagacity to see that no manufac-
tures could be sound, healthy, or permanently pros-
perous, that did not grow up naturally with the
wants of the country; waiting rather to be called for,
than stepping in advance of the demand by forced
marches.
There was a view of this subject, with regard to
partial legislation, which he wished to call the at-
tention of the Senate to. It was this: The shipping
interests of this country, at a very moderate calcula-
tion, might be taken to extend to seventy or eighty
thousand persons. He believed the manufacturing
interests extended to a like number. Now,
he would ask, was it proper so to legislate
as to throw a heavy burden and a destructive
tax on eighty thousand persons engaged in naviga-
tion, for the especial benefit and aggrandizement of
etghty thousand manufactories? Another view of
this subject was, that these eighty thousand man-
ufacturers, if all congregated together, would hardly
be enough to fill one county in any of the large
States; and he would ask, what sort of legislation
it was to compel all the rest of the people of the
United States to contribute their means for the ex-
clusive support and aggrandizement of the people of
one single county?
In any point of view in which it could be placed,
so that the truth could be distinctly discovered, it
was monstrous.
How much better would it be to let manufacturers
and every other branch of industry rely on their na-
tive energies? If they then flourished, their pros-
perity would be permanent. If they could not do
as well as others, it would be proof they were not
wanted by the community, and they would soon
find channels of industry in which there would be
ample room and encouragement for their labor.
There could hardly now be a doubt that if, in-
stead of this forced system being adopted, there had
been no interference of government, in the natural
course of events, manufactories would have sprung up
of themselves, and gradually advanced; keeping up
with the wants of the community, till they would
have attained a healthy maturity, and taken a per-
manent standing amongst the other branches of in-
dustry, proportionate to them, and no more requir-
ing peculiar protection than they did.
He pledged his honor aa an individual, and his
judgment as a senator, that it was his sincere and
firm conviction, that New England would, at this
moment, be immeasurably better off than she is, if
this unnatural, forced, protective system, had never
been adopted. Instead of her industry being divert-
ed to channels that cannot exist but in the hot-bed
of protection, it would have been exercised on the
natural advantages she so largely possessed; every
hill and vale would be peopled and cultivated to per-
fection; her commercial relations would have been
more assidiously pursued, and her whole condition
would be that of flourishing independence, instead
of a feverish dependence upon partial legislation.
Had not every other branch of American industry
the same right that manufacturers insisted upon, of
coming to Congress and claiming protection? Why
not give it to the growers of pine-apples and grapes,
as well as to them? Why not give it to every in-
dividual branch of industry? And if you did—if
all possessed it equally—what would it amount to?
That it would, at last, be much better to have no
protection at all; to let industry seek its own pros-
perity in its own way, without partial legislation to
stimulate it.
Look at the hot-bed system of manufactures.
See the laborers cooped up in an unnatural and
heated atmosphere. Is there anything healthy
about itf Do they not want and sigh for the
mountain breeze, the bracing atmosphere, and the
physical enjoyment of more congenial pursuits? Do
they not, when they can, give up the unnatural
system, and revert to rural pursuits, and sources
of industry more natural?
"It is thought that aTaricehai! ^tnethingW dt 
with this perversion of man's nature.* * The earn'
ings of manufacturers had been stated at $160 pei*
head, while those of the community at large were
under $52. [Mr. Evans denied that he had statea
the earnings of manufacturers to be $150 each.] It.
had been stated; and probably was the fact. If so,
was not it more than 100 per cent, over the ordinal
ry earnings of other branches of-industry? In his
own State, (New Hampshire,) those engaged in
navigation did not average more than $80 per head.
[Mr. Evans observed that, in speaking of manufac-
turers, a deduction for the interest of capital invest-
ed should be taken into account.}
He (Mr. W.) did Hot care which horn of the di-
lemma the gentleman took. If manufacturers
earned 100 per cent., of SO percent., more than their
neighbors, in consequence of protective acts of le-
gislation, it was an evidence of partiality and in-
justice that ought not to exist. If, in spite of this
oppressive partiality, they did not earn as much aa
their neighbors, it was an evidence that they were
misapplying their labor, to the injury of their neigh-
bors, as well as to the disadvantage of themselves;
and that, therefore, they ought to abandon such em-
ployments.
Mr. W. next reviewed the statements of the sen-
ator from Maine, in relation to the statistical tables
of England, which he quoted, showing that the labor
performed for that country by machinery was equal
to the labor of nine or ten millions of men. Now,
this was an advantage only of a temporary nature;
for very soon all their improvements if machinery
became known, and were adopted by other countries;
and it was probable, at this moment, there ^as ma-
chinery employed in manufacturing, in various coun-
tries, amounting to the labor of fifty millions of men-
These improvements were open to this country, as
well as to any other. As long as England could
keep ahead of other countries in such inventions, she
would have the chief supply of the markets of
consumption; but to attempt counteracting her by
legislative prohibitions was not the way to rival her,
in contesting for the possession of her markets.
He was ready to go as far as Dr. Franklin for po-
litical independence. It was in vain to talk of other
independence in relation to foreign nations. The
condition of man was that of mutual dependence.
Foreign countries are as much dependent on our
labor as we are on theirs. The advantages of foreign,
commerce and interchanges are reciprocal. Were
the advocates of the protective system less dependent
on foreign countries than others? Did they not de-
pend on foreign labor to supply the manufacturers
with the materials to be manufactured? Everything
imported for use in manufactures, contained the ele-
ments of dependency on foreign labor. Mr. W.
went into many details in proof of this; and then
concluded by invoking gentlemen to read and ponder
upon that sacred legacy alluded to by the senator
from Maine—the farewell address of the great father
of our country, Washington. It would be found,
from a careful perusal of it, that those who are pur-
suing this protective system are engaged in a course
that must inevitably lead to the evil consequences
against which that great man raised his warning
voice. The tendency of this system is to dissolve
this glorious Union—to break up the great compro-
mise by which all were linked together—to unite
with those fanatics whose infection had so far gain-
ed upon sovereign States as to induce one to send a
memorial into this body, the effect of which, if
countenanced, must be the disruption of all bonds
of compact. These things can lead to nothing but
separation, by putting the torch of conflagration to
the national edifice, and producing an era of unpar-
alleled anarchy for the page of history.
Mr. HUNTINGTON next obtained the floor,
and intimated a desire that the debate should be
postponed till Monday.
The CHAIR said that motion could not be en-
tertained; but the subject could be passed over in-
formally, or laid on the table, to be called up agam
at any time.
Mr. HUNTINGTON assented to the latter sug-
gestion of the Chair; and the subject was, on his
motion, laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate went
into executive session, and soon after
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 8, 1844.
The journsd having been read,
The SPEAKER announced that the first business
