262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Kennedy.
H. of Reps.
But (says the member from Maine, aad it is reit-
erated by the gentleman from New York and others)
separate the right of petition from abolition, and "see
how we will come up to the mark; how we will sus-
tain our obligations to the Union." Sir, the right of
petition and abolition ought never to have been
blended. To connect them is a mere trick—an
artful scheme to excite the sympathies and delude
the judgments of this legislative body. And who,
pray, are the authors of this base trick? Who the
projectors of this artful scheme. "Who connected
the right of petition with abolition? Arc we at the
South, the slaveholding community, subject to the
charge? It will not be pretended. It will not be pre-
sumed for a moment that we would throw any ob-
stacles in the way, and create interference with the
maintenance of our just and constitutional rights.
Are our friends of the North, the anti-abolitioni3ts,
chargeable? Surely not. They deprecate the diffi-
culty; they pray deliverance from the embarrass-
ment; and we have no reason to question their sin-
cerity. If neither the South nor those opposed
to abolition in the North, are the authors of this
scheme, who are? There is but one other party in
the country upon this subject, and it results inevita-
bly that they are its authors—viz: the abolitionists
themselves. I appeal to our intelligent and reflect-
ing friends from the North—I put it to them, wheth-
er they will suffer themselves to be thus entrapped;
caught in the snare set for them by these fanatics;
deluded by this miserable subterfuge, the pitiful cry
of the violation of the right of petition. But it has
already been hinted, and I may be answered, that
though this may be but a trick; yet the abo-
litionists have so fully succeeded in poisoning
the minds of our constituents, so thoroughly and
extensively have they persuaded them that the
non-reception of their petitions is a violation of
their unalienable rights, that unless we carry out
their views, the relation between us, of representa-
tive and constituents, will be dissolved. Sir, such
a suggestion scarcely deserves a passing notice.
Any man who legislates here with a view to get
back into this hall, will of course not be guided by
reason. Such a member is unworthy of his station,
because he legislates for himself, and not for his coun-
try. Their constituents think the right of petition
abridged, when we are daily receiving petitions
without objection, over which Congress has juris-
diction, and reject only those over which Congress
has no control. Cannot they understand the diffe
rence between the abuse and use of an important
right' The same amendment which guaranties
the right of petition, guaranties also freedom of
speech and of the press; and because those rights
are secured, is there therefore no such thing as
slander or libel? If their constituents cannot now
be brought to understand the difference between a
proper and an improper petition, upon a subject of
which Congress has cognizance, and one where it has
no jurisdiction, how is it proposed to make them
understand the difference between the rejection of
a petition and the rejection of the prayer of a peti-
tion? How can they be made to comprehend how it
is that a petition is of so much consequence as to be
received, and is yet, at the same time, of so little
consequence as to be rejected? I trust that our
friends of the North will not suffer themselves to
be alarmed by the delusive cry of a "false issue"
being made,'or be deterred from pursuing their true
course for fear of consequences which do not and
ought not legitimately to follow.
The gentleman from North Carolina has attempt-
ed to illustrate this matter of "false position," by
a "simile of a battle." Let me tell the gentleman
that he has himself assumed, in the outset, "false po-
sitions;" and, in some cases, false characters for "his
parties in that battle. He represents a general to
have taken a position with his own troops behind
a secure breastwork; but has stationed his allies on
exposed ground, where they are rapidly falling by
the enemy's fire. The secure breastwork is the
constitution, I suppose. But where, I ask, are
the allies—where the exposed ground? Who are
the contending parties 111 this engagement? The
• enemies and the friends of the constitution?
The gentleman can make 110 other answer.
Who are the enemies? Of course the aboli-
tionists. Who are the friends of the constitution?
The anti-abolitionists. Where, then, are the allies?
Are the anti-abolitionists of the North any less the
enlisted soldiers and interested defenders of the con-
stitution, than we at the South? Surely not. Where
he exposed ground? We are behind the breast-
work, (as the gentleman considers the constitution.)
Have we pushed our friends of the N orth beyond that
constitution? or are they beyond, and in any exposed
situation? No, sir; we both stand together upon
the same ground—the battlements of the constitu-
tion. The enemy—the abolitionists—are alone with-
out; they are striving to enter the citadel, sla-
very is the weak point m the fortress. It isthere they
design a breach. We have there constructed a
barrier: that barrier is the rule. Whilst that re-
mains, the fortress stands. When it is gone, the
fortress falls. That barrier can be removed only by
some one within. The fortress can be taken, the cita-
del lost, only by treachery in the camp. I will pur-
sue the simile no farther. But let me tell the
member from North Carolina, that if this rule is
lost, from the relation in which he stands tn, and the
part which he has borne in this transaction, he may
go home to his constituents, and to his grave, cov-
ered with the unenviable immortality of having be-
rayed the interest of the South, in having sur-
rendered the constitution of his country.
I hoped to have had time to have commented
upon the motives of these abolitionists. But what-
ever they are—whether to destroy the institution of
slavery, or, by their petitions, only to annoy and insult
the South—will hot the rejection of this rule by the
House be to them a triumph? No one can dispute
the point. Are not the abolitionists the enemies of
the country? No one will deny th  assertion. Are
our friends in the North willing to contribute to ac-
complish the triumph of the enemies of the country;
and especially when their victory would be over the
constitution of the land, the liberties of the people?
Sir, let me tell gentlemen of the North that on
this subject there is no neutral ground. There are
but two parties in this contest—the friends and the foes
of the constitution. They must take sides with one
or the other; and wherever their influence settles,
victory must perch upon that banner. The whole
responsibility is with the North. Let them not
shrink from their high destiny; let them glory in
the occasion; let them meet it like men; let them do
their duty, and leave consequences to take care of
themselves.
Sir, will gentlemen hesitate? Is this a time for
hesitation, when the government is agitated to its
very centre? Is this a time to cavil about
terms, when the foundations of the nation are
shaken? Is this a time to make hair-breadth
distinctions about the extent of rights, when our
very days seem numbered? I tell gentlemen of
the North, the South is in danger; and will they
hesitate? Was such the conduct of the South
when the North was in danger—not from a feeble
band of fanatics, but from the most powerful nation
of the world? Sixty-eight years ago, when the re-
port of the musketry at Lexington gave token of
the danger of our brethren of the North, a cargo of
powder was captured off Savannah, by Georgia en-
terprise and Georgia valor. Was that ammunition,
at the time so scarce in the country, retained at
home to await the arrival of the enemy on our own
shores, and to defend our own firesides? No sir; I
am proud to say, that with that disinterested pa-
triotism which has ever characterized the South, it
was immediately shipped to Boston, and it arrived
in time to thunder from the heights of Bunker's hill
defiance to oppression.
And in our late war, waged for "free trade and
sailors' rights," did the South stop to inquire wheth-
er the owners of the sliijis, or the impressed seamen,
were natives of a southern latitude? No; it was
enough for them to know that the flag which had
been dishonored, was the American flag; that the
seaman who had been oppressed was an American
citizen; and they were at their posts, and ready to
lose their last life drop for the protection of the one
and the defence of the other.
Sir, ihe people of the South love the Union. They
venerate the constitution as the bond of that Union,
and will be the last to engage in its infractions. But
they love the constitution as it is; as it was con-
strued by those who made it; as it has been ap-
proved by near half a century's successive legisla-
tion—sufficient for all the purposes of our govern-
ment, and all the glory of our country. But now, if
the North, regardless of the claims of the South,
will suffer that instrument violated—if the con-
stitution, like the right of petition, is of so
much consequence as to be preserved when for
their gratification, and, at the same time, of so little
consequence as to be violated when for our destruc-
tion,—if the constitution is to be thus mutilated, de-
pend upon it the South will not respect its mere frag-
ments, scattered in the struggle of other States to
overthrow her institutions. If that hour , should
come, (which God in his mercy avert!) she will hesi-
tate not to appeal from the cancelled obligations of a
once-venerated constitution, to her own "inherent
and inalienable" right of self-protection.
SPEECH OF MR. KENNEDY,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives, March 13, 1844—
On the resolution authorizing the committe on the
Rhode Island controversy to send for persons and
papers.
Mr. KENNEDY addressed the House as fol-
lows:
Mr. Speaker: It is not my purpose to bring a
railing accusation against the people or authorities,
whether dejacto or de jiwe,of the State of Rhode Island;
but it is my privilege and my duty to speak with
the freedom on this great question, that the magnitude
of the principles involved, and the dignity of my
position as a member of Congress, demands.
"This is a question that strikes deep, and stirs the
very foundations of many of the most cherished and
inalienable rights of man. It is 110 less a question
than whether the great fundamental doctrines of our
declaration of independence are true or false—
whether all just governments have their founda-
tions in the consent of the government—or whether
the people are mere chattels, to be made freemen or
slaves, at the mere whim and caprice of those who
have usurped the authority to dictate laws, without
their consent, by which they are to be bound, until
their usurpers, in the plenitude of their power, con-
descend to alter or amend them? Sir, when such
questions as these are before an American Congress,
he who blinks or slurs them over with honeyed
words, and hasty action, is a traitor to mankind—is
a degenerate scion of those noble sires who periled
their lives to plant these principles at the founda-
tions of our glorious institutions, which, by the care
of the patriot and the blessing of Heaven, are des-
tined to grow and spread, until they cover the earth
as the "waters do the face of the great deep."
In the discussion of this question, then,! shall not
use mealy-mouthed expressions; but shall speak
my mind plainly, using such language as, in the
presence of God and my country, I feel bound to
do. It shall be my object, however, to avoid such
expressions as may carry offence to the most sensi-
tive ear.
The direct question before the House now is,
whether the committee shall be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial. This motion
is urged on the ground, first, that Congress has no
jurisdiction in the matter; and secondly, whether,
admitting the jurisdiction, it is expedient to act
As to this first objection, I must be permitted to say,
I am utterly astonished at it, coming from the quar-
ter that it does. What do those objectors do with
the great original, unrestricted right of petition,
for which they have heretofore so manfully con-
tended? Or do they intend, by denying the recep-
tion and consideration of this petition, to admit to
the world that they have been uncandid in their
claims of the right of petition? Sir, petitions have
been presented by these men, praying the abolition of
slavery in and out of this District, signed by whites
and blacks; petitions praying divorces; praying
Congress to establish the true religion, and adopt,
by enactment, the laws of God. All these petitions
are claimed to be in the power of the House to re-
ceive and act upon; because, to refuse them, would
violate the great fundamental right of petition. But,
strange to tell, when a petition of the people of one
of the States of this Union, praying Congress to in-
terfere and prevent the army and navy—the pow-
der and ball of this government, from being used to
prevent their quietly forming "a republican form
of government"—the which the constitution guaran-
ties to every State in this Union,—then these
vaunted champions of the right of petition object,
for want of jurisdiction. What! do we want ju-
risdiction to inquire into the use made by the ex-
ecutive of the military power? If a sovereign State
is invaded, may we not inquire why the hostile
proceeding, and hold the President responsible for
his conduct? Sir, in view of these things, who can
doubt that there are those who are hypocritically
clothing themselves with this right of petition, to
conceal their treacherous mining under the very
walls of republical liberty.
Whence comes this petition? and what does it
declare? It comes from a highly respectable portion
