CONGRESSIONAL
seats upon this, floor, were entitled to hold them,
with the exception of two whose seats were con-
tested upon different grounds." Now, when they
should come to vote upon this question, he was told
by his friend from South Carolina, that, under ihe
fortieth rule of the House, he, and those elected as
he had been, (under the general-ticket system,) were
so immediately interested in its decision, that they
were excluded from the right of voting. He would
ask the gentleman if the resolution reported by the
committee did not affect the right by which he held
his seat upon that floor? The resolution was gene-
ral in its torma. It applied to him as one elected un-
der the general-ticket system, and it applied to his
friend from South Carolina—yea, to every member
upon that floor, no matter how elected. The gen-
tleman might complain of the manner in which the
committee had reported; and, if so, would he not be
entitled to be heard? Suppose the committee had re-
ported two resolutions—suppose they had reported,
first, that those elected by the district system' were
entitled to their seats; and, secondly, that those elect-
ed by general ticket were not entitled: when they
came to vote upon the first resolution, he asked who
would be entitled to record their votes? Certainly,
under the view presented by his friend from South
Carolina, that gentleman would not be entitled to
vote; nor would any member here, save those elected
by general ticket. Hence there would be no quo-
rum to vote, and they never could arrive at the
second resolution, which declared those elected by
general ticket ought to be excluded. When the gen-
tleman relieved his mind from the effect of this
course of reasoning, he would yield to him the
point, and confess that he was not entitled to vote
upon this resolution; but would allow the gentleman
to decide the question.
But there was one over view which he would
take the liberty of submitting to the consideration of
the House. There was no question affecting him
personally. A personal or particular interest in the
question did not attach to him. It was a question
upon which the people of the United States, through
their representatives on that floor, were called upon
to make a decision. Was Georgia to be excluded
from having a voice upon this subject, because she
differed in opinion from South Carolina? If they
were to hold to such a doctrine as this, when they
came to settle this question, the whole House
would be hushed into silence. Was it
because the members of Georgia were elected
contrary to the provisions of a law? That was a
question they were here to determine; and upon
that question her voice, as well as that of every
other State in the Union, must be heard, under the
constitution of the United States. That, to his
mind, was too plain and palpable to admit of argu-
ment. He would pioceed to another point collate-
ral to this question. A gentleman over the way
expressed some little hesitation as to the propriety
of the course of the House in taking this subject out
of the Committee of the Whole; ana gave, as a rea-
son for it, the apprehension that there was a dispo-
sition on the part of the majority to curtail the de-
bate. It was needless for him to disavow any such
intention on his part; and he was confident no such
design was entertained on the part of other mem-
bers. In addition to this, it had been remarked by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kennedy,] that
all the members of the House had made up their
minds on the subject; and the reply was immediately
made by several, that their minds were not made
up on it; and that they wished additional informa-
tion. When he heard this, he felt a curiosity to as-
certain if any of these gentlemen, whose minds
were thus running after light and knowledge, were
among those who signed a celebrated protest against
the rights of the members elected by general ticket
to their seats here. It seemed to him strange indeed
that gentlemen who had come forward, and, under
their hands and seals, pronounced a solemn deci-
sion on this question, should express the apprehen-
sion that there would not be a full and ample dis-
cussion of it. So much for these two preliminary
and collateral questions.
He came now to the consideration of the law un-
der which it was sought to exclude him and other
gentlemen from their seats here. He could well
conceive that there might be a wide difference
of opinion between gentlemen on this subject.
It was one on which there might naturally arise a
difference of opinion, and he confessed that when
the law was first passed he was willing, on a super-
ficial examination of it, to agree that it came within
the constitutional powers of Congress, and he thought
it ought to be enforced. His position, however,
forced him to go into an examination of it, arid upon
that examination he came to the conclusion that, so
far as the State of Georgia was concerned, the law
was a dead letter. A further examination convinced
him that it was unconstitutional, and therefore utter-
ly null and void. To use the language of a gentle-
man of the other House when the act was under dis-
cussion there, it wanted vitality; it had shape and
form, but the spirit of life had never been infused
into it. That was the ground on which he claimed
his seat on this floor. As the argument might be
compressed within a nut shell, he would proceed at
once to the section of the act which prescribed to the
legislatures of the States certain duties, and which
they, believing to be unconstitutional, had neglected
to conform to. On this part of the subject he might find
it necessary to use some of the arguments that had
been advanced by other gentlemen; but he would, at
all events, endeavor to be as brief as the nature of
be subject would permit. The clause of the con-
stitution which was involved in this question, was
as follows:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives, shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time, by law, make or alter
such regulations, except as to the places of choosing
senators."
He desired here to call the attention of this friend
from Alabama [Mr. Belser] to the distinction he
put on the words "shall" and "may," as he found
.them in the constitution. Now, the moment the le-
gislature of Georgia assembled after the adoption of
the constitution, it was their imperative duty to
obey the injunction in the clause above quoted.
The language was plain and explicit, and admitted
of no other construction: the duty was imperative
on them, and they could not avoid it.
Now, the gentleman contended that the same
duty that was imposed on the legislatures of the
States was conferred on Congress by that clause;
but the gentleman would see that the word "shall"
was used in reference to the State legislatures,
while the word "may" was used in reference to
Congress—making it imperative on the first, and
optional with the latter. Well, in pursuance of this
provision in the constitution, the State of Georgia
proceeded to provide for the time, place, and man-
ner of holding her elections. But liow long was
that provision to remain? Why, it was to remain
until Congress chosc to make either a new regula-
tion, or alter or amend the act of Georgia, in re-
ference to the time, place, and manner of holding
her elections. Now, no one pretended to say that
Congress had made any new regulation; but it was
said that it had altered the law of Georgia. Let us
(said he) analyze this position. The State of Georgia
has made a law providing for the election of her
representatives by general ticket, which she has
never amended or altered. Now, gentlemen said
that Congress had, in pursuance of the power given
by the constitution, altered it by the second section
of the apportionment act. Was that section an
alteration of the law of Georgia? He always un-
derstood that altering meant to displace one thing,
and put another in its place. The people of Georgia
cannot, under this act, proceed to the election of
their representatives; but, in order to do so, their le-
gislature must first take this dead and shapeless
mass, and inspire it with vitality. This, however,
it was impossible tor the legislature to do; for before
it assembled, the representatives were elected. How,
then, could the House exclude these representatives,
who were elected before the legislature had an op-
portunity to give shape, strength, and vitality to
this law of Congress?
He contended, therefore, that there was no altera-
tion of the law of Georgia within the meaning of the
constitution, and that the alteration could not take
place till the legislature had acted on the subject.
This was the ground on which he based his oppo-
sition to'the act of the last session, and on which he
claimed his right to a seat on that floor. Mr. C.
here replied to that part of the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Barnard] in relation
to the concurrent jurisdiction of Congress, and of
the legislatures of the States on this subject; and, in
reference to the case cited by him of power to pro-
vide for arming and disciplining the militia, went
into an argument to show that there was no simi-
larity between that case and the one under discus-
sion.
He contended that the provision of the apportion-
ment act of the last Congress neither came within
the term "rnake" or "alter," as laid - down in thfe
constitution;"and they were brought bttck, theh, to
the point whether Congress was to annul and de-
stroy State laws, and deprive the people of, dreorgif
of any representation on this floor, unless that Staie
should have neglected to exercise the powers that
were vested in her. It was the duty of Congress,
if it undertook to destroy or alter the State regula-
tions, to supply a system by which the people of
the States could exercise their privileges.
Allusion had been made, in we. course of the ar-
gument on this subject, to the respective advantages
of the general-ticket and the district system; and
this would have been a proper subject for discussion
if it had arisen at the time the bill was originally
under discussion, and before the passage of the act;
but now, how could the relative advantages of'the
two systems be brought into discussion? Suppose
the district system were the best, and possessed ad-
vantages which should recommend it for adoption:
if Congress or the State legislatures, possessing the
power to provide this district system, did not exer-
cise it, what effect could that have here now, no
matter what might be its relative advantages or dis-
advantages. He insisted that the general-ticket sys-
tem presented many advantages; and, if this were
the proper time to enter upon that subject, he would
endeavor to call the attention of the House to some
of them. But he would not do it, for it would be
to trespass on that time which ought to be engaged
in the discussion of the real merits of the question.
Let him, then, hear nothing more of the dangers to
be apprehended by the large States adopting the
general-ticket system, and thereby overriding the
rights and privileges that were secured to the small
States by the constitution of this Union. It was
out of place to enter into the discussion of that
question, and they must come down to the iso-
lated point, whether the members from the four
States had been properly elected .to seats on
this floor. They were elected under laws passed
by the respective State legislatures, in pursuance
of the constitution of the United States; and no
one intimated that those laws were an infringement
of that instrument. Well, an act had been passed
by Congress; and he would inquire, was that act
such an effective, operative, vitally energetic act,, as
could be carried out by the people of the respective
States? If it were not, then he, and others in like
position, were entitled to their seats as representa-
tives of the people on this floor, whether the district
system be the best or the worst. Reference had
been had to the opinions of those who participated
in the adoption of the federal constitution, and ar-
guments were drawn from the proceedings of the
respective State legislatures when the constitution
was proposed for their adoption. He would not
stop to read the amendments proposed to be incor-
porated in that instrument by the State legislatures;
but if gentlemen would refresh their recollection by
going back to them they would find that the posi-
tion which he assumed did not conflict with them.
He admitted that Congress had the right to lay out
the States into congressional districts. He, for one,
admitted that the right was to be exercised on the
part of Congress, whenever Congress believed the
time contemplated by the framers of the constitution
for the exercise of that right had arrived. It was
for Congress to determine that question. The last
Congress thought tile time had arrived for the exer-
cise of that high, solemn power—of abolishing the
action of the State legislatures, and assuming to
itself the right of providing a new mode, and a
new manner, in which the people should elect
their representatives; and he repeated his ad-
mission tiiat Congress had the right to exeroise
that power; and if Congress had gone on and
passed a law by which the people of Georgia,
without the intervention of the State legislature,
could have gone on and elected their representa-
tives, his voice would not have been heard in oppo-
sition to it. Of what use was it, then, to refer to the
contemporaneous history of the adoption of the con-
stitution? But if they went to thearticles written atthe
time of the adoption of the constitution by Madison,
and Jay, and others, they would find the principle
which he had acknowledged to run through the
whole. They would find that the incorporation of
this exceedingly strong power to the general gov-
ernment into the constitution, was, by contempora-
neous exposition, explained to be a power of self-
preservation. It was a power to enable the
.general government to withstand the action of
the State Legislatures when they should as-
sume to place themselves in a position in which
