March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Kennedy.
H. of Reps.
of the people of the State of Rhode Island; and sets
forth, in substance, that ever since the revolutionary
struggle, and the formation of the constitution of the
United States, the people of that State have been
governed by a charter granted by King Charles II
of England, as their fundamental law, and not, as
the other States, by a constitution of their own
formation; that that charter recognises no man as a
freeman but those upon whom the chartered author-
ities of the State choose to confer that natural and
inestimable boon;—reversing the whole principle of
free government by declaring that the governing
powers shall make the people, instead of the people
making the governing power; that by that charter
there is no described mode in which it cart be altered
or changed into a republican form of government;
that some year or two ago, the people of that State,
in an orderly and peaceable manner, met together in
their primary assemblies, appointed delegates to
meet in general convention, to frame and submit to
the people of Rhode Island a republican constitution,
to take the place of the charter before mentioned;
that said delegates so met together, framed a repub-
lican constitution similar to that of many of their
sister States, which was submitted to, and adopted
by a large majority of the people of Rhode Island;
that, in pursuance of that constitution, they went on
and elected their proper officors, who, upon the day
appointed in the constitution so adopted, proceeded
to put the new government into successful opera-
tion; but that the old charier authorities, backed by
the bayonets and buckshot of this government, by
force of firms resisted such reorganization, and tram-
pled the constitution, and the people who adopted it,
under foot.
This is a short statement of one portion of the pe-
tition. Now I ask, if these allegations be true—and
it will not do for gentlemen to deny their truth, for
denying the right of Congress to act in the matter is
an implied admission that they are true—if Congress
had jurisdiction to redress; and, my word for it, if
these were false charges, the accused would be the
first to court—nay, demand investigation. I ask,
again, if these charges be true, cannot Congress in-
quire into this abuse of power by the executive branch
of the federal government? Is it not monstrous to
say that the naval and military power of the federal
Union may be used to intimidate, overawe, and sup-
press the people of a State in this Union, in chang-
ing their form of government' More especially is it
so, when it is remembered that the people of Rhode
Island, in this attempted change of their form of gov-
ernment, were, for the first time, exercising the right
of self-government, by exercising the power that re-
sulted to them at the time of the revolution, and fol-
lowing the example of her sister Suites, in adopting
and substituting a constitution in place of the char-
ter granted to a British colony by the dissolute
Charles II of England. The source of the supposed
power from which the charter was derived, was an-
nihilated by the revolution; and in forming a consti-
tution, the people were only doing that which fol-
lowed, of necessity, from a change which threw off
the shackles of monarchy, and established the right—
the primary, inalienable, original right—of self-gov-
ernment. We ought to take cognizance of this sub-
ject, to prevent this monstrosity from happening
again, by bringing to the bar of public opinion, for
eternal execration, those agents who aided and abet-
ted in this desecration of the American flag. Sir,
gentlemen cannot be in earnest, when they deny the
power of Congress to inquire into these charges.
Mr. Speaker, on an old piece of parchment—which,
thank God, is yet preserved m the archives of this
republic, signed by Hancock, Jefferson, Randolph,
Franklin, and a host of other worthy compeers,
whose names will be lisped with gratitude, and
whose memories will be cherished, as long as liberty
has an abiding place upon this sin-stained globe—
will be found the following declaration of human
lights, for the truth of which they, one and all,
pledged "their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred
honor!" Hear it, ye effeminate, degenerate sons of
so noble sires:
"We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all
men are created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that
among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness; that to secure these rights, governments are
instituted among men, deriving their just powers
from the consent of the governed; that whenever
any form of government becomes destructive of
these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or
abolish it, and to institute new government, laying
its foundations on such principle#, and organizing its
powers in such form, as to them shall seem most
likely to effect their safety and happiness."
Mr. Speaker, these are the plain and eternal
truths sealed to us by the blood of our fathers; and
yet (I blush to own it) I have lived to hear, on the
floor of the American Congress, these truths de-
rided as mere "silly abstractions"—as "rhetorical
flourishes." What heart that is American that does
not palpitate for utterance to words that shall suffi-
ciently denounce such degeneracy? What blood that
courses a freeman's veins that doss not boil with in-
dignation at such deep political depravity? Are the
members of this House prepared to sit still and see
the strong arm of this government used to suppress
the action of the people, who, even at this late
day, acting on the doctrines of the declaration of in-
dependence, are peaceably emerging from under the
despotism of the legatees of King Charles's authori-
ty ill the colonies, under the plea that their warrant
for so doing is a "mere abstraction?"
Mr. Speaker, the people of that section from
which I hail, have been taught to believe that our
fathers meant what they said, when they periled
their lives in the promulgation of those immutable
truths which drove from this continent kingly rule,
and shook to their base the blood-cemented thones
of tlie old world.
But one gentleman from the State of Rhode Island
complains against the people's constitution (and he
will, 110 doubt, be followed by kindred spirits from
other quarters) that it does not permit the black man
to vote, or recognise him as a part of the people of
Rhode Island. This, Mr. Speaker, is the old strata-
gem of those who secretly abhor the masses of the
people and yet have not the courage to say so.
They always attempt to deprive the poor white man
of his right of suffrage, because they say if you
f-ant it to him you must confer it on the negro too.
said I supposed the gentleman from Rhode J eland
would be backed in this stratagem by other kindrad
spirits. For this supposition I have two good and
sufficient reasons: first, I see some of those who sur-
round him wonderfully tickled at this very sharp
suggestion; from which I infer their sympathy in
the fate of his new-born zeal for the black man's
rights. The other reason is the manner in which
the enemies of the extension of the right of suffrage
have uniformly conducted themselves in all conven-
tions called for the purpose of changing fundamental
laws and extending the right of suffrage to the masses
of the people. They uniformly, when they find
it impossible to resist the extension to all free
white males, immediately turn round, and try to
put the negro on the same footing with the poor white
laborer—hoping that he will himself reject a privilege
that is conferred upon him in common with the
blacks of the country. This was emphatically the
course pursued by those who resisted the extention
of the right of suffrage in the convention of N. York.
When they could no longer limit the right of voting
to a freehold qualification, they immediately at-
tempted to make suffrage universal, including whites
and blacks—hoping, thereby, to secure the rejection
by the people of the new constitution, leaving the
old one, with its freehold qualification, in full force;
and when some ot the friends of suffrage were
driven to some restrictions as a compromise to save
the whole from rejection,—these worthies turn
round and denounce them as enemies to universal
suffrage, because they would not permit the black
mon to be put on an equality with the poor white
citizen. Out upon such knavery! Do they sup-
pose the people of this country fools, that they cannot
see their shifts and turns, and in them maik their
deep hatred to the masses of the laboring citizens?
Why, Mr. Speaker, many an honest voter of the
western country, who had not taken the time and
trouble to investigate the matter for himself, was
made to believe, by the garbled extracts and sup-
pressed facts which were given ot the New Yoik
convention, that Martin Van Buren was opposed to
the extention of the ; right of suffrage; when he in
fact was, in that convention, the great champion of
that right—contending with the strength of a giant
for the extension—resisting the embattled squad-
rons of federalism, who contended that property
should entitle men to vote. Sir, these tricks were
discovered by the honest yeomanry of the Western
States, and they now look with scorn and contempt
on those who were engaged in the perpetration of
these frauds.
I hold the right of suffrage to be incident to the
right of self-government, which is not only a natu-
al, but an inalienable right. Man, in his individual
or collective capacity, is inca-pahls of alienating ot
divesting himself of this right. Man is the element
of government, (if I may so express it,) whilst prop-
erty is the element of taxation to support it. Maa
—the poor as well as the rich—defends and sustains
the government. Property is secured by it, and
should, therefore, pay the expense. The people frame
and adopt constitutions, or what are called fundamen-
tal laws;'constitutions govern and control the action,
legislative, executive, and judicial, which the people
have created as their agents, and who act solely by
the authority of the people. These fundamental
laws are binding upon all, until altered or amended
by the power which created them; and the people, in
forming one constitution, could neither deprive
themselves nor their successors of the original right
to alter or amend the same at pleasure. But the
gentlemen object that the people did not follow any
legal, prescribed forms in this change of government,
and therefore it is not valid. Why, Mr. Speaker,
the convention which framed the constitution under
which we are now here, followed no legal prescribed
form in assembling together. Indeed, they assem-
bled for the avowed, different purpose of amending
the articles of confederation yet, being So together,
they framed our present constitution, and submitted
it to the people of the States for their adoption; and
is it, therefore, no constitution? The question is one
of fact, behind which question of fact you cannot go.
Did the people adopt it? Is it the work of the peo-
ple of Rhode Island; and has it their sanction and
final decision in the exercise of their original, unde-
rived power5 I say "underived power;" for, under the
Deity, it is the exercise of a power underived from
man, and inalienable by him. And, Mr. Speaker,
1 declare here, in my place, that if the constitution
under which Thomas W. Dorr was elected govern-
or was adopted by the people of that State, it was
and is the constitution of Rhode Island, until it was
or is .superseded by another, adopted by the same
authority; and Thomas W. Dorr was and is, if his
time be not expired, the true, legal, and only gov-
ernor of the State of Rhode Island. Every other
power at war with his is a usurpation; and although
such power may be a government de facto, the day
will come whe« the rights of Thomas W. Dort, as
the executive dejure of Rhode island, will have the
sanction of every lover of liberty.
These are,the doctrines I hold; and 1entertain no
slavish fears that, because I leave this unlimited sov-
ereignty in the hands of the people, where God and
nature have placed it, they will abuse it. Let tyrants
seek for bolts, bars, and fetters, with which to bind
the people; none others fear their power. The gen-
tlemen on the other side declare that the people are
bound to wait until the legatees of Charles's despotic
power, who have not yet learned to feel as Ameri-
can citizcns, choose to permit them to move, and
that they may prescribe the manner of moving; that,
as the charter does not provide the mode of amend-
ment, the people of that State are bound to live al-
ways under it, or that the creatures created under it
may violate it. by prescribing a mode for its amend-
ment; that, in the mean time, they (the legislature)
make or refuse to make freemen. God made man;
and he made him free. Yet here, in one of the
States of this Union—in this land of freemen—in
this year of ouf Lord one thousand eight hundred
and forty-four,—it is boldly eontended that, in that
State, no man can be free but such as the legislature
makes free. History records that the fathers of
these men fought nobly through the revolutionary
war, animated, no doubt, by that "bundle of ab-
stractions," as gentlemen are pleased to call the dec-
laration of independence. Did they fight for a
change of masters, think you? or did they, when
they fell on the field of battle, expect to be shrouded
with the ensign, and leave, as a legacy to their
orphan children, the inestimable right of freemen?
Sir, the change of masters was scarcely worth the
struggle; for, to my mind, the man that could set up,
and adhere to such a right over his fellows, m the
broad blaze of human rights which now shines upon
at least some portions of this confederacy, must be
an effeminate, degenerate, drivelling aristocrat who
would be a disgrace to his patron King Charles 11.
These are the whig doctrines of Rhode Island, are
they? Well, I want to hear what their whig friends
of the West will say at this time of day. No, sir, I
will not wait to hear. I will anticipate the masses
of the western whigs, who I know to be honest
and patriotic. I now, in the name and on
behalf of the great mass of all parties in the western
part of this republic, declare, if the governing
powers under the charter of Charles exercise the
right to goyera the people of that State by apy other
