m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Kennedy.
H. of Reps
authority lhan that of the people, either expressed or
implied,—that it was, from its beginning to its end,
a most infamous and damnable usurpation. . Let
tat strengthen this declaration by the opinion of one
of the great men of that age in which our constitution
was formed. In the Virginia convention to adopt
the constitution of the united States, Mr. Lee, in
speaking of the action of the different States on the
adoption of the constitution, used the following
language: "With respect to Rhode Island, I hardly
know anything. That small State has so rebelled
against justice, and knocked down the bulwarks of
probity, rectitude, arid truth, that nothing rational
■or just can be expected from her."
Sir, I have referred to western sentiment of both
parties on this subject. I do it with pride. Goto
the West—to her increasing, thriving, advancing,
and liberty-loving population: ask them if man is
free? If human societies may not change, alter,
amend, abolish, or reform their systems of govern-
ment, from time to time? and whether, m their
judgment, they (the people) must ask leave of the
governing power to exercise these primitive rights?
Sir, I turn, as was said by a distinguished writer
of our language, a little varied, to suit the occasion,
from that land (if We are to judge of her by the ac-
tion of those who have invoked to their aid the lov-
«rs of law and order, at the expense of liberty)
where no generous plant takes root, where no verdure
quickens, to a region where wilderness is sublimity
itself, where fruit and flower fields are an Eden,
land where the human heart expands and dilates
with every generous emotion, and liberty can find
advocates by the thousand, but despotism no one
to tremble at his iron rule.
Let this question be again put to the American
people; let gentlemen go forth avowing that the dec-
laration of independence is nothing but a bundle of
abstractions. The people of the far West (whom,
in part, I have the honor to represent) will give a
response that will be a terror to evil-doers. Let
some man mount one of our rude primitive ros-
trums, (yclept a stump,) and promulgate the doc-
trine contended for here—that man is not capable of
self-government. We, sir, hold this doctrine as
settled. It lias been settled by one-half a century's
successful experiment. Those who doubted before
the experiment was made, were in error; but it was
an error of the head, not of the heart. But he who
doubts it now, must be one whose heart needs ref-
ormation, or whose head needs the apology which
never flatters those for whom it is made; and I hold
that well-informed American who attempts to scan-
dalize self-government, by declaring that the people
cannot be trusted to alter, amend, or abolish one
form of government and substitute another in its
stead, as a traitor to human improvement and the
liberty of mankind.
ft has been more than insinuated, in the course
of this debate, that Governor Dorr, and those who
struggled with him in Rhode Island, were a band of
ruffians, whose only object was to plunder the
banks and violate the chastity of the daughters of
Rhode Island. Sir, I scorn to reply to such a charge;
and the man who could make it only lacks the brute
courage to be guilty of the deed himself.
There is one other averment in this petition to
which I wish to advert for a moment; and it is one
that I believe has been denied by no one: that is,
that martial law was declared and enforced by the
chartists upon the entire people of the State,
for a considerable length of time. Now, sir,
to this fact I call the attention of the entire
people of this confederacy. Let it be made
known that the military was made superior, and
that the whole civil code of a State in the Union was
trampled upon, annulled, and abrogated; the peo-
ple of an entire State put under the iron heel of a
few pampered despots, who were cowardly enough
to call in the aid of the general government to assist
them in their unholiy crusade against the rights of
the people of that devoted State. And for what'
To keep the free spirits of Rhode Island a little long-
er crushed to the earth under the triple tyranny of
the successor of the most dissolute monarch who
ever disgraced the British throne? The American
poeple will naturally ask, Is this true? Can it be
possible that such things are suffered to exist in this
country' The answer must be a mournful affirm-
ative. Nor is this all. This thing has been done
at least under the countenance of the very men who
laised a® piteous howl of violated law and outraged
liberty, when General Jackson declared martial
)uw at New Orleans to save that city from the sack
of a rude, infuriated, and licentious soldiery! God
save the liberty of that country over which such
men bear rule! Sir, I doubt whether ancient or
modern history can furnish a parallel to the cool,
deliberate, and despicable outrage perpetrated on the
people of Rhode Island, in the heart of this
free and happy country. As to Governor Don', 1
hold him thrice honored in his chains over those who
riveted them; and when it is tauntingly asked why
he is not here, I reply, he is not here because he is
secured by bolts and bars, "the workmanship of
fear." That he is where Washington, Hancock,
Franklin, and Adams, would have been, had some
overpowering government thrown itself into the
scale of oppression, and borne down the colonists by
the rude hands who wielded British bayonets to
suppress the doctrines of the declaration of inde-
pendence. What is his, would have been their of-
fence. What is his, would have been their fate.
And suppose, in that contingency, which God in
his mercy averted, some full-blown aristocrat on
the floor of the British House of Lords should have
sneeringly referred to their fetters, and asked tri-
umphantly why they were not before their lord-
ships to defend their characters from foul aspersions:
what, think you, Would have been the response of
a true son of Columbia? He could not have replied
less than to say, as I do now to those who make
these jests—A noble spirit never tramples on a fallen
foe. And here I must be permitted to drop a re-
flection which forces itself upon my mind.' In such
a struggle, after the champions of popular rights
had sunk tinder the iron grasp of a strong govern-
ment—after peace had been restored, and the charter-
ists (not chartists, sir) had triumphed, one would
have supposed that magnanimity would have
prompted the settlement of this controversy by the
release of Dorr from the fetters that were prepared
for him, and from the charge against him. But no;
despotism has no heart, and the claims of common
sympathies are lost upon those who usurp lawless
power.
Mr. Speaker, it is probably a great defect in my
composition, but I acknowledge that, notwithstand-
ing I was raised in the peaceable anil forgiving faith
of George Fox, yet I am not patient under the in-
fliction of injuries, and I should have been disposed
to look oil with approval, if the people of Rhode
Island had treated those who attempted to stifle the
will of the people with foreign ball and buckshot, to
th e same dish of hemp-cord and oak-limb meted out
to some of the tories of our revolution. But no
doubt better counsels prevailed; and although in that
struggle the right was "crushed to earth," yet no hu-
man blood was spilled.
Mr. Speaker, if it be true, as is sometimes alleged,
that the aristocracy of wealth in some of the small
"rotten borough" Sta'.es, has such a foothold that
equal rights cannot be secured to the poor mail, wh )
is denied the right of suffrage, without bloodshed,—
let me here, in the name and on behalf of the
free sons of the mighty West, invite them to come
to our glorious country. Our mighty rivers, our
broad luxuriant prairies, our inviting forests, yet
spreading themselves in all their grandeur over a
virgin soil of unequalled fertility; our herds and
flocks; our peace, plenty, and comfort; our exemp-
tion from the restraints that, in old communities,
check the progress of man; our facilites in all the arts
| of life; our love and enjoyment of freedom, in fact as
well as in name,—all invite them to come and grow
j up with us, and enjoy in common, as each shall de-
serve to enjoy, by industry and virtue, our richest
blessings. Let him come and pitch his tent anion"
us, who will extend to him the right hand of fellow-
ship. Let every noble spirit up and away to the
"land of the free and the home of the brave," where
cach man treats his neighbor as his equal, and God
alone as his superior.
Mr. Speaker, I know I shall be charged, here and
elsewhere, with being a looofoco, agrarian, leveller,
i and barn-burner, with many other such classical
expressions, fulminated by upstarts who claim to be
the "well-born." Be it so. My consolation is, that
it has been the fate of every man who has contended,
in ancient or modern times, for the rights of man.
It will, in all probability, continue to be so as long
as there are knaves to expose, or tyranny to resist.
If such creatures as will denounce, were to speak
well of me, 1 should begin to look about, to see m
what I had neglected my duty, what rascality I had
failed to denounce, by which I purchased their for-
bearance.
On these subjects, Mr. Speaker, I feel deeply, per-
haps sensitively. I can well recollect when the only
claim I had to the right of suffrage was, that I found
myself possessed of a soul and a body, and therefore
called a man. And, although I may now be sur-
rounded by the good things of this world, and less
of the hardships of life to support, yet, sir, I am
not one whit better qualified to exercise the right of
suffrage, or bear the title .of freeman, than I was
when as penniless as Lazarus, who lay at the rich
man's gate. And, Mr. Speaker, if I should ever
forget that I am one in common with the people of
tny country—if I ever become haughty, and refuse
to sympathize with the laborers of this country,
with whom I was born and raised, may this arm fall
palsied by my then recreant side, and this tongue
cleave to the roof of my mouth.
REMARKS OF MR. KENNEDY,
OF INDIANA.
In the House of Representatives, March 18, 1844.—In
Committee of the Whole, on the resolution of Mr.
Owen, to give notice to Great Britain of the tei-
mination of the treaty providing for the joint oc-
cupation of the Oregon Territory.
Mr. KENNEDY said-
Mr. Chairman: The inquiry has been made,
What are the feelings of the western people on this
subject' It is not my intention to detain the com-
mittee but a few moments; but, coming from that
section, "I feel bound to respond to this inquiry.
Mr. Chairman, the western people believe that ihis
Oregon country belongs to the United States; and
so believing, they expect to occupy it. We were
taught to believe that the territory in dispute between
this government and Great Britain, on our north-
eastern boundary, was ours, and the West was pre-
pared to stand by the State of Maine, in whose
boundary it fell, in her assertion of her right thereto.
In our primary assemblies, in our conventions and
legislative halls, we pledged ourselves so to do; and
as long as Maine stood up to her own rights, we
stood ready to back her to the death. But, when
Maine consented to be dismembered, we yielded—
with a wry face, I admit; but still we submitted; sup-
posing it washer business rather tin n ours. But,
sir, if you suppose that the West will yield one
acre—ay, one inch—of our northwestern territory,
as long as there is a man left to defend it, then,
sir, you or I have mistaken the character of that
western people, who have driven the red man before
them like the morning mist before the rays of a clear,
cloudless sun. We have no objection to your nego-
tiating, if you will negotiate speedily. But these
negotiations must be made with the full, plain, and
distinct understanding that not one inch of what is
ours is to be given away, either with or without
equivalents. This, sii, is what I take to be western
feeling on this subject. But if any government on
God's footstool presumes to make the conditions of our
occupying that territory a war, or the surrendering
one acre of that territory the conditions of ;i peact—
though that acre might be as poor as the sandy
deserts of Arabia, and as distant as the north pole—
we take war to the knife, and the knife to the lnlt—
infinitely preferring extermination to national dis-
honor.
Mr. Chairman, I was much motified at some re-
marks that fell from the gentleman ftom Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] on this subject. lie, in responding to
the call made upon the western membcis, seemed to
be in a doubting mood, and talks that if and ij—au
and so. I did hope there would be no ifi from the
Mississippi Valley on this question. But he says if
we are to have a war, why, he wants Mr. Clay to
be at the helm, &c. Indeed! Well, who asked
about a war? The inquiry was, What is western
feeling about our right to Oregon, and the pro-
priety of immediate occupation thereof? But,
Mr. Chairman, I think I see whither all this
is tending. He is evidently attempting to
make an excuse, in advance, for "the votes that he
and his political friends arc going to give on this
question. He is, no doubt, feeling his way to an
avowal which he fears will not be very palatable to
his political friends at home. This avowal will, m
due time, be made; and will turn out to lie that his
champion, Mr. Clay, is opposed to our taking pos-
session of Oregon Territory. Is not this it' We
will see when we come to the vote on this joint res-
olution.
Mr. Chairman, I have spoken of what I have
good reason to believe the feelings of almost the
entire people of the West. It is the spontaneous
feeling of patriotism which burns in the bosoms of
the whole western people, whigs and democrats.
