252
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fie Would open ft as widaas charity itself, to protect
and cherish destitute persons thrown upon die mer-
cy of Congress—the only source from which, in this
instance, they could expect to derive aid. He hoped,
. therefore, that the bill would meet with the favora-
ble consideration of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN said there was no membftr of the
Senate that would not readily accord with the char-
itable sentiments just expressed by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey. But the question was not
one of charity; it was, who is to pay for this lunatic
asylum, and on whom did the obligation rest to de-
fray the expenses of it? Was it the nation, or the
District of Columbia? The honorable gentleman
Said it was not a money-getting concern; but he
(Mr. Allen) would ask what was said when the
bill to convert the old jail into an asylum was under
consideration in this Senate two years ago. Ten
thousand dollars were then sought and granted to
enable the government to fit up that building for the
reception of the afflicted and unfortunate; and now,
if it is asked how that sum has been expended,
the answer is, that it has provided accommodation
for 25 patients.
Mr. MILLER. The building, as now fitted up,
will accommodate from 75 to 100 persons.
Mr. ALLEN said that made but little difference.
It was only two years sinoe the last appropriation of
$10,000, and now a further appropriation of a like
amount was demanded to make the first available,
with an addition to cover arrearages. What was the
prospect' That of an increased demand every year.
No proclamation of charity, he contended, could jus-
tify senators in allowing trespasses on the public
motley. It was their duty to look carefully to those
who, at all times and in all places, are found ready
to sink their anna to the elbow in the long purse of
the treasury; and to prevent their doing so. The
people of the District of Columbia should be bound
to take care of their own afflicted, the same as every
State in the Union was bound to do. The bill itself
contained an answer to the only argument ad-
vanced in its favor; in providing for the return
of the afflicted patients found within the Dis-
trict, to the States to which they belong.
Was it reasonable to ask for an appropriation for
their support, when there was an express provision
for their being sent to the States they belonged to?
To show that the appropriation required was ex-
cessive, Mr. Allen quoted from the official report
of the superintendent of the insane asylum in Ohio,
showing the annual grant from the State legislature
for support of that institution to be $14,000; which,
with $2,300 from other sources, made up its yearly
income. Thus the State of Ohio, with a population
of two millions, supported an institution which,
for magnificence of structure, cleanliness of interior,
regularity of management, or provision for the
health and comfort of its unfortunate inmates, could
not be surpassed, at an annual expenditure of
$14,000; while the District of Columbia, with a
population of 43,000 persons, asks $5,000 per year
fur the same purpose. If, under the proposed bill
the people of the District of Columbia did their duty'
they would send to their different States all the
lunatics not bona fide residents of the District; and
by doing so, they would reduce the number from
twenty-five to five or six. It was not too much to
premise they would do their duty; and if so, they
would, according to this bill, ask Congress to sup-
port the remaining five or six at the moderate rate
of SI,000 per head; and this they would do
while Ohio was supporting her insane patients at
196 per head. Giant the sum now asked for, and
iouble the amount would be looked for next year,
and so on ad infinitum; for, when the neighboring
States found the government so liberal, it was not to
be doubted that they would take advantage of that
liberality by sending as many of their own afflicted
into the District as they could get there. The bill
proposed for the care of twenty-five patients and
twenty attendants—nearly one to each.
Mr. MILLER said the family of the steward,
who would live on the premises, was included in
the twenty persons counted in the estimate—all
reckoned at seventy-five dollars per head for sup-
port.
Mr. ALLEN said it amounted to the same thing,
the only difference being that families were to be pro-
vided for. He thought, when there were so many
exc,is jS.t0 Set money from the public treasury ex-
pended m the District, and when an application for
a dollar to remove river obstructions, that caused a
frightful annual loss of life and property, wag sure
to be met with a cry of reform and retrenchment, |
d
! members of the Senate should look carefully into it.
As to himself, except the appropriation was reduced,
and that considerably, he would vote against the
bill, and continue to vote against similar measures
introduced hereafter.
Mr. MERRICK said there was not the slightest
danger to apprehend that the passing of the bill would
occasion aijy increase of insane subjects in the Dis-
trict. The neighboring States of Maryland, Vir-
ginia, and Pennsylvania, had institutions for the
cure of their own afflicted; and those are not going
to be abolished. As to the amount of appropriation
complained of, the senator from Ohio should rec-
ollect the difference of prices between his State and
the District. There, all necessaries of life were
cheap in the extreme; while here, and in the adjoin-
ing country, those articles were comparatively
dear. He also pointed out the expense of sending
lunatics to their home—for instance: a raving man to
Ohio: his expenses, with that of a care keeper, should
be paid there, and the expenses of the keeper back.
Mr. ALLEN did not consider the explanation of
the senator from Maryland at all satisfactory; and
went on to show that it was unconstitutional for the
government so to favor the District by the appro-
priation in its behalf of the public moneys. Too
much had been done for it; and when Congress paid
the debt of the District, it would have been equally
justified in assuming and paying off the debt of the
State of New York.
Mr. MERRICK said the honorable senator from
Ohio took an erroneous view of the reasons that led
Congress to assume the debt of the District. It was
from a conviction that, in good faith, it was due by
the United States to the District. Government owns
here a large and valuable property, which, if taxed
by the authorities the same as their own property
was taxed, would leave government, after taking
credit for all appropriations, deeply indebted to the
District.
Mr. ALLEN. The expenditures of government
within the District were more than equivalent for
any benefit that the District could derive from taxes
on government property. Remove the seat of gov-
ernment, and Washington would become a wilder-
ness—the foxes would burrow on Capitol Hill.
Mr. MILLER inquired how many pauper luna-
tics were supported m the institution in Ohio.
Mr. ALLEN was not prepared to state the num-
ber of paupers—the whole number was 145.
Mr. HAYWOOD was opposed to the clause giv-
ing to three inspectors a salary of $250 each. He
thought it a reflection on the character of the Dis-
trict, which said they could not get three individuals
of character who would perform the duties of in-
spectors for charity. If there should be hired in-
spectors, he thought they should be paid a salary
sufficient to make them faithful to their trust. He
believed the lunatic asylum would be a curse and
not a blessing to the District. He would move that
that portion of the bill providing for the payment of
inspectors be stricken out.
Mr. MILLER thought, that where labor was re-
quired to be performed honestly, it was necessary
to have some hold on the responsibility of the per-
son performing it; and this could only be done by
giving compensation. The inspectors under this
bill would, with other general duties, be required to
meet once a fortnight, to examine and regulate all
accounts of expenditure, &c., and to prepare a faith-
ful yearly report for the information of Congress.
The bill only provided for a year, and then, if the
duties were not well performed, Congress have the
remedy in its own hands.
Mr. Hakwood's amendment was then put
but did not prevail. '
The question that this bill be engrossed for a
third reading, was then put.
The yeas and nays, were then called for, when
there appeared, yeas 29—nays 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien
Choate, Clajton, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Fulton, Jarnairin'
King, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Pearcc, rhelps!
Porter, Rives, Sevier, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tallmadge Un-
ham, "Walker, Woodbridge, and Woodbury —29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atkcrton, Bagby Ben
ton, Breese, Colquitt, Fairfield, Ilanuegan, Havwood
Huger, Tappan, and Wright—13. '
Mr. BERRIEN moved the postponement of the
previous order, so that a bill for changing the time
for holding courts m Clarksburg and Wheeling, in
the district of Virginia, might be taken up as in
committee of the whole.
The motion having been agreed to, and the bill
read,
Mr. SEVIER said that, last spring, one of the
judges was not able, in consequence of the difficul-
ties of travelling at that season, to reach the'court
in Arkansas, at the time appointed for opening it;
and he moved, therefore, as an amendment, that the
second Monday in April be substituted for the
fourth Monday in March, as the time for holding
the United States court in that State.
The amendment was concurred in; and the bill
having gone through the necessary stages, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. MERRICK presented a certain act passed by
the Virginia legislature, amendatory of the charter
of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal company, in
which the acquiescence of Congress was asked. It
was committed.
On motion, it was agreed that when the Senate ad-
journed, it would adjourn till Monday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, in re-
ply to the resolution of the Senate concerning the
erection of Fort Wayne on the site heretofore select-
ed for that purpose, on the Arkansasfrontier: order-
ed to lie on the table.
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the President of the United States, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 9th
of January, reports from the Secretaries of State and
War, giving information of the number of Indians
living in the limits of the United States, who receive
pensions or annuities from the British government:
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
the Navy, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of January 21, showing what would be the
additional cost of employing the home squadron in
cruising between the port of New Orleans and the
island of Cuba, efce. &c.: ordered to lie on the table.
On motion, the Senate proceeded to the considera-
tion of executive business; and after a short time
spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 9, 1844.
The joornal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the resolution reported by the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. HAMLIN desired permission to present a
petition upon a subject upon which the Committee
on Commerce had made a report, and upon which
he had been called before that committee to give tes-
timony, in order that the petition and the report
might be printed together.
Objection being made—
_ Mr. HAMLIN moved a suspension of the rules,
m order to enable him to present the petition, and
move that it be printed; which motion was neg-
atived, and the House then proceeded to the consid-
eration of the order of the day.
THE FOUR STATES.
Mr. THOMPSON being entitled to the floor, pro-
ceeded to address the House. His right to his seat
upon this floor being involved in the decision of this
question, it devolved upon him to undertake, and if
possible to demonstrate, the rightfulness of his title.
He could not be induced to retain his seat, and to ex-
ercise the high functions which appertained to him as
a member of that House for a single day, if he be-
lieved that the people who sent him there had no right
to elect members to Congress, and that a majority of
their voices had not called him to the situation he
held.. I he constitution made this House the judge
of the qualification, election, and returns of its mem-
bers.
• ^^^ers °f this House, then, were the sole
judges of the question now before them; and from
their decision lay no appeal. Being judges of the
question, they ought to approach it with coolness,
and endeavor to lay aside the garb of the partisan,
and not seek to make political capital out of it. A
great right was involved—the dearest right of free-
men—the right of representation—the right to have
a voice in the making of those laws by which they
were to be governed: that right was involved in the
decision of this question; and the peopled repre-
sentatives should be slow to tamper with sucn a
right.
Mr. T. then entered into an argument to show
mat Congress had not the power to compel the
btates to legislate in reference to the regulation of
their elections; and that, if Congress, under the au-
thority conferred upon it by the constitution, took
