268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Rhode bland Memorial—Mr. Potter.
H. of Reps.
profess to be for State rights and for strict construc-
tion, should undertake to interfere with a sovereign
State and dictate to her what constitution she should
adopt. Why, sir, a few days ago we heard a gen-
tleman say he eould not find in the United States
constitution any power to repair' Pennsylvania ave-
nue; and a|day or two since, in the Grampus case, I
understood one gentleman to argue that it was un-
constitutional to allow the officers and seamen of
the navy a cent more than their regular pay. Now,
sir, I want to see who of these strict constructionists
can find in the United States constitution any grant
of power to Congress to dictate to us in this ease.
Rhode Island is a small State, it is true; but if it can
be done in her case, it can be done to New York
or any of the large States.
Our present constitution was adopted with hardly
any opposition, although in voting upon it the doors
were thrown wide open, and the suffrage was almost
universal. The Dorrites being afraid of defeat, did
not dare to oppose it; and there being no opposition,
its friends did not poll so large a vote as they
would have done. The Dorrites—the sovereigns as we
call them—have been outvoted and badly beaten
every time they have tried a contest, and still they
have the impudence to pretend that they are the
great majority, the sovereign people of the State.
And besides this, there is a most important princi-
ple involved in this case; and of what use is it to
send for persons and papers, before you have decided
this principle, and that you have a right to interfere
in case the facts are established?
Until our new constitution was adopted, we had
lived for one hundred and eighty years under the
old charter of Charles II. This charter was sol-
emnly accepted by the people, and thus, in the lan-
guage of our declaration of independence, had "the
consent of the governed" in its foundation. Under
that old charter we have enjoyed more happiness
and better government than any other State m tins
Union; we have had very little class legislation;
we pay no high salaries; we have had no direct
taxes for twenty years; the taxes paid by the banks
support our government; we had good courts, and
our laws were cheaply and economically adminis-
tered, so that the poorest could obtain redress for
injuries. What is the use of making a groat flourish
about rights, and then (as is done in some free-suf-
frage States) make the courts so expensive, that a
poor man stands no chance in them?
Wo have been reproached a great deal, Mr. Speak-
er, by the demagogues in some of the free-suffrage
States, with living under a royal charter,* and being
governed by a landed aristocracy. Sir, I should
think it would be best for New Hampshire to punfy
her own constitution before she undertakes to cen-
sure us.
By the constitution of New Hampshire, none
but freeholders can be members of the legislature;
and to be governor, a man must not only have the
specified amount of property, but must be of the
Protestant religion! So that Catholics are excluded.
And the senate districts arc regulated, not by popu-
lation, but by wealth ! And, stranger still, the fol-
lowing:
"No alteration shall be made in this constitution
before the same shall bo laid befoic the towns and
unincorporated place, and appioved by two-thirds of
the qualified voters present, and \otiug oil the sub-
ject !,J
God save New Hampshire! Freedom and equal-
ity, and natural rights, and the rights of majorities,
are not acknowledged in New Hampsliiie; and yet
New Hampshire is one of the patterns of the new-
fashioned democracy.
And in free-suffrage New York, the burdens
upon the poor, upon those utteily destitute of
property, 111 the shape of military duty, and work
upon the highways, are four or five fold what they
ever were m this much abused aristocratic Rhode
Island. Poll taxes of any sort are unknown anion?
us.
At this very moment, sir, in some of these States
where they have had fiee suffrage foi years, the
democratic party are making great exertions to es-
tablish the principles of having all charters made re-
pealable by the legislature, and of making the stock-
holders of all corporations liable for their debts. Sir,
in these salutary reforms, little aristocratic, Adeline
One of those now fashioned democrats, whoso democrat'
ey consists m nothing but names and professions, must
feel very uneasj if U\'in's in Kmgs or Queens counts . in
Tvew Yoik, or in some places with kingly names in some
of the Southern States.
Connecticut hved under a royal charter until 1816.
Rhode Island is twenty years ahead of them. We
have practised upon these doctrines for twenty years
past. We have introduced, too, into Rhode Island,
several years ago, the truly democratic principle of
voluntary incorporation, by allowing people to in-
corporate themselves for literary, scientific pur-
poses, &c.-, without going to the legislature; and our
Algerine constitution contains not only a provision
prohibiting the general assembly incurring any debt,
but prohibits their loaning the credit of the State to
any person or company, and prohibits their grant-
ing any charter to any moneyed corporation until a
new election shall have intervened between its pro-
posal and its passage; and yet we are aristocrats,
and they are the true, Simon Pure democrats.
Under our charter, our freehold system of voting
was regulated and defined by law. It has been
charged against us that this power was liable to
abuse by the legislature; and that they could arbi-
trarily change it, and have done it. But this is a
misrepresentation. Since its first adoption in 1723,
it has always been considered and treated as a fun-
damental law; and the amount has always been sub-
stantially the same, although nominally varied
several times, on account of the changcs in the value
of the old paper currency; and yet the Dorr-democratic
paper, (the Herald,) m an editorial article in Sep-
tember, 1849, asserted that before 1762 the qualifica-
tion for a voter was 81,334; and this is only one of
several instances. If this is not a wilful misrepre-
sentation, it shows a recklessness of truth equally
censurable.
Our opponents represent that, under our old char-
ter the voting was so restricted that only about two-
third our citizens had the right of suffrage. But
this is not a fair representation. The whole number
of votes at the Harrison election in 1840 was 8,622.
But this was not a full vote, as the democratic party
knew beforehand that they should be defeated,
and so did not make any very violent exertion.
Now, m some of the towns, although we had no
legal registry, we knew exactly the number of votes;
and by ascertaining the number of absentees in those
towns, and applying the same proportion to the whole
State, we should make the whole number of voters
between eleven and twelve thousand, which is a fair
estimate. Now, the whole number of free white
persons in the State, over twenty-one, is calculated
from the census to be 25,674, and the Dorrites them-
selves have usually deducted 3,000 from this for
unnaturalized foreigners, paupers, &c. This would
make our per cftntage of voteri., upon the free pop-
ulation under our old system, about as large as it is
in Virginia, Louisiana, and Arkansas.* And be-
sides, it was by no means an exclusive system,
and did not establish a class or an aristocracy, for
the amount was fixed so low, that any young
man who had the least industry and economy could
easily obtain it. And notwithstanding all that is
said about our suffrage laws, never was there any
State in tile Union where the government was more
completely controlled by public opinion; and this, in
consequence of our frequent elections (every six
months) and the frequent sessions of our legislature.
1 most freely admit, Mr. Speaker, that it would
have been prudeut and politic for us to have ex-
tended suffrage long ago; and this not because I be-
lieve it a natural right, nor that I think we should
have been any better or more economically governed;
but simply because the other States all around us
have done it, and because it is in accordance with
the prevailing public opinion. As I have heard the
observation frequently made by one of our most
distinguished citi/.ens,f we have got to sink or swim
together with our sister States, and if free suffrage
nuns them, we cannot expect to be saved from the
general wreck. Besides, 1 believe that if there is
not always ns much intelligence and information,
there is at least apt to be as much honesty and vir-
tue among the middling class and the poor, as
among the wealthier and more favored classes, J
'See the inteiesting tables contained in the number for
Ma\ 4, 184-2, ot the United States Commercial and Statis-
tical Kog-istcr, a very valuable magazine, publr^hed b>
Samuel iiazaid, esq , at Philadelphia.
In \ irgmia, which is of course democratic, if a man o\\ ns
freeholds in several distncts, lie can -vote m them all.
1Hon. John Whipple.
1'The few who aie qualified aic as likely to be lound
amori^ those whom [the advocates for a property qualities*
tion] v, ould exclude from the elective lranchjse, as omonir
those to whom they would extend it. The ignorant multi-
tude aie as likely to be on one side of the line a-; the other;
and \ice is as prevalent among; the rich as among the poor'
and altogether more dangerous.''—Ren, 0, .1 Browmm. '
A few words now, Mr. Speaker, upon the situa-
tion of political parties in Rhode Island at the time
of this movement, because this is necessary to en-
able us to understand the complete fusion of parties
which took place amongst us. Our parties have al-
ways gone by the same names as they have in
other States—whig and democratic; but the dividing
lines—the test questions-—have hardly ever been the
same. Our parties have always been more or less
influenced by causes local, and peculiar to our own
State. We have never been divided on the tariff or
distribution. Resolutions in favor of the tariff and
distribution, were a great number of times passed
by the legislature, almost unanimously, and several
times when the democrats had the majority. The ques-
tion of rechartering the old United States Bank was
the only one which could be said to hai e been a test
question with us, for many democrats were in favor
of some sort of a bank, with great limitations and
restrictions, and subject to taxation equally with the
State banks. And as to extension of suffrage, the
democratic party, whose principal strength was in
the country part of the State, were most bitterly op-
posed to it. Of the two parties, the whigs gave it
the most countenance. The democratic party had
the majority in the legislature for many years, but
never made the least movement to extend suffrage.
On the contrary, when the election law was revised
in 1836, and the democratic party had a majority in
the House of Representatives, they voted down
everything of the sort.
For several years there had been a small number
of persons, principally in the city of Providence,
who sought to obtain some extension, and in March,
1840, they formed the suffrage association.
Things were in this situation when the great
Harrison haid cider campaign of 1840 came on,
and the democrats were beaten.
The democratic leaders and office-seekers being
now out of power, both in the State and national
governments, took ap the subject of free suffrage for
a political hobby. Many of the whigs joined then),
especially those who, upon the coming' into power
of the new party, could not obtain the offices they
wanted. One of the principal leaders in the enter-
prise was one of the Harrison whig electors.'
Thinking that the whigs had been materially aided
in the late campaign by the machinery of flags, mu-
sic, &c., which they adopted, the new party resolved
to adopt the same plan, and forthwith they procured
some flags, (probably some of the cast-off whig
flags,) published a song-book, roasted an ox, &e.
They took the name of democrats, pot because they
were old democrats, but because the democrats had
lately gamed victories in several of the States; and,
as President Tyler was thought to lean towards that
party, the leaders thought they should stand a better
chance of getting into office.
The first measures the party adopted were very
wisely planned. Their two first mass meetings were
held on public days, (election day and 4th of July,)
when there were great numbeis assembled for the
festivities usual oil those days.
Prom these beginnings they went on. A num-
ber of individuals, with no other authority than
that of this mass meeting, undertook to call a con-
vention, and to fix the number of delegates to. which
each town should be entitled. And by concerted
management, their friends met together in the towns
and elected the delegates, the rest of the people ta-
king no part ill it. And these men met m caucus .
for it had 110 title to be called a convention; it was
a mere political caucus, and a great deal of mischief
has arisen from gmng to political and otheruiiau-
thonzed meetings the imposing name of conven-
tion— and pioposed a constitution, fixed a day for
voting on it, and actually assumed to say who
should vote upon their constitution and who should
not. This attribute of sovereign power was as-
sumed by a few men elected by small political cau-
cuses. After the voting was over, the convention
met, counted their votes, or pieces of paper and
declared it adopted. '
Without saying any thing now about their right
to proceed in this manner, let us inquire a little into
the fact which they assert—that they did obtain a
majority; and we shall find that they practised the
greatest frauds, in order to make it up.
_ Why, sir, Mr. Atwell, who was one of the lead-
ing men among them, has declaied in the legisla-
Mr. Dorr himself had been a 'zealous whig, ao i rejne
fature for several years the city of Fiovidence m the legw
