270
APPENttfX TO THE O ON GRE S SI ON A T i GLOB&
March, 1844.
28th Cong..,..1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Potter.
I have already alluded to their pretences of having
invited an investigation by the legislature and the
court. The truth is, that the leaders, from the be-
ginning, meant to take the business out of the hands
of the legislature, for fear that the legislature might
do something with which the people would be satis-
fied, and that these leaders would thus be deprived
of their expected glory and offices. Their followers
were not let into the secrets of the leaders, all at
once, but were led along, step by step, until they
had got committed too far to retreat. That the leaders,
instead of wishing the legislature to do anything,
intended to anticipate them, is proved by the dates
of their proceedings.
The legislature had called a convention in Jan-
uary, 1841* In May, 1841, Mr. Atwell introduced
a billf to correct the inequalities of representation,
and to extend the right of suffrage in voting for the
delegates; and orf his own motion, the bill was post-
poned to the June session of the legislature, which
was to meet Tuesday, June 22d. But the suffrage
committee were afraid to wait for this; and on the
x 11th June, they drew up and adopted an address,
which was published in the New Age, on June 18th,
four days before the legislature met. In this, they
distinctly avow their intention to pursue the meas-
ures they afterwards did, and announce that, in due
time, they shall take,measures to call their conven-
tion. These threats were probably intended to pre-
vent the legislature from acting at all in the matter.
And yet they have had the impudence to assert, that
they did not take these ultra-legal measures until
after the June session, when all hope of redress was
gone.}
All these proceedings, sir, we believe to have
originated from erroneous notions of liberty; from
a wrong construction—a misunderstanding of the
principles laid down in the declaration of "indepen-
dence. The declaration of independence was a
revolutionary document, intended to justify a revo-
lution. Do they content themselves with asserting
mere natural rights as their justification? Do they
not, on the contrary, put forth a long list of real
grievances, of practical oppressions? Sir, we in
Rhode Island do not deny the right of revolution;
but this is a right which belongs to oppressed mi-
norities as well as majorities, provided their griev-
ances are sufficient to ' justify them to their own and
the general conscience 'for taking such a step.
Sir, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Rath-
bun] read from the bill of rights of Virginia their
declaration, that "a majority of the community"
have a right to reform the government whenever
they think proper. But, sir, does this mean a ma-
jority of a lawless mob, or the majority of the or-
ganized community' Does it meari that a majority
could do it without the forms of ]aw.§ For a prac
tical construction of this bill of rights, and to show
what Virginia herself meant by it, as most of these
doctrines have come from that land of abstractions,
I refer the gentleman to a part of the statute of Vir-
ginia for punishing the crime of treason.
Laws of Virginia, revision of 1819, chapter 162,
page 560: 1
"Sec. 2. Also, every person or persons who shall
H. of Reps.
'The power of the legislature to call a convention to
amend or alter the frame ot government was never doubted
in Rhode Island, and has been frequently exercised, tinder
the old chartcr, the general assembly had all the power
which any government could have, there being no limita-
tion hut the United States constitution, the bill of rights,
and the power of the people through the frequent ejections,
which, under the charter, were held every six months.
fSee report of the committee of the legislature, March,
1842.
}Dr. Brown, president of the suffrage association, makes
this assertion in his statement to the President. See also the
comment of the free-suffrage committee on the statement
submitted to the President by Messrs. Whipple, Francis,
and Potter. It is onlj doin^ Mr Dorr justice to say that lie
never made any such excuse There was no concealment
in him from the first; but the same cannot lie said of the
other leaders.
fjl have before quoted the provision of the constitution of
New Hampshire- "No alterations shall be made m this con-
stitution betore the same shall be laid bciore the towns and
unincorporated places, and approved bv two-thirds of the
qualified voters present and voting on the subject''
Pennsylvania, after giving the legislature power to pro-
pose amendments, has the following proviso: "Xo amend-
ment or amendments shall be submitted to the people
oftener than once in five years "
In Kentucky, the people have to vote for a convention
twice belore one can be called.
tn Tennessee, the legislature shall not propose amend-
ments oftener than once in six years.
There are various restraints in some of the other States
asiep aew'W^>10ne<i democracy of these States must be
erect or establish, or cause or procure to be erected
or established, any government separate from, or
independent of, the government of Virginia, within
the limits thereof, unless by act of the legislature of
this Commonwealth for that purpose fust obtained,
or who shall, in any such usurped government, hold
or execute any office, legislative, executive, judici-
ary, or ministerial, by whatever name such office
may be distinguished or called; or who shall swear,
or otherwise solemnly profess allegiance or fidelity
to the same; or who shall, under pretext of author-
ity, derived from, or protection afforded by, such
usurped government, resist or oppose the due exe-
cution of the laws of this Commonwealth, shall be
adjudged guilty of high treason, and shall be pro-
ceeded against and puhished in the same manner as
other traitors may be proceeded against and pun-
ished.
"Sec. 3. Every person who shall attempt to es-
tablish such government, by any other means than
with the assent of the legislature of this common-
wealth, and, in pursuance of such attempts, shall
join with any other person or persons in any overt
act for promoting such attempts; or who shall, by
writing or advised speaking, endeavor to instigate
the people of this Commonwealth to -erect or estab-
lish such government, without such assent as afore-
said, shall be adjudged guilty of a high crime and
misdemeanor; and, on conviction, shall be subject
to such pains and penalties, not extending to life or
member, as the court before whom the conviction
shall be, shall adjudge."
Act of 1785, sec. 2 and 3.
Treason in Virginia is punished with deuth.
I am glad to be able to quote' this, as we are de-
nounced in Rhode Island, for having passed what
was called "the Algerine law," which is not half so
severe as this law of Virginia, which has now been
in force there about sixty years. Yet, we are aris-
tocrats and Algerines, and every thing which comes
from Virginia is of course democratic.
Our forefathers, when they came to establish a
government, inserted none of these declarations of
natural rights in the constitution of the United States.
But we have them, it is true, and in very loose lan-
guage,* in the constitutions of most of the States.
And how huve they got there? Why, sir, if a mem-
ber of a convention proposes them, every other mem-
ber is obliged to acquiesce. If lie opposes them, he
loses his reputation for democracy forever. Mr.
Dorr proposed them in our legal convention; but we
rejected them as out of place in a constitution.
The people's constitution, made principally by
Mr. Dorr, seLs out with the most magnificent pro-
fessions of natural rights, for (as Mr. Burke says)
when you do not intend to go beyond professions,
it costs nothing to have them magnificent. But how
do they carry them out? Sir, they charged our old
charter system of representation with being arbitary
and unequal, and yet—will it be believed—the rep-
resentation in both branches in Mr. Dorr's constitu-
tion is entirely arbitrary; founded on no ratio what-
ever; and regard was had, only to policy and to get
votes for it. And, sir, they excluded the colored
people entirely from voting! How they could con-
sistently do this, after all their professions about
natural equality, is rather strange. Mr. Dorr him-
self, who was an abolitionist, was, in this instance,
consistent, and wished to carry out his principles,
and admit them to vote. But he was overruled in
the convention.
^Vhen we have told them that, if their principles
were earned out, the negroes in the southern States
would have a perfect right to overturn those State
governments, they answer us triumphantly that the
negroes there are not recognised by law as persons,
forgetting that the very first principle they set out
with, is, that the people, m the exercise of their
natural rights, are above all laws whatever.
As I have said, we do not deny the right of revo-
lution; but we maintain that a government can only
be changed in two ways—by a involution, either
with or without force, or by the foims of law. That
tilers was no oppression in Rhode Island to justify a
revolution, I have already shown.f
"VVe hold, sir, that an adherence to even the forms
i- oi one instance ot the loose and unmeaning waj of
using words in our state constitutions, see that of Tennes-
see The NAVIGATION OF THE MISSISSIPPI is theie
declared to be one of the inherent rights of the people of
Tennessee.
f-No where in the world have life, libertv, and property,
been safer than m Rhode Island "—Bancroft's History, vol
S, p. tW. And yet >Ir. Bancroft has since turned sjmpa-
of law ought tp be a cardinal principle, especially in
a republican government; that it is absolutely neces-
sary to the preservation of our liberties; that liberty,
regulated by law, is the only liberty worth having-;
that few reforms, at least in this country, are worth
paying the price of revolution for-them; that (to use
the words of President Tyler in his letter to the
Governor of Rhode Island) "changes achieved by
regular, and, if necessary, repeated, appeals to the
constituted authorities, in a country so much under
the influence of public opinion, and by recourse to
argument and remonstrance, are more likely to in-
sure lasting blessings, than those accomplished by
violence and bloodshed on one day, and liable to
overthrow by similar agents on another."
But our opponents in this case; although they at-
tempted a revolution, and openly set at defiance all
existing laws, yet they tried to sweeten it to the
taste of their followers by calling it a peaceable
and legal proceeding; and it was by this misnomer—
by this new doctrine of a peaceable, legal revolution
—that they were enabled to deceive and delude so
many.
We have been accused of denying the republican
doctrine of the sovereignty of the people. Sir, we
believe we hold to that doctrine in its only true and
practical meaning—not that there is a sovereignty
residing in every individual; that every man is a sov-
reign; that the sovereign will is to be gathered from
the wild and lawless passions of lawless factions,
however large—but that, subject to the supreme sov-
ereignty and laws of God, the political sovereignty
resides in the community as an organized body, in
the whole people as a State; and that this sovereign-
ty can only speak and make itself known explicitly
and authentically through the constitution and the
laws. And we have inserted in the very front of
our Algerine constitution, the words of General
Washington:
"Art. 1. Sec. 1. In the words of the father of his
country, we declare that 'the basis of our political
systems, in the right of the people to make and alter
their constitutions of government; but that the con-
stitution of government, which at any time exists,
till changed by an explicit and authentic act of the
whole, is sacredly obligatory upon all'
Foreigners, sir, and many of our own people, have
pretended to doubt the capacity of a people to gov-
ern themselves. And, if the doctrines of Mr. Dorr
could be carried out, and constitutions could be
changed every day, and change eternally follow
change, as one wave follows another, there might,
indeed, be cause to fear that by-and-by the sober and
considerate, weary of change and insecurity, would
be willing even to rush into the arms of despotism
for peace and safety. But the manner in which the
people of Rhode Island—the true sovereign people
of Rhode Island—arose voluntarily, and a3 one man,
to defend the insulted laws, and to put down this
miserable humbug, affords a proud answer to all the
doubts and sneers of the enemies of democracy and
popular government. It is the strongest proof of the
capacity of a people to govern themselves, and to
maintain law-rcgulated liberty against the wiles of
demagogues as well as against the encroachments
of tyranny, that has happened in this country since
our glorious revolution of 1776.
I can now only allude to a few of the misrepre-
sentations which have been circulated by the Dorr-
ltes in support of their cause. They charge us with
violating the post office; if so, the United States
thi7or, and aided to oveitluow thin \o\y .•rnmc-nt he
had pronounced so excellent.
If lestrirtions upon natural ri^hS form o iur
involution, then there is nota state m tht I <i:un that i~ not
m tUngLT. J! the right to vote is a natuial light. J procure
the viqht to ho!d i* as mtu'li so In fru, tins m the
naturaJ right for which most of the<e patriots ore most
anxious.
In New Hampshire, New York, Now Jo-scy. Delaware
Vii^ima, Murth Caioiina, South Carolina, and Georgia a'
property qualification if required foi lioldin# «.eiU n o/Lirv
and in most ot them for members of the ! •&,
In Massachusetts, the poll tax w Inch \ otns mus-t i a\
sometimes pretty hi^h In New York, a ti eehold V re-
quired foi colored persons to vote hi Virginia. North
faiohria and some of the other States, fnehold household
or other qualifications, are required, all ot v, hieh aic restjje-
tions on natural rights.
And further: There is hardly a stnte in tbJs r ion m hpre
there is not some inequality (and, m some eases gross in-
equalities) m the representation m one or the other bi-anch
ot the legislatuie Look at Vermont ami C. cnnecticut and,
m iact, almost every constitution. hi New TJamp-jhire, the
Senate is districted according to the vatnral n$hi> of
weallh.
* For some very striking observations upon these mat-
ters, see the speech of the Hon JohnC, Calhoun on the veto
power,
