APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st S,ess.
Military Academy—Mr. Dana.
H. of Reps-
choose, without consulting either the government
or the minority.
"We are very apt to get our notions of the rights
of-majorities from our common' practice of "govern-
ing by majorities. After a government is formed,
and the republican form adopted, as with us, and
the power is placed in the hands of a body of men,
instead of one or a few, the universal rule and prac-
tice is, that m the administration of the laws and
deciding all ordinary cases, the will of the majority
shall be considered as the will of the whole Body.
This is the only practicable rule in managing the
affairs of an organized body of a number of men,
and is adopted either expressly, by rule, or tacitly,
by consent, from the necessity of the case; but then
this majority must act according to the rules and
fundamental laws upon which the government it-
self was organized.- it is from seeing that the ad-
ministration of the government in our country in all
its details is carried on by majorities, and this con-
stantly going on before our eyes, that some come to
imagine that there is some peculiar power inherent
in, or natural to a majority, and that, as a republican
principle, they have a right to change the govern-
ment itself. -
If any number of us were to meet to form an as-
sociation for any purpose whatever, a majority
would have no right to control the rest informing
the articles of association; hut, when once the asso-
ciation was formed, if there were no express rules
for managing its business, we should '-naturally,"
that is, from the necessity of the ease, adopt the rule
of majorities. We should adopt it as a rule of con-
venience. And this is jhe only connexion we
lenow of between nature and a majority.
Much of what we have said before will apply to
the right now claimed for a majority of the qualified
voters. A majority, whether of quatmed or un-
qualified voters, can have no legal, constitutional, or
conventional rights, but such as the constitution or
social compact gives them; and government being
formed by the whole people for the protection of
minorities as well as majorities, when once instituted
it can only be changed by the whole people, or in
such manner as they have agreed it shall be changed.
* y * a" -x * 4
Now it is plain that if the law is out of the case,
mere numbeis cannot add to the right; tlwt is, if
live or ten men can call a convention, one man has
an good a right; and if fifty or a hundred men, with-
out legal authority, can make a constitution, and
say how it shall be adopted, one man lias the same
right; for there is no law, either of nature or of so-
ciety, which limits the number necessary to be con-
cerned in such an undertaking. This, we believe,
the friends of the people's constitution generally ad-
mit. They maintain that it is the adoption of the
constitution by a majority which alone gives it va-
lidity; and that it is of no conscqucnce how it is pro-
posed.
But who is to settle who the sovereign people
are? Those who proposed the people's constitution,
limited the right of voting upon its adoption to
American citizens (which, of course, requires five
years1 residence in the United States) over twenty-
one years of age. They did not expressly exclude
females; but it" females arc to be counted, there can
be no pretence that they obtained a majority. Now
what, upon the theory in question, is there to pre-
vent any private individual framing a constitution
and proposing it to the people, and asking females
to vote upon it' for he would have the same right to
do it the people's convention had. We, have now a
large party among us contending for women's
rights. What would prevent this being done every
day, as new notions arose and became popular
Why could not a majority of a religious sect estab-
lish their creed m a constitution? Religious liberty
is a part of our social compact in Rhode Island, if
anything is. They may, even now, do this by
f">rce; but we are speaking of constitutional right.
If these positions arc followed out in all then- eon-
scquences.,it would be seen that, upon such grounds,
there could be no permanence m any form of gov-
ernment whatever; and a government without some
degree of permanence is "no go\eminent at all. It
may be said, indeed, that in practice these changes
would not be frequent—that the people are not apt
to change, unless there is some great cause to move
them. But where is the security for this? Our
country is, from time to time, swept over by excite-
ments, political and religious; the advocates of
which, while the fever is up, are very apt to think
that the salvation of the republic depends upon the
adoption of $heir particular notions- If a majority
have not only the might, but can make right, what
hinders these things?
People.will never undertake a revolution unless
there be good cause; but once establish that the ma-
jority have the legal and peaceable right now
claimed, and that they can overturn not merely the'
ordihary laws, but the government and constitution
itself, by putting a piece of paper in a ballot-box, or
sending in their vote to any self-constituted meet-
ing, and there is nothing to prevent changes being
attempted every day, and the community would, of
course, be kept in constant agitation by a few heat-
ed partisans.
# * * * # # ' #
The case of the admission of Michigan into the
Union, is often quoted in support of the late move-
ment in Rhode Island. All the facts connected with
it are seldom stated.
Michigan, being a territorial government, the ter-
ritorial legislature, January 25, 1835, passed "An
act to enable the people of Michigan to form a con-
stitution and State government," in pursuance of
which, a constitution was formed by a convention
of the people at Detroit, in .May, 1835.
By the act of Congress, of June 15, 1836, "to es-
tablish the nothern boundary line of the State of
Ohio, and to provide for the admission of the State
of Michigan into the Union upon the conditions
therein expressed," certain conditions, as to boun-
dary lines, &c., were prescribed to be compiled with,
or assented to, before their admission. The act re-
quired that these conditions should "receive the as-
sent of a convention of delegates elected by the
people of said State for the sole purpose of giving
the assent herein required," ana upon such assent
being given, the president was to declare it by proc-
lamation.
In accordance with this act, the legislature, under
the State constitution, called a convention, which
met at Ann Arbor, September, 1836, and rejected
the conditions.
In December, 1836, a convention of delegates,
elected by the people of their own motion, and called
by no legal authority, met, and voted to accept the
conditions. The proceedings were communicated
to President Jackson, who laid them before Con
gress, and Michigan was admitted.
Michigan was, at this time, without any govern"1
ment at all, recognised by Congress. Congress
would not recognise them as a State, until they had
been admitted, and did not recognise their legislature
as having any authority to call a convention, or
theii constitution as having any validity whatever.
Furthermore, the act of Congress required, that the
assent should be given by a convention of delegates,
elected by the people, and did not prescribe any par-
ticular mannei in which the convention should be
called or elcctcd.
All these facts were stated, and the points made,
in the letter from the president of the convention to
President Jackson. The act, he says, "does not
designate any power or authority known among the
people of the State, whether executive or legislative,
by which such convention of delegates sliould be
called together for acting on the premises. The
condition prescribed as a preliminary to the ad-
mission of Michigan into the Union, had not, until
now, been complied with, and no absolute recogni-
tion of our State authorities had been made by any
branch of the national government. The territorial
executive had been withdrawn, the territorial legis-
lature had ceased, and no power remained as recog-
nised by Congress, but the people of Michigan in
theii sovereign canactity, by which the convention
of delegates should be called to yield compliance
with the fundamental condition of admission as pro-
\ ided in the second section of the act of Congress.
Had the third Miction of the -said act designated by
"whom oi by what power the said convention should
be ordered, the mode would have met the cheerful
compliance of the people of Michigan; but an implied
recognition of our eoiistitutional authorities by Con-
gress, is not justified m the whole scope of the act
aforesaid, and might be deemed too broad a con-
struction, beaung on a question so vitally important
to the people of Michigan. Left, then, to our-
selves, we have considered it proper, respectfully,
and as a full compliance with the spirit of the third
section oftbeactof Congress of June 15, 183fi, to
originate with and from the people themselves,
through the expressed sanction of our executive, the
convention of delegates required by said act."
At the regular election for State officers in No-
vember, after the first convention, the question cf
assent or dissent to the conditions required by C0;> j
gress, was made the test question. Having, in this
way, fully ascertained the views of the -people, the
calling of another convention was recommended by
primary meetings, elections for delegates were held,
which were conducted in all respects as the ordinary
elections, and the votes were canvassed and counted
by the eounty boards, as in other cases, acccording
to the territorial law.
The convention themselves, in the act declaring
their assent, express themselves in the preamble
thus: "whereas no authority or power is designated
in said act of Congress by which said convention of
delegates shall be called or convened; but in the
third section of said act, the right of the people of
Michigan to elect said delegates without any pre-
vious action of their constituted authorities, is clear-
ly recognised and manifest: and whereas this con-
vention originated with, and speaks the voice of a
great majority of the people of Michigan;" &e.
Upon these grounds, and under these circum-
stances, Michigan was admitted. Some of the mem-
bers did, indeed, in their speeches, express very rad-
ical opinions, and many of them were, doubtless,
influenced by party motives, as it was during a most
violent contest for the presidency. And even if it
had been decided upon the ground of right alone,
the two cases are not similar, for Rhode Island has
an established government recognised by the United
States, and Michigan had no government at all re-
cognised by Congress, and no government was sub-
verted in this case by the action of the majority.
SPEECH OF MR. DANA,
op new yokk.
In the House of Representatives, March 6, 1844.
The bill making appropriations for the Military
Academy at West Point for the year 1845 being un-
der consideration, in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, Mr. Hale, of New Hamp-
shire, moved as a substitute for the bill a provision
abolishing the institution from and after the 30th of
June, 1844.
Mr. DANA rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: As the West Point academy is
located in the State of New York, which State I
have the honor in part to represent, I desire briefly
to assign the reasons which induce me to vote for
the amendment of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire to abolish the institution after the 30th of June
next.
My first objection to the academy is, that it is an
aristocratic institution. It is aristocratic in its nature
and character. It gives to a few individuals privileges
which it denies to the many. Out of a population
of eighteen or twenty millions, about one hundred
individuals are annually selected as the exclusive
recipients of the national bounty, and are paid and
educated at the public expense, without making the
least return for the benefits they receive. All other
persons who draw pay or salaries from the govern-
ment^ perform services of some kind—often perhaps
very inadequate—but the cadets do nothing for the.
public; make no return whatever. Their pay and
education are mere gratuities. Is it just, or right,
or republican, thus to pamper a few at the expense
of the community?
The institution is aristocratic in the mannei' of
selecting the cadets. They are nominated and virtual-
ly appointed by members of Congress. The privi-
lege of appointing a cadet has become an appendage
of a seat in this House. A member is thus enabled,
at the public expense, to provide for a relative, de-
pendant, or favorite, by quaitering him for hfe upon
the tieasury. He t1m?  enjoys a patronage almost
equal to his pay. Why should he have this extra
privilege." Are not members sufficiently compensa'ed
tor their services? If not, increase their pay; but do
not suffer them to quarter their dependants upon the
public. Such a privilege will be abused; it cannot
exist without abuse. It is not only unjust to the
community, but it is injurious to this House. Con-
gress is called upon to legislate continually m rela-
tion to the academy; and will not such a patronare
tend unconsciously to bias the judgment of members,
however pure, their intentions? It is not in the na-
ture of man to be entirely impailial and indifferent
when his own interests are involved. But even if
he succeeds in divesting himself of every improper
influence, and acts with the strictest justice and pro-
priety, his country's good hi* only object, he will
be likely to sjom little credit by it; he will still be
suspected. Men incapable of acting with the like
nobleness them elves will be slow to behove it of
