m.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
continued to act in accordance with tfaeir own set-
tled policy; and from the'course of that action, no
evidence whatever can be legitimately derived, that
they, or any of them, approved of the provisions of
the 2d section of this bill, or that they deemed it
valid, operative, and binding upon them.
But, from the history of the legislative proceed-
ings of some of the States which have adopted the
district system, and are here represented by mem-
bers elected by districts, it is clearly and unequivo-
cally established that, although they would still re-
tain their own policy, and would still adhere to the
district system, yet, of the second section of the act
in question they not only disapproved, but they de-
nounced it as an impotent attempt at the assumption
of power by Congress—denounced it as invalid, in-
operative, and not binding upon the States. As I
have already had occasion to remark, this is true of
the action of the legislature of Connecticut; it is true
of the action of the legislature of Illinois; and it may
be true of the action of'other State legislatures with
whose history I am unacquainted. But these in-
stances are enough to show the falsity of the prem-
ises which gentlemen have assumed, as well as to
establish the very converse of the conclusions to
which, by reasoning from these false premises, -gen-
tlemen had so triumphantly arrived.
Entertaining these views as to the existence of the
power in Congress, under the constitution, to make
or alter the regulations of the times, places, and
manner of holding the elections of representatives,
though deeming the attempted exercise of that power
as altogether uncalled for, and utterly inexpedient, I
am, nevertheless, fully persuaded that the attempted
exercise of this power was an utter failure, and alto-
gether impotent in the States of New Hampshire,
Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri; and that the
elections held in those States under, and in conform-
ity to, their ancient laws and usages, were elections
held in conformity with the constitution and laws,
and that those who elaim under them are entitled to
their seats upon the floor of this House.
Mr. SUMMERS observed that he regarded this as
a new era in our history. Our institutions were
again to pass through another ordeal; and, in his
opinion, a new blow was struck at them in their prog-
ress of experiment, and it remained to be seen
whether they would fall under it, or, with recupera-
tive energies, survive it, as they had survived previous
assaults, and pass on to the glorious destiny which,
he hoped, awaited them. Mr. S. then went on to
take a view of the act of the last session, and the
responsibilities it imposed, adverting to the neglect
of the four States to obey its injunctions. He then
referred to the report of the 'Committee of Elec-
tions, which he characterized as nullification of the
most dangerous kind, and which set an example
which, if followed, must end in the destruction of
the government. Mr. S. then went on to reply to
the arguments in the report of the Committee of
Elections, which he considered the ablest argument
that had been advanced on that side of the question;
and arguing that the second section of the apportion-
ment act of the last session was clearly within the
constitutional powers of Congress; and endeavored
to show that the members from the four States were
not entitled to their seats.
Mr. JAMESON said, in rising to address the
House on this subject, he felt somewhat embarrass-
ed, on account of "the peculiar position in which he
was placed in reference to it; and he should not
have attempted to obtain the floor, had it not been
that he wished to place himself right before that
House and the country upon some of the collateral
questions wmch had been raised in the discussion of
this subject.
It had been charged upon the four States, inclu-
ding that which he had the honor in part to repre-
sent, that they had been guilty of the act of nullifi-
cation in its most odious form. This charge had
been frequently repeated. What was nullification?
If he understood its meaning, it was an attempt, by
an authority having no competent jurisdiction, to
overthrow a law passed by competent authority.
Had the people of Missouri attempted to nullify an
act of Congress? Had they attempted to do an act
by which this Union would be dismembered? No,
sir; so far from doing anything to effect that object,
they had done all that was in their power to hold
the confederacy united. If it should turn out that
the decision of a majority of the members there
would be that this law was unconstitutional, inop-
erative, and void,—would they be guilty of nullifi-
cation? That would be a singular doctrine. As
well might they charge the Supreme Court with I
being guilty of an act of nullification, when
they pronounced an act of Congress to be , un-
constitutional. Who ever, thought of charging
the Supreme Court with nullification, or of charging
that House with nullification? Yet they might do so
with equal propriety. That House was made the
tribunal which should decide this question; they
were bound to decide it; and unless they happened
to decide that it was constitutional, they would be
guilty of nullification. If nullification was to
be charged upon any quarter in reference to this
question, it rested with those who had brought the
subject before the House.
He denied that Congress had the right either to
district the States, or to command the States to do
it themselves. But Congress had attempted to do
more than this. They had added another qualifi-
fication, besides those prescribed',by the constitution,
to the representatives in that House from the sev-
eral States. The constitution required that.the rep-
resentative should be a resident of the State m
which he was elected; but this law of Congress re-
quired that he should be a resident of a particular part
of the State; and they had not only added an additional
qualification, but they had repealed the first qualifi-
cation set down in the constitution, which required
that the representative should be elected by the
people of the State, and not by the people of a par-
ticular district. Did it ever enter into the mind of
Mr. Madison—to whom reference had been so often
made—and his contemporaries, that Congress
should have the power to repeal a part of the con-
stitution, and to add a new qualification to the rep-
resentatives of the people? Who ever dreamed
that Congress would use the power given to it for
the preservation of the constitution and the govern-
ment, in order to destroy them?  
Mr. J. put several cases in illustration of this po-
sition.
Mr. J. replied to the arguments of Mr. Barnard
of New York, who, he said, expressed great alarm
at the motion of the gentleman from Virginia to
consider this question m the House, instead of in
Committee of the Whole; and also expressed the
most woful forebodings as to the permanency of our
government. Where was the gentleman's tender
conscience, he asked, when the last whig Congress
passed so many unconstitutional measures? Would
the gentleman have been better pleased, he asked, if
the Committee of Elections had reported a bill
making a donation of $50,000 to a rich widow at
the North Bend, or any where else? Or a bill ma- I
king a donation of §50,000 to a couple of whig I
printers, being more than they contracted to work 1
for, and more than they swore the work was worth?
Would lie have been better pleased if they had
brought in a bankrupt bill for the benefit of all the
speculators in the country, to wipe out honest debts?
Or would he have been better pleased if they had
brought ill a bill for the assumption of the State
debts; or a mammoth bank bill? Unless the com-
mittee brought in such bills as these, he feared they
would not be able to please the gentleman. Mr. J.
then went on to argue against the constitutionality
of the law of the last session, and contended for the
rights of the members elected under the general-
ticket system to their seats in that House.
Mr. HARALSON next obtained the floor; but
he gave way to
Mr. LUMPKIN, who proceeded to address the
House, he deeming it right that his views should be
expressed on the points mooted in the case before
the House, affecting, as it did, his own seat on that
on that floor. He proceeded to controvert some of
the positions of one of his colleagues, Mr. Ste-
phfns,] and denied that the State of Georgia hade de-
cided in favor of the district system, as his colleague
asserted. He spoke, likewise, to some other points
involved in the case, and then addressed himself to
the constitutional argument by which he maintained
his right to his seat.
Mr. FRENCH next obtained the floor; but gave
way to
Mr. BOYD, who, by leave, presented a report
from a committee; which was committed to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. C. JOHNSON also desired permission to
present a resolution calling for information from the
Navy Department in relation to the recent appoint-
ments of master's mates; which was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a memorial, which he
offered at the sitting of the House, and it was re-
ceived and referred.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia desired permission to
offer a resolution to seeure to all the gentlemen
elected by general ticket the right to speak on the
subject which has this day ..occupied the attention of
the'House, before, the question was taken; the time
having, it was understood, been fixed to terminate
debate.
The resolution was not received.
The House then adjourned.
The following. notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. BOSSIER: Papers in relation to the case
of John P. Lauderman, for the confirmation of a
land claim.
By Mr. CHAS. M. REED: Petition of William
Wilkison and 110 citizens of the city of Buffalo,
asking an appropriation to widen Buffalo creek and
improve the harbor. Also, remonstrating against the
outer harbor. Petition of Myron Goodwin and 115
citizens of Erie county, asking an appropriation for
continuing the work on the harbor at Erie. The
petition of Peter L. Lake and 40 citizens of South-
port, Wisconsin Territory, asking Congress to im-
prove the navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers.
By Mr. TYLER: Petition of R. Kenyon and
others, praying the furthes^proseeution of the un-
finished works at Barcelona harbor, Chautauque
county, New York.
By Mr. HENRY DODGE: Resolution of the
Council and House of Representatives of the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for an appro-
priation of $5,000 to construct a road from the town
of Milwaukie, through the towns of Greenfield, Ver-
non, New Berlin, to Msfquanago: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. Petition of the
citizens of Walworth county, Territory of Wiscon-
sin, asking Congress to pass a law reducing the
postage, and abolishing the franking privilege, ex-
cept as to the official correspondence of the Post Of-
fice Department: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. Two petitions signed by
citizens of the Territory of Wisconsin, asking the
establishment of a mail route from Madison, the
seat of government, to Sun Prairie, Dade county,
Columbus, in Portage county, Beaver, in Dodge
county, to Waupon, in Fond du Lac county: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. Petition numerously signed by citizens of
Racine county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Con-
gress for an appropriation for a harbor at the mouth
of Root river, town of Racine, in said Territory: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. Two peti-
tions signed by George Batchelder, E. Tradewell,
and 310 citizens of Racine county, Territory of Wis-
consin, asking Congress for an appropriation for a
harbor at the town of Southport, m said Territory:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. OWEN: Memorial of Samuel M. Mit-
chell and 74 others, citizens of Posey county, Indi-
ana, asking a grant of the unsold lands in the Vin-
cennes land district, to complete the entire line of
canal between Lake Erie and the Ohio river, at Ev-
ansville.
By Mr. SLIDELL: Petition of C. W. Turner,
for refunding of foreign tonnage duties paid on ship
Alexandria, at New Orleans.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 12, 1844.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a report and resolu-
tions, adopted by the legislature of the State of
Maine, upon the subject of French spoliations prior
to the 30th of September, 1800, in which the " sen-
ators and representatives in Congress from that State
were requested to call the immediate attention of
both branches of Congress to the subject, and to use
all their influence to procure the passage of a law
making provision for those who suffered by the
French captures and spoliations aforesaid." After
being read,
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, most cheerfully, Mr.
President, do I comply with the request of the legis-
lature of Maine, in availing myself of this opportu-
nity to call the immediate attention of the Senate to
this highly important subject. This, I believe,
_ (said Mr. F.,) is the third legislature of Maine that
' has expressed favorable opinions of the justice of
these claims, and instructed the agents of the State
here to use their best efforts to procure the exami-
nation, allowance, and payment of them by Congress.
Among the claimants, also, are a considerable num-
ber of my own constituents; many of them per-
sonally kaown to me, some of them suffering alj
