CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M-
the evils of poverty, and all of them smarting under
a sense of injury and long-delayed reparation, at the
hands of their own government. Add to this my
own deep conviction "of the justice and equity of
these claims, and I trust (said Mr. F.) that I shall
be pardoned for detaining the Senate a moment
in offering a few suggestions in favor of the action
of Congress upon this subject now. And, in the
first place, I beg senators not to indulge a prejudice
against these claims because they are old. It is
true, they are old. The right (if any) which ac-
crued to these claimants from the release of their
claims upon Prance, by this government, accrued
more than forty years ago. But this, so far from
constituting a valid objection against them, under
all the circumstances, increases your obligation to
examine and allow them. For it will be observed
that the presentation of them is no now thought that
has just occured to the claimants. They are not now
for the first time awakened out of a sleep of forty
years. If it were so—if the petitioners had but just
made the discovery of the existence of their claims, I
admit that a presumption against them, and a strong
presumption might arise, from the lapse of time.
But, sir, this is not the case. On the contrary, with-
in ,a year, or thereabout, after the final ratification of
the treaty between this government and France,
which forms the basis of these claims, they were
presented to Congress, and reported upon by a com-
mittee of this body. From time to time, from that
Eeriod to the present moment, these claimants have
een demanding justice at your hands. Again:
though presented early, and constantly followed up,
yet if the claims had always, or even frequently, been
decided against, I admit, said Mr. F., that a pre-
sumption adverse to their soundness would naturally
arise from that circumstance. But the reverse of
this has been the case. Since April, 1802, eighteen
reports have been made upon them in both branches
of Congress; and out of the eighteen but four have
been adverse. Among the distinguished men mak-
ing these favorable reports may be reckoned Mr.
Giles, of Virginia, Mr. Livingston, of Louisiana,
and Mr. Holmes, of Maine. But what is most re-
markable, and I may "add what is most tantalizing to
the claimants, during all this period, 110 direct de-
cision, by vote, has been had in either branch of
Congress but once. In the session of 1834 and 1835,
a bill appropriating five millions of dollars for the
payment of these claims, was passed by the Senate.
With this exception, the claimants have had their
hopes raised by favorable reports, only to be dashed
to the ground again by a refusal, or rather by the
neglect of Congress to act. Now, is this right? Does
not our sense of justice revolt at it? Is it not due to
these claimants, that we say, and say at once,
whether we regard their claims as good or bad? This
constantly holding out a hope to them, and never
making a single advance towards fulfilling that
hope, is cruel in the extreme. I trust it will
be so no longer. I trust that Congress will
throw off this imputation under which it
rests, and proceed at once to the faithful ex-
amination of these claims, and to decide whether
they are well-founded or otherwise. "Lapse of
time," says one of the adverse reports, "has soften-
ed the features of the original grievance." How-
ever that may be with regard to the unlawful acts
of France, it surely is not so m regard to the action
of our own government. Lapse of time, instead of
softening, but tends to aggravate and give promi-
nence to the features of its injustice.
These suggestions, it will be perceived, are made
without respect to the merit of the claims. For,
even if their want of merit be admitted, the claim-
ants are nevertheless entitled to our decision. But
I am not disposed to close my remarks, if the Sen-
ate will pardon me, without adverting briefly to
ne ^the prominent features of the case, to show
.t, W equity and good conscience, these claims
some
that, ^ ,
should be paid. An elaborate discussion of the sub-
ject would not, probably, be in place now; nor is
such my design. My only object is to say enough
to put senators upon thinking of the matter, and to
induce the committee, if I may, to make an early
report.
And here permit me to say, sir, that I am not un-
aware of the fact that several distinguished members
of this body with whom I am proud to be political-
ly associated, and whose opinions on most subjects
1 hold in great reverence, have heretofore expressed
opinions unfavorable to these claims. And if, sir,
this was a political or party question, this circum-
stance would induce me to hesitate long before adopt-
ing a course differing from that of gentlemen of
such eminence and experience. But, sir, this is not
a political or party question. It is a case of con-
tract—a question of tneum and fount, not to be de-
cided by principles of expediency, but upon the
eternal principles of right and justice.
The origin of these claims, it is well known, was
in the illegal seizure and confiscation by France of
American vessels and cargoes, between the years
1793 and 1800- In regard 'to this there is no differ-
ence of opinion. All agree that the acts of France
were in violation of the laws of nations, and of ex-
press stipulations in treaties then subsisting. Be-
tween six and seven hundred vessels belonging to
American citizens, estimated to be worth some fif-
teen millions of dollars, were thus seized and confis-
cated—thereby causing the ruin of many a mercan-
tile house in this country, and carrying desolation
into many a household.
These aggressions very justly excited the indig-
nation of our government, and came nigh, in con-
nexion with matters of complaint on the part of
France, involving the two countries in war. No
complaint is made, or ever has been made against
our government, for not prosecuting our claims
against France with a vigorous spirit. Everything
was done that could reasonably have been expected
or desired. But is it right (as some gentlemen in-
sist) that all this should be charged to these claim-
ants? that all the efforts that were made, all the ex-
penditure of time and money, were for the private
interests of these individuals? Was there not, in
fact, a matter of infinitely higher moment involved—
I mean one affecting the national honor? Suppose
the merchants, whose ships had been swept from the
ocean, had made 110 complaint: is it to be supposed
that the government would have taken 110 measures
to have'avenged the insure to our national dignity?
to have demanded no redress for national injuries?
no reparation for broken laws and violated treaties?
But I pass on. The claims of our merchants
against France were admitted 011 all hands to be
good, and were pursued by our government with
commendable vigor up to the period of the negotia-
tion of the treaty of 30th September, 1800. Nor
am I (said Mr. F.) disposed to complain, even of
what was then done. If the government thought
that the good of the country required the relinquish-
ment of these claims to France, no one would ques-
tion its right to relinquish them, either with or
without a pecuniary compensation. The subject of
complaint is, that having thus relinquished them,
and tor a valuable consideration, enuring to the whole
country, the government refuses to make compen-
sation to the owners of the claims. The complaint
is for taking private property for public use, without
making compensation, m violation of the express
provision of the constitution, and, indeed, in viola-
tion of natural rights. This point, however, is dis-
puted; that is, that any valuable consideration was
received by the United States for the relinquishment
of these claims. In order, therefore, to determine
this point, let us (said Mr. F.) recur for a moment
to the then existing state of things.
By the commercial treaty between France and the
United States of February 6, 1778, the former claim-
ed certain exclusive privileges for her vessels in our
ports, which it was alleged she had been wrongfully
deprived of. She complained, also, of many other
wrongs committed on our partfunder this treaty and
the consular convention of 14th November, 1788.
By the treaty of alliance, also, of February 6, 1778,
there were certain reciprocal guaranties then sub-
sisting, and which France claimed to enforce. By
the 11th article of that treaty, "the two parties guar-
anty mutually, for the present and forever, against
all other powers, to wit: the United States to his
most Christian Majesty, the present possessions of the
crov:n of France in America, as well as those it may ac-
ini ire by the future treaty of peace; and his most
Christian Majesty guaranties to the United States
their liberty, sovereignty, and independence, abso-
lute and unlimited, as well in matters of govern-
ment as commerce; and also their possessions, and
the possessions and additions or conquests that their
confederation may obtain during the war, from any
of the dominions now or heretofore possessed by
Great Britain in North America, conformably to the
5th and 6th articles above written: the whole, as their
possession, shall be fixed and assured to said States
at the moment of the cessation of the present war
with England." The French possessions in Ameri-
ca, to which the guaranty on our part applied, were
some eight or ten islands in the West Indies. Here,
then, we see counter claims set up by France, not
against the citizens of the tPnited States whose
property had been seized, but against the -g
ernment of the Untied Stales. We also find- the
latter resting under onerous burdens, imposed
by the guaranties in the treaty of alliance, from
which, we may well conceive, it would be anxious
to be relieved. It is true, the government of
the United States had, by an act of Congress
passed July 7,1798, declared "thatthe United States
are of right freed and exonerated from the stipula-
sions of the treaties, and of the consular convention
heretofore concluded between the United States and
France; and that the same shall not henceforth be
regarded as legally obligatory on the government or
citizens of the United States." But may not the
validity and effectofthat act well be questioned?"Was
it in the power of this government thus to abrogate
the treaty? If it takes more than one to make a
bargain, does it not also take more than one to rescind
it' It certainly would be a very summary way of
getting rid of an obligation, to say the least of it,
for one, after having given his note of hand promising
to pay a sum of money, to declare "that he was of
right freed and exonerated from his promise, and
that henceforth it should not be regarded as obliga-
tory." Be the right and power, however, of the
United States in this respect what it may, this act of
annulment should have no effect in considering thia
question, inasmuch as the government never set it
up as a bar to the claims of France under the trea-
ties thus nominally abrogated. On the contrary, so
far from denying the" validity of the claims of France,
our ministers offered to pay five millions of francs
as compensation for failure 011 our part to fulfil the
stipulations in the 11th article of the treaty of alli-
ance, and three millions of francs for all other
claims. This was refused by the French ministers—
they demanding ten millions, instead offive,for claims
under the treaty of alliance.
By recurring to the correspondence between the
French ministers and the American envoys, it will
be perceived that (lie former, under date of August
11th, 1800, say:
"Thus the first proposition of the minister of
France is to stipulate a full and entire recognition of
treaties, and the reciprocal engagement of compen-
sation for damages resulting 011 both sides from their
infraction." If this is not accepted, they then
propose "the abolition of ancient treaties;" and, in
such case, "there would be no demand of compen-
sation."
I could quote largely (said Mr. F.) from the doc-
uments, if it were necessary, of similar matter, to show
that France had claims—admitted claims—against
the United States, and that onerous burdens were
resting on the latter, under the treaty of alliance,
from which they were desirous of being relieved.
This point being established, the next inquiry is,
were the United States, in point of fact, by the
treaty of 1800, released from all their liabilities and
obligations under the several treaties, before then
subsisting between them and France, in consideration
of a like relinquishment, on their part, of the claims
of American citizens for commercial spoliations?
And to establish this, it would only seem necessary
(said Mr. F.) to refer to the second article of the
treaty, and the subsequent action of the two govern-
ments when respectively ratifying the treaty. The
second article is as follows: "The ministers plenipo-
tentiary of the two powers not being able to agree,
at present, respecting the treaty of alliance of the
6th of February, 1778, the treaty of amity and com-
merce, of the same date, and the convention of the
14th of November, 1788; nor upon the indemnities
mutually due or claimed, the parties will negotiate
further upon these subjects at a convenient time; and un-
til they may have agreed upon these points, the said
treaties ana convention shall have no operation." _
The treaty (this article composing a part of it)
was ratified by the French government; and was
afterwards, by the President, submitted to this body
for ratification 011 our part. The Senate refused its
assent to this article, and struck it out, substituting
m its place the following: "It is agreed that the
present convention shall be in force for the term of
eight years from the time of the exchange of the
ratifications."
Thus ratified, it was returned again to France,
laid before the first consul, and by him again ratified,
but upon the following terms and conditions: "The
government of the United States having added to its
ratification that the convention should be in force
for eight years, and having omitted the second ar-
ticle, the government of the French republic con-
sents to accept, ratify, and confirm the above con-
vention with the addition, purporting thet the cog-
