Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—.Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
States, in 1819, (commonly known as the Florida
treaty,) is our next source of title.
By that treaty it was agreed, between the two
governments, that the latitude of 42° north should
be the boundary of their respective possessions on
the Pacific; Spain ceding and renouncing all claims
to the north of that line, and the United States ced-
ing and renouncing all to the south of it; 42° is
therefore the boundary between us and Mexico, and
we hold whatever right Mexico or Spain had north
of that parallel.
Whether this treaty is to be considered as a
treaty of cession, or the settlement of a boundary
between adjoining proprietors, is a serious question.
If our discovery and exploration of the Columbia
gave us a good title as against Spain, then we are
clear of all difficulty to the extent of that title. But
if we claim through the Spaniards, as first discover-
ers of the coast, as the senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] says we must, (to enable us to
reach the Russian boundary of 54° 40' north, neither
the treaty of Utrecht nor sources of the Columbia
going so far,) then comes in the question between
us and Great Britain.
In 1790, by the Nootka-sound convention, be-
tween Spain and Great Britain, it was agreed in
the 3d article that the subjects of the two powers
"shall not be disturbed or molested either in
navigating or carrying on their fisheries in the
Pacific ocean or in the South seas, or in landing on
the coasts of those seas in places not already occu-
pied, for the purpose of carrying on their commerce
with the natives of the country, or of making settle-
ments there; the whole subject, nevertheless, to the
restrictions specified in the three following articles."
(Then come the restrictions, which are irreconcila-
ble with the idea that Great Britain had title there
before.) Great Britain now contends, that when
we took that country by cession from Spain, in
1819, we took it subject to these joint rights of set-
tlement, sccured to her by the convention of Nootka
Sound of 1790, and she now only claims rights thus
far. Our answer is, that in 1796 Spain declared war
against Great Britain, which, on principles of na-
tional law, avoided the convention of 1790, and that
the same was never renewed. It is true that by the
treaty of Madrid, in 1814, it was agreed "that all
treaties of commerce" which existed between Spain
and Great Britain prior to 1796 should be "ratified
and confirmed;" but we insist that the convention
of 1790 was not a treaty of commerce; and that the
treaty of Madrid did not apply at all to the colonial
possessions of either party.
In this way, however, and through this Spanish
title, comes all our present difficulty with Great
Britain. She abandoned, in 1827, through her ne-
gotiators, (Messrs. Huskisson anil Adington,) any
exclusive right of occupancy. She had formerly
claimed, by discovery, through or by means of
Captains Drake and Cook and Meares, and
through other sources, (no two of her writers
being able to agree upon the exact source of her
right.) But in 1827 she was willing to hold m
common with us, leaving the ultimate question of
dominion and title "in abeyance." And back of this,
she ought not to be again peimitted to go. Her ne-
gotiators then declared that "the rights of Great
Britain are recorded and defined in the convention
of 1790;" that, "under that convention, valuable
British interests have grown up in those coun-
tries."
Now,.this being so, although she wishes to keep
the ultimate title "in abeyance," (a doctrine, by
the way, having no more foundation in national than
in municipal law,) she can hardly say hereafter
that her interests there have originated in any other
source than this Spanish title.
Under these circumstances, Great Britain claiming
through this Spanish title exclusively, it may well
be doubted whether we ought to put that title for-
ward, as the senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bu-
chanan] seems to think, as the title on which we
particularly rest our claim.
[Mr. Buchanan here said he did not say that we
should abandon our other sources of title.]
Mr. Dayton: I did not say that the senator did.
But he seemed to put this title forward as the prom-
inent title; when, if we be right in the legal princi-
ple that the discovery and exploration of the mouth
of the Columbia give us title to all drained by that
river and its sources, we have an indisputable title,
as against Great Britain, to all that is worth having,
outside of the title from Spain. The sources of the
Columbia, I again repeat, drain the country much
above latitude 49°, at which our negotiators in time
past have offered to fix the boundary, and which
offer has thus far been rejected by Great Britain.
Our last negotiations ended at this point; we of-
fered to concede to Great Britain all between 49° and
54° 40', the southern boundary of the Russian pos-
sessions. In other words, we offered to run our
north line a straight line west to the Pacific. Great
Britain refused this,but offered to|accept a straight line,
or latitude 40°, until it struck the sources of the Co-
umbia, west of the R cky mountains, thence down
that river to its mouth, in latitude 46° 58'—the naviga-
tion of the river to remain forever common to both
countries. Thus the matter now stands; on those
propositions the negotiators parted; and thereupon
entered into the convention of 1818, by which it
was agreed that the entire country west of the
Rocky mountains, its rivers, &c.,"be free and open,
for the term of ten years from the date of the signa-
ture of -the convention, to the vessels, citizens, and
subjects of the two powers," without prejudice to
the ultimate rights of either. Subsequently, and
before the termination of that convention, negotia-
tions were again renewed, but resulted in no settle-
ment of the question. Whereupon, the convention
of 1818 was, by a second convention between the
two countries in 1827, indefinitely extended and
continued in force." subject to be annulled on
twelve months' notice given by either party to the
other. This is a brief history of the question, and
the object of the resolution now under discussion is
to request the President to give the notice to annul
the convention. In addition, we are to take summary
and immediate possession of the country; this is
conceded by the friends of the resolution, and
therefore it is that the whole question is considered
together.
There is an obvious reason why I do not wish, in
open Senate, to discuss at length the British title.
But be it good or bad, can we say, after so much
and such long continued negotiations, after forming
at least two treaties, based upon and recognising
the difference of opinion, that the question is
so entirely clear of all doubt as to justify us
in taking the law into our own hands? If we
set up the Spanish title, can we say that Great
Britain has so clearly no joint right of settlement on
the coast, for trade or otherwise, as leaves not a
hook to liang a doubt upon? Unless we can say all
this with a safe conscience, we had best be cautious,
lest, in grabbing the entire territory, up even to 54°
40', we ostracise ourselves from the family of na-
tions. We commenced our national existence by
professing "a decent respect to the opinions of man-
kind;" and I trust that respect for public sentiment
has not diminished as our years have advanced.
The senator from Indiana [Mr. Hannegan] has
asked, why not assume possession of our own? He
says the Senate has heretofore voted that the coun-
try belongs to us; and what, therefore, is there to
negotiate about1 No doubt this is our opinion, and
that senator's opinion; but, unfortunately, the other
party does not agree with us.
[Mr. Hanneban here said, that he had only re-
peated what had been said about the title by the
senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Ciioate] and by
Mr. Clay.]
Mr. Dayton resumed: I do not recollect the re-
marks of the senator from Massachusetts, to which
allusion is made; but I do remember that Mr. Clay,
in one of his despatches, says he does not believe
that Great Britain can even show a color of title.
But it will be remembered that Great Britain is not
now claiming an exclusive title, but a right of joint
occupancy only, under the Nootka-sound conven-
tion. Besides, it might not be amiss to remember
that Mr. Clay represented one side of the question
only, as vve do; and that, when he made the above
declaration, he at the same time offered, as a com-
promise, to yield all above 49° to Great Britain in
her exclusive right; which compromise she refused
to accept.
But as it is my purpose to argue or enforce the
right of Great Britain, if she have any; my object,
only, is to show that we are too late, afterlong years
of negotiation, and at least two treaties, admitting
the difference of opinion, to assume the high ground
that her claims are so utterly worthless that we will
take the law into our own hands. Settlements and
valuable British interests have grown up in that
country,^ipon the faith of her claim, and we are
bound, upon international comity, to believe that she
at least thinks she has some rights there.
But my position is, that, upon principles of na-
tional law, the question of Oregon is the very ques-
tion, of all others, properly the subject of negotiation,
and even of arbitration, in preference to war. By
reference to those writers who treat upon this sub-
ject, it will be seen that a distinction is made be-
tween such rights as are denominated essential
rights; or, in other words, rights upon the mainten-
ance of which the safety and existence of a nation
depends, and such rights of inferior importance as
concern merely its interests. The latter are always
the proper subjects of negotiation and arbitration;
the former never. (Vattel, 279.) And the reason
of the distinction is obvious. Now, it can scarcely
be pretended that either the safety or existence of
this nation depend upon its possessing all or only
part of Oregon. It is therefore one of those ques-
tions upon which, should we refuse negotiation, and
assume an attitude of positive defiance, the senti-
ment of the civilized world would be against us.
The power of Great Britain, as 1 view the question,
is wholly aside the case. There is something more
to be dreaded than the physical power of all the na-
tions of the earth combined—it is the moral power
of public sentiment. The one could but waste our
substance and destroy our people; the other can take
away our good name.
But, Mr. President, aside from all considerations
of controverted right to the territory, there are
questions of policy to which we should turn our at-
tention; and in this view it is well to consider the ex-
tent and value of Oregon, and the effect of its im-
mediate settlement. And here I cannot but remark,
that never was there a country about which there
seems such diversity of opinion and contradiction
of representation. While one class represent it as
blooming in all the pristine sweetness of a virgin
Eden, a kind of earthy Elysium near the setting sun,
another, who would seem to be equally well in-
formed, describe it as one of the most and, dreary,
and miserable wastes of desolation that God ever
made. Of the former class we need hardly go be-
yond the printed spcech of the senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Semple,] the mover of the resolution under
discussion. He speaks of the country as "that de-
lightful country," and says that in a few years we
"will we see what is now a wilderness the most de-
lightful residence of man." And sundry others
speak of the country in the same way. On the
other hand, there is an abundance of authority for
its utter and superlative worthlessness as a whole.
And I trust I may be pardoned here for reading an
extract from a Western paper of recent date, repub-
lished in the National Intelligencer of this city. Here
it is:
What there is in the Territory of Oregon to tempt our
national cupidity, no one can tell. Of all the countries on
the face of this earth, it is one of the least favored of Heaven.
It is the mere riddlings of creation. It is almost as barren as
the desert of Africa, and quite as unhealthy as the Cam-
pania of Italy. To leave the fertile and salubrious lands on
this side of the Rocky mountains, and to go beyond their
snowy summits a thousand miles, to be exiled from law and
society, and to endeavor to extort food from the unwilling
sand heaps which are there called earth, is the maddest en-
terprise that ever deluded foolish man. We would not be
subjected to the innumerable and indiscribable tortures of a
journey to Oregon, for all the soil that its savage hunters
ever wandered over. The journey thither, from all ac-
counts, is horrible enough, but it 13 paradisean when con-
trasted with the wasting miseries which beset the wretched
emigrant when lie has leached the point where he fancied
his unutterable woes were to cease, but where he finds they
are to be increased beyond all endurance. Of the last party
of emigrants that left Missouri for Oregon, only eight died
of starvation beiore reaching Fort Hall, winch is but half
way to the country that is reckoned inhabitable by those
who are afficted w ith the Oregon mania.
All the writers and travellers agree in representing Ore-
con as a vast extent of mountains, and valleys of sand dotted
over with green and cultivable spots. This is the represent-
ation ffiven of it by Cox, Bonneville, Farnham, and Hinds.
Now, that sucli a wretched territory should excite the hopes
and the cupidity of citizens of the United States, inducing
them to leave comfoitable homes for its heaps of sand, is
indeed passing strange. Russia has her Siberia, and kng-
land has her Botany Bay; and if the United States should
ever need a country to which to hanish its rogues and
scoundrels, the utility of such a region as Oregon will be
demonstrated.
[Mr. Brkkse here inquired from what paper this
extract came?]
Mr. D\yton: From the Louisville Journal, a
paper" as lam informed, of high standing and ex-
tensive circulation in the West. I read the extract
without adopting its sentiments as to the character
of the country in the full extent; but this description
in a paper of the West, so widely circulated as the
Louisville Journal, is evidence to my mind that pub-
lic sentiment there m behalf of the settlement of
Oregon is not so universal as some gentlemen have
represented it. But, lest I may subject myself to
the same imputation cast upon the senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,] I desire here to dis-
claim any intent to burlesque the subject or feelings
