276
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong. ..1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
of. senators, who seem to be excessively sensitive
upon the point. With the permission, therefore,
of the Senate, I will call attention to another extract
of a graver tone, and from a paper above all excep-
tion, I read from the Christian Advocate of the 7th
of this month:
The 'West have land enough yet to settle and
improve at home. The population cannot be so crowded
for half a century to come as to be willing to incur
the horrors of war to acquire waste lands on the
other side of the globe, indeed, when we take into view
the inducements which must be offered to a people
circumstanced as the inhabitants of the western States
and Territories are, in order to induce them to emigrate,
«,nd compare them with what the Oregon Territory pre-
sents, we should be inclined to think the representation of
their feelings as having been made on very insufficient
grounds. We have some opportunity, from our position, to
form a correct estimate of the soil, climate, productions, and
facilities of the country from the Rocky mountains to the
Pacific Ocean, as we have had a large mission there for sev-
eral years, distributed in small parties over the territory;
and, from all we have learned, we should prefer migrating
to Botany Bay. With the exception of the lands on the
Wallamette, and strips along a lew of the smaller water-
courses, the whole country is among the most irreclaimable
barren wastes of which we have read, except the desert of
Sahara. Nor is this the worst of it. The climate is so un-
friendly to human life, that the native population has dwin-
dled away, under the ravages of its malaria, to a degree
which denes all history to furnish a parallel in so wide a
range of country; and the scattered remnants of the wander-
ing tribes of Indians who still remain exhibit a degree of de-
crepitude, loathsome disease, and moral degradation, which
is unknown among any other portion of our aborigines. So
entirely sunken and subdued are these wretched people,
and so rapid has been their decay, ,that they predict their
own annihilation from the "cold 'sickness," as they have
learned to call the ague, which is a prominent symptom of
the terrible malady which annually visits them in all their
•wanderings.
In addition to these descriptions of recent date, I
might refer to a speech by Mr. Bates of Missouri,
in the House of Representatives, in 1828. But he
there describes the country as so superlatively
"wretched, that I will not stop to read it. I refer to
the above as a specimen of what has been thought
and said by some in respect to this country, that is
to be "the most delightful residence of man."
I confess these descriptions are somewhat be-
low my estimate. I had thought it a poor country
as a whole, but not quite so poor as these ac-
thcntic accounts would make it. Yet these ac-
counts are, perhaps, substantially correct, as applied
to the country as a whole, though I have no doubt
there are some green spots, some strips along the
streams, which may be good, and even, perhaps,
rich, for agricultural purooses; and it is to these
spots that the glowing descriptions have been ap-
plied. But these spots of green are, X judge, but
sparse spots ever the general face of its desolation.
They are confided almost exclusively to that strip of
country bordering on the Pacific, and reaching back
to the first range of mountains—an average distance
of from 75 to 100 miles, at most. Prom this (the
first range from the sea) to the Blue mountains, it is
generally a steril, parched up region, though in
some small degree available for pasturage, &c. But
thence to the great Rocky ledge itself there stretches
a savage, lava-washed desert, unfit for the abode of
man. Judging from all the sources of authentic in-
formation to which I have had access, I should think
the territory, taken together, a very poor region for
agricultural purposes, and in that respect unworthy
of much consideration or contest at the hands of this
government.
Having fixed in our minds the general character
of this country, I will next inquire as to the effect
and consequence of its immediate settlement, sup-
posing it to belong to us.
To answer this, we must look at what is sought
by the advocates of the measure. It is admitted
that, in connexion with the passage of this resolu-
tion, we are to consider the settlement of the coun-
try. We have now bills upon our table organizing
a vast territorial government, stretching from our
present western border to the Pacific ocean. At the
same time, we are to established a line of military
posts, and guaranty to each settler, as before men-
tioned, 640 acres for himself, 160 for his wife, and
160 for each of his children. Were the country
worth having, children there would indeed be "the
poor man's blessing." The provisions of these
bills, which have been before us heretofore as well
as now, have perhaps aided somewhat the very
sanguine expectations of the West in reference to
this distant region. I can readily understand that
the expectant ownership in fee of 1,200 or 1,400
acres of land, wherever the settler may choose, in
Oregon, would be an irresistible stimulant to emigra-
tion in a border population; but nothing, I think,
wdl coroe up to what we have heard in the
two ends of this Capitol. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Semple] says: "I do' not think I am at all ex-
travagant, when I- suppose that ten thousand emi-
grants will go to Oregon next summer." To listen
to gentlemen on this captivating, almost entrancing
subject, one would think that the western bank of
the Union had suddenly given way, and that the
mighty sea of our population had burst out, broken
loose, and, mounting with crested billows the vast
walls of the Rocky mountains, was rushing through
every gap and chasm, and pouring down its resist-
less torrent towards the "western sea.
It is upon this data (furnished by the adversary,
and not by his own judgment, I am sure,) that the
senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choatb] has
waked up his exuberant imagination, conjured .into
being the long train of hardy agriculturists wending
their distant way "through'rocky pass, o'er wooded
steep," armed not with the deadly rifle to fight the
Indian, but with spades, and hoes, and shovels, to
dig or scrape sustentation, if they can, out of the In-
dian's territory; and twenty years is the limit named
for filling the whole land. Yes, the whole terri-
tory, in twenty years, is to be occupied, and reduced
to tillage and pasturage. By that time the country
is to be so full of fields, and meadows, and flocks,
and herds, that there will not remain unoccupied
enough of good, honest, seed-bearing earth, to fill a
flower-pot! It is strange what tricks fancy will
sometimes play upon the judgment, espesially where
it has a suppositious fact, as in this case, to build
upon.
But, sir, in this grand spread of civilization, this
scheme of taking summary possession of this mod-
ern El Dorado, there seems to have been one small
item totally forgotten—omitted altogether; and that
is, the presence, as appears by the report of the
Commissioner of Indian affars, of 25th November,
1841, of 342,000 Indians, now West, and to be re-
moved west of our border. Their power, or their
rights, (which you please,) have been quite over-
looked in this plan of operations. Nobody has
even thought it worth their while in this debate to
mention them. We have heard much of American
rights and British rights, but nothing of the rights or
the Indian occupant. They are already lost to the
eye, swallowed up in the coming flood. Sir, this
ought not be. When the richly laden waters of the
Nile flood all the land, it is but for a time; their er-
rand of mercy done, they return to their wanted
channel, while fresh sprung vegetation and beauty
almost chase them back in their course. Such should
be the gentle spead of civilization and Christianity
over the face of a savage wild. But here nothing
seems to be thought about, nothing certainly talked
about, but taking possession of their territory; and
cool calculations are made, to determine exactly how
long it will take to seize upon and occupy it all.
Western gentlemen tell us that our population is
destined to fill up, before many years, the entire in-
habitable space from the Atlantic to the Pacific;
that the bill organizing this vast territorial gov-
ernment, reaching from the borders of Missouri
westward, to the sea, is in anticipation of that event.
I am unwilling to take any step initiatory to this
state of things. It is neither the act of wisdom nor
justice to precipitate it. Nor, indeed, do I believe
ih this speedy fulfilment of the prophecy. It has
been more than twenty years since Missouri came
into the Union as a State. Yet the western bound-
ary of Missouri is at this day the western boundary
of our Union. The ratio of the increase of our
population will necessarily diminish as our years
advance. Time may perhaps people, and I believe
it will, every inhabitable spot of the vast region on
this side and on that side the Rocky mountains; but
before then the American Union, if in being at all,
will be hoary with age.
But let us supppose, sir, that I err in this; that all
these daydreams of the future are to be realized: the
question recurs as to its effect.
I have no wish to give an undue importance to
the wandering tribes of Indians who are scattered
over that territory, but their existence and char-
acter ought not in this connexion to be overlooked.
The native tribes are still there, of a race proverbial-
ly fierce, cruel, and irreclaimable. They have
scarcely advanced, if at all, beyond the savage state;
they have not yet reached the pastoral, the next ad-
vance towards civilization. Mounted on the fleet
horses of their prairips, they rove in untamed Ifortles,
hanging on the skirts of the buffalo herds in their
various migrations—plunder, present sustenance,
and war, seeming the sole objects of their lives.
American philanthropy has taken to itself "the wings
of the morning, and dwelt in the uttermost parts of
the sea;" it has expended itself in Asia and Africa;
has carried the Bible to Hindostan, Ceylon, the
Sandwich Islands, and every other of the islands of
the sea; but it seems almost to have forgotton the
heathen at home—the savage of the American prairie
and the western wildernesa. These still remain fierce,
warlike, and unreclaimed. They are mixed up with
cross breeds,coming of the ends and fragments 6f tribes
extinct, thrust by us over our western border. A.nd
with these, again, are mixed up a mongrel species
of hunter, trapper, and Indian, the whole inter-
spersed with desperadoes and fugitives from all
contiguous regions, the outcasts of civilized society.
Thus is our western border belted around by an ad-
mixture of savage blood, a thousand miles and
more in width. Were it wide waters, we could
pass over them; were it rugged mountains, we could
tame them; but the heart and passions of savage
man are more inaccessible than they.
I know it will be said that this advance of civili-
zation—this grand system of taking possession—
will be the very means of humanizing the savage—
of converting and christianizing him; that he, too,
will then become, like ourselves, a settler on the soil.
Sir, it is a pretext only—a salve for the conscience.
We cannot forget, if we would, the difference be-
tween the soft and sunny natives of the south and
of the Pacific, islands, and the hardy, roving, in •
domitable, untamable, Cumanche savage. The
two beings are as unlike as peace and war. We
have had access to such tribes east of the Mississippi
for two hundred years; and what have we done?
What impression have we made upon them? How
many have been won from the chase and the toma-
hawk, and converted into peaceful tillers of the soil?
There they are still, just as we found them. _ They
have perished by thousands, but they have died un-
changed. And thus will it be, until generations yet
to come shall rise and pass away. Our Indian poli-
cy should be moulded by our experience of the
past, rather than our hopes of the future.
In this connexion, too, I desire to call attention to
another of our fundamental principles of action
which bears upon this question—a principle wor-
thy of serious thought. I mean that rule of Anglo-
Saxon individuality, upon which this government
has acted from'the beginning. Unlike the other great
settlers of this continent, we have refused all admix-
ture. While the Frenchman and Spaniard have
crossed with the natives in a thousand ways, the
Anglo-Saxons, as a people, remain Anglo-Saxon
still—proud, peculiar, non-amalgamating. In their
advance have gone the scattered hunter and trapper;
but the great body has ever kept itself in phalanx
form, ever moving back upon, but never mingling
with the native. He has retired or withered away
before it. And even where portions and remnants
of these tribes have lost their savage character, have
been hemmed in and surrounded by white settlers,
assimilated themselves in some degree to our own
pursuits and habits, fixed themselves on their farms,
with many of the comforts of civilization around
them, the same inflexible rule of policy has still pre-
vailed. Instead of amalgamating, we have ejected
them.—cast them out, as unfit inmates for the bosom
of civilized society. This is the policy of the gov-
ernment at this very day and hour. The Wyandots
of Ohio, the Senecas of New York, the Miamies of
Indiana, are now in the course of removal west of
the Mississippi. The Anglo-Saxons remain true to
their original principle of action. Now, then, if our
population is to fill all this vast territory, to stretch
from sea to sea, every green spot to be seized upon,
every oasis in the desert turned into a garden, it is
no sickly sensibility in behalf of the "poor Indian"
which prompts the inquiry, what is to become of
hitn' You refuse all admixture, while at the same
time you propose a system of pressure upon
the extremes, the gradual approximation of which
is to fill, we are told, at no distant day, the valuable
parts of their entire territory. Let me appeal
m their behalf to the magnanimity of my country-
men. Let me beg that they be not permitted to
perish. We have, in respect to that people, a
solemn duty to perform, and for its performance the
nations of the earth and the God of Heaven will
hold us answerable. Civilize and christianize them
if you can; but do not, while refusing all admix-
ture. press them to death in this space between.
Let this interval in civilization remain, at least for gen-
erations to come, as a home to this people. We can
push them no further. They are hemmed in by the
ocean on one side, and the advancing army of civ-
ilized wan upon the other. We cannot throw them
