Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'§77
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
on the territory of Russia on the north, or of
Mexico on the south. They must remain where
they are, and have space there, commensurate with
their wants and their habits. Their country must
not be the seven hundred miles of barren desert this
side of the mountains, nor that wild lava-washed
region next beyond. They need a country rich in
grasses, abounding in game, forests for fuel, and
waters, too, which teem with life. In a word, the
savage must have exactly that kind of country
which civilized man loves to inhabit.
Aside, too, from those considerations which ap-
peal to humanity, there is a consideration growing
out of the law and right of the case. We want the
common plea (nay, the only plea) which writers on
national law hold a justification for trespassing upon
the soil of a savage people. We .cannot say that
we are crowded, and that they are occupying so
large a proportion of the common inheritance that
we cannot live in comfort—that our population has
not ample space. We have space enough, and to
spare. We have millions on millions of acres, the
richest under heaven, yet untouched. The effort—
the wish for more, at the expense of the
dians—is wanton extravagance.
While, therefore, gentlemen denounce British r -
pacity in terms somewhat unmeasured, it would not
be amiss to rember that there may be two sides to
this question of rapacity. British rapacity, if such
it must be called, is rapacity for trade only. She
outbids us for furs, and undersells us in blankets—.
no wrong, at least to the Indian. Our rapacity, if
exercised at all, is of a higher degree and more of-
fensive character. It would be against the feeble
and helpless. There arc two sides, therefore, to
this question; and I submit that a just regard to our
national character requires that we do not forget'it.
But, Mr. President, aside from all questions of
this kind, the principal one remains. How will the
speedy settlement of Oregon affect us? In my
judgment, it must be injuriously. The interests of
the nation, the dictates of a sound, far-seeing policy,
are against it. To dccide this question, it is neces-
sary to fix what is to be the real character of this
distant settement. Is Oregon to be first a territory,
and then one of the States of the Union? Or must
it ever remain a distinct government, colonial in
its character? The friends of the measure say the
former, of course; and they even now have the bill
on our tables organizing a vast territorial govern-
ment. Now, sir, the history of the past may justify
almost any extravagant expectation for the future;
but the admission of Oregon as a State of this
Union seems to me as undesirable on the one hand
as it is improbable on the other. Undesirable, be-
cause, by the aid of the representative principle, we
have already spread ourselves to a vast, an almost
unwieldy, extent. I have no faith in the unlimited
extension of this government by the aid of that
principle. The arch has just so much strength
at its centre, and no more. There is just so much
power in the constitution—the cement which holds
it together. Every extension of the span is likely
to weaken the centre, and hazard the safety of
the key stone. The truth and force of the argu-
ment is obvious at the first glance. The senator
from Missouri [Mr. Atchison) has said it is noth-
ing but a pretext to avoid a war. But did he an-
swer the argument? No; after denouncing, he left it
unanswered. It was the wisest course. No an-
swer can be given. Every man must see that the
inevitable consequence of increasing the number of
States (more especially if distant, and with peculiar
interests) must increase the number and amount of
conflicting interests. Upon the admission of the
very State which that (senator represents, this coun-
try was shaken as if by an earthquake. We have
already conflicting interests, more than enough; and
God forbid that the time shall ever come when a
State on the banks of the Pacific, with its interests
and tendencies of trade all looking towards the Asi-
atic nations of the East, shall add its jarring claims
to Our already distracted and oveidurdened confede-
racy.
Hut it is not only, in my judgment, undesirable,
but improbable. Distance, and the character of the
intervening country, are natural obstacles, forbid-
ding the idea. By water, the distance around Cape
Horn is said to be about 18,000 miles. By land the
distance by the only line of travel is about 5,000 miles
from this spot to Fort Vancouver, in the valley of the
Wallamatte! We are much nearer, then, to the re-
mote nations of Europe than to Oregon. And when
considered ill lefeience to the facilities of communi-
cation, Europe is in comparison our next-door ,
neighbor. And this state of things musk continue,
unless some new agent of intercommunication shall
cast up. The power of steam has ,beon suggested.
Talk of steam communication—a railroad to the
mouth of the Columbia? Why, look at the cost
and bankrupt condition of railroads proceeding al-
most from your Capitol, traversing your great
thoroughfares. A railroad across 2,500 miles of
prairie, of desert, and of mountains ! The smoke
of an engine through those terrible fissures of that
great rocky ledge, where the smoke of a volcano
only has rolled before ! Who is to make this vast
internal, or rather external, improvement' The State
of Oregon, or the United States' Whencc is to come
the power? Who supply the means? , "The mines
of Mexico and Peru disembowelled would scarcely
pay a penny in the pound of the cost." Nothing
short of lamp of Aladdin will suffice for such an
expenditure. The extravagance of the suggestion
seems to me to outrun everything which we know
of modem visionary scheming. The South Sea
bubble, the Dutchman's speculation in tulip roots,
our own in the town lots and multicaulis, are all
common place plodding in comparison. But the
suggestion seems to me properly part and parcel of
this great inflated whole. Viewing this subject
practically, we must see that no such communica-
tion can ever be made. "It won't pay!" At least
700 or 800 miles of this land travel must ever re-
main as it now is, rugged mountain and barren de-
sert—a great American Sahara—and all the vol-
canic piles beyond! I do not mean to say that they
may not be passed; but I do say they are obstacles
which, in my opinion, forbid that convenient acces-
sibility necessary to the intercourse of all that be-
come States of this Union.
The plan of a State being laid out of view, the
other alternative remains. By extravagant induce-
ments, we may tempt our people to emigrate, and
thus plant a colony in Oregon. A colony, cui
bono ? How will that affect us, the mother
country? Ay, the mother country! How it sounds!
Have nations, too, a yearning for progeny' This
is to be our firstborn. The gradual spread of
our western border has been but the development
of the system. Now, for the first time, we are to
s*>e the product of our procreatjve energy. And is
there anything like a mother's love looking for the
event? Has this, our future bantling, a fountain in
our affections, from which it may "hope to draw
nourishment and life? Alas, sir, no such softening
sentiment connects itself with "the mother country."
Distant colonies are born, not of a nation's love, but
of her lusts. They are the ill-fated victims of her
rapacity and oppression. And it is rare, indeed, that
the unnatural mother does not receive her just rec-
ompense. She finds her offspring, thus cast from
her bosom, worthless, wayward, and disobedient,
vexing her with constant cares and expenditures,
and yielding little in return, save a loosely-acknowl-
edged supremacy.
For the truth of this representation, I appeal to all
the history of the past. And, when thus about to
commence our system of colonization, it would be
well that we stay for a moment, and gather wisdom
from the experience of other nations. Take but a
single illustration—the history of British coloniza-
tion. She has colonized more extensively, and un-
der more favorable circumstances, than any other
nation. Indeed, her insular position compels her
to colonize, or at least to throw off her surplus popu-
lation. Yet many of her ablest statists deny that
she has ever been profited a dollar, beyond the gen-
eral benefit common to mankind, in the increased
population of the earth. And while others of her
writers differ in opinion from these, all agree
that, to justify colonization, the population of
the mother country must be crowded, or her
stock so large as to bring no adequate return.
Under such circumstances, colonization may be an
outlet to capital and population. Under such cir-
cumstances, Great Britain, a commercial and manu-
facturing people, has largely colonized, or, in the
language of another, "she has dotted the surface of
the earth with her settlements and her military
posts." And yet, under all these, the most favora-
ble circumstances, McCulloch, Dr. Smith, and oth-
ers, deny the utility and policy of her system of
colonization. She draws not a dollar of revenue
from a single source outside of the United Kingdom,
unless it be indirectly, by securing to her a coloni-
al market; and this is quite counterbalanced, it is
said, by her necessary expenditure in their behalf,
together with the discriminating duties at home in
favor of colonial production. Since the disastrous j
attempt, in the reign of George III, to raise revenue
from the American colonies, they have renounced
all attempts to tax their colonies for any thing save
their own internal government and police. With
the exception of British India, she does not raise
enough from a single one of her vast possessions to
pay for its own government and protection. In the
years 1833 and 1834, her direct expenditure, on ac-
count of her colonies, over and above all receipts,
was about §11,000,000. Even her extended empire
in the Camatic, governed as it has been with a wis- /
dom unknown in the history of colonial posses-
sions, has not, through a space of twenty-four years
prior to 1835, (if I rightly understand her statistics,)
realized in revenue a sum commensurate with her
charges.
In addition to this, her distant colonies have been
never-failing sources of trouble to her. They are so
many jutting out points, where she is in constant
danger of collision with other nations. Her wars
of recent date, Dr. Smith, in his "Wealth of Na-
tions," tells us, have been generally of colonial ori-
gin. That with Spain in 1739; that with France in
1756; our own revolution, in 1776, costing her so
much blood and treasure—all grew out of her dis-
tant colonial possessions. "In fact," says McCul-
loch, (in his statistical account of the British em-
pire,) "nothing can be a greater mistake than to sup-
pose, as many have done, that we are mainly in-
debted for our wealth, and the high place we occu-
py among the nations of the earth, to our colonial
possessions. We owe these distinctions to the fa-
vorable situation and physical capacities of our na-
tive country," &c. "The truth is," says he, "we
have derived ten times more advantage from our
intercourse with the United States, since they
achieved their independence, than we derived from
them while we had a governor in every State, or
than we have derived from all our other colonies
put together. And this advantage has not been ac-
companied with any drawbacks. We have not been
obliged to purchase the Umber and other commodi-
ties of the United States, when we might supply
ourselves better elsewhere; and we have not been
obliged to keep up armaments for their protection,
or to encumber ourselves with the government of
extensive countries on the other side of the Atlan-
tic." I know, sir, there has been diversity of opin-
ion on these questions, among British writers; but if
the value of distant settlements be a question of even
doubt with her, how could it be so with us? We
have no surplus capital, no surplus population. We
are hot, in our leading characteristics, a manufac-
turing or commercial people, out of which colonies
naturally spring. The basis of our industry and
wealth is, and in view of our immense territories
must continue to be, agricultural. We must
dig our riches out of the earth. Manufactures and
commerce, though valuable, are merely auxil-
iary. A colony in Oregon would have the same
characteristics; it would, like ourselves, be agricultu-
ral; it would not be a place where we could send our
breadstuffs, our salted provisions, our cotton, or
other products. And as an outlet for manufactures
we do not want it. Our only ambition is to engross
•that market at home, as a means of protection to
our industry and independence of foreign countries.
The only effect, therefore, of this distant settlement
will be, first, to draw off capital and population; se-
cond, and worst of all, to ^separate a people, already
sparse, into distant settlements, and thereby weaken
the united strength of the body.
The greatest captain of the age has said that the
secret of military success was concentration; and the
greatest banker of the age has said the same thing
of money. The world has felt the power of those
Rothschild brothers, because only their strength was
united and concentrated. A single stick might have
been broken, but the united bundle was a match for
the world. What is true of a family of men, is em-
phatically true of a family of States. Their power
lay in the ability to concentrate upon an emergency;
the ready "Facility to attack or repel attack. Where
the power is divided, split up into distant and bare-
ly accessible points, weakness and distraction pre-
vail, when an emergency comes, calling for unity
and strength.
But there is something strangely inconsistent in
this plan of legislation, when viewed in reference to
our general system. The nations of the old world,
who send out their population to people the earth,
ask no return population to fill the space made va-
cant at home. They receive their advantage in tha
thinning out of their too prolific growth. Our system
is directly the reverse of all this. Through the e$->
