Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
tune to hear it. An argument based on the infamy
of giving up the territory, through fear or for any
other cause, seems to me at this juncture aside the
question. This is not the issue in debate.
The point of honor at issue is here. It has been said
that the further continuance of the convention which
authorizes a joint occupation of the territory is dis-
creditable to the country; that an end ought at once
to be put to it. This is the issue, the only issue
which can be made on the national honor. Is the
further continuance of this convention discreditable
to our national character? If so, it should be ended
in an hour; if not so, the honor or glory of the coun-
try is not in issue. On that point the whole question
turns.
Now, sir, if this convention or treaty be of a
character so discreditable that we cannot, even un-
der the special circumstances now existing, continue
it longer, its original inception must have been in-
famous. Our rights to the country are now as-
suredly no better than they were then; the suspense
and delay have not added to their strength. What,
then, are we to think of those who first admitted
-the doubt? Who was it who hung up a question so
clear by this long delay' Who first placed this
brand of shame upon the country? Who have left
it burning there for a quarter of a century? Sir, it
was the West—the entire West—not a vote was
wanting on the ratification of that treaty; the seal of
infamy was stamped upon us by the unanimous
vote of the American Senate!
And here let me do justice to the senior senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] He was not at that
time a member of this body. The ratification was
in 1818; he took his seat here in 1820. Soon after
I find him advocating the armed occupation of Ore-
gon, and in this course he has been consistent ever
since. In 1825, he made an able and elaborate ar-
gument, covering the whole case. The matter be-
ing thus fully understood, a test vote was taken on
a motion to lay the bill upon the table. It was car-
ried by a vote of 25 to 14. And here I wish one
thing marked, and remembered. The senator from
Missouri [Mr. Atchison] says that, in 1827, when
Mr. Clay, then Secretary of State, offered to
compromise by giving up to Great Britain all
north of 49°, it was through fear of a war.
Why was it, let me ask, that, upon the vote
above referred to, Mr. Van Buren, then a mem-
ber of this body, voted to lay the bill upon the
table; or, in other words, against the occupation
tion of Oregon? Was that, too, through fear? Per-
haps, under all the ciicumstances, it is as well to
mark that vote, to give to this distinguished gentle-
man all the capital that may grow out of this illy
advised discussion. Things continued in this state
until 1S28, when the convention now under discus-
sion, extending that of 1818 indefinitely, and the
continuance of which is so discreditable to the coun-
try, was sent to this body for ratification. It was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and by the chairman, Mr. Macon, (mark that
name,) reported buck to the Senate without amend-
ment, and ratified by a vote of 31 to 7. Some of the
political friends of the gentlemen—their leading
members in this body, Toted for the ratification of
this discreditable convention, and are yet here to
answer for it. And with them voted a large majori-
ty of the entire West. Among this number was
Mr. Barton, of Missouri, both the then senators
from Indiana, [Messrs. Noble and Hendricks,]
whose present legislature, as well as whose present
senators, now breathe so warlike a spirit. That
distinguished gentleman, whose vote in 1825 I have
before referred to, seems unfortunately, at this vote, to
have been "among the missing." But this conven-
tion, the continuance of which is so shameful and
humiliating, was ratified by a large majority of the
ultra-montane representatives. It thus has the
stamp of the West upon it; ay, "burned into it."
But this is not all. Immediately after this second
ratification in 1828, General Jackson came into
power—a western man, knowing all about
it. Having a large majority of his political
friends in both Houses of Congress, he could
have dissolved this disgraceful convention any
hour; but did he do it' No; and yet I believe he
was not exactly dead to a sense of national
honor or shame, nor was he a very great cow-
ard ! He (at least I hope it may be conceded) was
not afraid of Great Britain. Yet, through all his
time, this convention continued quietly resting in the
Department of State; and so, too, it rested through
all the time of Mr. Van Buren, without a complaint
pf disgrace ov dishonor, or « word abeut dissolving
it, either upon his part, or the part of his friends.
Through at least twelve long yeans, with the power
in their hands, they have slept in peace in their
shame; and never, until the third year of the reign
of John Tyler, has it been discovered that the con-
tinuance of this convention is so utterly discredita-
ble that it must be expunged at a stroke; and that,
too, while a friendly mission from the opposite party
is knocking at our door! All that we ask of gentle-
men is, that they will permit1 this convention to
stand now as it has stood for twenty-six years. If
our honor have kept without taint all that time, it
surely will not get fly-blown during the brief time of
a negotiation.
But if there be no dishonor m permitting things
to remain as they are, until some new arrangement
is made, is there anything discreditable in the act of
negotiating upon the subject' Or is the title to the
country so indisputably clear, as the senator con-
tends, that there is nothing to negotiate about' or
that a willingness to negotiate should be matter of
reproach? If so, how comes it that a course of con-
tinuous negotiation has existed for upwards of twen-
ty-six years? How comes it that the ablest negoti-
ators of both countries could never agree? that at
least two solemn treaties have been formed, recog-
nising this difference of opinion, and declaring It
an open question' What is it that has just now,
on a sudden, brought "light out of darknes,"
made this old perplexing question so clear to sen-
ators, to the West, to the whole world, that we must
at once seize the territory, "forti manit," or be for-
ever disgraced as cowards? I have seen nothing
which was not equally well known in 1818. I call
upon senators to say what are the new lights which
thus brighten their path? If there be none, are not
the names of those distinguished men, Gallatin,
Bayard, Clay, Adams, and their compeers, who
have, through long years, negotiated and ratified
these treaties, vouchers to the country that the act
of negotiation about the territory now involves no
dishonor?
But, then, another objection has been made to
negotiation. It is said that Great Britain has ex-
tended her empire as much by her diplomacy as by
her arms. And we have had an array of her Pitts,
her Castlcreaghs, and Walpoles, on one side, and
her Wellingtons, Marlboroughs, and Nelsons, on
the other. Now, all this is very eloquent, but it
amounts to this only: that if we go to negotiating
Great Britain will get the best of it. She will in
some way assuredly outwit us, and get the country.
Well, sir, that is the least of my fears; if there be
any thing this country is held to be sharp at, it is
at a bargain. We have some.little reputation in that
way. ft has been held that we may be whipped;
but when it comes to a bargain, all the world seems
to yield us the palm. All that Great Britain can get
out of us that way, I rather think she will be fairly
entitled to. The truth is, that all questions of na-
tional honor being out of the way, and looking
cooly at the. facts as they are, it does present, in my
view, the smallest question of doubt on which so
much eloquence has ever been wasted.
And yet to such a state of feverish heat have the sen-
ators from Missouri and Indiana excited themselves,
that they have each balanced the loss of any part of
Oregon against the value of the Union. The former
[Mr. Atchison] declares that, rather than yield it
up, he would see this confederacy all sunk together.
The latter [Mr. Hannegan] says, he would first
embrace the Utopia of three confederacies, suggested
by the senator from South Carolina, [Mr. McDuf-
fie,] and these startling declarations are made, too,
in the face, and with full knowledge that this gov-
ernment has offered to compromise, by yielding up
all between the parallels of 49° and 54° 40'.
[Mr. Hannegan rose to explain; and the floor
being yielded, he admitted that he had so said; but
his remarks applied to yielding up the territory, or
any part of it, through fear of a war, or to a forcible
surrender, against our will, &c.]
Mr. Dayton. That merely brings us back to the
starting-place; because the senator's argument on
this point was exclusively in reference to negotiating
about the territory; and who is to know, if part of it
were given up by negotiation, or equivalents accept-
ed, whether it was done against our will, and
through fear of a war.
Trusting that there is some misunderstanding as
to the views of the two senators upon this point, I
leave it without further remark.
But, before finally leaving the question of na-
tional honor, permit me to say a word in defence of
the senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choatk. J His
blessed opportunities of patriotic inspiration are
such, that the senator from Indiana is sure that,
under the same circumstances, he would not be
afraid of the British. And likawise a word in de-
fence of myself, who have almost equal - opportu-
nities of drinking inspiration from like holy foun-
tains. If there be, as the senatQr. contends, no
apology for him who lives and moves among the
scenes of the glorious revolutionary memories of
Masachusetts, there is, if possible, less excuse still
for the forgetfulness of one whose youth was spent
upon the heights of Princeton, the home of whose
manhood was within sight ef the field of Monmouth,
and whose only domicil is now upon -one of the
streets of Trenton.
Permit me, therefore, to assure senators that it is
not that we differ from them much in our estimate
of the value of national honor, but that the differ-
ence rather consists in the question, whether it is or
is not involved in this project of seizing upon Ore-
gon. I think that, without any excess of vanity, I
may say that both he [Mr. Choate] and I repre-
sent a constituency who, in times past, have done
their duty reasonably well; and, should the time
ever come when the honor or interests of this coun-
try are really at stake, they will, without preliminary
bluster, do it again. Ay, sirs, hand and heart to
that!
But, sir, there is another matter which has been
dragged into this debate, in season and out of season;
and I am constrained to notice it. It is assumed by
certain senators that the recent negotiation of the
northeastern boundary was unfortunate, if not a
fraud upon the country; and this is made an excuse
for not trusting our western boundary to negotia-
tion. Here, again, they are begging the question.
Who says that negotiation was unfortunate? Is it
Maine, New Hampshire, or Massachusetts—States
immediately interested? No. Is it the East, in
whole or in part' No. Is it the American Senate,
who represent the entire people? No. Who then?
Sir, it is a lean minority of nine, out of forty-eight
senators voting, who thus assume to characterize
the treaty of Washington. Ay, sir, and to charac-
terize this treaty, and all connected with it, in terms
scarcely in keeping with that correct taste which
usually distinguishes their language in this body.
The senior senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
has told us that, in that treaty, this country "cower-
ed like the hen partridge when the hawk is in tha
heavens;" but, says he, "we have no trembling
hearts in the West; we quail not before savage or
Briton."
Sir, I speak not of the objectionable character of
this language, as applied to senators who voted for
that treaty; but I appeal to the world against the
justice of this imputation, as applied to the South,
to the East. Has the time come when New Eng-
land can be taunted with sacrificing herself to her
fears? Sir the history of the past must first be
forgotten. Pigmies, like Black Hawk and Osceola,
must have taken place in that niche where Philip
and Uncas stood before! And even then, can it be
forgotten that the first, the freest blood of the revolu-
tion, was the blood of New England? That, a little
later, it was the sailors of Nantucket and Marble-
heud who wrote those immortal words upon the
walls of Tripoli—"Millions for defence, not a cent
for tribute?" And that, later still, when your flag
was insulted, and your seamen impressed, it was
they who manned your fleets; it was they who up-
held the freedom of the seas? Sir, the sun never
shone upon a people less likely to take counsel of
their fears than the people of New England. They
have borne the brunt of your battles on land and sea,
never shrinking, never quailing—asking only that
your cause be such that they may invoke, as is theiu
wont, the ever-living God to its aid!
And this is the people who are taunted as derelict
to honor, surrendering their interests to their fears!
who will listen to the tale?
But more, sir. Who are to fight that battle for
Oregon, which western men so freely brave? That
self-same people. That battle must be fought upon
"The sea—the sea—the open sea!"
The banks of Newfoundland, the whaleries of the
Pacific, the merchantmen of every zone and sea,
will yield up the muscle and blood of New England
to fill your quarter decks. Ah, but gentlemen say,
the West will furnish its quota—that the bloodiest
battles of the late war were on its frontier. But. do
they suppose that a war with England now is to be
another like, to that struggle? At a time when this
nation was but half grown; when England oaroe into
