CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
■ clause authorizing the legislatures to prescribe the
f times, places, and manner of holding elections for sen-
ators and members of the House, but consider them
as read, and bringing to view the powers under
-which the States, in obedience to the commands of
the constitution, have made their regulations for
electing their representatives for 50 years past. Con-
gress, then, passed the apportionment'law of the last
session; and what did they enact in it? Did they
undertake to enact a system under which the people
of these States could exercise the right of suffrage?
They did not. He could imagine one reason why
Congress did not think proper to legislate to the full
extent prescribed in that clause. Had they done
so, there would have been a nesessity to appoint, in
all the towns, villages, and counties of the country, a
set of officers to hold and conduct the elections, to
which course clear and valid objections existed. He
supposed, therefore, that the makers of the law were
not willing to carry out the whole extent of the
powers in that clause of the constitution. Still the
question remained, what alteration had Congress
made in the regulations of the States by the second sec-
tion of the apportionment law? Had they, in fact,
made any such alteration as was contemplated by
the constitution, or such as could be executed by the
people? He would examine that question. The
constitution provided that Congress may, by law,
make or alter such regulations as the legislatures of
the States may have made, prescribing the times,
places, and manner of holding their elections. Then
the question came up, was this second section, which
is claimed to have abolished the general-ticket system
of the States, a law? If it was a law, the general-
ticket system was abolished—he would not say re-
pealed, for the anomaly has never yet been present-
ed in history, of one government repealing the laws
of another. But to proceed: if Congress has sus-
pended or superseded the general-ticket system, it
could only be done bylaw, as stated in the constitu-
tion; and the question remained, was this second sec-
tion a law? He confessed it was hard to prove a
negative, but as far as a negative could be proved,
he desired to make the effort to do it; in other
words, to prove that this was not a law in the mean-
ing of the constitution of the United States. Sir,
(said Mr. F.,) there is a learned profession, called (if
you please) the legal profession; and when a stu-
dent enters upon the study of it, there is what
may be termed a legal alphabet for him to learn;
and the first question of it—the letter A—is "what is
law?" What was the answer given by the ele-
mentary writers? Certain distinguished legal gen-
tlemen, such as Sir William Blackstone, and others,
had defined it for them. Law, in the language of
Blackstone, in its most comprehensive sense, was
a rule of action. The regular return of the different
seasons of the year, spring, summer, autumn, and
winter, was one of the great laws of nature prescribed
by the Deity for the comfort and sustenance of man-
The sun, which imparted life and heat to our plane-
tary system, was the result of another great rule of
action prescribed by the Deity for the support of his
creatures. Now, if this second section was brought
up to this standard, what was it? Gentlemen said
it was a rule of law; but that was not enough. It
must be a rule of action; and he asked if any act
could be had under it' Could you (he asked) put the
right of suffrage in motion by it? Could you enable the
people of the States to hold their elections for members
to represent them in Congress? It was nothing but
a mere congressional proposition; or, if gentlemen
pleased, nothing but a rule. But, to descend from
the laws of nature to which he had just adverted,
let us (said he) come down to human laws, or, as
they arc called, municipal laws—the second lesson
which the student learns. What is municipal law?
It is, in the language of the same writer, a rule of
civil conduct prescribed by the supreme power of
the®state, commanding what is right, and prohibit-
ing what is wrong. There is a difference between
advisory counsel, which we are at liberty to take or
refuse, and law, which is binding upon us. The
language of a compact is, "I will, or I will not, do
this thing." The language of law, according to
Blackstone, is, "Thou shalt, or sholt not, do it."
Then, according to this definition of law being a
rule of conduct or action, he asked if this second
section could be said to be a law. If no action
could be had under it, did it not result that it was
no law? and, if no law, that the general-ticket-sys-
tem of elections in the four States were sustained? Did
it not result, as a general consequence, that the
members sent here by those four States were legally
and constitutionally elected?
Now there was another view of the question, to
prove that this was no law. Suppose this govern-
ment was about to commence under the constitution,
and Congress had determined not to prescribe any
laws oil the subject of elections, but to leave the
matter to the States. Suppose, then, that the State
legislatures meeting immediately after the adoption
of the constitution, Should pass no other laws on the
subject-than this second section. Now, he asked
gentlemen whether they could venture to say that
this would be a law. Suppose again, that the State
legislatures should declare that all the elections
should be held on a certain day, without naming
what day: he would ask if that would be a law.
The minority report conceded that it would not.
Suppose further, the legislatures should pass laws
on the subject of the place and manner of holding
the elections, without specially designating either:
by the same reasoning, this would not be law. He
had, therefore, brought his mind to the conclusion,
both on elementary authority and the authority of
the constitution, as well as that of the minority re-
port, that the second section of the apportionment act
was no law; and, being no law, the members re-
turned under the general-ticket system were legally
and constitutionally elected.
He denied that the second section of the appor-
tionment act was a law. He affirmed it was a
mere nullity; and then proceeded to reply to the re-
marks and the arguments of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Summers,] made to the House on
Saturday last, in defence of the districting section of
the apportionment act. He contended that the sec-
ond section of the Apportionment act was a nullifica-
tion of the right of the people of several sovereign
States to be represeitfrften this floor; and argued at
some length in fa^Hpf the right of the members
whose seats are in quHtion, to retain possession of
their seats, as members of this House.
Mr. VINTON could not sit in silence, and wit-
ness the nullification of a solemn law of the land.
The constitution had given power to Congress to
pass laws; and, in pursuance of that power, the
Congress of the United States had thought proper to
pass a law declaring that elections hereafter should
be by single districts throughout the United States.
Twenty-two States of this Union had proceeded
to lay out their districts in conformity with the law
of Congress; while four of the States had thought
proper, for good reason, no doubt, in their own
opinion, to refuse to comply with it. And the ques-
tion now was, whether the law of Congress should
be considered the valid law of the land; for they
would all agree that, if it be a valid law, it puts aside
State legislation. He had not been able to satisfy
his own mind that this House had the power to go
behind the law, as had been asserted by some gentle-
men, because they were made the judges of the quali-
fication, election, and return of its members. The
members of this House were made the judges of—
of what' Judges of the election and return of its
own members. They were required to examine
and see whether the elections and returns were
made in conformity with the law. This was the
duty incumbent upon this House. But it was, in
his opinion, exceedingly questionable whether they
could inquire into the validity of a State law. Such
was not the intention of the framers of the constitu-
tion; because it was clearly perceived that, if such a
power were given to them, they might, by -virtue
thereof, overturn all law.
[A message from the President of the United
States was delivered by John Tyler, jr.]
The framers of the constitution were wise and
sagacious men; and they must have known that, if
this House possessed the power to go behind the
law, there might as well be no law at all upon the
subject.
But he would proceed to the question, whether
this were a valid law of Congress. Before coming to
that, however, he would say, that there were certain
things upon which he believed they would all sgiee.
One was, that in the absence of any legislation by
Congress, the States had unqualified jurisdiction.
And they would all agree, also, that Congress might
interpose, to alter, to frame another body of legisla-
tion. They would all agree that the duty was man-
datory upon the States, but discretionary with Con-
gress. And they would further agree that, if Con-
gress had proceeded, and laid out the districts—had
completed the executory or administrative part of
the law, it would have been good and valid to all
intents and purposes.
Mr. DOUG-LASS said he was not prepared to
agree with the gentleman ia this opinion.
Mr. VINTON said he hoped, then, the gentleman
would undertake to prove to this House that.the act
of Congress, if fully carried out, would not have-
been valid. He contended that it would have been
valid. The conclusion to which gentlemen had -
come, that' this was an invalid act, was founded.
upon this single proposition, that if Congress under-
took to exercise its power of legislation, they must ■
make that legislation perfect, so as not to need any
State legislation upon the subject. -When they un-
dertook to perform so important an act as' that of
overturning a solemn law of Congress, he thought,
at least, it devolved upon those who held the affirm-
ative of the proposition, to show clearly and satis-
factorily on what ground the proposition rests. ■
Would any man say that it was a self-evident prop-
osition that the law was a nullity? He thought not;
and it certainly struck him as somewhat remarka-
ble, that in a matter, out of which such serious con-
sequences must grow, not a single reason had been
assigned for coming to the conclusion that this law
of Congress was inoperative. How did they arrive
at that conclusion? The committee judged it to be
a nullity by means of a series of analogous reasoning.
The gentlemen say, if Congress pass a law declar-
ing that the elections shall be held on a particular day
throughout the Union, without naming the day, the
States would not be bound to execute the law. They
say it would not be a valid law. To the first prop-
osition he assented; from the other he dissented.
He held, that where the authority to legislate exist-
ed, such legislation was valid, provided it were con-
sistent and not impossible to be complied with.
If it were impossible, those whom it was intended
to operate upon were exonerated from compliance.
This was precisely the position of the case put in
the report. The States could not put such a law in
execution; and why? because no "State could carry
its legislation beyond its own territory. But did it
follow that, because the States could not do it, Con-
gress could not? The cases were not analogous, and
the reasoning was, therefore, fallacious.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia regarded the question
before the House as clearly one of expulsion; for, if
carried in the affirmative, it would expel twenty-one
members from the seats which they occupy on this
floor. This question was one affecting the State
which he represented. If it had been a personal
question only, he should have been content to be a
silent spectator; and, therefore, he deemed it right to
speak in behalf of the people of Georgia, whom he
represented here, for he was the representative of
the whole State, and not merely of a majority of its
people. Whatever difference of opinion there might
be in the State of Georgia in relation to this law,
there was 110 difference m practice; for both parties
had run candidates at the late elections. He allu-
ded to the resolutions of a whig convention of the
State of Georgia 011 this subject; and some explana-
tions were made by him and by Mr. Stephens in
relation thereto.
He then returned to the position he had assumed,
that this was a question of expulsion; and he showed
that never, since the establishment of tlus government,
had such an extreme power been exercised. In
1799, when the Congress sat 111 Philadelphia, an
attempt was made to expel a member of the name of
Matthew Lyon, against whom seditious designs
against the Union, and other very serious charges,
were preferred; but the motion was not sustained by
the requisite majority of two thirds. The expulsion of
a member was deemed a very grave proceeding, and
it never had succeeded; but now the attempt was
made to expel twenty-one members against whom
110 charge had been preferred. Besides the attempt
to expel Mathew Lyon in 1799, there was one
made in the 27th Congress to expel a gentleman
from Ohio, and that, too, failed. The House had
never dared to exercise such an aibitiaryand des-
potic power. The Senate, he understood, had
expelled a member of the name of Smith, 011 charges
affecting his moral character; but the House had
never dared to do it. Even instances of censure
were rare; he had known but two attempts to cei.-
sure members, and only one of those attempts was
successful. The unsuccessful attempt was in the
case of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] who fought the House three weeks when
an attempt was made to censure him in the 27th
Congress, on the motion of a gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall;] and it was conceded that
the gentleman from Massachusetts was victorious
over the whole House, notwithstanding the acts of
that gentleman were of a very grave and serious
character. The other, and the successful case, was
