,280
APPENDIX To The congressional globe.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Tariff and Distribution—Mr. A. Stewart•
H. of Reps-
the fight talking of recolonization;, when our land
was without roads, without fortifications, and noth-
ing in the way of British regiments pouring in upon
a defenceless frontier? Far, far different must a war
be now. The integrity of your soil will scarcely be
violated again. No; it is cities of the East which
are to be given to the flames; it is the ships and
commerce of the East which must be swept from
the ocean. The "great valley of the Mississippi"
is not only beyond the reach, but almost beyond the
sound of that war. While we have it described
here, is almost realizing the beauties of that "happy
valley," in allegory, located as it was "where- the
father of waters begins his course, whose bounty
pours down the streams of plenty, and scatters over
half the world the harvests of Egypt;"—we may al-
most pursue the description: "here its sons and
daughters wander in gardens of fragrance, and sleep
in the fortresses of security." Sir, I trust that,
when gentlemen of the West speak so lightly of a
war in which they will have little to do, these things
may be remembered without offence or imputation.
We deprecate war as a calamity; but stiould it
come, the East will be found to a man forward in
the quarrel; and that, too, without looking back
nicely into the causes which produced it.
But senators have sometimes argued this matter
as if this battle were to be fought in Oregon. Sup-
pose, for an instant, that this be so, (though what
they will go there to fight about, I am at a loss to
know,) what, then, is the relative strength of the
parties at present on that field, and what the future
facilities of getting strength there? The question of
honor being aside, we are free to count the odds.
England has now (if reliance may be placed on
newspaper statistics) in those seas, and upon the
opposite coasts, a larger maritime force than all the
disposable force of our navy. She has there two
line of battle ships, seven frigates, twenty-eight
sloops of war, and five steamers. She may thus go
into the territory, or take possession of the mouth
of the Columbia, with a force which we have no
present means to meet, and that force she can back
with supplies from her shipping. How, then, are
we to meet her in Oregon? How transport our can-
non and munitions of war across marsh and moun-
tain and desert? Napoleon's march to Moscow was
but a morning's walk compared with this wild
tramp to Oregon !
But we are told that the western rifle will do the
business. Sir, I have as much confideuce in the
western rifle as any man living; but let us not
be vainglorious—let us look at things with the
practical eye of business. British regulars will not
land in Oregon to fight among the bushes; and
you will need something more than even the death-
dealing rifle of the West to meet the musket and
bayonet and cannon. To contend successfully, you
must have there the heavy as well as the light
arm of military power; and allowing all that you
will for personal bravery, every man in his senses
must see, and every candid man must admit, that on
that field the adversary must possess every advan-
tage. But, sir, I will not dwell upon this aspect of
the question. Great Britain has approached us
with the olive branch, not the lion rampant. She
comes in a kind spirit; and m a kind spirit I trust
she will be met. If this long-pending question can
be settled in peace and in honor, in God's name let
it be done! The day has passed when nations
should butcher each other, save in the last ex-
tremity.
What an incongruous picture does this chamber
now present! We are occupied in reducing our
army, and yet talk of establishing distant military
posts. We have on our table a bill to reduce the
tariff and dimish the revenue, and yet talk of a
war, with all its boundless expenditure in its train.
We talk of open ports and free trade, and in the
same day of a state of things which must shut our
ports and stop all trade. These things all go on
cheek-by-jowl, and in many cases the same men
warmly advocating the whole ' Weie it not for the
character and zeal of the advocates, we might al-
most distrust their sincerity. Sir, we want 110 war.
Great Britain wants no war; and, least of all, does
she want war with us, her best customers. The
shutting of our ports against her commerce would,
of itself, be worse than ravaging her coasts, or
slaying her people. National honor not only does
not require that we force defiance upon her, but, in
the friendly approach of an envoy for negotiation,
national honor forbids it.
Before concluding, permit me to add a word in
^fcrenceto the coming negotiation. There is at
least one point of value in Oregon. The territory
seems to me of little importance; but we have a
domain elsewhere for which there is no -meridian
for the measurement, no degree of latitude for the
boundary. It is the open sea. And this domain is
already peopled with American life and enterprise.-
Our tonnage in-the Pacific is now immense, and re-
cent events in China will give to it an annual in-
crease. To all these interests the mouth of the Co-
lumbia is important in peace, and still more impor-
tant in war. It is the apple of the eye of that terri-
tory, and as such will, I trust, be guarded with a
sleepless care. Until this negotiation shall close,
until all just hope of an amicable settlement be gone,
I will never consent to adopt any course destructive
of the peaceful relations of the two countries. We are
but one of a family of nations; and we must remem-
ber, in justice to ourselves, that among this commu-
nity of nations our character is to be maintained,
less by a dogged spirit of self-will, than by a high
respect for international courtesy and international
law. While I would resent the act, should Great
Britain seize upon a foot of that useless territory in
defiance of our claim; while I would not see a blade
of its worthless grass cut in contempt of our right, I
would be more cautious still of any act of legislation
calculated to put this country in the wrong upon a
question whereon she was right before.
SPEECH OF MR. STEWART,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives, March 13, 1844—
In defence of the tariff and distribution.
Mr. Stewart of Pennsylvania rose to inquire of
the Chair whether the previous question, which had
been called on the engrossment of the bill, would
preclude discussion on the question now propound-
ed by the Chair, "Shall this bill pass?"
The Speaker having replied in the negative—
Mr. STEWART said:
However unprepared, I am nevertheless glad, sir,
of the opportunity thus unexpectedly acquired of
saying a few words 011 this important measure be-
fore its final passage. On coming into the hall, a
few minutes since, I was surprised, sir, to learn
that this bill to repeal the distribution law, reported
by tiie Committee of Ways and Means within the
last hour, had been already read a first and second
time, under the previous question, and was now on
its final passage. Sir, is this fair?—is it right that
this bill, by far the most important that has occupied
the attention of the present Congress, should thus
be hurried through all its stages, and finally passed,
under the gag, without amendment or debate? VVhy
this hurry'and haste? Why post with such dexter-
ity to this destructive deed? Why is this important
measure to be thus despatched in an hour, when
days and months have been spent in the discussion
of matters of comparative insignificance? The mo-
tive cannot be mistaken: its friends are afraid of dis-
cussion; they fear the development of facts which
must prostrate them before the people; but they can-
not escape, sir. They may, by the gag, suppress
debate here; but they cannot, thank God! gag the
people and the press: they can and will speak out,
in tones of thunder, against the doings of this day.
The proceeds of the sales of the public lands of
this country belong to the States of this Union. It
is a fund which this government holds 111 trust for
the people of the States; and a period has arrived in
our history when, by the mal-administration of this
government, a state of things has been brought
about 111 which the Stales are involved 111 debt—a
debt which was not only crushing the people of this
country under taxation, but was driving some of the
States to repudiation and bankruptcy. Is this gov-
ernment to furnish no relief to the States of this
Union.- Does it owe 110 obligations to the States
and to the people?
Are we to sit here calmly and see the States and
the people' of this Union crushed under the weight
of direct taxation, see the character of the country
disgraced, see repudiation stalking forth throughout
the land, and this House arid this government,which
had the power to relieve the people from their bur-
dens and redeem this government from disgrace, do
nothmgr This was a matter in which this govern-
ment was deeply interested. The interest and hon-
or of tins government must be sustained or destroy-
ed with the interest and honor of the States: they
are inseparable: we are one people in the estimation
of mankind, and share 111 the same glory and in the
same disgrace.
Sir, you will have a surplus in the treasury, at the
end of the year, derived from the existing tariff, if
let alone. And what will you do with it' Why
not give the proceeds of the land to the States, to
which it justly and fairly belongs?' If you do not,
you will be .driven to tlie necessity of another dis-
tribution law to divide the surplus revenue among
the States.
GEN. JACKSON IN FAVOR OF DISTRIBUTION.
This policy was strongly recommended and urged
by Gen. Jackson, not in one, but in three of his an-
nual messages, and it had been adopted in Congress
by a majority of more than four to one, 155 to 38-
in the House, and 24 to 6 in the Senate. Yet gen-
tlemen now contend that this measure is not only
highly inexpedient, but unconstitutional; and Mr.
Van Buren, in his Indiana letter, declares that the
people would "stultify" themselves by its adoption—.
a declaration by which he not only stultifies Gen.
Jackson, but himself also. Gen. Jackson, in his
first message, advocates the policy of distribution,
and says, "the most safe, just, and federal disposi-
tion that can be made of the surplus revenue will be
its distribution among the States according to their
ratio ;0f representation." In his next message of
1830, he renews this recommendation, and takes up
and answers, at great length, and with great ability,
all the objections that had been urged against the
policy of distribution—the very same objections that
are here urged by Mr. "Van Buren and his friends,
he answered and overturned, in their order, No. 1,
2,3, 4, occupying several pages of his message, to
which he commended the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Dromgoole,] who had reported this bill. In
his message of 1832, Gen. Jackson again took up
and discussed, at great length, the subject of the
public lands: he says they ought to "cease, as soon
as practicable, to be a source of revenue;" that "the
idea of raising revenue from them ought to be aban-
doned;" that they would endanger the "harmony
and union of the States;" and he expressly declares,
what is unquestionably true, that these lands were
pledged to the general government to pay the revo-
lutionary war debt, and that that debt being now
discharged, the "lands were released from the
pledge, and it is in the discretion of Congress," he
says, "to dispose of them in such way as may seem
to them best." Such are the sound and deliberate
opinions of Gen. Jackson; yet Mr. Van Buren, who
concurred with him at the time, now says, in his In-
diana letter, that the people would "stultify them-
selves by the adoption of a proposition so prepos-
terous." These are the words—a high compliment
to his "illustrious predecessor"—"a preposterous
proposition," which, Mr. Van Buren says,. 110 one
but a fool would think of, and that "its agitation, he
regrets to say, is calculated to degrade the charac-
ter of the American people in the estimation of man-
kind."
These, sir, are perhaps some of the developments
which gentlemen intended to suppress by the pre-
vious question.'
Why not give the land proceeds to the State?5
We are now receiving, under the tariff of 1842,
more revenue than we want; during the last month
we have received more than two millions of dollars
in the single port of New York. Suppose we re-
ceive in all the other ports in the Union no more
than is received in New York: and it will amount to
four millions per month, equal to forty-eight millions
per year. Still gentlemen are not satisfied, and a
bill has been reported by the Ways and Means to
repeal the tariff of 1842, because it has destroyed the
revenue, and they have substituted one which they
say will increase the revenue. Yes, sir, the Globe
also, in an editorial article of the 10th of last month,
stated that the last whig Congress had "doubled the
expenditures of the government, and reduced the
revenue one-half"—a statement made in the face of
official documents showing that the reverse was
much nearer the truth. Yes, sir, the report on the
finances at the opening of this session, shows that
the ordinary expenditures during Mr. Van Buren's
administration, amounted to nearly thirty-four mil-
lions in one year,and averaged more than twenty-eight
millions; while, in 1842and 1843, under a whig Con-
gress, tlie average was little over twenty-three, and
that the revenue had been increased by the whig tariff
of 1842 from less than fourteen millions in 1840 and
'41 to more than eighteen millions in 1842 and 1843,
and it would be more than twenty-five, and might
possibly reach thirty millions the present year. Yet
the Globe says, in the face of these facts, that the
