CONGRESSIONiAii>®li0BE.
age: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
Post Roads.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Edward Raw
and thirty-two other citizens of Muskingum county,
Ohio, praying for retrenchment in the expenditures
of the general government. Also, the petition of
Wm. H. Moore and forty-fire other citizens of the
same county, for the same purpose. Also, the peti-
tion of Jacob J. Anderson and sixteen other citizens
of said county and State, for the same purpose.
• Also, the petition of Wm. Young and sixty-one
other citizens of Knox, Franklin, and Licking coun-
ties, Ohio, for the same purpose.
By Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF: A memorial
of the citizens of Plymouth, Ohio, praying an ap-
propriation for the preservation of the harbor of
Sandusky, on Lake Erie. Also, the proceedings of
a meeting of the citizens of Sandusky city, Ohio, in
relation to the impi'ovements of the harbor at that
place.
Mr. CALDWELL withdrew from the files of the
Clerk, and presented to the House, the petition and
papers of the heirs of Nathan Faris, deceased: refer-
rrd to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, withdrew from the files and presented the
petition and papers of Cyrus C. Scott, of Adair
county, Kentucky: referred to the Committee of
Claims.
By Mr. DANA: Petition of 60 citizens of Yates
county, New York, for a reduction of postage, and
restriction of tbe franking privilege: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WENT WORTH: Petition of the widow
of William Bellsland, Will county, Illinois, forpen-
sion money due her husband: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 3 3,1844.
Mr. WALKER presented resolutions adopted by
the legislature of Mississippi, instructing the sena-
tors and requesting the representatives from that
State to use their influence to prevent the discontinu-
ance of the post office at Columbus, Mississippi, as
a distributing office: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, resolutions from the same source, instruct-
ing the senators and requesting the representatives
from that State to use their exertions to procure the
passage of a law requiring the postmaster general to
make a contract with the contractor on the present
mail line between Mobile and New Orleans, requir-
ing him to deliver the mail at several points which
are mentioned in the resolution; and also, to vote for
the passage of a law for the erection of a light-house
near Mississippi city, and at several other points
mentioned in the resolution. It was ordered that
so much of the resolutions as related to the mail
contract be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads; and so much as related to
light-houses, be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also presented a memorial from a number of
citizens of the city of Natchez and vicinity in favor
of establishing a naval depot and armory at that
place; which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a petition from certain citizens of the coun-
ties of Bolivar and Washington, Mississippi, pray-
ing that an appropriation of five thousand dollars
may be made, to be applied, with an equal sum
raised by individual subscription, towards making a
levee, by which some 800,000 acres of the public
domain will be drained and reclaimed: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, he was ex-
cused from serving on the Committee on Engrossed
Bills, (he being also on the Committee on Enrolled
Bills,) and the Chair was empowered to choose
another senator to fill the vacancy thus occasioned.
On motion by ATHERTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a post route from Antrim,
South Village, by way of Bennington to the middle
of the town of Francestown, in the county ofHiils-
borough, State of New Hampshre.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, it was ordered
that the petition of George de Passau, praying con-
firmation of his claim to a certain tract of land, to be
taken from the files of the Senate, and, with the pa-
pers he then presented, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. TTPHAM> from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Dr. George Davis, a surgeon's mate in the
army of the revolution, for commutation pay; which
waa ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petition of Samuel Gray, a soldier of the revolution,
for a pension; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the report of the
Auditor of the Post Office Department, of the state of
the accounts of that office for 1843, was taken from
the table, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
On motioh by Mr. SEMPLE, the resolutions
of the general assembly of Illinois, in favor of the
occupation of Oregon, were ordered to be taken
from the files, and referred to the special committee
upon that subject.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Charles B. Sherman, reported the same back
without amendment, accompanied by a report ad-
verse to its passage; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made an adverse report on the petition of
John Hibbert, for a pension; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from the
head men and chiefs of the Shawnee tribe of Indians
on the subject^- their annuities, and praying Con-
gress to prcnMfpr the payment of certain drafts
drawn by tnHppn the trust fund provided by the
treaty of 1831: referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. HAYWOQfJPpeseuted a memorial from 147
citizens of Marion county, North Carolina, in favor
of authorizing the board of commissioners acting
under the Cherokee treaty of 1835, to decide on the
claims not provided for by that treaty, and in favor
of the adoption of a liberal policy towards the small
remnant of Cherokee Indians who have remained
in, and become citizens of, the State: referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs,
THE FINE INDEMNITY BILL.
Mr. ALLEN moved to postpone the previous
orders of the day, with a view to take up the bill
from the House for restoring the fine imposed upon
General Jackson at New Orleans.
Mr. HUNTINGTON inquiied, before the ques-
tion was taken, whether the effect would be to post-
pone the other subject—the tariff—which was in
order to-day.
Mr. ALLEN remarked, that if the bill to restore
the fine was not disposed of by the expiration of the
morning hour, he would, at that time, move its
postponement, to prevent any interference with the
unfinished business of yesterday.
The question was then put on Mr. Allen's mo-
tion, and carried; and the bill was taken up, as in
committee of the whole—the question pending be-
ing the amendment from the Judiciary Committee
in the following words, viz:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to express or imply anv censure of the con-
duct or character of the Hon. f)cmmick A. Hall, by
whom the fine was imposed.
Mr. BERRIEN, the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, remarked that, without pretending to
take any part in the discussion of the bill before the
Senate, he felt that it was proper he should state
simply the grounds upon which the Judiciary Com-
mittee had reported the amendment to the bill. The
bill m question proposes to restore to General Jack-
son a certain sum of money, with interest, which
was a fine imposed on him by a judge of the dis-
trict court of Louisiana many years since. The bill
does not propose to give this money to General
Jackson, but proposes to return the money with in-
terest; that is to say, for wrongs done him by the
United States, by the detention of money which be-
longed to him. The bill on its face, by its neces-
sary import, ex vi termini, implies that this fine
was wrongfully imposed; that it was wrongfully
taken from him; and that it has been wrongfully
withheld from him by the United States.
In this aspect of the question—it having been the
pleasure of the Senate to refer this bill to the Judi-
ciary Committee, with a knowledge of his position
and of hia vote on a former occasion, when a simi-
lar bill was so referred—it seemed to the committee,
generally, that the sol? object which the Senate could
have in making the reference, was to require the
comniittee to see whether the bill was so framed,
that, in performing this act of courtesy, or justice,
or by whatever name it might be called, it should
express properly the views of the Senate; and to
see, in the performance of this act of courtesy or jus-
tice, that no wrong should be done to the memory
of the deceasedjudicial officer. If that was not the
object of the reference, he did not see that there was
any motive for its reference to that committee.
Inasmuch, if the bill implies that the money was
originally wrongfully received by the united
States, and wrongfully detained, (as it would so
imply without the proviso which counteracts that
inference,) the committee deemed it their duty to
offer an amendment, declaring simply as its purpose
to protect from unjust imputation the memory of
this judicial officer, who discharged his duty with
fidelity to his country, and who (having gone
hence without leaving any representative of his
claims on that country for the protection of his judi-
cial fame from unmerited obloquy) has committed
the guardianship of that reputation to the country
which he served with so much fidelity. Such were
the views of the committee, in offering the amend-
ment to the consideration of tire Senate. They de-
signed not to interfere with the pleasure of the
friends of General Jackson, in restoring to him, by
an act of the Congress of the United States, the fine.
They wished to place it on the ground which,
whilst it would not, in the slightest degree, arraign,
or in any manner imply, a censure on General
Jackson, for the course which, from his high sense
of duty, he deemed it necessary to take to
preserve New Orleans, jwould, at the same
time, preserve from unmerited obloquy the judge
who inflicted the penalty. The committee
felt that this was a duty more imperatively imposed
on them, from the manner in which the question had
been discussed various times in both Dranches of
of Congress; that it was due to the memory of the
departed judges; that it was due to his representa-
tives, if there were any alive who claimed that rela-
tion to him; it was due to the fulfilment of the ob-
ligation which the country owes to the character of
all her citizens,—to shield him from unjust imputa-
tion. It was due that Congress of the United States,
in the performance of this act of courtesy—if it
was properly so called—to General Jackson, by the
return of the money, should afford to those who
come after them, evidence that an act of justic® ren-
dered to one individual was not done at the expense
of injustice to others. He repeated that it was not
the intention of the committee, in proposing the
amendment, to imply impropriety of the conduct oil
General Jackson; but to save Judge Hall from such
an imputation.
Mr. WALKER said, as this bill was referred, on
his motion, to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
as he was a member of that committee, and did not
concur ill reporting the proviso, he would submit a
few remarks. The lionorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Berrien,] who re-
ported this amendment has not entered into the dis-
cussion of the propriety of refunding this fine to
General Jackson, but has confined his observations
to tlie proviso, declaring m substance, that nothing
in the bill shall reflect on the character of the judge
who imposed the penalty. Mr. W. said this bill
had been heretofore, at a former session, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and
various amendments, similar in their object to those
now proposed, had been reported by the same hon-
orable senator, [Mr. Berrien. He (Mr. W.) had
then submitted a counter report, in opposition to
these amendment, and in favor of an act, simply re-
funding the money, without any reference whatever
to the conduct of ihe judge. In that report, (Mr.
W.) had so fully expressed his views m favor of
restoring this money to General Jackson, and against
attaching any provisoes to the law, that he would
now only remark, that such a proviso was without
a precedent. When we passed the bill m 1840, re-
funding the fine imposed on Matthew Lyon, under
the sedition law, no proviso was attached to the bill
in reference to the judge who inflicted the penalty;
nor did he believe such a proviso could be found in
any bill which had ever passed the Congress of the
United States. It is now admitted by the honorable
chairman, that the money ought to be refunded; and
let us leave ihe question as to the conduct of the
judge to be determined by the present age, and by
posterity. Mr. W. said, as he was extremely-
anxious for the immediate passage of this bill, he
would detain the Senate by'po addition^ repi^rka.
