m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Tariff and Distribution—Mr. A. Stewart.
H. of Reps.
whig tariff of 1842., No wonder her Chancellor ex-
claims against the tariff, and says it will oblige them
to send us specie, instead of goods, hereafter, to pay
for cotton. No wonder our country is rapidly re-
covering from its late depression—that its course is
again onward and upward—that its former prosper-
ity is returning—a prosperity it always had, and al-
ways would have, under an efficient protective sys-
tem, but which it never had, and never would have,
without it." No wonder specie had become abun-
dant; that the banks had resumed; that exchanges
had become equalized, and interest reduced; that
manufactures had revived; that agriculture was re-
covering; that the mechanical, and every other branch
of the national industry, was fully and profitably
employed. All these were the necessary and unde-
niable fruits of the existing tariff policy—results
seen, felt, and acknowledged throughout the land.
Yet, in the face of all thesfe facts—shutting their
eyes to these great lights blazing up before them—
the Committee of Ways and Means have reported a
bill to repeal this beneficial act of 1849, and bring us
back to the low duties and the low condition of 1840.
They have struck a death-blow at this policy—a
policy which had vindicated its adoption by all its
fruits, which had fulfilled all the hopes of its friends,
and falsified all the predictions of its enemies. But
shall this blow be unavailing? No, sir; it will recoil,
and overwhelm its authors. The people who have
experienced the benefits and the blessings of this
measure, will not abandon it. Even its enemies are
now disposed to give it a fair and full trial, and con-
demn it only when it fails. Then why not, sir,
wait till the people have an opportunity to pass
upon this question at the approaching elections?
They will then settle it, one way or the other. If
the enemies of the tariff policy prevail, they can and
will repeal it; but if you repeal it now, and its friends
are successful, it will be immediately restored. Then
why not let it abide this result? Let it go to the
people—let them decide it; and for one, sir, I
am prepared to acquiesce in their decision. The
committe deprecate agitation. Why not, then,
let the matter rest. Let the experiment be tried,
and if it fails, put it down. Whence the urgent
necessity of a change; what interest in the country
calls for it' who has demanded it? who has petitioned
for this or any other change? No one; but the
Committee of Ways and Means say we must have
more revenue- -more revenue: and how do they
propose to raise it? By reducing the duties; and
this, my word for it, will result, as it always has
resulted, in a reduction of revenue; it is the neces-
sary and natural consequence. Tnis was once the
opinion of the honorable chaiiman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. McKay] himself, and as
there is now every prospect of a redundant revenue,
I should not be surprised if, before the bill is dis-
posed of, it should be advocated as a measure to
reduce the revenue, and this report be amend by
striking out the words "a bill to increase the reve-
nue," and inserting the words, "a bill to reduce the
revenue." I affirm it as a fact, and here challenge
contradiction, that the revenues of the country al-
ways have been increased or diminished, as we in-
creased or diminished the duties on foreign goods;
and why will this not be the result now? [Here
Mr. McKay called Mr. Stewais- to order, and said
it would be time enough to discuss the tariff when
that measure came up for discussion.]
Yes, said Mr. S., the gentleman has got a vote to
print and circulate 25,000 copies of his report—his
speech in favor of his bill—and no doubt he is anx-
ious to suppress any reply; but, sir, I have accident-
ally got in between two previous questions, arid I
wish to say a little on the other side, and little it will
be compared with the voluminous report of the
Committe of Ways and Means, which report I as-
sure the gentleman I will take great pleasure m send-
ing to my constituents, who will readily comprehend
and appreciate its destructive doctrines. But the
gentleman tells me to wait till the tariff comes up for
discussion. Sir, this may never happen. May not the
majority pass that bill, as they are passing this im-
portant bill, under the previous question? A majority
may take the bill out of committee and pass it under
the gag without amendment or debate, and from the
disposition evinced to suppress debate on this oc-
casion, have we not a right to apprehend that the
same course will be pursued on the subject of the
tariff? which, if passed at all, must be passed under
the gag—it will not bear debate.
But, sir, when I was interrupted by the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
was about to say, that if this bill increases the rev-
enue to meet the demands of the treasury, it can
only fulfil this office by nearly doubling importa-
tions. It repudiates protection, andadopts the hor-
izontal plan; with a few exceptions it brings every
thing down to thirty per cent, till the 1st of Septem-
ber, 1845, when there is to be a general reduction of
all ad valorem duties to twenty-five per cent, and
under, resulting in a reduction of the duties imposed
by the tariff of 1842 about one-third, or say one-
fourth; then it is manifest that you must itnport
one-fourth more foreign goods to make good the loss
of revenue by this reduction, and one-fourth more
to raise the additional five millions required, making
an increase of one-half, viz: fifty millions, which
must of course destroy that amount of our own pro-
duction: for instance, by this bill one-half the pro-
tection is taken off hats; two-fifths off ready-made
clothing; two-thirds off shoes; one-half off manufac-
tures of iron; so that the hatters, tailors, shoe-
makers, and blacksmiths lose one-half of their pro-
tection, and the treasury one-half the revenue; and
to make up for this loss of revenue wp must of
course double the importation of hats, shoes, man-
ufactures of iron, and ready-made clothing, destroy-
ing a corresponding amount of our own production,
as the consumption will continue the same whether
the supply be furnished at home or from abroad.
Three cents is taken off every pound of imported
wool costing over seven cents; of course we must
greatly increase the importation of wool to make
good this loss of revenue.
To understand the injurious operation of this bill
upon every branch of the national industry, agri-
cultural, manufacturing, and mechanical, I would
suggest to the reader to turn to the table marked
"C," in the appendix to the report of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, where they would see the
precise extent to which every branch of industry
would be affected by this measure. This report it-
self would thus furnish the best and most conclu-
sive evidence of the destructive effect of the pro-
posed measure upon American labor, and its bene-
ficial effects upon foreign, and especially British in-
dustry; hence he had denominated this a "British
bill," because it was calculated to advance the in-
terest of British mechanics, manufacturers, and
farmers, at the expense of our own.
But, sir, if more revenue is wanted, why not in-
crease the duties on luxuries consumed by the rich,
rather than thus strike down the poor man's labor,
and take the bread from the mouth of his children,
to make room for the importation of fifty millions
of dollars' worth of foreign goods? Is this, sir, an
American measure? can it receive the support of an
American Congress, or the representatives of the
American people? I call on the authors of this ru-
inous measure to come forth in its defence. I call
on them to assign some reason for its adoption. I
can readily discover reasons enough why England
should desire its adoption; but they are the very
reasons why we should reject it. Just so far as it
benefits them it injures us. This is a contest be-
tween foreign and American mechanics, farmers,
and manufacturers, for the American market; and
the question is, which side shall wc take? The
tariff of 1842 shuts out the foreigner, and gives the
Americans the market. This bill proposes to re-
peal the tariff of 1842, and give it to the foreigner—
to open our ports, and again Hood our country with
foreign goods, and export money by ship-loads to
pay for them; and why? I again ask the committee
upon what principle of national policy this measure
is sustained?
THE TARIFF DEMOCRATIC—FREE TRADE
MONARCHICAL.
[Mr. Dromcooj-.e replied, to enable bare-headed
people to buy cheap cIkhs ']
Mr. Stewart. To enable bare-headed people to
buy cheap hats ! Sir, let me tell the gentleman, if
he carries this measure, the poor people of this
country would not only go bare-headed but bare-
backed. They would be doomed, like the paupers
of Europe, to go half fed and half clad. The
tariff, sir, is "the poor man's law," it is this, and
this alone, that gi\ es him employment and wages.
Just as the tariff goes down, the wages of labor
will go down with it. Repeal the tariff—adopt the
gentleman's favorite plan of "free trade"—and you
will bring down the labor here in every department
of industry to the level of the labor of the serfs and
paupers of Europe. This is certain—it is inevita-
ble'—as certain as the laws of gravitation—as in
evitable as that the removal of an obstruction be-
tween two unequal bodies of water will reduce the
one to the level of the other. Repeal the tariff, and
what is there to prevent our country from being in-
stantly inundated with the productions of the low-
priced labor of Europe?—when hatters, shoemakers,
blacksmiths, and all, must come down and work as
cheap as they do, or give up the market! With the
present facilities of intercourse by steamships, you
might as well attempt to establish higher wages and
higher prices on one side of a street than on the
other, as to establish and sustain higher prices and
wages here than in Europe, under the delusive and
Utopian scheme of "free trade." But, sir, this
scheme would bring in its train other and more fear-
ful consequences. Adopt this scheme, and you
will soon bring down and degrade the now free and
prosperous labor of this country, not only to the
moral, but to the political condition of the slaves
and serfs of Europe. By reducing their wages,
you deprive the poor man of the means of edu-
cating his children and fitting them to be free.
By thus depressing one class of your people, you
necessarily elevate another. You divide society
horizontally into upper and lower classes—distinc-
tions and titles supervene—jealousies, and finally
hostilities, follow, and liberty itself is in the end
swallowed up in monarchy. Such are the political
and moral tendencies of every step in the direction
of free trade. The protective policy is, therefore,
democratic in its character and tendencies, it is a
policy which promotes equality, not by depressing
one class, but by elevating all—by elevating, sus-
taining, and protecting the labor of your own coun-
try against the ruinous and degrading effects of a too
free competion with the low priced and depressed
labor of Europe. These are views which belong to
this subject, and should not be overlooked or disre-
garded by those who represent the free labor of this
country, and especially by those who make profes-
sions of democracy and love of the people. Now
is the time, and this is the question, to test their
sincerity. Those who represent slaves may be ex-
cused, but those representing freemen will be held
to a strict accountability.
THE DUTIES ADDED TO THE PRICE, NOT
TRUE.
The great and leading objection to the protective
policy is, that the duties are added to the price, and
paid by the Consumers. This objection lies at the
foundation of the opposition of this policy; and, if
unfounded, this opposition ought to cease. The
duty is added to the price: this is the theory. Now,
sir, how is the fact? what says experience? All ex-
perience proves that this objection has no existence,
save in the imaginations of those who make it.
Now, sir, I lay it down as a general proposition,
that there never was a high protective duty imposed
upon any article, from the foundation of this gov-
ernment to the present day, the price of which has
not been in the end reduced—greatly reduced—in
many instances to one-half, one-third, and one-
fourth of what it had been before those protective
duties were imposed. This, sir, may seem to gen-
tlemen on the other side to be a strong declaration;
but, sir, I make it deliberately, with a full conviction
of its truth, and I challenge gentlemen to disprove
it—I defy them to point out a single instance to the
contrary. Let them examine, and they will find in-
variably that, wherever the duties have been highest,
the prices have ultimately come down the lowest,
and for a very obvious reason—high duties pro-
mote competition, and competition never fails to
bring down prices. This effect is invariable and
universal; but unfortunately the duties always run
up as the prices run down; hence the frightful lists
of duties exhibited by the Committee of Ways and
Means, amounting to 200, 300, and 400 per cent.
When first imposed, these duties were but 30 or 40
per cent.; but now, owing to the reduction of prices,
they have run up to 200 or 300 per cent. By way
of illustration, take the article of glass, on which a
duty of $4 a box was imposed at a time when glass
cost $12: this was then a duty of 33 per cent.; but
now, when home competion, induced by this pro-
tective duty, has brought down the price to $2 a
box, the duty, owing to this reduction of price, is
200 per cent., instead of 33. The same is true of
many other articles on which the duty, when im-
posed, did not exceed 20 or 30 per cent., but now,
owing to reduction of price produced by home com-
petition, they amount to 200 or 300 per cent. When
four cents per pound duty was put on cut nails, the
price was twelve cents per pound, and this duty, of
course, was 33 per cent.; but now, when the effect
of this protective duty has been to reduce the pric®
