U8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
< Mr. ALLEN said lie \yould not protract thi? dis-
cussion. He rose merely to call the attention off the
Senate to the remarkable fact, that so far from this
bill, on its face, easting any imputation, one way or
another, on the memory of Judge Hail, it did not
even allude to Judge Hall, or to the fact that he ever
was concerned in the court in question. The lan-
guage of the bill .was this: "That the sum of one
thousand dollars, paid by General Jackson as the
fine imposed upon him at New Orleans, on the 31st
of March, 1815, he repaid to him." So far from
carrying that imputation, which the senator from
Georgia [Mr. Berrien] imagined it to carry, against
the character of Judge Hall, it did not recognise the
existence of such a person, or of the court in which
he presided. It did not inform the world whether
this fine was imposed by a justice of the peace or by
the Supreme Court of the United States. This
showed how very improper it was to connect Judge
Hall with this business, on the face of the bill, un-
less it were the object of the Senate to invite atten-
tion to his conduct. That was a matter of history.
Nothing that Congress could say or do would change
facts. So far as the bill was concerned, neither Judge
Hall nor his country was involved, either directly
or by imputation; and the amendment was utterly
incongruous. It would have been quite as proper
to move to amend the bill by attaching to it one of
the paragraphs in the Declaration of Independence.
He hoped that there would be almost, if not quite,
a unanimous vote to dispose of this obstruction to its
passage, and that the bill itself should pass quietly,
without consuming the time of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER said that, after some deliberation
on the subject now under consideration before the
Senate, he felt himself constrained to object to the
amendment offered by the Committee on the
Judiciary, [and he would briefly state why he
should vote against it. He did not come to this
conclusion because he entertained any particular
personal partiality for General Jackson; yet he
aid not know that he had any antipathy against him.
Least of all was he influenced by fear of popular re-
sentment, or expectation of popular favor. In taking
the position which he had determined to take upon
this subject, he occupied a ground perfectly satisfac-
tory to himself. He appreciated the motives which
influenced the Judiciary Committee in offering the
amendment; and he subscribed to the sentiments ex-
pressed by the distinguished chairman of that^ com-
mittee; but he believed there was nothing in the bill
before the Senate, calculated to injure the character
or reputation of the j udge by whom the fine was
imposed. He did not believe that the bill itself, or
anything connected with the legislation of Congress,
would have a tendency to malte issue between Gen-
eral Jackson and the memory of Judge Hall. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] was right. There
was no allusion, either directly or by imputation, ill
t ic bill, against the character of that distinguished
j udge.
Mr. P. then proceeded to examine precedents
showing that Congress had often acted upon bills of
this kind without any such provision as that pro-
posed by the Judiciary Committee. After reallud-
ing to the precedents referred to by the senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] and to the act of Con-
gress of 1840, refunding the line imposed Matthew
Lyon, he observed that if there was any doubt on
the subject, General Jackson's own declaration was
sufficient to remove it; and to relieve the memory of
Judge Hall from all injurious imputation. The
grave of the judge would not be opened—the dead
would not be insulted? What did General Jackson
say? When he was fresh from the field of battle, he
gave his opinion in regard to the verdict; and so far
from condemning Judge Hall, he turned to the infu-
riated populace, and called upon them, by their
sense of justice—their love of country—to bow, as he
had done, in silent submission to the law. As the
general was capable of doing on great occasions, he
virtually acknowledged that if he had violated the
constitution, he had done so to save his country;
and this he did without a murmur. He went fur-
ther. General Jackson stated on the same occasion,
that if the fine imposed upon him had taken from
him all he had in the world, he would have paid it
without a murmur. When the citizens of New Or-
leans collected athousand dollars, subject to his draft,
to pay the fine, he refused to touch the money, but
preferred letting it go for charitable purposes. He
admitted the justice of the sentence. Where was
the imputation against Judge Hall?
Mr. P. then read General Jackson's remarks on
this subject, in support of his argument that there
-was no reflection cast upon the memory of Judge
HaU.
It was not his intention, when he rose, to detain the
Senate by saying even as much as he had said. He
had but a single remark more to make. Whatever
other gentlemen might feel on the subject, he felt
that he wanted this matter closed. He had heard,
some years ago, that it was before the Congress of
the United States. He entertained the opinion then,
and that opinion was strengthened by observation,
that it would be better for the peace of the country
—he had almost said for the pockets of the people—
that the matter should be brought to a close. A
great deal of money had been expended in the dis-
cussion of this great question—five times as much
as it was worth—by keeping it continually before
Congress. Gentlemen on the other side smiled.
He acknowledged they had something to smile at,
while they had this bill for" capital. He hoped that
a vote would be taken at once, that the discussion
might terminate. He trusted that whigs and demo-
crats—all would join, and put to rest forever this
question, which had so long disturbed the halls of
Congress.
Mr. MILLER said: A few days since, I had the
honor of presenting to the Senate the joint resolu-
tions of the general assembly and legislative coun-
cil of the State of New Jersey, instructing me to
vote for the bill now under consideration. I then
stated that I should give a respectful answer to these
resolutions, when I should be called to vote upon
the bill. ,
I therefore now ask the indulgenM®felie Senate,
while I briefly state the course 1 shaj^prsue in re-
gard to these instructions.
After mature deliberation, anjkHjder a deep sense
of duty, I feel myself constra^jHpo disobey these
instructions, and shall vote agfflst the bill which
they direct me to vote for.
Having no hesitation, in my own mind, as to the
vote I ought to give on this occasion, the only ques-
tion is, whether I should yield my own fixed opin-
ion to that of the legislature? This I cannot do; be-
cause I do not recognise the power in the legisla-
ture, even of my own State, to control my vote, as
a senator of the United States.
Although I entertain a profound respect for the
legislature of New Jersey, and a high regard for the
individual members of that body, I cannot not—I
dare not, even for a moment, so far forget the per-
sonal and official duties and responsibilities which
my station as a senator of the United States impose
upon me, as to permit my votes and actions here
to be governed by any other rule than that furnish-
ed by my own sense of duty.
At the last session of Congress, and after a full
investigation of the subject, I recorded my vote
against the bill which I am now instructed to vote
for. On that occasion, I gave to the public, in a
speech which I had the honor to deliver before the
the Senate, the reasons upon which I founded my
opposition to this bill. Not being furnished by these
resolutions, or from any other source, with any
facts or reasons to induce me doubt the correctness
of my former vote,—if I should now yield my own
opinion to that of the members of the legislature,
and vote their sentiments, and not my own, I
should only bring disgrace upon the office which I
hold, and inflict a wound upon the character of the
Senate, without entitling myself to the respect of
those whose mandate I obey; and, by my subser-
viency, justly forfeit the approbation of every hon-
orable and independent citizen of New Jersey.
I do not wish to be understood as controverting
the right of a State legislatuie to express, in any
form it may think proper to adopt, its opiuions upon
any national subject that may be brought before
Congress. Such has been the practice, for many
years, by most of the States in the Union. It is one
of the means employed fto collect and concentrate
public opinion; and as such, has frequently been re-
sorted to by the political parties of the day to pro-
duce an influence upon national legislation. Such
opinions will always be treated with respect by me,
and receive at my hands all the consideration which
their importance deserves. But, while I freely ac-
cord this respect to the opinions of a State legisla-
ture, I also claim, for myself, so long as I have the
honor of a seat in this chamber, the right to examine
those opinions, to judge of their propriety, of their
effect upon the nation at large, and upon the laws
and institutions of the country. And if, after ma-
ture deliberation, I find that I cannot adopt those
opinions as my own, I hold it to be my sworn duty
to discard them, and stand by the solemn convic.
tions of my own judgment, regardless of all conse-
quences that may result to myself.
Any other course of conduct would, in my hum-
ble opinion, materially change the character of the
Senate; would destroy its nationality, its constitu-
tional permanancy, and its power to resist execu-
tive encroachment, and to check popular excite-
ment.
The constitution of the United States declares,
that "The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two senators from each State, chosen by
the legislature thereof for six years;" and that
"each senator shall have one vote."
The framers of this section certainly intended to
give a national character to this body; so that each
senator, although chosen by the legislature of a par-
ticular State, should be a senator of the United
States; with power, by his vote, to effect, for good or
for evil, the interests of the whole Union. They
also intended to give stability and permanency to this
body, so far as they could be given, by securing to
each of its members a term of office for six years.
But, if the members of a State legislature are still
to exercise an absolute control over the votes of
this national Senate; if senators are to vote accord-
ing to instructions, or give place to those who will
be more subservient; if our constitutional term of
office, for six years, is to be turned into a tenantcy
at will, to end upon a legislative notice to quit,—then
that part of the constitution to which I have referred
is abrogated; this is no longer the Senate of the
United States; and its members cease to hold their
office for the term of six years. ^Then, also, will the
political power—and along with it the moral influ-
ence of this Senate—cease ,to be felt in this nation.
That branch of the government, intended by the
constitution to be the most stable and national, will
become the most vacillating and sectional.
While the other departments of government—.
the executive and representative—are, during their
constitutional term of office, left uncontrolled by any
expression of public opinion, the Senate, under the
sway of legislative instructions, is made to yield be-
fore "every wind of doctrine;" changing its mem-
bers, and with them its political principles, as often
as the whim or caprice of party may dictate.
It would be more curious than useful to enter
into an examination of this doctrine of instruction 
its history and practice. I have no disposition to
do so at present. The truth is, its orthodoxy has
become so questionable, the practice under it so
various, its mandates so frequently disregarded or
evaded with impunity, that it can hardly be called
an existing creed. It may have a few formal be-
lievers left, but its martyrs belong to a former age!
At one time this doctrine possessed great potency.
It amounted, ia practice, to a removing power placed
in the hands of the State legislatures. Under its
destructive dispensation, no senator was safe in his
seat fora single day. Neither his commission, his
unexpired term of office, nor the preservatives
of the constitution, afforded him any protection:
his destiny was in other hands—under the control
of the ascendant party of a State legislature; and,
when they issued their mandate, the only alternative
was to obey or die!
Under this reign of instructions, it was difficult
to tell who would constitute the Senate during a
single session of Congress. Ascertaining from the
files of the Senate when the constitutional term of
its members would expire would not settle the
question: it was necessary, also, to consult the State
legislatures—their political complexion, their party
action; and then wait until the thinning process for
the year passed over, to see who would be taken
and who left! This process, once so destructive
to the stability and independence of the Senate,
has, like all unnatural exertions of power, been
cheeked, if not entirely destroyed, by its own vio-
lence. It is certainly not as mortal as it used to be:
a senator may now be instructed, and yet live! My
honorable friend from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] has
just survived a shock; and I trust the country may
long enjoy the benefit of his experience and talents
as a senator, not only of the State of Georgia, but of
the Union.
I consider that the doctrine of the controlling in-
fluence of instructions has been discarded by the
good sense of the people of this country. It may
still exist in form; but it -is only an abstract idea,
and which is soon, I trust, destined to become an
obsolete one.
At all events, Mr. President, I shall, on the pres-
ent occasion, take the responsibility of disobeying
these instructions.
