In doing so, I will not attempt to fortify my vote
by, a discussion of the merits of this bill; neither will
I enter into an argument with the legislature as to
the correctness of our respective opinions, prefer-
ring to place myself upon other and higher
grounds—upon my constitutional right and duty, as
a senator of the United States, the «ght of enjoying
my own opinion, and the duty of declaring that
opinion by my vote, whenever called upon here to
express an opinion or to give a vote.
In adopting this rale for the government of my
official conduct, I shall maintain alike my indepen-
dence as a man and as a senator, and preserve the
constitutional rights of this Senate; neither will I
thereby be doing any injustice to the legislature of
New Jersey. The members of that body are indi-
vidually responsible for their own opinions and
votes, but they are not responsible for mine. I can-
not shift my responsibility upon them, if I would;
the constitution and my official oath here fixed it up-
on me. I will not get rid of this responsibility by a
subterfuge; will neither evade nor avoid it; but meet
it openly and manfully, in the honest discharge of
my duties as an American senator, accofding to the
dictates of my own conscience.
Beyond and above both the legislature and my-
self, there is a power to which we are both alike ac-
countable for our official actions. To the people of
New Jersey they, together with myself, must, soon-
er or later, render an account of our stewardship.
However, in other respects, my poor services as a
senator from New Jersey may fail to receive the ap-
probation of the people of that State, I feel an assur-
ance, in their known respect for the constitution, in
their love for liberty of thought and action, that the
people of New Jersey will' never condemn their rep-
resentative for honestly and openly maintaining his
own freedom of thought and action upon a question
affectir.g the laws and institutions of the country,
believing, as I think they do, that that senator best
represents a free State who feels, while in the dis-
charge of his high trusts, that he himself is free—
free to consult, free to act, and free to vote; subject
only to the controlling influence of the constitution
under which he acts and votes; and to the ultimate
opinion of the people, whose interests he represents.
The question was then taken the proviso of the
Judiciary Committee, and decided in the negative,
on yeas and nays—yeas 18, nays 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bayard, Berrien, Choate, Clay-
Son, Dayton, Evans, Huger, Huntington, Merrick, Miller.
Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Upham, and
Woodbridgc—18.
NAYS.—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Bar-
row, Benton, Breese, Buchanan. Colquitt, Fairfield, Foster,
Francis, Fulton, Hannegan, Haywood, Henderson, Jarna-
fin, King, Mangum, Semple, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan,
Walker, Woodbury, and Wright—26.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said he found himself now
in such a position cm this question as to prevent
(as he was then advised) his voting for the bill.
He was obliged to vote against the bill in the form
in which it then stood. He wished to express his
views upon the bill, and the reasons which would
influence his vote upon it; and asked the indul-
gence of the Senate until to-morrow to enable him
to do so, as the morning hour had nearly expired.
Mr. WALKER suggested to the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Woodbeidge] the propriety of per-
mitting the bill to be ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and of submitting his remarks
when the bill was on its passage. Such a course
would save one day.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said, if there was any pro-
priety in relation to the course he had prescribed
for himself, it was proper that his remarks should
precede the order for engrossing the bill. He
could not, therefore, acquiesce in the suggestion.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the further consider-
ation of the bill was postponed till to-morrow.
THE COMPROMISE ACT THE TARIFF.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution of the Finance
Committee, to postpone indefinitely the bill intro-
duced by Mr. McDuffie, to reduce the rates of du-
ties under the present tariff to the standard of the
compromise net.
Mr. HUNTINGTON resumed his address to the
Senate, and spoke for two hours. He said on yes-
terday he closed the remarks which he considered
necessary to make relative to the policy of foreign
governments, on which the senator from New
Hampshire dwelt so strongly, and held out as
worthy of our imitation. That policy ever was,
and would ever continue, when dubbed with the
title of free trade; to be exclusively grounded on the
advancement of their own interest; and where it ap-
peared to favor the interest of this or any other
country, it was only a bait held out to secure to
them a greater benefit than they could obtain with-
out this affected liberality. No matter how much
they held forth on the mutual advantages of free
trade, whenever their home interest came in com-
petition with ours, then we were as nothing in the
scale.
He then proceeded to combat the views taken by
Mr. Woodecry, that our domestic market was,
comparatively speaking, of no moment; that under
the bill of 1842, no compensation was afforded to
the body of the people for the advantages secured at
their expense to the very small portion benefited by
that measure—a measure described .by him as cal-
culated to sacrifice 80,000 fishermen for the benefit
of80,000 manufacturers; • expressly framed, as he
said, to benefit one-fourth of our entire population
to the manifest damage and injury of the remaining
three-quarters. But facts proved those views to be
wholly fallacious. Would (he asked) the honorable
gentlemen from the West and Southwest, say that
our home market was of no use, no protection to the
portions of the country they represented? Would
they answer the appeal of the honorable senator
from New Hampshire, by saying that a home
market, open to all classes, was to their constituents
of no moment, or, if any, of inferior consequence'
Suppose the manufacturing institutions of the
country shuOip, its industry not only impeded,
but destrdHtey the withdrawal of all protec-
tion, and«MpFtowns and cities crowded with
the product^of the pauper labor of Europe:
what then would become of the beef, pork, wheat,
flour, and all other necessaries produced in the agri-
cultural States? Where would be the market for the
quantity previously consumed by the employed ar-
tisans and operatives? Would those classes, thus
thrown out of employment, turn to farming? Would
they become farmers' What now became of our
surplus of wheat and breadstuffs? Was it destroyed
or thrown into the sea? No: it was consumed in the
country. And what caused its consumption here?
This tariff bill, so loudly declaimed against by the
advocates of free trade. That system enabled man-
ufacturers to give employment; and, in doing so, to
give means for the purchase of those necessaries.
The inhabitants of the valley of the West would
not be found to say that our domestic consumption
was of no value; if asked the question, they would
use different language in reply.
Mr. H. here proceeded to show, from a calcula-
tion made by an honorable friend of his, (not a
member of the Senate,) that the great commercial
and manufacturing State of Massachusetts consumed
as much beef, pork, hams, lard, and butter, as was
exported from all the ports in the Union to foreign
nations, previous to the alteration in the British
tariff. From another calculation made by the same
gentleman, he said it appeared that those employed
in the iron trade alone consumed millions of the pro-
duce of other States than those they were located ir.
He then went on to show that the exportation of
breadstuffs, from the year 1832 to 1842,was compara-
tively trifling; and, in the face of those facts, he
asked, was our domestic market good for nothing?
The amount exported in the before-named years
was nothing in comparison to the amount raised.
The great balance went to the manufacturing States,
who did not raise, but consumed.
The domestic market for agricultural produce
shut out foreign supplies only when the admission
of our own added to the common weal. Divert the
interests of the agricultural West and Southwest
from a home market, and you leave them no_ where
else to go. The senator from New Hampshire lim-
its the manufacturers, and those depending on them,
to one and a half million; but in assessing the taxes,
he does so per capitwn on the entire population.
Thus, of iron, he says each individual of twenty
million persons uses annually 25 lbs.; which, ac-
cording to his statement, pays a duty of 3 cents per
lb.; making the large total of fifteen million dollars.
Sugar, in the same way, he made appear paid seven
millions, and salt one million dollars. This calcu-
lation, Mr. H. argued, was not correct; as, from
official returns then before him, it appeared
that, during the year 1842, the iron imported,
including sheet, hoop, rolled, hammered, pig, and
brasier's iron, did not, on an average, exceed X per
cent. duty. His calculation of the amount of duty
paid on sugar imported was also erroneous; inas-
much as, in the greater portion, the duty was paid by
the produ'eei- abroad; -' ahdconsequeiitly. took &
thing from the pdeketa of the people heje; where
that was not the case, it was paid partiaMy W the
producer, and partially by fije «QfisurtlerJ so tM'tih
no case were the people sufferers, as described by
him. He would, ask what would be the price of
iron, sugar, and salt, if this country had 'no, pro-
tective system; if she had no manufacturers or pro-
ducers? Why; the prices would be enormous. The
effect of our manufacturing establishments, bur
sugar houses, and salt works, was to keep down the
prices. He was prepared to show, from a state-
ment in his possession, that every article manu-
factured,here had fallen in price.
The principle he contended for was, that the.pro-
tective system, by giving employment to every in-
dividual willing and able to labor, fyrnisbed njeaiis
to all to become purchasers, and consequently pro-
tectors of our home produce. If the argument of
the senator from New Hampshire was correct, it
would not require many articles to make a revenue
more than sufficient for the wants of any country.
From one article he would derive fifteen millions;
from another six millions; and from another one
million. Why, the very extravagance of these
calculations showed the fallacy of hia views. In
speaking of Great Britain he [Mr. Woodbury] says
she does not depend on her home market; she I00K3
elsewhere: but he might have added that she takes
care no other nation or country shall interfere with
that market; and, further, she takes care that the
prices of that market shall not reduce. It is true,
her home market is a mere nothing^and the ques-
tion is, what does she do with the surplus? She
sends it to such countries (and our own among
the number) as are willing to be gulled by
what self-styled philosophers of a modern date
term free trade, although that free trade only goes
to the benefit of one. We (Mr. H. continued) are
for the preservation of our home market; but that
does not satisfy the honorable senator, who says
Great Britain hunts out markets, and founds colo-
nies, so as to make consumers for her produce. But
the time has not yet arrived, nor is it the policy of
this country to subject foreign nations to her yoke,
or to found colonies for the benefit of her home
market. The senator from New Hampshire was,
while addressing the Senate, extremely sensitive as
to the commercial interests of the very respectable
State he represented; but he (Mr. H.) thought there
was no occasion for it, as the commercial interests
of that State were extremely small, even in compar-
ison with some of the smallest States adjoining.
He proceeded with statements, showing the smml
proportion of exports and imports from and to New
Hampshire, in comparison with Rhode Island, Con-
necticut, and Massachusetts.
As to the supposition of the senator from New
Hampshire, that the duty on those things which
enter into the materials of ship-building amounts to
$5 per ton on the tonnage of every vessel built in
the United States, it was obviously on the assumed
fact that the consumer pays all the duty. Now, it
had been shown that the foreign producer, in many
cases, pays the duty; and it is only sometimes that
both the consumer and producer pay it; but much
less frequently the consumer alone. But even if the
ship-owners had to pay $5 per ton, would they not
be compensated in two ways?—first, by the in-
creased ability of the country to pay them higher
freights; and next, by the increased amount of car-
rying to be done. By the increased productions of
manufactures, stimulated by the protective policy,
not only would there be more internal commerce,
but more external commerce; because, much of those
manufactures would be sent to foreign markets. He
denied that the falling off in our external carrying
trade was owing to the tariff act. It was, he in-
sisted, a consequence of our reciprocity treaties.
And, in proof of this, he referred to the fact that the
Hanseatic towns, by the reciprocity treaty with them,
had taken away much of our carrying trade. They
did it in this way: they employed ships in transport-
ing goods from European manufacturing nations ta
Brazil, and there took in a freight of coffee for the
United States, discharged it at New York, and
thence took a return freight of our products to Eu-
rope; thus carrying both to this country and from it
what, by right, our own vessels ought to carry.
Besides, they had an advantage under the lecipro-
city treaty, (so called,) which we did not avail our-
selves of." They bought vessels of other nations,
and naturalized them, thereby giving them the ad-
vantages of the treaty, whilst weconfined our vessels
trading with them to American built bottoms, Thejf
