286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Whig and Democratic principles—Mr. Clingman.
H. of Reps
dent, from "Washington down to the present incumbent of
the executive chair, inclusive, who has not sanctioned dis-
crimination on these principles.
It is time, Mr. Speaker, that we should take a common
• sense practical view of this question. We have had theory
and parade enough on it.
i tell gentlemen that I am not at present inclined to sup-
port any tariff bill which they are likely to bring forward at
this session. In making this declaration, I speak only for
myself. The tariff of 1842, which is now in operation, may
have defects, for what I know. Some of the duties may be
too high, and others two low. But, sir, it has thus far disap-
pointed all the predictions of its enemies. They told us that
the duties were so high that they would be prohibitory; that
we should get no revenue under it, and therefore be ob-
liged to resort to direct taxation to support the government.
But facts, as daily developed, directly refute this prediction.
The revenue under it has been rapidly increasing; and i£ it
should continue for the balance of the year as it has been
coming in for the last three months, it would amount to
some fifty millions of dollars. Though I do not, of course,
anticipate, in fact, that amount, yet I am quite sure
that if the present tariff were permitted to remain
undisturbed, it would not only afford all the
means necessary to support the government, but en-
able us, in a short time, to pay oif the whole of our na-
tional debt. This favorable state of our finances has been
produced thus far without any practical injury having re-
sulted to any section of the country. Not only cotton, but
all of our other productions, command a better brice than
they did before the passage of the tariff; while foreign arti-
cles, which we import ana consume, are generally cheaper—
i believe I might say invariably so. But even if it were
otherwise, I would be willing, as an individual, and 1 know
my constituents are patriotic enough to feel willing too,
to submit to- a temporary inconvenience lor the sake of
seeing this government once more free from the debt left
by Mr. VanBuren, and able to support itself without bor-
rowing, or resorting to the land money, so that the latter
fund might be distributed among the States. We might
thereby relieve the national and State governments from
embarrassment, and place American character and
. credit on their former basis. But when these results are
about to be produced by a tariff that is actually confeirmg
benefits instead of burdens on the community, is it not some-
thing worse than folly to repeal it?
To illustrate my view still further, Mr. Speaker, allow me
to put a case to the member from Ohio, [Mr. Duncan,]
which I have no doubt he will understand and feel the
force of. From the manner in which he lecturcd us on
the entrails of the coon, I take it he is a doctor. Is it not
so? [Mr. Duncan was understood to nod an assent.]
Then, suppose he had been practising on an individual for
four years, and that under his administration of medi-
cincs the disorder of the patient had increased daily; that he
had become more and move feeble,-until his dissolution
seemed at hand. When thus on the brink oi' the grave, he
is advised to change his physician, he does s>o, and at once
begins to lecover, regains his strength and spirits, and is
able to return to his former business. The gentleman then
meets him, and tells him that he is about to be ruined; that
the medicines he has been taking are too strong, have
cured him too suddenly, and thereby destroyed his consti-
tution; and recommends him to return to his prescription.
Would the gentleman expect the patient to follow his ad-
vicc* He does not think proper to answer my question. I
will answer it, by telling him that 1 am not willing to trust
him, and his party, who brought the country into such diffi-
culty. We expect to elect Mr. ('lay, and get into power
again in some twelve months; and if, after a trial till then, we
find the tariff needs alteration, those who originally made
it can modify it.
Having thus, Mr. Speaker, shown that the seveial frag-
ments of the democratic party have no common piinciples
in relation to the tariff, I shall proceed still further to sup-
port my orignal position, that they are kept together solely
oy the love ofofhee, by adverting to another question, which
has occupied more of our time than any -other during
the present session, viz: abolition, or the proper mode of
treating abolition petitions. The gentleman declared that
the wings were abolitionists, but he did not think it worth
while, it seems, to offer any proof on the point, contenting
himself with making a wholesale charge. [Mr. Duncan
here rose to explain ] Mr. Speaker, I have but a single hour
to answer the gentleman's two horns' speech, and I cannot
consent to give up any part of it to explanations. The
gentleman's own couise affords a lair lllustiation of that
of his party on this question. At the beginning of
the session, when the famous twenty-first rule was
under consideration for the first time, he dodged the
vote on it A ^ood deal having been said in the papers
about his so doing, he came in a few weeks afterwards, and
made a long speech against the rule, showing that it was
unconstitutional, inexpedient, and utterly mischievous.
On Tuesday of last week, however, when the House was
voting on it, lie dodged the question again, but on the next
day, upon the last vote taken, he came m and voted mjavor
of the tide. He has thus, during the present session, been
once against the lule, once in favor of it, and twice has he
dodged the vote.
When we look abroad over the countiy, Mr. Speakei,
how does his party stand on this question? Why, he knows
very well that, even in his own State, Morris, a late demo-
cratic senator in Congress, and Tappan, the present senator,
elected by the same party, are abolitionists. And in Mas-
sachusetts, Marcus Morton, their standing candidate for
governor, and the only man theyha\e ever been able to
elect in that State, is an ultra abolitionist; and, for that very
reason, selected by them to secure the votes of the aboli-
tionists. You remember, sir, what a shout of joy was
raised by the whole demorratic party, when it was ascer-
tained that he had gotten in by a single vote. And, sir,
the very resolutions from Massachusetts, which created
such excitement at the beginning of the session—the reso-
lutions, I mean, proposing to abolish slave representation in
this House—were passed by the first, and indeed the only,
democratic legislature that the party ever have had in that
State—and that, too, by a unanimous vote. Yes, sir, their
party signalized their first triumph in the State of Massa-
chusetts by passing these resolutions, which, if carried
out, would at once dissolve the Union. But the southern
members of the democratic party on this floor, espe-
cially my colleague, [Mr. Saunders,] endeavor to divert
public attention from that fact, by making patriotic speech-
es against the Hartford convention. They say that the
very proposition of these resolves had its origin in that
famous convention, and was one of its leading recommenda-
tions. Sir, I have no objections to this measure being
traced for its origin to that convention. That was a justly
odious body; and I should be pleased to see all propositions
to dissolve this Union traced to such a parent. But, taking
all this to be true, they cannot thus get out of the difficulty
in which they are involved. The Hartford convention pro-
duced this great political monster, as they denounce it to
be; and, after it had existed for more than a quaiterof a.
century, and its deformity had thereby become manifest to
all the world, their party, as soon as they came into power,
eagerly embraced, adopted it, and made it thus their own.
Let us look a little further. Garrison and Leavitt, editors
of the leading abolition papers at the North, as I am inform-
ed, attend the "Van Buren meetings, get resolutions
passed denouncing Mr. Clay as a slaveholder, and are es-
teemed good democrats.
Why, sir, what have we witnessed on this floor during
the present session? The leading speech against the twen-
ty-first rule, as it is commonly called, was made by a gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Bfaroslf.v], generally un-
derstood all over the North to be high in the confidence of
Martin Van Buren, and supposed to represent his views;
and the democratic papers in New York and elsewhere
claim great credit on this account for their party, saying
that this democratic Congress is opposed to the gag
rule of the whig Congress. Though our opponents
have two to one on this floor, yet when we get
them to a direct vote, the rule is defeatod by a large
majority. Out of near eighty democratic members, on this
floor fiom the free States, with all possible coaxing, they
can get only thirteen to vote in favor of the rule. How is it
with the southern wing of thepaity* Its members make
most vehement speeches in favor of the rule, declare that
the Union will be dissolved if it is abolished, and charge as
high treason all opposition to it. Do they complain of their
northern allies for deserting them on this all-important ques-
tion7 No, sir; there is too good an understanding between
them for this. But, in their speeches made for home con-
sumption, they give it out that this all-important rule is
likely to be defeated, because half a dozen whigs from the
South are against it. They are especially vehement m
their denunciation of me, and desire to make the impression
that its loss, if it should be rejected, is mainly to be attribu-
ted to my speech against it. I am pleased, Mr. Speaker, to
have au opportunity of alluding to this topic because, after
set speeches Inedbeen made against me daily for two months,
the party refused to allow me a single hour to replyThe
game which they have been playing oft' is seen through by
every body here, and it is getting to be understood in the
country. There was a time when gentlemen, by giving
themselves airs, and talking largely of southern lights in
connexion with this subject, were able to give themselves
consequence at home. But that day has passed. Its mock
tragedy has degenerated into downright farcc, and nobody
will be humbugged much longer m this way. But the mat-
ter is important in one respect. Nothing could moie fully
show the utter profligacy of the party, its total want of all
principle, than the course of its northern and southern
wings on this question They hope, however, by thus
spieading their nets, to drag in votes in both sections of the
Union, and thereby get into power.
Still fuither to creatc a prejudice against me individually^
they pretend that those members from the South who, in the
last Congress, opposed the rule, w ere defeated on that ac-
count; and Messis. Stanly and Botts were referred to. Now,
sir, my colleague, [Mr S^vndkks,] who was one of those
that endeavored to create this impression, knows very well
how Mr. Stanly was defeated. He knows very well that
the last legislature of our State, being a democratic one,
made a district purposely to defeat Mr. Stanly. They threw
into his district some fifteen hundred democratic votes, ma-
king, as they supposed, a clear majority of near one thou-
sand votes against him. He, however, gieatly reduced this
majority. Notwithstanding his opposition to the 21st rule,
he ran ahead of his party strength; and if the sword of Bien-
nus had not been thxown into the scale, Edward Stanly
would have been here on this floor, to defend his voles
against all assailants.
We come next to Mr. John INT. Botts. It would barely
be fair, would it, Mr. Speaker, for me to ask you, situated as
\ou are, how that mattei was? [The Speaker shook his
head, and smiled ] Then I will state what I understand to
be tin* facts. Theie, too, I have been informed that >our
party, who had the majority m the. legislature, took espe-
cial pains to have Mr. Boits left at home. They threw a
clear majority of some eight hundred votes against lnm in
the new district which they made, and how far w as it you
beat him? Some thirty-two votes, I think. I learn, fuither.
Y I consider it as due to myself to state that I have long
been thoroughly convinced that opposition to the reception
of abolition petitions, one form of which is the 21st rule, had
its origin in a political mancomre some eight or ten years
since A ceitam prominent Southern politician, seeing that
his course had tendered him unpopular geneially, sei/ed
upon this question to cieate excitement between the North
and the South and unite the South thereby into a political
part} , of w Inch he expected to be the head. Theic oie also
individuals ot the North who, though professing opposition
to the rule, are. in my opinion, really desirous of its contin-
uance, as a means of ptoducmg agitation in that quarter. A
portion of them entertain the hope that the excitement theie
may attain a sufficient height to enable them successfully
to invade the institutions of the South; hut the larger num-
ber are simply seeking to produce a strong piejudice in the
popular mind in the free States against southern institutions
and men, on which to base a political party strong enough
to control the offices of the country. Had an opportunity
been afforded me, it was my purpose to have adverted to
some facts in support of these opinions. Entertaining, my-
self, no doubt whatever of their correctness, there was but
one couise for me to take with respect to the existence of
the rule.
that, in those counties which belonged to his old district,
his majority was five hundred votes larger than it had ever
been before. Does this look as if his active opposition to
the 21st rule has weakened his strength or mmiiu^hed his
speed? If, however, it should be thought that the citizens
of the Old Dominion did not fully understand nis position,
and had not fairlj opened their eyes to the enormity of bis
course. I learn from him, as he is now here, contesting
your seat, that he is perfectly willing to try the matter ever
aSButmy colleague, [Mr. Saunders,] in the course nfhis
speech some time since, declared that he felt for my pain-
ful positioh, and that lie extended to me his sympathy, i
am infinitely obliged to him for his kind feelings, but I tell
him I have no need of his sympathy. I decline to take it.
Let him keep it for a worthier object and a more fitting
occasion. I tell him, Mr. Speaker, and I mean no dis-
respect to my colleague by the lemark, I would not change
places with him on ttiis question for a cabinet appointment
or a London mission to boot. My constituents know 1 do
not need his sympathy. Whatever opinion the} may enter-
tain of me in other respects, they know that I will not hesi-
tate to take any position that I regard as right, and that I
will not feel uncomfortable in that position. The gentle-
man also said, in the course of his speech, that the people ol
my section would not approve my course on this question.
If I have been correctly informed, this is not the first predic-
tion that that gentleman has made with reference to me. in
the year 1840 he canvassed our State for the office of gov-
ernor. I was also a candidate at that^ time, m a district
composed of several counties, for a seat in the State Senate.
We had some passages at arms; and I afterw ards heard that
he expressed the opinion that I would probably be beaten,
because I had gone out of my w ay to assail him.
[Mr. Saundlrs said it was a mistake. He had not made
such a declaration ]
I am glad of it, for the sake of the gentleman s reputation
as a prophet; for I not only beat my competitor moie than
two to one, but my constituents, in their geneiosity, gave
me a larger vote than any.one else has ever received m our
State for that station. But the gentleman, at least, did say
here that my constituents would not be pleased with my
course. This may oi may not be true. J may, perhaps be
beaten; but I shall not, at any rate, be beaten as Stanly and
Botts were. There can be no gerrymandering to affect me.
My district is unapproachable She stands alone in her
strength, and dreads no contact with the demociacy. On
the contrary, she courts it. She would gladly embrace m
either arm the two strongest democratic districts m the
State; and they would fall under that grasp, as did the col-
umns of the Philistine edifice before the strength of Sam-
TwiU make a prediction for my colleague. He will find
that the whigism of that district has lost none ot its spirit
since lfiJO. but that it exists in increased strength
and energy; and when November comes, the western re-
serve will send down from her mountains. s>uch a majority for
Harry of the West as will sweep unresisted ovei the old
Noith State.
I will now, Mr. Speaker, advert to another matter, with a
view of still further supporting the leading position with
which I set out—that the party is only governed by the nn- -
gle principle above stated. Whenever aiiy declaration of
principle is biought forward as a mere abstract proposition,
(and such things always come from the southern membeis,)
the whole party vote for it with great unanimity If, how-
ever, something practical comes up, any measures likely to
affect the interests of the community, the party at once di-
vides—the northern fragment voting in accordance with the
interests of their constituents, and abandoning their south-
ern biethren. There seems to be a tacit understanding
among them all, that every measure w Inch is effective lor
good or evil bhall be carried in accordance with the wishes
oi the northern members of the party, inasmuch as they are
best pleased with something tangible, substantial, real. In
consideration of getting the measures they want, they, by
an easy effort, stretch their understandings or consciences,
so as to actopt any mere abstract proposition that may sound
most pleasantly in the ears of their southern friends, who
have thus far, from their conduct at least, seemed to think
that they have the better side of the bargain, and appear
to be much delighted therewith
A distinguished modem French philusophei (M. Comte)
says that science exists in three stages. The Ht he 'de-
nominates the religious or supeistitious age, in which men
attidmte the effects they w itness to the direct agencj of su-
pernotutol beings. Progressing somewhat be\ond this,
they reach what he terms the metaphysical age,
during which they fashion in their minds abstract
creations, to whose agency they lefer the \anous
changes that are going on m the world 'I he third
stage, which he legards as the summit of our advancement,
he denominates the positive or practical, during the exist-
ence of which men analyze facts, and ascertain tiuth.
Talcing these definitions as* guides, it is obvious that a con-
siderable party in the country, having its main root m the
Stato of Virginia, but bianchmg into South Carolina and
some other States, has attained only this second or meta-
physical state, beyond which, in fact, it does not seem des-
tined to pass having made no progress whatever for many
year*. Its notions beai the same relation to sound political
science that the logic of Aristotle and the schoolmen does
to the Baconian philosophy of our day. With its memheis
theory is everything: wlule facts, instead ol being ' -..tub.
bom things,"1 arc accounted as nothing. When conten -
plating them, one is constant!} teminded of the ancient
philosopher, who desired to be blind, in order that he might
study natuie to advantage This M-rt, iorrnmg. as it does,
a laigo part of the southern wing of the democratic pattv,
is, from its mental constitution, therefore, constantly liable
to be imposed on, and is easily humbugged by its more cal-
culating and shrewder allies of the North. In the progress
of matter, we occasionally witness some veiy amusing
scenes. Von may remember, Mr. Speaker that on Monday
of last week, certain resolutions were offered to this
House, which, it seems, had been previously adopted at the
democratic convention which met at Baltimore in 1840, as
a pait of its creed, and which were supposed bj some per-
sons to occupy the veiy highest southern giound against
the tariff and abolition. These resolutions, being the veiy
