March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287'
Whig and Democratic principles—Mr. Clingman.
H. of Reps.
essence of abstraction itself, (that is, so general and vague
as to mean nothing at all,) passed this House with very
little opposition. On the .succeeding day we were called
upon to vote on the adoption of the v21st rule. Thereupon,
a gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Campbell,] for whom
1 entertain a high respect personally, callcd for the reading
of the resolution of the previous day on the subject of abo-
lition. The gentleman, and some others, seemed to think
that the part} w a*, concluded by the adoption of that resolu-
tion. and must of course, to bo consistent, vote for the rule.
Instead, however, of going for it unanimously, as they had
done for the resolution, jt was lost by a majority of twenty
votes. On such occasions there is sometimes a family jar.
The southerners complain of bad faith, while those from the
North insist that the South is too exacting; that they have
already, to oblige them, voted for many resolutions, the re-
collection even of which is most humiliating. The quarrel,
however, is easily reconciled. The northern democrats con-
sent to vote for the most abstract resolutions which south-
ern ingenuity can frame, and the parties shake hands and
are reconciled, as brethren should be. '
The result of tins practice I regard as most unfortunate
for the country. If public men and parties habitually pro-
fess doctrines which they have no purpose of carrying into
practice, it not only destroys the confidence of the commu-
nity m "politicians, out it corrupts the public morals,-and will
eventually end in the destruction of the government.
Having shown, Mr. Speaker, that on these important
questions tie (so called) democratic party is governed bv no
other principle than the one ascribed to it by Mr. Calhoun,
I will pioceed to the consideration of some other topics,
which will afford arguments not less cogent and convincing.
Let us look, m the first place, to its coursc on the sub-treas-
ury scheme. "When this measuie was first proposed by
Mr. Gordon, of Virginia, m the year 1S34, it was de-
nounced by the leading organs and politicians of
the paity as ' disorganizing and revolutionary, and subver-
sive of the fundamental pxactive of the government, from
its very origin,' and the whole of their folioweis with one
voice condemned it. As soon, however, as Van Buren be-
came President, m hi& very fiist message he lecommended
its adoption. Theieupon, the mass of the party shifted its
position, and at once came into the support of the very
measure which they had denounced. Indeed, no battalion,
under the order of its commander, on a parade day, ever
changed fronts more suddenly. What are we to think of
their adhesion to principle/ How very different was the
conduct of the whig party, when placed in a sinnlai emer-
gency. "When John Tyler came into office, he possessed
the confidence of the whole party. Ho suddenly abandoned
his principles, aud did that party follow him? No, sir: with
all the patronage of the government in his hands, he could
not carry off'"a corporal's guard.'' They clung only the
closer to their principles, and denounced him whom they had
but just elevated to power. Yet, sir, it required high intel-
lect and lofty patriotism to pass that fiery ordeal unscathed
History, m all its pages, affords no such example of devo-
tion to principle, manifested by an immense political mass,
as we exhibited on that occasion If the country evei had
doubts as to v, ho was most woithy of its confidence, the
lioble bearing of the great whig party in that tiymg emei-
gency was sufficient to dispel them. Those who held high
political stations in the administration all abandoned him
He therefore turned his attention to his former political ad-
vei&aries, and his piofleied embraces were not rejected,
lie had office to bestow, and they were the spoils party,
and few and short were the words of wooing. He found
himself at once m the bosom of the party, and most lov-
ingly did they move on together, until it became necessai)
to kill him off'for the benefit of a longer tiied and dearer
object of affection. Hence the denunciation that has been
heaped on John Tjlei by the Van Buren press.
This self-syled democratic party, in its efforts to at-
tain political power, stops at nothing—hesitates at noth-
ing. What have we witnessed, sir, during this very
session? Heretofore, several of the States of the Union
had adopted the general-ticket sj stem of electing icp-
resentatives to Congress. The result was, that the
members thus clected cea&ed to be the representa-
tives of the people, as the constitution intended them to lie,
and were in fact only representatives of irresponsible cau-
cuses of the dominant parties m each State. The last C'on-
giess, seeing that if this mode was persevered m, and gen-
erally adopted, a total ievolution would be effected in our
political system, in execution of a power expressly given
an the iedeial constitution, passed a law requiring that the
members should in future be elected from single distiicts.
"Whatever difference of opinion might exist as to the expe-
diency of this law, it was to have been hoped that at least
is would be obeyed by all till it was repealed by the same au-
thority that had passed it. Four States, however, in open
defiance of its provisions, elected their representatives by
general ticket. When they anived here, the dominant
party, to which thev all belonged but two, seeing that
the general ticket mode of election favored their view of
stripping the people of power, and centralizing it m the
hands of a few politicians, by means of the cacus system
which it called into play, admitted these individuals
to seats, as members on this floor, in direct viola-
tion oi the law of the land, thereby exhibiting the
monstrous example of the Jaw makers of a countij,
disregarding and nullify mg, and thus bringing into geneial
contempt their ov. n law s. I will not say, sir, that the mem-
bers of the majonty ma) not have believed themselves just-
ified, but I do declaie that no argument I have heard made
here, in defence of their course, w as in my judgment suffi-
ciently ingenious or plausible to have induced the dullest
jury I ever saw in an inferior court to acquit a defendant on
a State docket. Let me remind > ou, sir, of another part of
that transaction. After the resolution of the gentleman
from New Voik, [Mr. Barnard.} imbodymg the protest of
the whig members against the proceedings of the majority,
had been on the journal some days, and votes had been ta-
ken on it, according to all the principles of parliamentary
law, under which we were then acting, it was entitled to a
place on the journal. In addition to this was the binding
force of our federal constitution, which we had all taken an
oath to support, and which required us to keep a journal of
our proceedings, yet, -sir, because that protest contained
matter which condemned their course, and was on that ac-
count offensive to them, they coolly and delibeiately ex-
punged the w hole resolution and protest from the journal,
thereby making it tell a falsehood to our constituents and
to after ages.
It is not long, Mr. Speaker, since the members of this
same democratic party, happening to have a majority in the
Senate of the Tennessee legislature, for two whole years
refused to join in the election of senators to Congress, leav-
ing their State thereby wholly unrepresented, and thus vio-
lating the constitution w hich thev had sworn to support, be-
cause they feared that whigs might be elected. If this
were only the act of that most ignominious "thirteen," it
would not be worthy of notice here, but their partv, through-
out the Union, instead ofjoming the whigs m denouncing
such a lawless act, generally defended and applauded it, as
an evidence of their devotion to their party. Even the Dorr
rebellion is patronized by this same party. Thomas W.
Doir, puihaps the greatest coward chronicled in history,
with a b/ind of hired ruffians fiom the citv of New York,
without a shadow of right, invades the gallant little State of
Rhode Island w ith a view of overturning the constitution,
and .making himself masier of affairs. Her brave citizens
take arms to defend their government; and Mr. Dorr, on
both occasions, leaves lus army and runs awav the night
before he expects a fi^ht to take place. His followers be-
ing disheartened, and finding that they are likely to get
more of blows than of the booty promised them, surrender,
i et this Door, and his followers, deserving nothing but de-
testation for their wiekedness, and foi their cow aidice still
more contemptible than they are wicked, find advocates and
eulogists in both Houses of Congiess, as well as through-
out the countn , among the leaders of the locofoco party;
and the moral sense of the countiy is shocked by hearing
them compared to Washington and the heioes of 'our ievo-
lution.
What do they think of repudiation itself' A State bor-
rows money, and use it, < nd s-ho afterwards refuses to pay
the debt, and repudiates it, and this monstious doctiine, in-
stead of being everywhere denounced, instead of being met
bv one univcisal shout of excciation, is in some quaiteis ex-
cused and defended 1 lejoice, however, that no whig can
be numbered among its apologists If there was such an
individual m our lanks. I should desire to see him at once
expelled from the party It is a question about which I,
foi one, cannot consent to teraponze. With the opinions
J hold, it would be criminal m me not to denounce it
on all proper occasions. It is a cancer in our sys-
tem, which, if not removed, will destroy our na-
tional character, and everything else winch we ought most
to value. Important as is chaiacter to individuals, it is still
more so to States When n people have lost all sense of na-
tional honor, the immutable laws of Providence forbid them
to be an\ thing but slaves.
And, sir. members of the party which has performed, de-
fended, and applauded oil these thing*, undeitake to lcctuie
us on morals, and expto-s great apprehension lest the coun-
try should be eonupted b\ < l;j) banners and whig songs.
But I will pui sue tliis pd.it of the subject no farther. The
iacts i have Mreody adverted to are sufficient to satisfy eve-
rj nnpaitial mind of the truth of the proposition, that the
leaders of this pait> are united onlj lor the purpose of car-
rj mg elections and obtaining offtcc, and are held together
solely by the "cohesive power of public plunder.*
I will now pioceed, Mr. Speaker, lo remaiks on some
other topics introduced by the gentleman from Ohio. It is
insisted that justice lequnes the icstoration of Mi. Van Bu-
ren to office. He u?es the argument himself substantially
in his letters, and his lnends generally make it their strong-
est point. The argument, btiUly slated, is this: He was
ejected from office in 1840 by means of the charges and de-
nunciations biought against him by the whigs. The de-
mocracy was thereby wronged, humiliated, and de-
graded, in his person and bv his sufferings. Justice
to the injured feelings and wounded spirit" of that de-
mocracy requiies thai he should be lestored to office.
Well, sir, if this argument be sound, it applies with
equal foice to Richard M Johnson, the vice-President,
who was put out with Mr. Van Buien. It covers, too, an
immense multitude who were denounced and driven out by
us. Swartwoul, Bo\-l, Ilams, the whole army of delault-
teis, hove the same reason to complain of w lug denuncia-
tion andexpuhion Yen remember sir, how numeious
thev were: out of sixn-odd land receivers, about fifty
pioved doloulters to ryy nothing of the other branches of
the government Thev luive all been kept out of office, in
fact, I believe we have not had a .single defalcation in the
thiee years since Mr. Van Buitn «v ent out. These men have
strong claims, nndci this ai<uiment, to be restored to their
former privileges and immunities.
And aie not its measuies as dear to the party as its men7
If ?o, the argument applies to them too, and jou must re-
store the large expenditures and the army bill.
The ghost of the sub-treasury which we denounced more
and killed oft' sooner than anv thing else, might sialk ovei
the land hauntiner the democrat) , if it were not restored to
its former pride of place.
Bv-tlie-by, "Mr Speaker, I should like to mature of the
gentleman fiom Ohio, 0° to what has become of his propo-
sition to re-establish this sub-troa«ury scheme' At an early
day of the session he introduced a resolution instructing
the committee to report a bill for that purpose. This reso-
lution was adopted by the House by a vote of nearly two lo
one, all the party going for it Two or three months have
elapsed, and yet w e have no repoit Is it not to be brought
forward' [Mr Dc%'. ap. here interposed, and said it would.]
I have no doubt the gentleman expects it to be brought up:
but, sir, I have henid it suggested that the knowing ones of
the party think this on mjndicous move, and that the /,eal
of that member outran his discretion. They think, proba-
bly, that it i« inexpedient for the party to show its hand on
this question till after the presidential election is over.
The gentleman's part} have a large majority on that
committee, and I wi«h to know of them why they do not
report? It cannot be that they have not been able to frame
a bill in all this time. It was only necessary for them to
copy from the statute book the old sub-treasury act. Are
they afraid that the skeleton of the dead monster will
frighten the nation7 Or they only keeping it back till after
the Virginia election is over? I call upon them to give us ;
a report. It is an issue of their own making, and I am for
holding them to it.
But the nation is called upon to reverse the decision of
1840, rendered against Martin Van Buren. And when the
people, who gave that verdict, after a most patient investi-
gation, ask him and his friends for new evidence on which
to base that leversal, what is the reply they get from the
member from Ohio, and others of the party? "Ask us for
new evidence: Yon know that you rendered a false verdict,
because you were bribed to it with British gold. Your
heads were turned with whig songs; and some you were
drunk on hard cider!'" Do they really suppose that Amer-
ican freemen are already so much humbled as to be willing
to make these degrading confessions? that they can be
driven by such a course of argument either to stultify them-
selves, or admit that they have acted corruptly?
The member from Ohio says he endorses the complaint
made this morning by a gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Paynk,] that whig songs have been sent off through the
post office. I have learned, from a source entitled to full
credit, that the members of their party have, within the
last week, sent off' some fifty thousand copies of a single
document. And what important communication, Mr.
Speaker, would you suppose they are sending abroad,
to enlighten the ' nation ? A pamphlet professing
to give an account of Mr. Clay's duels, from
the Expositor- office, written, it is said, by Amos
Kendall. This old ingrate, after having spent a life
of wickedness, is, it seems, now seized with qualms of con-
science, has become exceedingly righteous, and seeks to
atone for his past crimes by writing and publishing libels
on his former benefactor—an instrument most worthily se- .
lected for so foul a purpose. And who are the pious per-
sons that are engaged m circulating it' Almost every indi-
vidual among them is i supporter and eulogist of General
Jackson—a man who not only fought more duels than Mr.
Clay, but who had the misfortune, on one occasion at least,
to kill his antagonist. They number among their promi*
nent men in Congress more than one individual who has
been concerned m duels. Well may we tremble for the
morals of the country when such Phaiisees become our
teacheis of virtue and religion. They say, lam told, that
it will not do to circulate these things at the South, but they
are sent by thousands to Connecticut, a land of "steady
habits." Have they so low an opinion of the sagacity of the
people there as to suppose that by such a shallow artifice,
such barefaced hypocricy, they can divert their attention
fiom the great issues involved in the coming elections9
The gentleman laments that the whigs will not show their
hands, and that he cannot find out what their principles are.
He undertakes to make speeches to enlighten the country on
political matters, and not know what are the principles of
the whig party! Why, sir, there is hardly a man in my dis-
trict that could not inform him fully on this point. After
this confession, on his part, I am not surprised that he
should have thrown out so many absurd doctrines. In or-
der that ho may no longer wander in Egyptian darkness, I
will endeavor to inform him as to some of the leading whig
principles: First, as mere matters of policy, we are general-
ly in favor of a taiiif, fetich I have indicated already. With
respect to the public lands, we are averse to seeing their
proceeds go to support the ordinary expenses of this gov-
ernment; and we are utterly opposed to that policy which
finds so much favor with the gentleman's party—that is, a
surrender of them to the States in which they lie; but we
desire to see their proceeds distributed among all the States,
to relieve some of them from heavy taxation; to enable
them to maintain their honor by discharging the debts they
have already incurred, and to aid all of them m diffusing
the benefits of education generally among their citizens.
We also hold it to be the duty of the government to fur-
nish a sound currency, of uniform value throughout the
Union, by means of a well regulated and closely guarded
national institution, which may, on the one hand, relieve
us from the evils of an exclusive metallic currency, and
on the other protect us from the mischiefs of a fictitious,
bloated, paper currency, of unequal value 111 different
sections, created by a multitude of ill-managed, unsound,
local banks. Weaie, as a party, opposed to such a profli-
gate system of expenditures as the country witnessed under
Martin Von Buren's administration, and in favor of holding
public officers to strict accountability. Upon all these
questions of policy the whigs are united, with very few ex-
ceptions. But there are some great cardinal principles
which we cherish with entire unanimity, and which I will
attempt briefly to unfold. The gentleman declared that ours
was the federal party. Does he not know that Jamts
Buchanan, the individual he eulogizes so highly, and w ho
was but lately held up as a candidate for the presidency in
several States by his party, was an ultra fedeialist, accord-
ing to his own admission, until very lately? Is he
not aware that a countless number of the members
of his party formerly belonged to the old federal
ranks7 Perhaps he may say that these individuals have
changed their views, and that this circumstancc is not a
conclusive test. So be it, then. But I will not take the dec-
larations of him and his party as affording any evidence of
their democracy. No one in common life would determine
the principles of a man simply by his professions, but he
would look to conduct, as furnishing a much surer test.
U hat were the principles of the old federal party in the
\ear 1800' They thought the executive branch of the gov-
ernment m that dav too weak, and endeavored to enlarge
the powers of the President This was supposed to be their
caidmal punciple, and they sought to strengthen the Piesi-
denf and diminish the privileges of the people. Some of the
means they used to effect this object were the sedition law,
the increase of the army and navy, and an enlargement of
the expenditures of the government, so as to mcxease the -
patronage of the President, and thus indirectly add to his
power. The republicans of that daj-, believing that the
government had already power enough, resisted these
measures.
The contest, therefore, rested on the same principles on
which was based the struggle between the whig and tory
parties in England. There, the tories have ever been found
on the side of the crown, struggling to increase its preroga-
tives and enlarge its powers, so as gradually, unless resist-
ed, to convert the government into a despotism But the
whigs have eyer been the champions of popular rights, and.
