&LORE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE,
28th Cong 1st Sess.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1844.
Volume 13....No 18.
[Continued from-No. 17.]
Mr. DOUGLASS obtained the floor at half-past 7
o'clock.
Several gentlemen suggested an adjournment, and
that motion was made; on which the yeas and nays
were called for and taken, and they resulted as fol-
lows—yeas 76, nays 39.
So the House adjourned, at 8 o'clock.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed, to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. BRODHEAD: Two petitions signed by
80 citizens of Carbon county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the pass ^ge of a law exempting all boats em-
ployed in the domestic coal trade, propelled by ani-
mal or steam power, from paying coasting licenses:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. JOHN STEWART: Petition of S. B.
Stone and 7 other captains of steamboats navigating
Long Island sound, praying Congress to erect a
light-house on the southwest ledge at the entrance of
New Haven harbor: referred to the Committee on
Commerce. Also, the petition of Gen. Seth Over-
ton, of Connecticut, praying Congress for a pension
for services and losses incurred during the revolu-
tionary war: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
By Mr. HARPER: Petition of Lyman Warner
and 67 other citizens of Muskingum county, Ohio,
praying for retrenchment in the expenditures of the
general government.
By Mr. HAMLIN: Petition of Henry Little and
E. L. Ilamlin and 725 others, citizens of Bangor
and vicinity, Maine, for a reduction of the rates of
postage.
By Mr. BUgFINGTON: Petition of Joseph Fair
and 64 others, citizens of Butler county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for the construction of a national road,
from the Cumberland road, by way of the arsenals
at Pittsburg and Meadville, to the harbor of Erie.
Also, the petition of Robert Brown and 2G others,
citizens of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a reduction of postage.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: Petition of R. B. Slo-
cumb and numerous others, citizens of Wayne coun-
ty, Illinois, praying the grant of the refuse lands in
the Shawneetownand Palestine land districts in said
State, and the lands in the Vincennes district,
for the improvement of the navigation of the great
Wabash river: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BLACKWELL, from Tennessee, with-
drew from the files the memorial of Wm. King
and Thomas Rowland, asking pay for services ren-
dered mgovernment during the late war.
By Mr. ALBERT SMITH: Petition of Walter
Howard and 34 others, citizens of Wyoming coun-
ty, New York, praying for a reduction of postage,
and a limitation of the franking privilege.
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: Petition of Charles
Gillam and 224 citizens of Green county, Indiana,
asking a donation of refuse lands to complete the
Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio river.
Byjytr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT: Petition of
Grajjfcj. Coakley and 146 other citizens of Vigo
coum^lndiana, praying that the Congress of the
United States would reduce the amount of postage
upon letters: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Iloads. Also, the petition of Thus.
11. Clarke and other citizens of Putnam county, In-
diana, asking for a portion of the vacant lands of the
Vtn^enn^w land district. Indiana, or of the Palestine
and Shawneetown district, Indiana, to l>e given for
the improvement of the rapids of the Wabash river:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By. Air. UOUINSON: Resolutions and proceed-
ing adopted by the citizens of Oswego, New
York, at their annua! town meeting, recommending
further appropriations to complete the public works
already commenced m that place: and also the peti-
tion of 750 citizens of that place, praying Congress
to make an appropriation to improve the piers in
said place.
By Mr. G. W. .TONES- Petition of Sarah Black-
mail for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pension?. Petition of the members of
the bar at Lewisburg, Tennessee, asking for the
publication of the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
By Mr. DAWSON: Petition of Chas. Lee and
Geo. W. Goldman, citizens of parish, La., for
confirmation, as joint proprietors of a certain tract of
land fronting on the Mississippi river, known or
designated as lots No. 4, 5, 8, 7, and 8, of township
10, range 11 east, in the district north of Red river,
State of Louisiana, &e.. Also, a petition to confirm
Elizabeth Burris, her heirs or assigns, in title to a
tract of land, &c. Also, the claim of Fielding Brown
for a pension. Also, the petition of Robert Clark,
of West Baton Rouge, Louisiana, for confirmation
of the northwest quarter section, No. 4, township G,
and range 11, &c.
By Mr. WILLIAM WRIGHT: Petition, sign-
ed by 126 of the citizens of Jersey city, New Jer-
sey, praying Congress to enact a law withholding
for the future all spirit rations from the navy of the
United States.
By Mr. SLIDELL: The memorial of the sur-
viving volunteers and militia who assisted in the de-
fence of New Orleans in 1814 and 1815.
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of John Burtis,
and 94 others, citizens of Vandenburgh and Posey
county, Indiana, praying Congress for a grant of
the unsold land in the Vincennes land district, to
complete the whole line of canal from Lake Erie to
the Ohio river, at Evansville. Also, the memorial
of William Johnson, and 50 others, citizens of Da-
vies county, Indiana, upon the same subject.
Mr. DANA withdrew from the files of the House
the papers of Amos Daniels, and they were referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions; and pre-
sented the petition of 119 citizens of Ulysses,
Tompkins county, N. Y., praying a reduction in
the rates of postage, and the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 14, 1844.
Mr. SEMPLE presented the proceedings of a
public meeting of the citizens of Alton, Illinois, and
its vicinity, accompanied by a memorial of the le-
gislature of Illinois, on the subject of the extension
of the national road through that State, and to cross
the Mississippi at Alton: referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from Jacob
Little, and other citizens of Ohio, praying the repeal
of so much of the post office law as requires those
connected with the mail service to labor on the sab-
bath: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also presented a memorial from the officers and
crew of the steamer Missouri, praying that Con-
gress will make them some remuneration for prop-
erty lost by the burning of that vessel: referred to
the Committee on Naval AtXaiis.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from John
H. Roebhng, civil engineer, in favor of the substitu-
tion of wire rope in the place of hemp rope for the
standing rigging of vessels of war: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a preamble and joint
resolutions of the legislature of Pennsylvania, re-
questing the representatives from that State to use
their influence to procure the passage of a lav.' ma-
king immediate provision for the repair and comple-
tion of the works in the harbor of Erie, Pennsylva-
nia: referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Jacob Moser and others, of the city and county of
Philadelphia, asking for an appropriation for the
construction of a dry dock at the port of Philadel-
phia: referred to the Committee on Naval Afkiirs.
Also, the memorial of Robert McG uire, a citizen
of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, asking
compensation for injuries and losses sustained by
him while a captive of the Indians during the war:
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial from A. F.
Crittenden and 318 citizens of Memphis, Tennessee,
asking for a grant of land for the completion of the
national thoroughfare between the lakes and the
Ohio, by the improvement of the navigation of the
Wabash river: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from R. H.
McGoon, praying that a certain sum of money, re-
covered from him by the United States, through a
judgment rendered against him, in default of his ap-
pearance in court, may be refunded; referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of the executors of Samuel Ball, for the
payment of a sum of money loaned the United
States, during the revolution; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the petition of
Robert Barclay, and documents in relation thereto.,
relative to a private land claim, were ordered to be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims; and the petition of Moses
Archer for a pension, was ordered to be taken from
the files, ana referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill to
repeal the act entitled "An act to amend the act of
10th March, 1838," entitled "An act changing the
time of holding the circuit and district courts in
the district of Ohio.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the Committee on
Claims was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petitions of Robert Perkins and Joseph
W. Low, and they were referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, the bill reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, some days
since, for the relief of Mark Simpson, was taken
up, and recommitted to that committee.
Mr. HENDERSON, on leave, introduced a bill
further regulating the costs and fees accruing on
suits prosecuted in the district and circuit courts of
the United States: read twice, and referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to repeal part of an act
entitled "An act to annex a part of the State of
New Jersey to the collection district of New York;
to remove the office of collector of Niagara to Lew-
istown; to make Cape St. Vincent, in the district of
Sackett's Harbor a port of delivery; and, out of the
district of Miami'and Mississippi, to make two new
districts, to be called the district of Sandusky and
Teche; and for other purposes," approved March 2d,
1811; which bill was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. II. from the same Committee, to which was
referred the resolution of the Senate directing that
committee to inquire into the expediency of repeal-
ing the existing law which allows the collectors of
customs three months to give bond and security
for the faithful discharge of their office, reported a
bill for that purpose; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made an adverse report on the petition of
George W. Cummings for a pension; which was or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on NavM
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
Samuel Thompson; which was ordered to he on the
able and be printed.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
licsoh-ed, that the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate copies of the report
made to' that department as to the best means of
improving the navigation of the Oiiio rivei at the
fells.
Mr. MERRICIC presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Maryland, praying for the
establishment of a mail route in Anne Arundel
county, in that State: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Indiana, praying for a grant of the refuse,
land in the old Vincennes district, to complete the
Wabash and Erie canal to Evansville, on the Oh.q
rivi; and
