m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. IIANNEGAN presented fire memorials,
signed by 711 citizens of that State, of like prayer;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
THE FINE BILL.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the Senate resumed
the consideration, as in committee of the whole, of
the bill to restore to General Jackson the fine im-
posed on him at New Orleans.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE expressed, at considerable
length, his views in opposition to the doctrine of in-
struction; and explained his reasons for not voting
in conformity with the desire of the legislature of
his State. In conclusion, he stated that the amend-
ment of the Finance Committee having been reject-
ed by the Senate, he could not vote for the bill in its
original form.
There being no further proposition to amend the
bill, it was reported to the Senate.
Mr. HUGER said he was very glad there was no
disposition on the part of any member of the Sen-
ate to impute to Judge Hall any improper conduct.
He had been a fellow-townsman of Judge Hall,
who was a lawyer of character in South Carolina
when he (Mr. H.) commenced the study of law.
He was not intimate with him; but the community
in which Judge Hall lived considered him, till the
day of his death, incapable of doing anything dis-
reputable to his character; as an honorable and up-
right man. That he was wrong in this instance, he
(Mr. H.) never had doubted. He, as well as the
whole world, was surprised that General Jack-
son, under the peculiar circumstances of the war,
was able to make such a defence as he did at
the battle of New Orleans. If the question were
now put, Would we have New Orleans defended as
it was? we would say, Yes; that General Jackson's
conduct was correct. He effected much more than
was anticipated. In regard to the conduct of Judge
Hall, he (Mr. H.) disapproved of it; but he spoke
of his memory with every sentiment of respect;
and, if he now had the power of erasing from his-
tory an act that was done thirty years since—if
Judge Hall were living, and such a lapse of time
had not taken place—he would not exercise that
power. It presented to the public mind one of the
best moral pictures recorded in modern history.
There was General Jackson, the conqueror of the
conqueror of kingdoms, returning to New Orleans,
and presenting himself at the feet of justice, and
bo\ving to the supremacy of the law. This was a
moral picture more venerable, in his mind, than the
victory achieved at New Orleans itself. The moral
was much more important; and he trusted that, to
the end of time, it would not be forgotten.
Mr. PORTER said that he stood in the same
category with his honorable colleague—having
been instructed by three successive .legislatures of
his State to vote to refund this fine, with interest;
that his action in this body heretofore would show
that he had voted in accordance with those repeated
expressions of the^legislative will, and but for the vote
by which the Senate had rejected the amendment,
having only for its object to shield the memory of
Judge Hall from obloquy, he should now do as he
had done before. He believed a majority of the
people of Michigan—and a large one, too—indeed the
people of the united States, desired the adjustment
the adjustment of this matter, as a just pecuniary
claim, founded on services which were attended by
consaquences glorious to the army of the United
States, and resulting in the protection of an impor-
tant point on the seaboard during the late war, from
the ravages of an invading enemy. That whatever
irrogularities might have been committed by him m
arresting, for a time, the civil arm, the motive was
patriotic; and he had e^iated his offence for the
violence offered to Judge Hall, by not only submit-
ting to the judgment pronounced against him, and
paying the penalty, but by arresting the indignant
feelings of an excited soldiery, whose idol he was
for the time being, as their triumphant military
leader.
With this amendment, he should have voted for
the bill, by way of giving pecuniary indemnity—not
to efface any supposed stain on the name of General
Jackson. There was no stain to wipe away. His-
tory has faithfully chronicled this event. It was
there recorded'that both the judge and the general
had acted to the best of their judgment, from proper
motives. He accorded with much that had fallen
from the senator from Tennessee yesterday, in rela-
fjon to the declarations made at th$ Mine by General ,
Jackson himself, which exonerated Judge Hall
from any imputation whatever; but because this bill,
in its present form, would imply that his decision
was wrong, he (Mf. P.) could not vote for it. He
did not say that he would vote against it; but he
certainly would not vote for it without the amend-
ment proposed by the Judiciary Committee.
The question now being, "Shall the bill be read a
third time?"
Mr. SEVIER demanded the yeas and nays on
that question. They were ordered, and taken, and
the result was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Bar-
row, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Fairfield, Foster,
Francis, Fulton, Hannegan, Haywood, Henderson, Huger,
Jarnagin, King, McDuffle, Mangum, Rives, Semple, Sevier,
Sturgeon, Taumadge, Tappan, Walker. Woodbury, and
Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Dayton, Evans, Huntington, Merrick, Miller,
Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Upham, and Woodbridge—16.
So the bill was ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. WALKER hoped there would be no objec-
tion to the reading of the bill the third time then.
Mr. PEARCE objected. He was not certain
whether he would make any remarks on the bill;
but he preferred that it should lie over till to-mor-
row.
The CHAIR said the objection of the senator
from Maryland would not necessarily carry the
bill over till to-morrow—it having received a second
reading on another day.
The question was then put whether the bill should
be read a third time instanter, and decided in the
affirmative.
The bill was then read the third time and passed,
in the form in which it came from the other House.
pea patch island.
The Senate then took up for consideration the bill
to settle the title to the Pea Patch island—the ques-
tion pending being the motion of Mr. Tappan to
recommit the bill, with instructions so to modify it
as to refer the question of title to the United States
courts for decision.
Mr. BAYARD, after proposing some trifling ver-
bal amendments, which were agreed to, moved that,
in the third section and thirteenth line, the word
'■actually" should be inserted after the word ex-
penses; and that in the same line, after the word
"incurred," should be inserted the words "and
paid by them;" so that it should read, "expenses
actually incurred and paid by them."
Mr. KING wished to know to what extent this
amendment would go. It was sometimes the case
that claimants to property agreed to give their law-
yers, if successful, one-half of the whole amount
received. Now, if such promises were made by
the claimants tn this instance, he asked whether
government would be liable for the payment of all
such fees promised.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment is wholly re-
trospective, and does not provide for any such pay-
ment-
Mr. DAYTON. No fees of the charaeter de-
scribed by the senator from Alabama could be raised
or sought under the amendment.
Mr. McDUFFIE did not think the bill sufficient-
ly guarded in its direction to arbitrators. He,
therefore, moved as an amendment the insertion of
a clause directing the arbitrators to ascertain and ad-
judicate on the value of Pea Patch island in 1813,
considered as private property.
Mr. PHELPS could not concur with the amend-
ment proposed. This bill, if passed at all, would
be passed under an arrangement binding on both
parties; but if, by the introduction of such amend-
ment, it is made a different bill from that agreed on,
then one party is released from all conditions, and
the arrangements entered into become null and void.
Although he acknowledged the principle of the
amendment equitable, he could not vote for it until
convinced that it would not break the arrangements
proposed by the bill.
Mr. DAYTON took the same view as the senator
from Vermont. The amendment would not cer-
tainly affect the frame work of the bill, but that
bill was prepared under arrangements which the
amendment was calculated to alter; and, if altered,
it would not be accepted by one of the parties. He
hoped the amendment would not be pressed.
Mr. CLAYTON was of opinion that the amend-
ment was immaterial. He did not think it would
meet the intentions of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina. If that Senator examined the bill,
he would see that the amendment would not effect
what heproposed. The passage or rejection of the
bill was to him, personally, a matter of perfect in-
difference. His opinions on it were well known.
He did not think the claimants had any title more
than himself. While up, he took the opportunity,
in consequence of having heard it remarked that the
appointment of the arbitrator was in opposition to
his wishes, to say, such was not the case. He (Mr.
C.) was the individual who nominated Mr. Binney,
and it was on his nomination that both parties
agreed to nominate him.
Mr. McDUFFIE agreed that the amendment
would make no substantial difference in the bill, but
he thought it his duty to obviate the possibility of
government being done injustice to. Extreme cau-
tion should be used, as government was in this
affair wholly unrepresented. If the amendment
would not alter the substance of the bill, he hoped
that no Senator would object to its reception.
Mr. BAYARD said, it was not for a moment
contemplated by the bill, to estimate the value of
Pea Patch island as public property. Its value in
1813 was all that was looked for; but although he did
not think the amendment at all requisite, yet he
should not oppose its reception. On the contrary,
as it was proposed, he would recommend its pass-
ing; as, if rejected, that fact would be used hereafter
as an argument against the measure.
Mr. DAYTON thought the amendment, if ear-
ned, would effect the release of one of the parties.
If the gentleman from South Carolina would look
into the construction of the bill, he would perceive
that it was scarcely necessary to adopt his amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD considered the Senator from New
Jersey mistaken in his opinion as to the effects the
amendment would have, either on the bill or the par-
ties concerned. Both parties a^rree to go before a
tribunal of mutual selection; and, once before that,
they are bound by its decision. Until a reference
is entered into , the bill goes for nothing; so there
was no occasion to dread the release of one party
by the amendment. At all events, government
cannot lose, being protected by the agreement filed
by the claimants in the War Depv.rtijient.
Mr. BAGBY was satisfied the bill ought not to
pass. The principle of it was vastly and fundamen-
tally wrong. If there was any case beyond anoth-
er that should be decided by a judiciary tribunal, it
was "this. He would not then go into its merits,
but would move that it be laid on the table to be
Called up to-morrow.
The bill was then laid on the table till to-morrow
On motion of Mr. BARROW, the further orders
of the day were postponed for the purpose of
taking up the Senate bill No. 41, making an ap-
propriation of $2,000 for the survey of the mouth
of Red river, with a view of removing the obstruc-
tions to its navigation in connexion with the Missis-
sippi river.
The bill being taken up, as in committee of the
whole,
Mr. BARPJDW observed that he felt it to be his
duty to explain the nature of the proposition. Some
six or seven years since, an officer in the employ-
ment of the general government (Captain Shreve)
caused a cut-off to be made below the mouth of the
Red river, as it was presumed, under the sanction
and authority of the government. Since that time
(the waters of Red river being partly diverted
through that cut-off) the current which flowed
through the regular channel into the Mississippi
had been so diminished that it was not able, as
formerly, to keep the mouth of the river clflBfrom
deposites of mud and sand. In fact, the 11IR of
the river, before open for free navigation from thp
Mississippi into Red river, or from the latter into
the former, had been filled up by the overflowing of
the Mississippi in times of high freshets, and by a
consequent aeposite of mutl and sand, forming a
bar across the mouth of Red river. Foraconsiderable
portion of the year, boats cannot pass up or down
the mouth of Red river, the channel not affording
more than two feet of water. The navigation is,
thorefore, destroyed during that part of the year,
between New Orleans and the upper part of Lou-
isiana and Arkansas. This was a matter of the
utmost importance feo the State of Louisiana; and so
strongly was the necessity impressed on the legis-
lature of taking immediate steps for arresting the
evil, that an appropriation of §10,000 was made for
providing a dredging machine to remove the ob-
struction at the mouth of the Red river. Whether
the appropriation had been so applied or not, he
had not learned; but sure he was that the expense
