Jan. 1844.
appendix to The congressional gt,ohf!.
284
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Harbors—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
it high above the tumult, above the dust, and out of danger.
And, with the favor of Providence, under its folds we shall
win anothei victory not less brilliant and glorious than that
of 1840, and I trust lar nchei in its benefits to the countiy.
SEEECH OF ME. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO,
In the Home of Representatives, January, 12, 1844.—Upon the
improvement of the harbors on the northern and western
lakes.
Mr GIDDINGS remarked, that the subject now under
consideration, having reference to that commeffce from
which we derive our revenue for the support of govern-
ment, is important, and therefore entitled to our attentive
consideration. We are (said he) bound to examine it care-
fully, and to act upon it with deliberation; and I am happy
in bearing testimony to the candor and ability manifested
thus far during the discussion. The whole debate has been
interesting to me, and will be so to the people whom I rep-
resent. They are deeply interested in the improvement of
■our lake harbors; and their eyes are now turned toward us,
with the hope and expectation that those great interests
•connected w ith the navigation of these lakes are no longer
to be neglected. The claims of our eastern and our south-
western rivers have been laid before us with great ability
and force; and it appears to be expected that the interest
connected with the commerce of the lakes will be brought
to the consideration of the committee by some of the mem-
bers representing commercial districts ol that section.
i desire to repeat, however, what I have heretofore said
on this floor, that we come herewith no spirit of sectional
interest; such as has been imputed to some gentlemen who
have preceded me m this discussion. No, Air. Chairman, we
ask for ourselves nothing which we are unwilling to giant
to every other portion of the Union holding equal claims.
We demand justice at the hands of government, and ask for
nothing more; and that, we are willing to extend to every
portion of the Union Our motto is "equal justice to all;
partiality to none." These are the sentiments of our peo-
ple, so far as I understand them. They desire us to look
over the whole I'nion, to maintain and support the
constitutional rights of all, and to neglect the constitution-
al interests ol none.
This system ol protecting our commerce had it origin at
the adoption ol our present constitution. The, first Congress
that assembled under it made appropriations from the pub-
lic treasury for protecting the commerce of the nation.
The sjstem thus adopted was subsequently followed, until
our Atlantic coast from Nova fccptia to Texas has been pro-
vided with light-houses, beacon-lights, seawalls, buoys,
breakwaters, embankments, floating lights, and other com-
mercial facilities. Our seamen in foreign countries are pro-
vided for, and every encouragement and protection is given
to those engaged in the Atlantic trade. And, sir, we rejoice
that these encouragements are thus given to the commer-
cial interests of the East and South. But while w e cheer-
fully contribute our wealth and influence to support, main-
tain, and piotects the interests of our Atlantic friends, we de-
mand of them m return the same generous support of our
lake commerce. I am, howevei, uwaie that our friends
at the K,a;t and at the South are not conscious of the import-
ance of that commerce, m which the Northwest and West
are so deep%' interested. It has been brought into existence,
and has grown to its present importance, while their atten-
tion has been solely directed to the Atlantic. Our settle-
ments have gradually extended along the southern shores
of lakes Ontario, Erie, St. Clair, Huron, Michigan, and Su-
perior. A large portion of the country along these borders
has become densely peopled with an enterprising and indus-
trious population. That vast country, extending from west-
ern New York to Wisconsin, which our eastern and south-
ern friends have been accustomed to regard as an almost
unbroken wilderness, contains millions of people, whose
whole commercial transactions are effected by the aid of
lake navigation.
This commercc has come into existence so suddenly that
T do not wonder that gentlemen are unconscious of its ex-
tent. The time when the American flag first floated upon Lake
Erie is within the recollection of many members of this
House, and almost within that of my own. In 1796, the
schooner Detroit, of seventy tons, was launched upon the
waters of that lake. This was the first American vessel that
ever floated upon that inland sea. In 1797, Smother schooner,
of about the same size, was brought out And the number has
gradually increased, until at this time there are probably not
less than four hundred ships, brigs, sloops, schooners, and
steamboats floating upon our lakes. The first steamboat
was launched at BuiKilo m 1813. There are now si\ty-four
employed on those western waters Mam of them are laige
and splendid slnps, of live or si\ hundred tons burden
The harbor at ( lev eland—that most beautiful citv of the
West—as late as was scarcely accessible during <i por-
tion of the vear with ordinarv boots an consequence of the
sand bar which formed across" the mouth of the river during
the summer and autumn months. In its exports w ere
iieai 1} seven miliums of doliais, and its mipotfs neatly six.
The number of arrivals from foreign ports, during the ye,ir
post, has been one hundred and eighty-four, and thecleai-
ances for foreign ports one hundred and seventy-six. The
Cuvahogu district owns 0,386 tons shipping, and employs
560*men in its management. During the year past there
have been 1,3.V2 arrivals jit Cleveland, of sail vessels, and
1,100 steamboats—making, m oil 2.4S2. The nuinbei of .sail
vessels that have dcpaau\l m the same time is 1,432, and of
steamboats 1,100—making a total of 2,532 departures.
There was no record ol the arrivals and departures at
Buffalo; until A. D. lBlo; they then amounted to 395. In
1840, the number of arrivals was 4,061. An one of the small
harbors within my district, called Fairport, which the head
of the topographical bureau has not thought of sufficient im-
portance to demand a specific appropriation at this time, the
number of arrivals and departures during the year
past of vessels and steamboats is 2,453 There are
othei poits withm the same district, at which there has
been near)} one-h.ilfof the number of arrivals and dep&rt-
uresjbut I regret that I have no correct informationas to the
amount of business done at them. It may be sufficient to
saj, that the able officer who presides <*ver the topographi-
cal bureau has informed us that he has evidence which
shows the commerce ofthose lakes, m 1841, to have amounted
to more than $65,000,000; and in a private conversation he
gave it as his opinion that during the past year it "had
amounted to more than $100^000,000. We are in possession
of no data by which the number of passengers crossing
those lakes can be ascertained; yet, from the amount of com-
merce, and the crowds of emigrants and passengers, it must
be evident that their numbers are very great
There is withm our own territory about three thousand
miles miles of lake coast, on which there are very natural har-
bors. Indeed. I believe there are none, exccpt those formed by
the islands in the upper part of Lake Erie, at Preque-Isle.m
Lake Huron, and the Manitou islands in Lake Michigan.
Seven States and one Territory, containing an aggregate po-
pulation of more than seven millions,border upon those lakes.
Probably three millions of that population send oft* their
surplus produce, and receive their importations, by the aid
of lak<? navigation. And sir, I ask, what attention have we
given to this hundred millions annual commerce, exposed
to the perils of three thousand miles of dangerous coast, in
which seven States, one Territory, and three millions of
people are thus interested? Have our appropriations been
commensurate with the extent of this commerce? Has the
united voice of these three millions people been heeded
by their servants here? Have the lives of the thou-
sands of sailors, and the tens of thousands of passen-
gers, who are almostdaily floating upon those waters, been
protected by us? What answer can we return to those in-
terrogatories' Why, sir, no other than that for more than
five years wo have totally neglected them all: that we have
in all past time expended $2,400,000 upon these three thou-
sand miles of coast withm the bounds of these seven States
and one Territory, being but little more than two-thirds of
the amount expended upon the Delaw are breakwater, and
but little more than has been laid out in the single harbor at
Norfolk, in Virginia.
This, sir, is the answer, and the only answer we can re-
turn to our constituents. Think you it will prove satisfac-
tory > Are our constituents ot that character that they will
sit with folded arms, and rest m mute silence under such
palpable disregard of their constitutional rights, as well as
their important interests? If satisfied with these answers,
they would, indeed, be worthy of no better treatment.
For the want of harbors to protect our shipping, our ves-
sels are wrecked, our property destroyed, and the lives of
our seamen are sacrificed. I will detain the committee a
few moments, by reference to document 243 of the Senate,
of the third session of the 27th Congress, page 17, from
which it appears that, in 1842, there were wrecked on the
upper lakes two steamboats, one ship, and eighteen schoon-
ers, which were totally lost- there wore also driven on
shore three steamboats, two brigs, and ten .schooners. Amid
this great and extensive destruction ol property, more than
one hundred lives were lost. The official report to which
I refer says, vithis loss is the more to be deplored, as it could
in a great measure have been prevented by the timely con-
struction of a few additional harbors." When I reflect upon
the loss of lives that annually occur on those lakes in con-
sequence of our neglect to provide harbors, 1 forget the im-
mense sacrifice of property to which our citizens are sub-
jected J>y oui inattention. The estimated loss timing the
year 1842 was over half a million dollars Thus, many of
our people were reduced to poverty by those disasters
which doomed so many other?! to watery gtaves.
Nor is this loss by storms the only sacrifice which west-
ern people are compelled to -.make for the want of harbors.
When a vessel can enter a port and come along side of a
wharf, a few hours are sufficient for her to discharge her
cargo; but when compelled to come to anchor in tHo open
lake, and send her cargo ashore in lighters, they encounter
a task of no trifling character. If there be only a common
breeze, they cannot discharge their cargo in that way.
They must wait till the lake becomes comparatively calm.
In this manner they arc frequently detained for a great
length of time. The report of" the Senate to which I nave
referred states, that two vessels, of nearly equal capacity,
visited Lake Michigan, one bound for Chicago, the other to
Michigan city. The lormer entered the harbor of Chicago,
discharged her loading, took in a cargo,went to Buffalo (more
than a thousand miles) discharged her lading there, re-loaded,
and again reached Chicago, before the other had been able to
discharge her freight consigned to Michigan City. I men-
tion this fact as illustrative of the losses in time and the ex-
pense which western people are compelled to bear, in con-
sequence of our refusing to them the protection which we
extend to our eastei n fnends upon the Atlantic 1 say, sir,
that these losses arise principally from our neglect, and
such is the undeniable fact t. myself, have been stopped
upon the bar at mouth of the Huron river, on Lake Erie,
while endeavoring to enter it in a small boat, with not mor<
than twentv barrels s«It on bonrd We had to take the salt
on «'hore by hand then hoist our boit ov er ill" bar. le-lo^d,
and proceed np therivei to our destination This was in
1S12, pri^r to all iuiprov ements b\ means of our appropria-
tions. Since the expendiluie of a few thousand dollars in
erecting pit rs yt the mouth of that same river, I have
entered it on boird of those splendid steani'-liips that fo
proudly traver.se our lakes. Those floating jmluees of
four, five, or six hundred tons burthen, entered with-
out difficulty, or the apprehension of difficulty, where
an omptv Durham boot would have grounded before the
fostering core of government w os exerted for the nnprov e-
ment of our western navigation Such too, was then the
situation of the, harbor at Cleveland. When the prisoners
captured at Detroit were °ent home on parole, they w cie
landed at Cleveland The British fleet came to anchor at a
distance from land, and sent the prisoners ashore in small
boats; but these boats, os I was informed, grounded in
crossing the bar. and the officers and men w ere compelled
to step out of the boats and walk across the bar. Over this
bar ships, brigs, and steamboats of the largest class now
pass almost every hour of the navigable season. And the
spacious harbor is filled during the business portion of the
year with vessels of every size that float upon those inland
seas.
These harbors received no attention from government un-
til the year 1826 From that period up to "1838, yearly ap-
propriations w ere made for the purpose of improving them.
Under this system, piers were erected at Huron river, Black
river, Vermillion river, Cleveland, Grand river, Cunning-
ham's creek, Ashtabula creek, and at Conneaut, within the
State of Ohio. On these seven harbors-, scattered over a
coast of one hundred and fifty miles, there was expended,
in the course of twelve years, four hundred and twenty-
three thousand dollars, f do not hesitate ;n giving it as my
opinion that, for that-money, more work was done, more
good was accomplished, and greater benefit wtas conferred,
than was ever done with the like sunj upon any portion of
the Atlantic coast. By means of this expenditure, all those
places were rendered accessible to vessels and steamboats,
and the commerce of the eastern States, and of Canada, was
thereby opened up to our industrious population- By this
means we were enabled to ship our produce, and to bring,
as it were, to the doors of our people, the benefits of our
eastern markets. Industry was encouraged, and en-
terprise was rewarded. These works, however, were of
wood, designed merely as experiments; and- intended,
if found successful, to be replaced by permanent stone
piers that should last through all coming time. The ex-
periment was fairly tested, and it succeeded beyond the ex
pectations of its friends. But a change came -over the spirit
of our national administration. After pursuing the system
for twelve years, it was suddenly abandoned at the third
session ol the twenty-fifth Congress. Instead of the ordi
nary appropriations for the continuance of these works, as
annually reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
the then chairman of that committee (Mr.,C'ambreleng- of
New York) being the organ of the administration,tii this
House, made a long and labored report against all further
appropriations for that purpose, suggesting many doubts
and constitutional difficulties in regard to their further pros-
ecution. The report was sustained by the party then in
power; and the^tools and implements purchased by govern-
ment, for the purpose of carrying on these improvements,
were subsequentlv sold at auction, and our lake commerce
w as apparently abandoned forever. I do not propose bring-
ing partisan considerations to bear upon this subject; but !
refer to these facts as a part.of the past history of those put -
lie improvements. 1 am now most happy m saying that
present indications do not permit me to anticipate the oppo-
sition of either political paitv to the resumption of these im-
portant improvements. So far from indulging in such fears,
1 feel wan anted in saying that, on this subject, as well ai
some others to which public attention is now turned, party
lines are becoming more obscure, and party distinctions
less obvious. I take great pleasure in bearing testimony to
the apparent union of sentiment on this question which now
appears to pervade those members of both political parties
who represent theontire northwest portion of our federal
XTnion. I rejoice at this manifestation of patriotic regard
for the common good, and I hail it as the harbinger of
prosperity to our people. Since the second session of
the twenty-fifth Congress no appropriations have been
made for the improvements of those works. They were
erected of wood, and. of course, are now rapidly going to
decay. They were not extended so .far into the lake as
was necessary, and sand bars have formed at the entrance
of some of them which now prevent, in a great degree, the
entrance of the larger class of steamboats. .These difficulties
are hourly felt by our people; and we are anxious to see.
those works again resumed, and their improvement contin-
ued, until they shall be finished in a substantial manner with,
stone, and put in a situation to require no further attention
from government. And now, sir, what are the objections to
this proposition, so just and ho manifestly reasonable in it-
self ? Why, the first great and principal objection is that
which, year after year, we have heard reiterated in this
hall, that they are "internal i's'provemfnts." Such ap-
peared to be the objections of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise,] who, however, appeared to think that the strict
constructionists of the "Old Dominion" would be able to
vote for the improvement of the Mississippi, as -the com-
merce of that river has ever been regarded as national; and,
for the reason, also, that it extends up into the Territory of
Wisconsin and Iowa, which are under the charge of the
federal government But this construction of the constitu-
tion appeared too strict to allow any appropriation to lake
harbors. Now, sir, as to those harbors being internal, 1 wilt
beg leave to inform that gentleman that there are'at least
two sides to the territory of this government. That the
southern and northern sides are both bounded by navigable
waters, beyond which'are foreign governments with whom
we hold commercial intercourse. Whj gentleman residing*
upon one of those coasts should call the other internal, is not
very obvious. 1 represent the city of Cleveland, situated di-
rcctly upon the coast, and separated from the territorj of a
foreign government by a wide expanse of navigable water.
That gentleman represents the city of Norfolk, m the "Old'
Dominion." situated much further inland, but otherwise hold-
ing a pieosoly similar relation to commerce and navigation
to that of Cleveland. The Athmtic separates his,district
fio.-n Cnt'sh teiritoij, and Lake Kile «ej urates mine
fioiii the <'ojinmuiis of hi i ?*[ajestj. Now. I submit to that
gentleman if J should be guilty of a greater abuse
ol language in calling the commerce of Norfolk interna),
than he is when be calls that of ( leveland internal By rtf-
err.nce to executive document No 247, of the third session
of the .27th Congress, the gentleman will find that, during
the year endi/.g the iJOth September, 1312, there were one
bandied and seven foreign vessels entered the Cuyahoga
district, while but twenty-iour entered the district of Nor-
folk The tonnage of foreign shipping which entered
Cuv ahoga district during that'period was 8,..>9b, while that
which entered Noi folk during the same period was 8,216.
Yet the gentleman has no hesitation in pronouncing Norfolk
entitled to our attention on account of its foreign commerce,
while he*regards the commerce of Cleveland as internal,
and all appropriations for its protection as unconstitutional.
The whole number of American vessels engaged in foreign
commerce that entered Cuyahoga district during the period
mentioned, was one hundred and ninety-three; while the
whole number of American vessels engaged m foreign com-
merce, which entered Norfolk district during the same pe-
riod, was seventy-four. Fiom the same document it appears
that Cuyahoga district ha<= S.671 tons of enrolled shipping—
Norfolk 843 tons. The whole number of men and boys em-
ployed m the foreign trade during the year olluded'to, m
the Cuyahoga district, was 1,161, and m the Nopfo'k djs*
trict 818.
09)
