290 
28^ Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSfi.
Jan. 1844.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Reps.
And now.fylr. Chairman, I will only say that, in every as-
pect you may please to view it, the foreign commerce of the
Cuyahogadistrict is far more entitled to tue protection of this
government than'is the district represented by the gentle-
man from Virgins*., And, sir, what has "been the past action
of Congress in regard to these districts? Why, sir, we have
expended in front of Norfolk more than one million seven
hundred thousand dollars, while at Cleveland^ so far as I
csn learn,'we have expended about one hundred thousand
dollars. s
It is not my intention to cultivate a feeling in favor of lo-
cal interests or of local jealousy-, but I ask, is this justice?
Do you deal impartially with us? Are the favors of this
government meted out with an even hand? Bo gentleman
believe that the people of tlie "West will continue silent un-
der such flagrant partiality?
But some gentlemen appear to suppose there is scarcely-
any other State demanding attention or holding claims upon
government than "Old Virginia." Why, Mr. Chairman,
Ohio contains an agricultural people; our commerce is re-
garded as of secondary importance; yet, sir. in 1842, wfe
built forty-nine vessels of the aggregate capacity of seven
thousand-nine hundred, and four tons, while Virginia built
twelve vessels of the aggregate capacity of 889 tons,
being less than one-eighth part of the amount built
by Ohio. I would make no invidious comparisons, but
I may be pardoned for saying that, from the documents
before .us, it appears that during the year alluded to, Ohio
built more tons of shipping than Virginia, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Arkan-
sas, Missouri, and Tennessee: Yet, sir, our whole State has
received at the hands of this government for harbor purposes
less than one-fourth part the monej that has been expended
at Norfolk alone, and about one-eighth as much as the Del-
aware breakwater has cost the nation. I desire it to be un-
derstood that I -find no fault with what has been done for
our Atlantic commerce.; I complain of what has not been
done for our lake harbors. The gentleman from Virginia
talks of strict construction. I complain that his construc-
tion is too strict; it confines the appropriations too strictly
to the ''Old Dominion " I contend for such a latitude of
construction as will extend our .protection to the whole
foreign commerce, at least. The "straight jacket" of which
he speaks is altogether too straight for our interests, it binds
the conscience of the wearer too tightly, I fear, to permit
him to be just. I repeat, that we ask nothing for ourselves
but what we are willing to grant to others. Beyond
this we are not prepared to go. We would be just to.
ourselves as well as -to other*; and we feel as free to de-
mand justice to the commerce of the lakes, as we are
to grant it to the Atlantic. We were sent here to-
maintain the rights of our people, and not to yield them up^
in the spirit of kindness and liberality to urge upon the con-
sideration of this body that justice which is so obviously
our due.
But, sir, I desire the attention of the committee to some
few other facts, which may, perhaps, have some bearing
upon the claims which we of the West desire to press upon
the attention of gentlemen. During the year ending on the
1st day of October, l$4i3, there cleared from the ports of the
United States, for Canada, one thousand three hundred and
forty vessels, whose aggregate capacity amounted to
229,005) tons; on board of which were employed seventeen
thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight men and boys"
During the same period there cleared from our Atlantic
polls for Great Britain, Ireland, and Scotland, two hundred
and eight j -seven vessels, whoso aggregate capacity amount-
ed to one hundred and fifty thousand eight hundred and
fifty-seven tons; on board'of which were employed live
thousand nine hundred and eighty-five men and boys. I
mention these facts for the purpose of showing the compari-
son between the whole foreign commerce on our lakes and
our whole Atlantic commerce with the United Kingdom of
Great Britain, Ireland, and Scotland; and I will add that, du-
ring the period alluded to, there were cleared from the Uni-
ted States for the foreign ports of the whole world, 4,5V29 ves-
sels, whose aggregate capacity amounted to 740,497 tons,
and were navigated by 43,377 men and boys. Thus it ap-
pears that about two-hfths of all vessels that cleared from
the United States during the year mentioned, for all foreign
countries, were upon our lakes; and that our tonnage, and
the hands emploj ed m its navigation, bore about the same
proportion to those engaged in our foreign commerce with
the whole world; and "yet, sir, is this commerce to be
characterized as internal, and of no national import-
ynce'7 Arc the vast interests connected with this com-
merce to be disregarded by us? Are the lives of the sailors
■upon those lakes entitled to no attention? I feel authorized
j;Isa>mg that the time has arrived when the cry of "local
inu-rests.,'' "internal improvements," and of "strict con-
struction," in regard to our lake commerce, will no longer
i- .itisfv the members of either political party. They will no
longer sec their vessels wrecked; their property destroyed;
their commerce ruined; their sailors drowned, for the pur-
pose of gaining political paitisan advantages. They de-
mand of their servants here attention to these subjects, and
no slight excuse will satisfy the people for future neglect
There U, however, an evil connected with these appro-
priation* that originates further back than the proposed re-
ference to a committee It is in the estimates made by the
various departn ents and different bureaux. I refer particu-
lar!} to the estimates for haibor improvement?, for fortifica-
tions, and for the navy. Thus the whole estimates made
b\ the topographical bureau for the lakes, nverp, and At-
nxitic, amounts to about $800,000. while those made out by
the engineer department for fortifications are $1,400,000.
This I regard as wrong I regard the protection of the
live* of our sailors and passengers to be vastly more impor-
nnt than the piling up earth and stone on \arious parts
of the Atlantic coast, there to lemain as so many monu-
ments of our want of foresight, and to be visited in coming
tune 'oS the curious remain5; of a dark and ignorant age.
The'u* estimate? for fortifications are twice as large as
thev should hove been, w hile those for the improvement of
^Mi'ldke harbors are as much below what they should have
i i-en as the others are too high. Our harbors are of present
ood of constant use They preserve our property, and pro-
t ctthe lives of our people now in existence. Our money
pfT«kd O'l th.'m return0 its equivalent as soon as it is
put. iSot ko with our fertiticatiotts. They can be of no
earthly use until our country shall become involved in
war, which no one apprehends will take place during the
present generation. Nor will they be of any possible use
even in ease of war, unless it be a war with the enemy who
will invade our territory, \yhich no man can apprehend.
But should we become involved in a war with such an ene-
my, I doubt whether he would be likely to march his men
within reach of the cannon in our forts, while he has the
use of steam to land them at any point he may select. Yet
we continue to expend millions of money to build forts as
though we expected war, and that, too, with a nation who
would dare to invade our territory, and at the same time
possess the folly to march up before our cannon for the pur-
pose of being shot. Sir, with less than a fifth-part of our
present population, without arms, or the skill to make them,
without ammunition, without an > army, without a navy,
without money, and without forts, we defended ourselves
against the most powerful nation of the earth. But now,
sir, in a time of peace, with no prospect of war with any na-
tion, we pay out our money for forts and neglect our har-
bors, under the plea of being prepared for war.
I feel proud in repeating what I have heretofore, said, that
on our Ohio coast, embracing a distance of two hundred and
fifty miles, we have never had a fort. In case of war with
England, that coast would be more exposed than the same
extent upon the Atlantic. Yet, sir, I would oppose any ap-
propriation for fortifications in our State. 1 should regard
money expended in fortifications there as money thrown
away, they would be regarded as monuments of the cow-
ardice and the folly of our people. Should we unfortunate-
ly become involved in a war with Great Britain, I feel that
the people of our gallant State possess the patriotism and
courage to defend our territory against any force that can
be brought against us. Give us harbors to protect our prop-
erty, and seamen in time of peace, and we will protect our
soil in time of war.
As to this expenditure"'for fortifications, I have heretofore,
in a former Congress, expressed my views. I repeat that they
belong to the warfare df a by-gone age. They were fitted
to the science of war as it existed pnorto the discovery of
steam, to the invention of railroads, and that vast improve-
ment in the sciences and arts that ha given character to
the age m which the live. But the day of their utility has
passed, never more to return. They are hereafter to be re-
garded in the same light that we now look upon ancient
citadels and baronial castles. Yet, sir, we adhere to this
exploded system, and continue to appropriate our money to
purchase sites for new fortifications, to carry on and com-
plete those already begun, and to equip, arm and man those
completed-; as though we regarded them important to our
national safety; while all the rest of the world look upon
them as they do upon the armor used, or the coats of mail
worn, m the thirteenth century.
But, sir, while the estimates for harbor purposes in the
w hole nation, as before remarked, amount only to $800,000,
the,amount of estimates for the navy are nearly $9,000,000.
I regard this disproportion betwet n the Lakes and the Atlan-
tic as unjust in the extrem'e. Indeed, its injustice is so palpa-
ble that forbearance on the part of our western people
ceases to be a virtue* Duty compels to open, frank, and
determined opposition to such flagrant disregard of our in-
terests. I submit to our eastern friends, whether justice to
our people, or justice to ourselves, as representatives, will
permit us to vote for appropriations so obviously unjust.
Why, sir, I think I may safely say, that lor the past five
years, Ohio has paid one-twelfth part of all our public rev-
enue, that one-twelfth of all the moneys appropriated for
the na\y and fortifications is drawn lrom the pockcts of the'
people ol our State. During this five years, our lake com-
merce has been totally neglected, while we have paid for
the protection of the Atlantic commerce, and Atlantic forti-
fications, more than three millions of dollars-—or more
than seven times as much as we have received at the hands
of this government, since our admission as a State into the
federal Union. It is now proposed to expend, during
the coming fiscal year, for the navy, for fortifications,
and foi harbois, say $11,000,000. More than $900,000 of
this must come from the people of Ohio, and what pro-
portion of this money is to be expended for the pro-
tection of Ohio commerce'' Why, it is proposed to expend
on the harbor at Cleveland $30,000. Besides this, there is to
be sixty thousand dollars applied to all the other haibors on
the lakes, to keep them in repair. What proportion will be
expended in Ohio is uncertain, but T will estimate it at
$30,000—making $60,000 to be returned to our people out of
the $900,000 by them paid for those purposes. It is thus
made evident that we pay for these purposes fifteen dollars
to the federal government for each dollar proposed to be ex-
pended on our coqst. But this is not the worst state of facts,
for we ha\e paid nearly the $900,000 for these purposes
during live years past, hut have not received one dollar in
return for the improvement of our harbors. Yes, sir, during
that period, v. e have paid our money to aid m building those
magnilicient ships now floating upon the Atlantic, to fit
them out m prmcoh style, and to send them to all parts of
the v. orld, to attract the attention, and to be admired b\ the
subjects of foreign governments: while Congress has disre-
garded our riuhts and our interests, and permitted our hike
shoies to be-sljew n uithilie wrecks of our ships and the
bodtrsot our seamen Sir. sh;ill this state of things con-
tinue another \ ear7 How long shall our people be com-
pelled to witness the destruction of their property, the rum
of their fellow-citizens, and thi« vast annual sacrificc of life,
while their monej is drawn from them to support a splendid
na\}. to maintain an idle army, and to erect useless foitifica-
tions7 I hope, sir. that the subject may be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, who 1 believe well qualified to
answer these interrogatories in a proper manner.
I fully concur w ith my colleague [ Mr Tjldkx] as to the
committee to whom the subject should be referred.
SPEECH OF ME. WINTHROP,
OF MASSACHUSETTS.
In the Huuse of Representatives, January 23, 1844.
Mr. Adajis's report from the select committee on
revising the rules of the House having been taken
up, as the orders of the day for the morning hour,
and the question being on the motion of Mr. Black
of Georgia, to amend a motion to recommit the re-
port-, by instructing, the committee to reinsert the
following rule: "No.petition, memorial, resolution,
or other paper, praying the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, or any State or Territory,
or the slave trade between the States or Territories
of the United States in which it now exists, shall
be received by this House, or entertained in any
way whatever:"
Mr. WINTHROP said that it seemed to have
been the fortune of the House to be e'mployed, dur-
ing no inconsiderable part of the time since the pres-
ent session commenced, in discussing what they
called first principles. For eight or ten days, not
long since gone by, we were occupied with the con-
sideration of that great writ of personal liberty, the
habeas corpus: And, in the course of that discus-
sion, doetnnes, were advanced, in some quarters of
the House, to his mind not a little strange and start-
ling, and upon which he desired at the time to have
made some comments. But, in common with many
other gentlemen better entitled to a hearing, he had
attempted in vain to obtain the floor for that pur-
pose. We had now been engaged, during the morn-
ing hour of many days, in a debate on a second
freat principle of civil liberty—the right of petition,
rnd upon this subject opinions have been express-
ed, and positions maintained, which, in his judg-
ment, were even more extraordinary and more start-
ling, and from which he was glad of an opportunity
to declare his utter dissent. '
The idea (said Mr. W.) that the right of petition
does not imply the right of having a petition re-
ceived! the doctrine that the right of the people
to apply to the government for redress of grievances
does not involve any obligation on the part of the
government to heed, or even hear, that application!
the position which has been seriously maintained
here, that all that was nver intended by the right of
Eetition, was the right of individuals or of assem-
lies to prepare and sign a paper, setting forth the
grievances under which they are suffering, and the
redress<which they seek; and that it was no part of
that intention to secure to that paper any consideia-
tion or entertainment whatever from those to whom
it is addressed!—why, sir, these doctrines seem to
me about as reasonable as it would be to contend,
that the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus im-
plies no obligation on the part of the officer to whom
it is directed to regard or obey the writ, and no
duty on the part of the government to exe-
cute. or enforce it; but is only designed to
secure to an imprisoned citizen the satisfaction
of having the writ itself, duly signed and at-
tested, to amuse himself with in his solitary con-
finement; to meditate upon by day, or to put under
his pillow to dream upon by night. They seem to
me about as reasonable as it would be to maintain,
that the freedom of the press extends only to the.
freedom of the mechanical enginery of the press; that
it was only intended to secure the rights of indi-
vidual printers to compose, set np, and strike off,
such matter as might be agreeable to them; but that
it does not reach to the privilege of publishing or
circulating that matter after it is stricken off! In a
word, Mr. Speaker, if the right of petition is really
nothing more than it has been represented to be by
some of the honorable members who have preceded
me in this debate, it is, in my judgment, as poor a
pretence, .as miserable a mockery, as empty and un-
meaning and worthless an abstraction, as was ever
dignified by a swelling name or a high-sounding
title; and the sooner it is expunged from the roll of
civil liberty—the sooner it ceases to hold out to the
ear a promise only to be broken to the hope—the
sooner will the people understand what rights they
really do possess.
But, sir, I desire to proceed with this subject a
more methodically, and to notice with something
more of precision and exactness the arguments
which have been adduced in favor of the doctrines.
The question before the House is, whether the
rule, which has obtained a most odious notoriety, 111
many quarters of the country, under the name of
the 21st rule, and which has lost nothing of its of-
fensiveness by recently assuming the alias of the 23d
rule, shall remain as one of the permanent rales and
orders of the present Congress. This is the ques-
tion plainly presented in the instructions which
have been moved by the honorable member from
Georgia, [Mr. Black;] and this is the question no
less plainly involved in the simple motion to recom-
mit the report. And what is this rule? It is a rule
providing that no petitions, resolutions, memorials,
