Jan. 1844;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Heps.
or other papers, on certain "enumerated subjects,
shall be received by this House, or entertained in
any way whatever. ' Now, sir, I care not what
those enumerated subjects are. I hold it entirely
unimportant to this .argument to state them. What-
ever they may be, the principle of the rule is, in my
judgment, the same. If this House may declare
to-day that it will receive no petitions on one class
of subjects, it may to-morrow declare that it will
receive no petitions on another class of subjects; and,
on the third day, it may refuse to receive any peti-
tions at all. The "real inquiry is, have we a right
to prescribe to those who have sent us here on what
particular subjects their prayers shall be heard
in these halls? Is it within our prerogative to say
to the people of the United States: "Gentlemen, you
may assemble together in what numbers you please,
to consult upon what you may choose to consider
your grievances; you may sign your petitions indi-
vidually or collectively; you may adopt resolutions
in your primary meetings or in your legislative as-
semblies; but if those petitions or resolutions con-
tain any nllusion to tins, that, or the other topic,
we will not receive them, or entertain them in any
way whatever?"
Sir, I utterly deny the existence of any such
right on our part. I hold it to be inconsistent with
the relations we sustain to our constituents. I hold
it to be unwarranted by any thing, either in the
reason or the history of parliamentary proceedings.
I hold it to be in direct conflict with the spirit and in-
tent of express provisions of the constitution. And
I hold it, also, to be subversive of original, inherent,
and inalienable rights of the people.
The honorable member from Tennessee [Mr. A.
V. Brown,] m justifying this rule, a few mornings
ago, drew an analogy from the relations of parent
and child; and, in the application of this analogy,
this House was made to play the part of a parent,
and the people were left to sustain the character
of the child. It was a good illustration, sir, of the
sort of reasoning by which this rule must be de-
fended, if it is defended at all. But this House does
not stand in loco parentis to the people of the United
States. We are not their parents, masters, or guar-
dians. We are sent here to ascertain their wishes;
to carry out their will; to do their work. And for
us to undertake to limit their liberty to address us,
or abridge their privilege of being heard here, on
any subjects on which they may choose to be heard,
is to reverse entirely our relative positions. It is
the representative instructing the constituent; the
agent prescribing terms to his principal; the ser
vant imposing conditions on the master!
I shall be told that individual petitioners are not
the people; and that the rights of the signers of pe-
titions, few or many, are not to be confounded with
the rights of the people at large. There would
be some fitness and some force in this suggestion, if
we were considering the reception of a single peti-
tion, or of any ascertained number of petitions.
But where is the limit to this rule? Where is the limit
to the principle of this rule? Why, sir, this rule ex-
cludes, practically and daily, thousands and hundreds
of thousand of petitioners. It denies a hearing, prac-
tically and daily, to whole States—sovereign States
—speaking through the resolutions of their legisla-
tures. The journals, I think, will show that the reso-
lutions of four or five States have been thrust back
into the faces of their representatives on this floor,
in a single hour of a single morning. And if as
many States as were arrayed here the other day on
the subject of General Jackson's fine, (seventeen I
think,) could come to a common opinion on any point
connected with any of the subjects enumerated m tins
rule—nay, if all the States in the Union, or all the
people of all the States could come, as they ought to
come, and as I believe one day or other they will
come, to the conclusion, that whatever may be done
with the institution of slavery m the District of Co-
lumbia, the slave trade here shall be no more tole-
rated, but that this metropolis of the American re-
public shall be purged from the pollution of an
inhuman and abominable traffic—this rule is broad
enough, and general enough, to deny a hearing to
them'" all! In principle, then, this rule goes the full
length of asserting the right of this House, to say to
the people, to the whole people of the Union,
"Come one, come all, we will not hear you."
But, says the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Rhett,] have we not 'a plenary power, under
the constitution, "to determine our own rules of
proceeding?1.' Yes, sir, we have that power, and
there is no appeal from our determination as to those
rules- But power is one thing, and right is another.
We have the power to do many things in this
House which we have yet no manner of right to do.
We are the final judges of the elections and returns
of our own members. And" if a majority in this
House, in its wilfulness or its wantonness, should
see fit to give the seat in a contested election to a
candidate clearly in a minority, or to admit to a
right of membership on this, floor persons under
twenty-five years of age, or-who have resided less
than seven years in the . United States, or persons
who do not possess any other of the constitutional
or legal qualifications of members, (and something of
this sort has been done, as I think, at this very ses-
sion,) there is no power elsewhere to revise or re-
verse our decision. We have the power, also, to
adopt a rule of proceeding by which the yeas and
nays shall not be recorded on a call of one-fifth of
the members present, or shall not be recorded at
all; and, indeed,' a majority of this House almost
went this length at the outset of the session, in ex-
cluding from the records a full and intelligible state-
ment of the question on which the yeas and
nays were demanded. We have the power, too,
to express or expunge from our journals any pro-
ceedings which we may not fancy, to have the peo-
ple find recorded there; and this proceeding, agam,
is not entirely unknown to this Capitol, or even to
this House during the present session. But who
can assert that we have any right to resort to such
measures, in defiance of express provisions of the
constitution? Sir, it is plain that this power to
determine the rules of our own proceeding
must be held in subordination to other pro-
visions in the constitution, and must be exer-
cised also with a due regard to the rights, the
reserved or inherent rights of the people. Our pow-
er over our own rules of proceeding is, indeed, an
irresponsible power. But this consideration should
only make us the more anxious to ascertain what is
its rightful and constitutional limit, and the more
carcful to keep ourselves strictly within that limit.
It is contended, however, by the advocates of this
rule, that it is not inconsistent with any provision
in the constitution, nor with any right of the peo-
ple. The 1st article of the amendments to the con-
stitution, it is said, provides only that "Congress
shall make no law abridging the right of the people
to petition the government for a redress of grievan-
ces;" and this rule is not a law. Sir, this is stick-
ing to the bark of the constitution with a witness to
it! Can it be seriously pretended that it is consist-
ent with the spirit and intent of this clause, that one
branch of Congress should effect, by a mere rule of
proceeding, what both branches are prohibited from
effecting by solemn statute? If the Senate and the
v House of Representatives and the President com-
bined, can pass no law abridging the right of the
people to petition the government, is it not, a fortiori,
incompetent for this House alone to abride that right5
But I deny the propriety of this literal interpre-
tation of the word "law" in the article in ques-
tion. The 1st article of amendment, as it originally
passed the House of Representatives in 1789, did
not contain that word. Its phraseology was—-"the
right of the people to apply to the government for
redress of grievances shall not be infringed." This
is the real gist of the provision. The Senate, in
incorporating some additional matter into the same
article, found it necessary to change the construction
of the sentence. But it was a change of construc-
tion only; and there is not the slightest ground for
the idea that any change of the sense or substance
was intended.
Why, sir, this article of amendment, wiih many
others, was adopted, as is well known, on the rec-
ommendation of a number of the State conven-
tions, by which the constitution was originally rati-
fied. And in what terms did those State conven-
tions recommend it? In what terms did your own
State of Virginia propose its adoption? "E\ery
freeman has a right to petition, or apply to the legis-
lature for the redress of grievances." This was the
language of Virginia in 1769; and it was well said of
it by Judge Tucker, in his appendix to Blackstone,
that "it was the language of o free people asserting
their rights," while the language of the constitution,
he adds, "savors of that style of condescension in
which favors are supposed to be granted."
But we are told by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] and again by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. BelsEr,] that this article was
adopted in contemplation of a particular mode of
aondgmg the right of petition; that it had reference
to certain old English riot laws, which prohibited
I the people from assembling in tumultuous masses to
petition -the government. Admit all that the gentle-
men have said on this poirtt. Admit that the language
of this article was derived from' the English bill of
rights, and was originally aimed at ,sorr>e particular
restraint upon the right in question. What then?
Is there anything in the article which confines its
application, now and „at all time£ to come, to the
particular mode of abridgment which first gave oc-
casion to it? Sir, the phraseology of the article is
comprehensive and general. .It declares that the
right of petition shall not be abridged by Congress;
not that it shall not be abridged in one way or in
another way, but that itshall not be abridged at all.
Gentlemen might as well contend that the general
statute of murder was only designed to prevent and
punish those kinds of homicide which were in
vogue when the statute was passed, as to contend
that this article of the constitution was only intended
to prohibit those modes of abridging the right of pe-
tition which were contemplated at the time of its
adoption. Upon this principle, if any ingenious
villain could only discover some new mode of put-
ting an end to human life, it would be "killing—no
murder!" Such a principle would make a farce of
all legislation.
But the honorable member from Alabama [Mr.
Belsf.r] has discovered sundry instances in which
the British House of Commons have refused to re-
ceive petitions, and have even passed rules for refu-
sing to receive them; and upon this discovery he
has founded what he seemed to consider a most tri-
umphant argument in favor of the constitutionality
of tlie rule of this House. The argument, if I un-
derstand it, is this: that the refusal to receive peti-
tions at discretion was a well-known practice of the
British Parliament before the adoption of our consti-
tution; that the framers of the constitution must have
understood and contemplated that practice; and that
therefore, in default of any express allusion to ,it>
there is no reason for imagining that it was intended
to be reached or remedied by the article of amend-
ment in question.
Now, sir, I disagree to this argument altogether.
I deny the correctness both of the premises and of
the conclusion. I maintain, in precise opposition to
it, that, in the first place, the right to .present peti-
tions to the government, including /the right to have
these petitions received, was an old, original, inhe-
rent right of the people of Great Britain, acknowl-
edged and allowed from a time whereof the memory
of man runneth not to the contrary. I maintain, in
the second place, that the framers of our constitution,
understood and appreciated this inherent. I main-
tain, in the third place, that the refusal to receive-
petitions in certain cases, in the British House of
Commons, was an exception to the general princi-
ples and general practice of that body, arising out
of circumstances peculiar to those cases, and fur-
nishing no justification for the rule which is under
consideration here. And I maintain, in the fourth
place, that there is abundant reason for the assur-
ance, that the framers of the constitution' would
have been the last persons in the world to sanction
such refusals, or to consider them as in any degree
furnishing precedents for us to follow. I am aware,
sir, that it is not often easy to prove the affirmative
of propositions of this kind, But if the House will
bear with me a few moments, I think I can show
them, at least, that I do not speak without book.
And here, Mr. Speaker, if I had a whole morning
before me, instead of the rapidly flying remnant of
a little hour, I might bring to the remembrance of
gentlemen not a few passages of English history a
most interesting and instructive charactcr. I might
go back to those great conflicts for civil liberty ni
the Old World, two centuries ago, by which our
fathers were exercised and instructed for its estab-
lishment of the New. 1 might refer to days, on
which thousands and tens of thousands of citizens
were seen going up to Parliament, en masse > to pre-
sent their petitions for redress; days when the con-
stituents of the immortal John Hampden were seen
riding up froni Buckinghamshire, each one with a
copy of a famous protest which they had adopted ins
his hatband, to petition against ship money, and to
demand the release from imprisonment of their gal-
lant and glorious representative; days when fifteen
thousand women, headed by the wife of an honest
brewer, were seen wending their way with a peti-
tion to the tcry doors of the House of Common^;
and those doors were thrown open to receive them?
And what was the moral of those scenes? Sir, in
those days the champions of the popular cause relied
greatly on the exercise of this right of petition to
strengthen* them in their struggles against the
