296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Protective system—Mr. Bates.
Senate.
signed to hoodwink and delude the fanners. No
such thing, Mr. President. The senator is mista-
ken. The .importations of 1842 were a dead loss
to the farming interest to the amount of the equiva-
lents it could have furnished in their stead, and to
the country in addition, the amount paid to the for-
eigner. What breadstuffs -might not come from the
Black sea, and the interior of Europe, and, from
South America? What wool, what beef arid pork,
butter and cheese, might not come? It is enough
to say, we want none of these things; and, therefore,
it is wise to put a check to the importation of them;
much wiser still to put an end to it.
Let me, in illustration, bring to the notice of the
Senate the article of coarse cottons. And I might
as well take hats, boots, shoes, cutlery, bonnets,
buttons, or almost any protected article. We can
in the article of coarse cottons compete with Eng-
land in the market of the' world. We do it; and
yet a repeal of the protective duty would essentially
injure, if not destroy, this branch of business.
Were England to admit our coarse cottons into her
market freely, I do not hesitate to say that, with our
limited means, if we could not stop, we could
strangely derange her spindles. When a vessel is
full, a drop 'makes it run over. Our cottons ad-
mitted into the English market, would be felt in
every poor man's dinner in Manchester.
We need protection, therefore, in the infancy of
manufactures, that they may take, root; and in their
maturity we need it for safety, for security, for
stability. We want it as we want a sea wall—not
that such a barrier is of any use when the sea is tran-
quil, but of great use when it is in commotion; as the
man of war wants a shield which is of no use to
him when he is not assailed, but of great use when
he is.
And, Mr. President, allow me to ask, what injury
results from this continued protection? So far from
it, the senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Wood-
bury] says it is nugatory and useless. Not so.
But what injury does the three cents duty upon
cottons produce? or the high duty upon wheat, &c.?
or the duty upon coarse cottons? None. Then,
why should they be abrogated? On the contrary, 1
maintain that they are essential to your safety; and
that, without them, your country will be little better
than a common field without the camp of nations,
into which their sweepings, their offscourings, all
their redundancies, will be thrown: and the auction
system in the States is a very convenient absorbent
of the whole mass.
1 say, then, in vindication of the protective sys-
tem, that it is necessary, first, to call into efficient
action the moral and physical, the dormant and
otherwise useless energies of the country; and, sec-
ondly, to keep them in action by carefully providing
for their safety.
Mr. President, I will now briefly allude to some
of the general bearings of the system. And, first,
upon the capitalists. 1 am not going into details. 1
have lived in the midst of cotton and woollen mnn-
utacturcrs. 1 have seen their rise, their progress,
and in many instances their fall. I have pretty am-
ple means of knowledge. I give it to the Senate as
my deliberate opinion, which 1 am willing should go
to the country, and upon which 1 am content to stake
myself before the people of the United States—many
of whom know well how this matter is—that the
capital invested in cotton manufactures since 1824
has not netted six per cent, interest; and that the
capital invested in woollen manufactures has not
netted three per cent. A citizen of Massachusetts,
formerly a member of the House of Representa-
tives, entitled to the most entire confidence, states
that there are nine establishments at Lowell manu-
facturing cotton, with all aggregate capital of nine
million five hundred thousand dollars. The amount
of their semi-annual dividends for the last two years,
up to the present month of February, is §1,095,000,
being less than six per cent, per annum, and would
have been considerably less, had the companies ac-
tually reserved ten per cent, per annum for the wear
and tear of machinery, as assumed by Mr. Mc-
Duifie! Yet, sir, these capitalists are the men
«'ho, whenever this protective system comes under
consideration here, which is usually preliminary to
a presidential election, are treated as if they were
pickpockets, denounced as petitioners for bounty!—
the bounty of the South!—as "clamoring" at the
do.or of the Senate ! Mr. President, whose door is
that? Is it the senator's from New Hampshire? or
the senator's from South Carolina? I thought it was
the door of the people. I thought it was a door to
wljtich they ha.<5 a right to Qome with their petitions.
But I do not believe one of these men has ap-
proached you, or your door, since 1828, or will
ever approach either again.
Whence the benefit of the system, then, you will
ask? I answer, in its immense and diffusive results.
I might begin by saying:
In the construction of the factories and villages
that attend them;
In the employment of thousands of operatives
within the precincts of the factories—not a few men,
as the senator from New Hampshire says, detached
from the farm and the workshop. '
In the employment the system gives to the idle
hours of women and children in the country, in
braiding straw, and chip, and palm-leaf, and in
making bonnets and hats, and giving the finish to
many other things which machinery and the more
clumsy workmanship of men cannot give. Why, sir,
ill the town adjoining that in which I live, tons of
buttons are sent to market monthly, I think I might
say weekly, which give employment to farmers'
daughters for many miles around. Go through the
country in a pleasant afternoon of summer, the
household work being done, you will see them at
window, or upon the terrace, or clustered under the
shade of the > family butternut, or elm. The bees
are not more busy .than they are.
Again, in the employment the protective system
gives to mechanics, machinists, artisans, superintend-
ents, agents, clerks, porters. &ci
In forcing into action the powers of water, steam,
and the mechanic arts—waking these sleeping giants
and setting them to work, whereby the girl that drew
one thread upon her great household wheel can in
the same time draw a hundred threads.
In the creation it makes of new agricultural prod-
ucts, such as woad, teasles, &c.
And in the new demand it makes for those which
were before in use, not merely in the vicinage, as the
senator from South Carolina supposes, but through-
out the United States. Take wool for an example.
How immense the agricultural interest in this ! and
how universal '. and yet, there is not a shep-
herd's boy who carries a crook, so stupid as
not to know that, any protection of it is of no
use, unless the woollen manufacture is pro-
tected, to give him a market. So it was with
hemp. Take cotton, three of four hundred thou-
sand bales of which are demanded for the home
supply. Instance the sugar of Louisiana, by which
that rich alluvial region is diverted from the growth
of cotton, and by which the price of slave labor and
slave property is enhanced throughout the South.
Six hundred thousand barrels of flour, it is said,
were imported into Boston the last year—worth
more than $3,000,000. And this is not all. The
depots along the western railroad supply the inte-
rior for many miles upon the right and left of it.
Flour comes to us from all the grain-growing States
—some from Ohio and Michigan. That diminishes
the supply there, and makes way for the flour fur-
ther west, and thence westward still to our extreme
western limits. It is as the water ,which flows out
of the mouth of the Mississippi, making way for that
which follows from the mouth to the source; and as
of the whole, so of each successive drop. Mr. Pres-
ident, there is not a spindle that turns at the North,
that does not benefit the South; nor a plant of cot-
ton, nor a blade of cane, that is grown at the South,
that does not benefit the North. This mutuality of
interest is the connecting link and the attractive
power which unites us in a social state, and should
unite us in social harmony. Moreover, Boston fur-
nishes a market for a much larger quantity of Indian
corn than it does for wheat flour. I need not ad-
vert to the demand which the protective system cre-
ates for tobacco, rice, beef, pork, potatoes, hams—
for everything that is consumable.
The tariff of 1842 has been referred to in illustra-
tion of the benefits of the piotective system. When
that act was passed, the labor of this coun-
try was dead. But as soon as it was passed, never
did a race horse start upon his course more eagerly
or more fiercely than did the labor of this country
upon its course. And now the senators from
South Carolina and New Hampshire would arrest
it midway, without notice, suddenly, that they may
readjust some strap or buckle in its harness. The
credit of the country, too, was dead. Yon had no
credit abroad. You had none at home. Your stock
was below par. The 6 per cent stock of the United
States below par in your own market! That act
alone resuscitated it. Your stock is now 15 or 18
per cent, above par.
Sir, the moral influence of the system is beneficial.
Labor, regular habits of labor, are the best prevent-
ives of vice^ especially in the young, and the best
guardians of virtue". There is nothing inherent in
the system that is in any respect injurious to morals.
In Massachusetts, no child under fifteen years of
age, can be employed in a factory that does not at-
tend school three months out of twelve in each year.
The factories, as they are conducted, are places of
refuge, of comfort, of numberless blessings, to the
poor. They may not be the most favorable to' physi-
cal develoyment. Nor is the life of a student so fa-
vorable as that of a farmer, nor the life of a farmer
as that of the savage.
The effect of the system upon the commerce and
navigation of the country is beneficial. There is a
woollen factory in Northampton, one of the oldest in
the country, the transportation business of which
used mainly to pass by my door. One wagon would
suffice to carry its bales of broadcloth to market,
when many wagons were required to convey to the
factory , the materials consumed in the process of
making the cloth. The one is the freight of naviga-
tion without the protective system; the other is, to a
great extent, the freight of navigation with it.
But the senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Wo odbury] is of a different opinion, and he spoke
with great zeal on the subject, tie said: "He
hoped the Senate would excuse him if he spoke
more strongly on the subject of our navigation in-
terest than on any other. It would be recollected
that this was a subject in which his State was deep-
ly interested; a large portion of the business and in-
terests of the State was on the ocean. The people
of New Hampshire are patriotic, energetic, and en-
terprising. They shed their -blood in defence of
their country during the late war. They did not
want their interests to be prostrated. All they ex-
pected was equality of legislation; an open sea, flow-
lns sail, and a fair fight, is all they ever asked."
He added: "The blow which the protective system
strikes at navigation is far more disastrous, in a na-
tional point of view, than the protective system can
be beneficial." Now, Mr. President, I wish to de-
tract a little, if I can, from the power that gave the
honorable senator such an impulse, and seemed to
impart to him such a momentum. In 1842, the
tonnage of Maine was 291,925 tons; of Massachu-
setts, 474,889; New Hampshire had 23,921 tons!
The imports of Maine were $606,000; of Massa-
chusetts, $17,986,000; the imports of New Hamp-
shire were $60,481! The exports of Maine weie
§1,050,000; of Massachusetts, $9,807,000; the ex-
ports of New Hampshire were $28,547! and they
were in an improving condition; for, in 1841, they
were only $10,348' all told. The crews of New
Hampshire that cleared out in 1842, were fifty-six
men and three boys!
Now, Mr. President, a friend has suggested, if
navigation -be the great interest of New Hamp-
shire, what, in the name of all the decimals, must
her other interests be? I advert to the "naviga-
tion interest" ofNew Hampshire only because the
Senator invoked it as his inspiring muse, as that
winch was going to make him speak more "strong-
ly" on this subject than on any other. And he did
speak more strongly; and what did he say? He
said that the act of 1842 imposes a tax upon
navigation of five dollars a ton. If the effect of the
act was to raise the price of the articles consumed
in ship building the amount of the duty, I am as-
sured his estimates is too high. But such is not the
effect. His calculation, therefore, need not excite
alarm.
Again, he says, taking for his illustration the
15,000 tons of shipping in Portsmouth engaged in
foreign commerce, in order, I suppose, to irnpiess
the people of Portsmouth more deeply with a sense
of their wrongs, that this tonnage will need lenew-
ing once in five years. I have been told it will not
need it once in ten years. The senator says that
this will amount to an annual tax upon that town
of $15,000, 01- about $2 a head upon its inhabitants.
Well, sir, if Portsmouth has to pay annually a dol-
lar a ton upon her shipping, the United States must
pay at the same rate. The tonnage of the United
States, in 1842, was 2,092,390 tons. The sum
therefore to be paid annually by the United States
is, $2,092,390. But, taking the average of the ton-
nage built in the last six years, it, amounts only to
120,566 tons; and admit that the act of 1842 aug-
ments the cost $5 a ton, it only amounts to $602,-
830, instead of j>2,092,390.
But the senator -says the protective system cuts
off the long voyage. The 400,000 bales of cotton
now sent to Boston, Providence, and else\yhere,
