CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
had this day transmitted to the Governor of the
State of Virginia his resignation of his seat in the
House of Representatives of the United States, and
taking leave of the House with the kindest expres-
sions of respect and regard for all its members.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the letter was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON THE ELECTION OF USMmS.
The SPEAKER announced that the first
in order was the report of the Committee
tions, the first question being on the resolution af-
firming the right of the members elected from the
State of Mississippi to their seats.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suggested whether it
would not be better, before proceeding to the order
of the day, to dispose of the communications on the
Speaker's table, by referring them to the appropri-
ate committees. But objections being made by
several,
The House proceeded to the order of the day;
and the question was put on the following resolu-
tion, no division of it having been called for:
Resolved, also, That the following members from
Mississippi, to wit: Jacob Thompson, William H.
Hammett, R, W. Roberts, and Tilghman M.
Tucker, have been duly elected, and are entitled to
seats in this House as members from the State afore-
said.
The yeas and nays having been called through by
the Clerk,
Mr. SEMPLE asked, in behalf of the members
of the committee on the Massachusetts jjatfulioiis,
that they might be allowed to vote on tH^^Htion;
having, as he said, just come in from th<SBBRmit-
tee room. "**"
On taking the vote on this motion, it was rejected.
The SPEAKER then announced the vote on
the above resolution to be—yeas 97, nays 55, as
follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Beanhlev, Benton,
Bidlack, James Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Boyd, Jacob
Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, William J.
Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Cary, Catlin, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Cross, Cullom, Dana,
KichardD. Davis, John W. Davis, Dean, Dillingham, Drom.
goole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlce, lucklin, Fos-
ter, French, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hommett, Har-
alson, Hays, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins. Houston, Htibard,
Hubbell, James B. Hunt, Charles J. lngeisoll, Cave John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston
King, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen,
Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
Mathews, Moore, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Farmenter,
Payne. Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, David S. Reid, Red-
ing, Rhett, Ritter, Robinson, Russell, St. John, Saunders,
Thomas HL Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Slidell,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, John Stewart, Stilea. Stone, Strong, Svkes, Tay-
lor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Wellcr, Wentworth,
Wheaton, Williams, and Joseph A. Wiight—97.
NAYS—Messrs Abbot Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Belser, Milton Brown, Buffington, Campbell,
Carroll. Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Cranston, Garrett Da-
vis, Deberiy, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, P'ish. Florence,
Foot, Frick, Giddings, Willis Green, Gnnnell, Hardin,
Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley
B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatnck, Mcllvame, Marsh,
Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Newton, Patterson,
Peyton, Eljsha R. Potter, Ramsey, Rayner, Charles M.
Reed, Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Sev-
erance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Summers, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, White, and Winthrop—55.
So the members elected from the State of Mis-
sissippi were declared to be duly entitled to their
seats.
The question then recurred on the following reso-
lution:
"Resolved, also. That the following members from
Missouri, to wit: John Jameson, John Bower,
James B. Bowlin, James H. Relfe, and James M.
Hughes, have been duly elected, and are entitled
to seats in this House as members from the State
aforesaid."
The yeas and nays were taken on this resolution,
and resulted as follows: yeas 106, nays 63.
So the members from Missouri were declared en-
titled to their seats
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose and said, in connection
with this subject, he begged leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, further, That the elections of members to
the House of Representatives of the 28th Congress,
held respectively in the States of New Hampshire,
Georgia, • Mississippi, and Missouri, at the times,
places, and in the manner prescribed by the legisla-
tures of said States, are valid, notwithstanding the
second section of the act, entitled "An act for the
apportionment of representatives among the several
States according to the sixth census," approved June
25, 1842.
Mr. DROMGrOOLE again rose, when the resolu-
tion had been read, and said he would barelv re-
mark' 
Mr. WHITE rose to a question of order. The
previous question had been ordered on the resulu-
tions just acted upcm, and it was not competent for
the gentleman from Virginianow to move an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER said the main question ordered
under the operation of the previous question, was on
the resolutions which had been severally passed
upon by the House.
Mr. WHITE said, then, if the whole question had
been disposed of, he should like to know how the
gentleman from Virginia could offer any amend-
ment.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he did not offer his res-
olution as an amendment, but as an additional reso-
lution on the same subject.
Mr. WHITE could not conceive how the gentle-
man could now offer any resolution at all.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was under the impression
that, after the previous question had been exhausted
by the adoption of the resolutions on which it was
ordered, he could offer a further resolution on the
same subject; and he offered this resolution as an
additional resolution, and not as an amendment; he
offered it, too, not only in accordance with his own
views on the subject to which it relates, but in con-
formity with the opinions of many of his friends,
who thought that there should be a direct vote on
the validity of the elections by general ticket.
Mr. VANCE objected to the reception of the res-
olution.
Mr. WHITE repeated his objection to the course
proposed to be taken by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
The SPEAKER sustained the views of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mi. White.]
Mr. DROMGOOLE hoped there would be no ob-
jection to the reception of his resolution.
Several members objected.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if it would require a
vote of two-thirds to suspend the rules for the recep-
tion of this resolution.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then moved a suspension of
the rules for that purpose.
Mr. CLINGMAN, Mr. WHITE, Mr. MILTON
BROWN, and others, simultaneously called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered, and being
taken, resulted as follows: yeas 111, nays 62.
YEAS.—Messrs. Anderson, Beardsley, Belser, Benton,
Bidlack, Edwaid J. Black, James Black, Blackwell, Bossier,
Bower, Bowlin Boyd, Jacob Bnnkerhoft", Aaron V. Brown,
William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Cary, Catlin, Reu-
ben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Cobb,
Cullom, Dana, John YV. Davis, Dean, Dillingham, Drom-
foole, Duncan, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fieklin, Foster, French,
yram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Hays,
Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, llubaid, Hubbell,
Hughes, J. B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche,
Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslm, Maclay, McClelland,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, Matthews, Moore, Jo-
seph Morris, Murphv, Norris, Owen, Payne. Emery D. Pot-
ter, Pratt, Purdy, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter,
Robinson, St. John, Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, David
L. Seymour, Simons, Slidell, J. T. Smith, T. Smith, Robert
Smith, Steenrod. Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong,
Sykes, Taylor, Thomson, Tibbatts. Tucker, Weller, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Williams, Woodwaid, Joseph A. Wright,
and Yost—111.
NAYS—Messrs, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer, Barnard,
Brodhead, Milton Brown, Buffington, Campbell, Carroll,
Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Cranston, G. Davis, Deberry,
Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Fish, Florence, Foot, Frick, W,
Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Washing-
ton Hunt, Charles J. Illgersoll, Irvin, Jenks. PeileyB. John-
son, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris,
Morse, Moseley, Newton, Patterson, Peyton, Elisha R. Pot-
ter, Ramsey, Ravner, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Rogers,
Sample, Sentel," Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stephens, Summers, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
White, and Winthrop—62.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
(No. 1) which proposes to repeal the second sec-
tion of the apportionment act.
The SPEAKER remarked that such a motion
could only only be entertained by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BROWN then moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to make the motion.
And upon suspending the rules, the yeas were
ordered, and being taken, resulted, as follows—yeas
102, nays 73.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the rules
were not suspended.
Mr. HAMMETT asked and obtained-leave to
present a memorial from certain citizens of Natchez,
which was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEVY asked permission to offer a resolu-
tion, calling on the Secretary of State to furnish to
the House such information as might be in his pos-
session respecting the late demand on the part of
British government, for the surrender of certain
criminals in the Territory of Florida, under the 10th
article of the treaty of Washington.
Mr. ADAMS observed that this was an inquiry
which, it appeared to him, should be made with the
usual qualification, and not of the Secretary of St^te,
but of the President of the United States. It should
be a request to the President, to communicate to
this House such information, if not inconsistent
with the public interests.
Mr. LEVY modified his resolution in accordance
with the suggestion of Mr. Adams; and it was then
adopted.
A message from the President of the United
States was delivered to the Speaker by Robert Ty-
ler, esq.
Mr. STEENROD moved a suspension of the
rules, iai order to receive reports from committees
which would not give rise to debate.
Upon this motion, the yeas and nays were de-
manded, but not ordered.
A division being called for, the votes were count-
ed, and reported by the Speaker to be—yeas 97,
nays 41. The rules were accordingly suspended.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
A bill was reported from the Committee of Claims
for the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole, and made the order of the day for to-
morrow; and the bill and report were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims,
made several reports; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VANCE also reported a bill for the relief of
William Latrobe and others; which was referred to
the Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, from the same com-
mittee, made adverse reports in several cases:
which reports were laid upon the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of James E. Watson; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow; and
the accompanying report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also reported a bill for the relief of Charles
M. Gibbs; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole to-morrow, and the
report ordered to lie on thetable and to be printed.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill, which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and the
bill and report were ordered to be printed.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Lewis Eldridge;
which was twice read, and referred to the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made an unfavorable report on the
resolution-of the House, directing said committee to
inquire into the expediency of abolishing the office
of keeper of the public archives in Florida.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS of Indiana, the Com-
mittee oil Public Lands was discharged from the
consideration of that portion of the joint resolutions
of the legislature of Indiana, which related to the
subject of a reduction of postages; and the same was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill to amend the act entitled "An
act to discontinue the _ offices of the surveyors gen-
eral, in certain land districts, as soon as their sur-
veys are completed: read twice and referred.
Mr. DAVIS, from the same committee, reported
a bill to permit actual settlers on the public lands to
enter an additional quarter section: read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. DAVIS, from the same committee, to which
had been referred the bill giving the assent of Con-
