Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Protective system,—Mr. Bates.
Senate.
would otherwise be shipped to Liyerpool and Havre.
Mr. Piesident, it is the first time I ever heard
it said there was any particular advantage in be-
ing obliged to go a great way to market, or
to null. But what is navigation? It is to the
country what a farmer's wagon is to his farm—an
instiument by which he conveys his surplus prod-
uce to market, and brings back ita return. Navi-
gation is but a continuation of the same journey by
other agencies. Now, the honorable senator says,
a blow at navigation is more injurious to the nation
than the protective system can be beneficial—that
is, a blow at the wagon is more injurioug than the
juotection of the form can be beneficial. I do not
think so. The wagon, let it be remembered, is a
market wagon. The best way to patronize even the
wagon is to protect the farm, the labor upon the
iarm, the workshop, the mines—to make all as pro-
ductive as possible. But admit (what is undoubted-
ly true) that a long journey costs more than a short
one, that the transportation from New Orleans to
Liverpool would cost more money than from New
Orleans to Providence or Boston: what does that
show? No particular advantage to the countnj, cer-
tainly. If any thing, only an advantage to the nav-
igating interest. This was the point of the senator's
aigument. Is he right in this? Under the recipro-
city treaties, from one-third to one-half the freight
from New Orleans to Liverpool or Havre will be ta-
ken by foreign bottoms. The coasting trade is ex-
clusively our own. From the 400,000 bales of cot-
ton manufactured into cloth m the United States, an
immense commercial business springs up coastwise.
Not only coastwise, but portions of the same bales
of cotton, m the form of cotton cloth, give freight to
Honduras, to Brazil, round Cape Horn to Chili,
and lound the Cape of Good Hope to China. Yet
(he senator, as the particular friend and advocate of
navigation, advises the surrendry, the annihilation
of this coasting trade and home business,
so far as relates to cotton, for the chance
of freight to Liverpool and Havre. This is sac-
rificing-not merely the farm to the wagon, but the
farm and the wagon both. Commerce and naviga-
tion depend upon the subjects of commerce; and
these, again, depend upon the productive industry
ol the people, to which the protective system is so
eminently subsidiary.
But the honorable sentator kindles into a flame of
admiration at the results of the dispersed condition
of Bntish territory. Her commercial marine, and
her military marine, he says, "aie her boast and
her glory, and our maiitime States aie. compelled,
hypaitia! legislation, to neglect the like great ad-
vantages which their position so much favors, and
which, the senator says, it would be our best policy
to encourage." The senator has only to detach
these States from each other, and to dot the world
over with them—to belt it with them so that the
sun, m his language, shall never set upon some of
them—or rather, as 1 think, so that it would soon set
foiever on all of them—and he will realize the ad-
vantages he dreams of. We should then have abun-
dant occasion for slops, and for a military marine.
Gre.it Britain makes the best of her condition. The
senator seems to covet the very evils from which
ours exempts us. For myself, 1 am quite content
with our posit ion as it is, in a compact form.
Washed by two oceans, we have "sea room"
enough; and we have no need of a marine, military
or otherwise, but to freight our commerce and de-
fend our country as it is.
Mr. President, the protective system, in my be-
lief is, in all its bearings, beneficial to the whole
country; as beneficial to the South as to the North;
piejudieial to no part of it. The rays of it may fall
less directly upon some sections, than upon others,
but they fall beneficently upon all.
With the indulgence of the Senate, I will now
proceed to consider some objections. The protect-
ive system, it Is said, augments the piice of the pro-
tected articles to the consumer. The fact is noto-
rious, standing out as prominently as the Alleghany
mountains in the sunlight, that you buy them
cheaper than you ever did before. But, it is said,
this is m spite, and not by the aid, or as a conse-
quence, of the protective system. I know very well
that the seasons, peace, war, the currency, and al-
most everything else, act upon price. But expe-
rience has developed and demonstrated the great law
to which my friend from Maine [Mr. Evans] al-
luded—'"that price is governed by supply and demand."
Supply, again, on the one hand, depends upon the
■various causes to which I have referred. Demand,
on the other, depends upon the wants of the people,
connected with their ability to buy. If there be no
ability to buy, their wants have no effect upon de-
mand. The ability of the people to buy, again, de-
pends upon their labor, their employment, their
wages, high or low, profitable or otherwise. Now,
let us apply this law to the protective system. You
impose a high duty upon a given article. If it check
the importation of it, it will raise the price, because
it will lessen the supply, the demand continuing
equiil. But if it have a further effect to produce an
equivalent supply of the same or a similar article in
the country, it will have no effect upon the price.
The supply will be the same. But if it have the
still further effect to produce in the country more
than an equivalent supply, it will reduce the price,
because it will increase the supply. This is the
operation of the protective system. It answers the
free trade inquiry, how it can be that high duties
make low prices. And the effect of the system has
been, with regard to most of the protected articles,
while it checked importation on the one hand, to
produce on the other more than an equivalent supply.
It will be so with regard to all such articles as our
country has the means of immediately bringing into
market. But, if a duty were put, for instance, upon
oianges, it would check importation, and would
probably raise the price of them. It certainly would,
if the orange groves are not in a condition imme-
diately to yield an equivalent supply, unless there
are other causey acting to diminish the price abroad.
But as soon as the planters could grow the trees and
supply the market, the price would fall, and most like-
ly below what it was before the duty was imposed.
The tendency is to over production, in our country
particularly. A duty on cordage and sail cloth
would at first raise the price of these articles, if the
condition of the country, of the hemp grower, and
the manufacturer, was not such as immediately to
furnish a supply. But, whenever it should become
so, the duty would have no effect upon price, except
to reduce it. Now, the fact that the market is full
of the protected articles is not only known to all,
but the senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Wood-
bury] admitted it in his speech. "Even now," he
said, "the stimulus to over production keeps a sur-
plus on hand; and it, goes on increasing, with a ten-
dency to break up the manufacturers." Thus he
yielded the point upon which the whole question
turns, as the senator from South Carolina yielded
the principle upon which his opposition rests, when
he said, you may discriminate in favor of the poor,
and ill favor of navigation. Whatevei other causes
may have contributed to the result, the fact is un-
doubted, that the protective system, instead of aug-
menting, has reduced the price of protected articles
to the consumer. They are bought now, in my
opinion, much cheaper than they will be when our
market comes to bo yielded up to foreigners, if that
event, which seems to be so much desired by some
gentlemen, should ever happen.
But it is asked, as if admitting of no answer, if
protection docs not raise prices, why do you want
it' Sir, we want, it, as 1 have said before, to give
occupation to labor; to give occupation to laud and
labor. We want it continued to give security, and
pernuuiencc, and stability to both. We want it,
not that the laborer shall get double wages, but that
he shall get work at single wages. We want it as
you want a fence about your field, not that it makes
the wheat grow taller or heavier, but that, when you
sow it, you may have some reasonable prospect of
being able to reap it. Sir, you will not be likely to
throw away your seed, nor to expend your labor,
when it is otherwise.
But, Mr. President, if the efl'eet of the system
was to raise prices, does it not return you a thou-
sand fold more than an equivalent, in the improved
market it gives you—in the secure market it gives
you—a home market? and in the national independ-
ence it establishes for you? No nation can call itself
independent that relies upon a foreign supply either
of the, means of subsistence or of defence. It is at
best but a tenant at the will of others. But, as
more appropriate to this mere money objection, does
not the protective system give you more than an
equivalent for any imagined advance of price it
makes, in the national wealth it creates, as exhibit-
ed in the general thrift of the people, and in the na-
tional strength it gives?
There is a sophism, Mr. President, which has
been used with great effect against the protective
system, which I wish to expose. It may be called
the free-trade syllogism, "It is best to buy where
you can buy cheapest. You can buy abroad cheap-
er thau you can at home. Therefore, it is best to
buy abroad." I deny the truth of,the major propo-
sition. Under certain circumstances, it is true; but
in application to the subject in hand, there is
nothing in the Alcoran more false than it is. Price
is not the only thing to be considered in making a
purchase, nor the chief thing. The first and most
important consideration is, of whom to buy—a mem-
ber of your own family, of your own neighborhood
or town, of a countryman in whom you have eome
interest, or of a foreigner in whom you have less.
The next consideration, which was forcibly illustra-
ted by my friend from Maine, is the mode of pay-
ment; and last, and least, is the price. The prede-
cessor of the senator from South Carolina, discuss-
ing the'subject of the tariff, told the Senate that a
friend of his, returning from abroad, informed him
that prices were much lower there than in the United
States. The coat that cost him say" but $20 there,
•would have cost him $30 here. Now, I say, the
.the coat cost the country jt 50, instead of -$90. The
American farmer, manufacturer, and tailor, lost $30,
while the price paid was $20. Let me push the
illustration further, and the truth will show itself. If
it were best for the senator's friend to do this, then,
Mr. President, it is best for you, for me, for all the
people, to do likewise. If it is best thus to buy our
coats, then to buy our hats, boots, shoes—all our
clothing. If our clothing, then our furniture, and
whatsoever else we can buy cheaper out of the coun-
try than we can buy in it. What will be the effect?
Our own people, who had the materials and skill to
supply these various articles, are thrown out of em-
ployment. Do you say, not so? Let them do some-
thing else. The answer is, they cannot. They
have their trades. They have their establish-
ments, which they cannot afford to sacrifice.
Moreover, what else shall they do ? If they
are thrown upon the farming or planting inter-
ests, both are overstocked now. The more they
produce, the less they will get. Time is money.
I repeat, sir, the coat cost the country much more
than the $20 paid for it. And, Mr. President,Jet
me say, by-the-bye, that henceforward no man will
be a President of the United States, nor a Vice
President, who does not wear an American coat,
body, cape, lining, pockets, buttons, American
throughout, and not occasionally but habitually. It
fits better, and looks better, and is better.
Perhaps, sir, there may be some young man, or
old gentleman, within the hearing of my voice,
whose clothes, while he has been waiting upon
Congress to have his claim adjusted, begin to grow
rusty; and he may want a new hat. He goes to
the shops, and he can buy one for $4 cash, or one
of the same kind for $5, and pay in his work. The
hatter wants his books posted, and the bills made
out for his customers, and will allow him the cus-
tomary price for his services in doing it. I need not
ask you, if he be a sensible young man, which hat
lie will take. It costs him nothing. Better than
that; while he is paying for it, he is kept from evil.
But if he could readily elsewhere first convert his
labor into money, then the case would occur in
which the proposition would be true: "It is best to
buy where you can buy cheapest." Ceteris paribus,
all other things being equal, the article being the
product of home labor, and the mode of pay-
ment equally facile, then buy where you can buy
cheapest.
The unsoundness of the theory that the producer
of the exports pays the impost duties, has been
sufficiently exposed by the honorable senators who
have gone before me, [Mr. Evans, Humtiwgton, and
Mr. Phelps;] as if the temperance man, who froze
and exported his ice, paid the duty on his neigh-
bor's glass of brandy; or the farmer in Ohio, who
exported a barrel of flour, paid any more duty than
he who made another barrel, and consumed it in his
family. I buy a bale of cotton of the senator from
South Carolina, and pay him for it. It becomes the
representative of my labor then, not of his. What
I pay becomes the representative of his labor, not
of mine. His interest in the bale of cotton is
thenceforward common to that of every other citi-
zen of the United States.
But suppose his circle of free trade to be estab-
lished: is it not apparent that an arc of the circle
would soon be wanting? Necessity is a sterner law
than any you can pass. The people, thrown out of
employment, would be unable to purchase the re-
turn cargoes of foreign goods. At that pomt de-
mand would cease. The senator thinks otherwise.
