298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Protective system—Mr. Bates.
Senate.
But, in my judgment, he might as well attempt.to
replace a segment in the orb of Jupiter, if it were
missing, as to get a home market for his goods by
any other means than resorting to the system which
he now denounces.
And, sir, let me ask, is it not very well for the
cotton as it is? Is there any better business now
than planting cotton? If there be, whence comes it
to pass that the South does not go into it?
The senator from South Carolina inquired, sup-
posing the United States to be a baronial estate,
whether atiy man would be so demented as to de-
stroy the cotton crop. Certainly not. But let me
follow this baronial estate further, and imagine the
honorable senator to be the owner of it: what would
he do? Sir, first of all, he would fall upon his knees,
and thank his Maker that he had given him such a
rich, broad, and more than princely or imperial do-
main, with such a variety of soil and climate, with
such an immense diversity, without the least con-
flict of interest. He wpuld then turn his attention
anxiously and devotedly to the happiness of the, mil-
lions of his people. He would first give them all oc-
cupation as a source of wealth to himself, and as a
security against vice, afid a nursery of virtue to
them. He would then plant school-houses all over
his domain, with good, educated, religious teachers
in them, that his people (I will not imagine them
vassals) might learn their duty, and their destiny.
If he had any surplus products, he would export
them. And what, sir, would he bring back in re-
turn? The things that his people could make as
well as not at home; and which, if they did not make,
they would be idle? No, sir; no, sir. No such
thing. If he delighted to please his people and to
see them happy, he would bring the comforts, and
perhaps the luxuries which they could not furnish.
The residue, if such there was, he would bring back
in money. With this, he would make roads and
canals, clear out rivers and harbors, make harbors
if necessary to save the lives of his people. He
would accommodate all parts of his domain by fa-
cilities of intercommunication; and if he had the
means, he would embellish and garnish it, and
clothe it in beauty. This, sir, is what the senator
would do. He would not give up his cotton patch;
but he would not sacrifice twelve millions of his
people to it.
Mr. President, there is one other consideration nf
grave moment, in my estimation, which I wish to
present to the Senate. Senators seem to forget un-
der what form of government we live; by what
means this republican structure of ours is to be sup-
ported; what the people must be; what the charactcr
of the people must be; and upon what that charac-
tcr depends. The power of steam, it has been said,
has bridged over the Atlantic. It has brought us
into close proximity to other nations. Now, sir,
let the jubilee of free trade begin. Throw open
your ports and martiets, and beckon the nations
hither. Let the people of every tribe, kindred, and
tongue, come with their motley products. As I have
often said before, and as I think most truly, the peo-
ple of the United States, standing side by side in
the same market-place, on the same wharf, or upon
the decks of the same or contiguous ships with for-
eigners, must sell as cheap as they do, or not sell at
all. If they sell as cheap, then it follows they must
work as cheap—for a shilling, mnepence, sixpence,
or less, by the day. And if they are obliged to
work as cheap as they do, then, of necessity," they
must live as cheap as they do. Now, sir, to say
nothing of feeding our people as they are fed, clo-
thing them as they are clothed, sheltering them as
they are sheltered,—what, let me ask you, is to be-
come of our common schools—the nurseries of free-
men—the only nurseries which Providence, in its
infinite benignity, has vouchsafed to us? What is
to ring the bell of the village church, or keep the
candle burning upon the altar of either religion or
liberty? What is to become of an educated, intelli-
gent, virtuous yeomanry—the glory o# our land—
the glory of any land—the only basis upon which
a republican government can stand an hour? Gone,
sir; gone forever—sunk to the low level of the deep
degradation of the common labor of the world. Let
it be remembered that here the people are sovereign;
they make the laws. There the people have little
or no agency in the government; the throne only is
seen, and a few stars revolving around it. Here the
people must be educated, must be virtuous, or you
nave mistaken your government. I tell you, sir, that
all your free institutions, all you have that is worth the
having, the last hope of freedom to the common peo-
ple, the last bud of promise that springs from fcarth
to them, are all deeply rooted, grounded in the
protective system. And he who shall destroy it
will extinguish the last light that throws a glimmer
along the pathway of labor, from the time when it
takes up its burden until it lays it down upon the
low bank by the side of the place where the weary
will be at rest. ,
What is it that gives to .a republican government
its value, its popular charm? ' What is it that gives
it its spirit-stirring and hope-inspiring influence?
That consecrates and enthrones it in heart of the
common people? It is not merely that it protects
the lives, but mainly that it protects the labor of
the people, that with the fruits of it they may ele-
vate and improve their own condition ana character.
For what is the government of Him who governs
the world designed, but to elevate, refine, and im-
prove the character of his people as tending to the
glory of his own. Mr. President, your constitution
is nothing, the right of suffrage is nothing, the laws
of liberty are nothing, all are nothing, but as great'
instrumentalities to this one end—the protection of
the labor of the people, that they may enjoy the
fruits of it, and with them improve their condition,
and elevate and refine their character. And if this
object be notaccomplished, better by far live under
a government. that imposes upon the people no re-
sponsibility, and exacts of them no care. Better be
born a slave than made a slave. Better be a slave
by a perpetual, irrepealable ordinance of law, than
by the necessity of. one's condition. Bring the
labor of this country into, direct contact and compe-
tition with the labor of other nations, you in effect
transfer and install their people here, and you trans-
fer and enslave our people there. You inevitably as-
similate and equalize their condition, elevating to some
extent, perhaps, the one, ^nd debasing the other. You
may as well attempt to keep the waters that lave
your Atlantic seaboard upon a higher level than
those which beat upon the continent of Europe or
break upon the coral of India, as the people of this
country, in contact and competition with the labor
of Europe and Asia, permanently upon a higher
basis than the laboring people of those countries
are; or the water of one of two confluent rivers up-
on a higher level than the other, while they flow on
together until they are merged in the great deep.
Mr. President, it may be worth a wise man's
consideration how long this downward tendency of
things would be endured by the freemen of this
country. They are most of them laboring men up-
on the farm, or in the workshop, or in some form
of service. One of these men sees his wages be-
coming less and less and less every day; his food
becoming pooier and poorer and poorer every day;
the clothes of his wife and children growing thinner
and thinner and thinner every day. With no
means to send his children to school, and no school
to send them to—these young beings, destined to
immortality—stars to shine forever, or to be
quenched in the "outer darkness"—their destiny
eminently depending upon him and his. How long,
think you, Mr. President, this would be endured !
The people of this country have drunk deeply at
the fountains which their fathers Opened for them
—the wells of Jacob—the sweet waters of life—of
the life of liberty. How long, I ask you, sir, would
this be endured? I will not answer. I will only
say, if they permit such a night of darkness as I
have contemplated to set in upon them, it will be a
night to which no morning—no sweet morning of
liberty—will ever succeed, for them.
Mr. President, I was delighted to hear the sena-
tor from South Carolina say, that they at the
South could rival the North in manufactures. "We
have steam, he said, and water power, and every
advantage. The southern negro is much more
efficient than the Mexican, and ten times more
than the East Indian. Slave labor is the cheapest
labor in the world. You of the North, if you can-
not bear a competition with the free labor of Eng-
land, much less can you with the slave labor of the
South." I did not know but there was some moral
or physical obstacle in the way of it at the South. I
rejoice to know it is otherwise. But in what posi-
tion does this admission put the South? The South
has a monopoly of the cotton crop, which is inter-
dicted to us by our climate. The South can excel us
in manufactures. And yet, the South quarrels with
us for doing that which is all we can do, or for de-
siring the means which only will enable us to do
even that. .The South has the option of two ways,
bot|i better for it than for us; and yet quarrels with
us that we take either, when we can only take but
one.
Slave labor, he says, is the cheapest labor in the
world, and we cannot compete with it. If the peo-
ple were to be reared as slaves are reared, educated
as slaves are educated, and worked as slaves are
worked, under the impulses of an overseer, perhaps
. we might compete wiA it, for we should then be
slaves ourselves. But'if it depends upon this condi-
tion, perhaps, we never shall. No, sir; if we are to
be reared as slaves are reared in order to do it, per- ■
haps we never shall desire it. No, sir, no. "Come
one, come all," we never will do it.
Mr. President, I wish to avail myself of this oc-
casion to disabuse the public mind, by stating what
it is which the friends of the protective system de-
sire. It is not that you raise a dollar more money
than is needed for a wise, economical administra-
tion of this government, but that you derive it from
impost duties as far as you can; and, in doing it,
that you discriminate, so as to protect the labor of
your own country; the farmer in his wool, in his
wheat, in his hemp, and in all the products of his
farm; the planter in his cane, cotton, rice, and to-
bacco; the mechanic and the manufacturer in the
fruits of their industry and skill. This is all that
is asked, and all that is needed. To the consumer,
who, if anybody beside the importing merchant,
pays the duty, it will make no difference. When a
given amount of money is required, whether it be
raised upon one article, or upon one hundred arti-
cles, it is in effect the same. He may as well pay
a dollar in the gross as in parts. Not that I have
the least doubt of the power of this government to
prohibit the importation of whatever the interests of
commerce ■ or the general welfare require. The
mother country, in our colonial state, had the power
to "regulate commerce;" in virtue of which, the
colonies conceded to her the .power as well to im-
pose duties on imports for the regulation of trade,
as the power to prescribe what articles might be
imported, in what vessels, and from what countries.
The colonies each had the power to raise revenue by
impost duties, which power was exercised for pro-
tection then as now. Both powers, well defined by
long usage, and well understood, were, after the
revolution, in all their amplitude, granted to this
government by the people of the States. And they
were granted expressly because the States, acting
separately, could not exercise them uniformly, and
therefore effectively for the whole. The grants
stand in the constitution as the power "to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, (in order)
to pay the debts and provide for the common de-
fence and general welfare of the United States;" and
as the power "to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the several States and with
the Indian tribes." Commerce, as here used—
the commerce of the constitution—includes not mere-
ly navigation or the shipping interest; not merely
the instruments, but all the subjects and means of
commerce, external and internal, except only within
the limits of each State. And as no small share of
the revenue derived from impost duties is viitually
paid by the foreign producer in the reduced price at
which he is thereby obliged to sell, and some ap-
proach to an indemnity is thereby made for more
than a hundred million of dollars, whieh foreign
nations levy upon our exports, the system of deriv-
ing revenue from imports strongly commends itself
to the country. I repeat, sir, raise no more money
than you need; not one dollar more; but in raising
it, protect and favor the industry of the people. This
is all that is asked. And if Congress has not the
power to do this—the power to protect the means by
which we live, as well as life itself,—the constitu-
tion is a thing not worth having
Mr. President, I will make one other remark, and
detain the senate no longer. The unmitigated, un-
brotherly hostility of some portions of the South to
a system which has become vital to the North, and
which, so far as my State at least is concerned, was
imposed originally without her consent, and against
her vote, has done more towards begetting a recip-
rocal feeling, of which there is so much complaint,
and which is the source of so much discomfort, and
of so much regret, than all other causes combined.
Kindness begets kindness; hostility the reverse.
"Be to her faults a little blind, be to her virtues
very kind," is a piece of homely matrimonial ad-
vice, upon which, if the States of this Union would
act towards each other, our national as well as our
family jars would soon come to an end, much to the
happiness and good of ftll.
