284
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5 to the sale of certain salt springs, in thp State
' of Michigan, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana presented instructions
from six hundred citizens of Daviess county, Indiana,
upon the subject of the Wabash and Erie canal:
laid on the table.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Public Lands,
to which the subject had been referred, made a re-
port accompanied by a bill to authorize the selec-
tion of certain school lands in the Territories of
Florida, Iowa, and Wisconsin: read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole, and the re-
port ordered to be printed.
Mr. MeCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to authorize repay-
ment for lands sold by the United States without
authority: read twice, and referred to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to amend the act entitled an act to car-
ry into effect, in the States of Alabama and Missis-
sippi, the existing compacts in regard to the five per
cent, fund and school reservations: read twice, and
referred.
Mr. C., also, from the same committee, to which
had been referred the bill to authorize the governor
of Arkansas to make a selection of certain salt
springs belonging to said State, reported the same
back to the House without amendment; and,
On motion of Mr. VANCE, it was referred to the
Committee of the Whole House; and the bill and
report were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the memorial of  
Kennan and George W. Manypenny, made a report
thereon; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAVID S. REID, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial of   
Thompson and others, of Alabama; which was laid
on the table at the suggestion of Mr. Houston, who
said that he wished to contest the report in the
House.
Mr. R., also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Adam S. Mills; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. WILKINS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, moved that the committee be discharged
from the consideration of the memorial of the heirs
of James Reeside.
It was impossible (he said) for any standing com-
mittee of the House to wade through the voluminous
and complicated accounts connected with this case.
It ought (he said) to be referred either to a select
committee, or to the proper accounting officers of
the government. He, however, for the present,
moved to lay the subject on the table.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that this subject
be referred to a special committee.
After some conversation, m which Mr. WIL-
KINS, Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, Mr. SAUNDERS,
and Mr. STEENROD took part, the Judiciary Com-
mittee was discharged from the further consideration
of this subject, and it was referred to a select com-
mittee of five persons; and the report of the Judici-
ary Committee was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Robert C. Ward; which
was read twice and committed to the Committee of
the Whole House; and the bill and the report were
ordered to be printed.
Mi. FRENCH, from the same committee, report-
ed adversely on a memorial from the bar of St.
Louis, praying for a lav/ requiring the holding of a
term of the circuit court in October of each year at
that place for the fair, full, and final transaction of
business as at the April term. The committee was
discharged from its further consideration.
Mr. FRENCH also made various adverse reports
from the Committee on the Judiciary; and the com-
mittee was discharged from their further consider-
ation.
Mr. CROSS, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Walter S.
Cannon, and another; which were read twice and
committed.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill granting a pension to Milly,
an Indian woman of the Creek nation; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
reported a bill for the .relief of George Wallace;
winch was read twice and committed.
Mr. COLES, from tire Committee on Military
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of Freeman, of the
Marine Corps; which was agreed to.
Mr. HARDIN, from the same committee, report-
ed back a bill, which had been referred to that com-
mittee with an amendment; which was ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made several adverse reports, and the
committee was discharged from their further consid-
eration.
Mr. ATKINSON, from the same committee,
made a like motion, with the same result.
Mr. THOMASSON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill making an appro-
priation to carry into effect the defining of the
boundaries between Texas and the United States;
which was read twice and committed to .the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of various memo-
rials; which was agreed to.
Mr. I. also made a report from the same
committee on various memorials on the subject of
a more economical management of our foreign mis-
sions: ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Sarah Parker, widow of
Joseph Parker.
A bill for the relief of Henry Freeman.
A bill for the relief of John Rose.
Mr. STEENROD, from the same committee,
reported a bill making compensation to pension
agents; which was read twice and committed.
The SPEAKER now announced that the hour
had expired for which the rules were suspended.
Mr. DUNCAN hoped he should be permitted to
make a report with which he was charged.
Mr. BOYD moved that the rules be suspended
for the reception of reports from committees that
would not give rise to debate; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported a bill making an appropriation
to defray the expense of the legislative assembly of
the Territory of Wisconsin, for the year 1844;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, obtained the discharge of that committee
from the further consideration of several memorials.
Mr. MORRIS and Mr. ALBERT SMITH made
like motions, with the same result.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Daniel
Denham; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee of tl?e Whole House.
Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF, from the same
committee, made an adverse report in the case of
William Kellar. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief Owen
Strong; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and the bill and report were ordered
to be printed.
On motion ofMr. JAMESON, the Commttee on
Public Lands were discharged from the further
consideration of certain resolutions of the legislature
of Missouri.
Mr. JAMESON reported a substitute for bill No.
5; which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the- Whole House and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BURKE, from the Joint Committee on the
Library, reported a joint resolution; which was
read three times, and passed.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Thomas Allen;
and the same was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Richard Ellis; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole House and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House adjourn.
I Upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded and ordered; and being taken; resulted as
follows—yeas 75, nays 61.
And at ten minutes past 3 o'clock,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. LABRANCHE: Petition of Beverly
Chew and others, survivors of Beale's rifle compa-
ny, of Louisiana: referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON: Petition of Field-
ing S. Brown for a pension for disability incurred in
the service of the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. Also, the memorial of
Reuben H. Grant, agent of Jubal B. Hancock, pro-
testing against the confirmation of the claim of Ala-
batcha, a Choctaw Indian woman: referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs!.
By Mr. BOWLIN: Memorial of James M. Tem-
pleton and many others, practical engineers of St.
Louis, Missouri, in support of the objects of the
memorial of the engineers of Cincinnati, heretofore
referred to the Committee on Commerce: referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. FARLEE: Petition of A. W. Hoyt and
37 others of the county of Sussex, State of New
Jersey, and county of Orange, in the State of New
York, for a post road from Deckertown, in said
county of Sussex, to Minisink post office, in said
county of Orange: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. FICKLIN: Memorial of J. C. Hilliberf
and 179 others of Clarke county, Illinois, asking an
appropriation of certain refuse lands for the com-
pletion of the national thoroughfare between the
lakes and the Ohio, by the improvement of the nav-
igation of the Wabash.
By Mr. McILVAINE: Petition of citizens of
Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Erie.
By Mr. HOGE: Petition and accompany docu-
ments of Mary H. Hogue, widc^v of Samuel L.
Hogue, deceased, praying relief from ajudgment re-
covered by the United States against the estate of
the said Samuel L. Hogue: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. Petition of William C. Bost-
wick and one hundred and forty other citizens of
the city of Galena, in the State of Illinois, praying
the establishment of a maile route from the said
city of Galena, via Bellview to Andrew, in the
county of Jackson and Territory of Iowa: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Petition of David Jewett and seventy-one other citi-
zens of the State of Illinois, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Pekatonua, in the coun-
ty of Winnebago, to Rock Grove, in the county of
Stephenson, in said State of Illinois: referred to the
Committee on the Post Offices and Post Roads.
Petition of D. Edgerton and 81 other citizens of
Knox county, in the State of Illinois, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege, and the reduc-
tion of the rates of postage: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Offices and Post Roads. Peti-
tion of Joy Sperry, Isaac Richards, and 51 other
citizens of the counties of McDonough and Han-
cock, in the State of Illinois, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Macomb in McDonough
county, via Blandensville, La Harpe, Camp creek,
Pontoome, and Appanooce to Nauvoo, in said coun-
ty of Hancock: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. OWEN: Memorial of Jacob Hester-
man and 229 other citizens of the United States,
and residents of Dubois county, Indiana, in the Ger-
man language, praying an appropriation of unsold
lands in the Vincennes land district, to "complete the
thoroughfare from Lake Erie to the Ohio river, by;
improvement of the Wabash river. Memorial of
William Davis and 29 others, to the same effect.
Memorial of William Whittlesey and -10 others,
praying a similar appropriation of land to complete
the same thoroughfare by the completion of the
Wabash and Erie Canal.
By Mr. HARPER: Petition of Daniel M. Adams
and 58 other citizens, of the counties of Knox,
Franklin and Licking, Ohio, praying a reduction
of the present rates of postage, &c.
By Mr. GEORGE W. JONES: Petition of John
W. Custer for pay for a horse lost in the Florida
war: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. SLIDELL: Petition of Peter Lardlaw,
register of land office at New Orleans, praying to
be allowed office rent.
