GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR
AND RIVES
AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE
Cong 1st Sess.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1844
[Continued from No. IS. |
application of that rule, though he was inclined to
think that it would apply in a manner different
from that intended by the gentleman. In conclu-
sion, he would detract nothing from the meritorious
services of our officers and soldiers. Heaven forbid
that he should; but there were other individuals in
the community, who have as strong claims on the
sympathy and gratitude of the country, as the of-
ficers of the navy, who have fought the battles of
the country in time of peace. There were the
fathers of the revolution, who had as strong claims
and the principle sought to be established in this
bill ought, with as much justice, to be applied to
them as to the navy officers.
Mr. WELLER observed that this was the day
assigned for the consideration of private bills, and it
certainly should be the object of gentlemen to pro-
ceed to that business without unnecessary delay, if
they wished to avoid a protracted session. This
bill had, in his opinion, been amply discussed;
every gentleman had made up his mind on it; and if
the discussion were continued, it would be only on
collateral questions connected with the subject. If
he believed that any advantage would result to the
House or the country by continuing'this debate, he
would not make the motion which he rose to offer;
but, believing" that nothing could be gained by it, he
moved the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the call for
the previous question, and resulted in aves 57,
noes 34. J
No quorum voting, tellers were tailed for and or-
dered; when
Mr. HALE moved to lay the bill on the table; and
called for the yeas and nays on the question, which
were ordered; and the roll being called, resulted in
yeas 64, nays 92.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN asked if it would be in order to
offer an amendment, provided the gentleman from
Ohio withdrew the previous question.
Mr. WELLER said that he could not withdraw
the call for the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated the main question to be
on the amendment to insert the words, "and there
being no parent, the minor brothers and sisters."
The question being taken, resulted—ayes 62, noes
66.
So the amendment was rcjccted.
The question then came up on engrossing the bill
for a third reading; and on this question the yeas
and nays having been ordered, resulted in yeas
110, nays 67.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
The House next took up a bill entitled "A bill for
the relief of JaneMcGuire, widow of Thomas Mc-
Gwire;" which was read a third time and passed.
The House next took up a bill for the relief of
Joseph Kimball, which was awaiting its engross-
ment. °
Some explanations were made by Mr. JOHN-
SON, and Mr. VANCE, the former opposing, and
the latter defending the bill.
The question recurred upon the engrossment and
third reading of the bill.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the bill be laid upon
the table; which was carried.
Mr. G/DDINGS gave notice that he should move
a reconsideration of the vote just given.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if the gentleman
from Ohio had voted in the affirmative; to which
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that he had, and moved
that the further consideration of his motion to re-
consider be postponed until this day week; which
was lost.
The question was then taken upon the motion
for reconsideration, and decided in the negative,
The bill for the relief of Isaac Plummer was or-
dered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Bean was
taken up, the question being upon its engrossment,
and ordering it for a third reading.
™TTh?ie,bate was further continued by Messrs
CULLOM and CAVE JOHNSON; ZS
1 he question was taken on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading, and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 71, noes 69.
bilh^6 qUeStion comill& up on the passage of the
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and resulted in yeas 72,
nays 79. 1
Mr; NEWTON asked leave to withdraw the me-
morial of Mr. Goggio, contesting the seat 'of the
Hon. Thomas W. Gilmer Mr. N. observed that,
in withdrawing his memorial, Mr. Goggin did not
concede that Mr. Gilmer had been duly elected:
but, inasmuch as he had been appointed to a high
office, and had sent his letter of resignation to the
Governor of Virginia, the object Mr. Goggin and
his friends had m view was accomplished, so as t0
allow him a fair opportunity of coming before the
people again as a candidate for election to Congress
* or these reasons, he asked leave to withdraw his
memorial.
The leave asked was granted; and
On motion of Mr. NEWTON
The House adjourned.
l^e Committee on the. Post
Office and Post Roads made a report yesterday on
the petition of Adam L. Mills, with a bill for his
relief; which, on motion of Mr. R., was referred to
the Committee of the Whole House
On motion of Mr. RELFE, the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Gideon and
Kobinson Peters.
i. foil°w'nS petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
By Mr. DANA: Petition and papers of James
Crawford, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. J. W. DAVIS: Petition of George Milton
and one hundred and twenty other citizens of Daviess
county, Indiana, asking a donation of land to assist
m completing the Wabash and Erie canal to the
Ohio river.
By Mr. J. STEWART: Petition of George W.
Clark and others, of Haddam, Connecticut, praying
payment for coping and other stones delivered the
United States, at Fort Adams, Rhode Island: referred
to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. R. SMITH: Memorial of the Rev. John
M. Peck, of Illinois, a passenger on board the steamer
Shepherdess, at the time of the destruction thereof
giving an account of the obstructions to the safe
navigation of the Mississippi river and its tributaries
and calling the attention of Congress to the removal
of the same: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. A. A. CHAPMAN: Petition ®f Mary B.
Francisco, widow of Peter Francisco, deceased
praying for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. BURKE: Petition of Amasa Brown,
praying to be placed on the roll of invalid pensioner?.
By Mi. W. HUNT: Petition of citizens of Orleans
county, for the completion of Oak Orchard harbor.
By Mr. P. B. JOHNSON- Petition of E. Short
and forty-six other citizens of Washington county,
Ohio, praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Morristown, Belmont county, to Lowell, Wash-
ington county: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. BRODHEAD: Petition of Peter S.
Micliler and twenty-eight other citizens of North-
ampton county, Pennsylvania, praying for the pas-
sage of a law exempting canal boats employed in the
coal trade, and the transportation of merchandise and
produce, from coasting licenses: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. ATKINSON: Memorial of the common
council of the borough of Norfolk, asking compen-
sation for the use of the town hall by the United
States: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. HALE: Petition of Mary Pike, for a pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Volume 13....No 19,
Pensions. Also., the petition of Thomas D. Morri-
son, for arrears of pension: referrred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. Also; the petition of
Henry M. Poor and otherst, that Thomas D, Morri-
son may receive arrears of pension: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. Also, the petition
Of Jeremiah Noble and Moses Noble, owners of
schooner Privado, for a fishing bounty: referred to
the Committee on Commerce
By Mr JOSEPH MORRIS: Petition of Josiah
Dillon, asking remuneration for money by him ex-
penned as assistant deputy quartermaster general
for the use of the army of the United State! while
in its service m the year 1814: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims,
By Mr. GILMER: Petition of John or Julia
Pensions * penslon: referred t(> &e Committee on
By Mr. DAWSON: Petition of Mary Bulhcd for
confirmation to land inherited from Adam and John
I inckle, in the parish of East Baton Rouge, Loui-
siana. Also, the petition of a large number of the
citizens of the parish of Madison, Louisiana, for a
donation of public lands to enabl® the parish to
make levees, &c.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of Solomon
Fowler and 33 others, citizens of the Winnamac
and Fort Wayne land districts, in Indiana, praying
that a regulation may be made by law for reclaim-
ing marsh and waste lands in said districts by
drainage.
By Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin: Memorial of
the Council and House of Representatives of the
Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress to amend
the law of the 29th of August, 1842, "for the sup-
port of government in the Territory of Wisconsin,
and other purposes;" and asking that the appropri-
ations for the legislative assembly of said Territory
may be increased to the amount now appropriated
for the Territory of Florida: referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Memorial of the
Council and House of Representatives of the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, asking the passage of a law of
Congress for the sale of the reserved mineral lands
in the said Territory; and that patents may be' is-
sued for lands heretofore sold, under the proclama-
tion of the President of the United States: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 17, 1844.
The minutes of yesterday were read and ap-
proved.
THE RULES OF THE HOUSE.
The _ SPEAKER announced the report of the
Committee on the Rules to be the business in order
for the morning hour.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL was entitled to the floor;
but, in consequence of a hum of conversation which
prevailed through the hall, and the moderate tone,
of voice in which he spoke, he was not very dis-
tinctly heard. He was understood to commence
with the observation that several of the gentlemen
who had opposed the adoption of the 25th rule, and
the motion to recommit with instructions, which
was now pending, particularly the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] had displayed much
parliamentary learning in support of the positions
which they had assumed; but, like
The ctuekcr who went to .shoot the plover,
The aini recoilt'd, ami knockcd him ov<;v.
But, that he might do justice to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, he would read an extract on this
subject. The honorable gentleman here read an ex-
tract in relation to certain precedents set by the Brit-
ish Parliament, which showed that that body hrd
established a rule by which the reception of peti-
tions was refused in advance on certain specified sub-
jects.
He then proceeded to say that these rules went as
far as any thing could go, to establish the fact that
the British House of Commons, in practice, admit-
ted the principle that all legislative bodies must reg-
elate the rules of their proceedings on petitions, as
on other subjects; and that the moment a petition
was presented, the legislative body to which it was
presented had an absolute control over it; and might.
