29ft
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
by a vote, refuse to receive it, or in any other manner
which it thought proper to adopt, such as the rules
of the British Parliament already"referred to, might
absolutely dispose of them. But if the precedents
quoted by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Winthrop] tended to sustain his position, (which
they did not,) he (Mr. C.) would appeal from the
high authority to which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had referred, to the practice of the British
House of Commons and of the American House of
Representatives; and, so far as that gentleman was
himself concerned, he would appeal from his opinion,
solemnly expressed, to his recorded votes given in
the 27th Congress. And in making this reference
to the practice of the American House of Repre-
sentatives, he would only go back to a period which
wiust be still in the recollection of gentlemen on this
floor. He (Mr. C.) was a member of the second
session of the 25th Congress, when they had a reso-
lution which was the result of a conference of south-
ern gentlemen. He was also there at the third ses-
sion of that Congress, when the celebrated Atherton
resolutions were adopted. He was here, too, at the
commencement of the 26th Congress, when the cele-
brated 21st rule (now the 95th) was adopted. He
was also here at the commencement of the first ses-
sion of the 27th Congress, when the party to which
the gentleman from Massachusetts belonged held a
decided majority there—a party which had ever
thought itself the peculiar defender of the right of
petition; and yet, a few days after the meeting of
that Congress, a rule was adopted by which all pe-
titions, except on certain subjects therein referred
to, were refused to be received. That rule of the
first session of the 27th Congress went very far be-
yond the rule now under consideration; by it, not
only the abolition petitions were refused to be re-
ceived, but petitions on all that variety of subjects
(with a few exceptions) over which Congress had
authority by the constitution; and this rule was
passed exclusively by a whig vote, and against the
democratic vote in that House.
Having referred to this comprehensive rule of the
extra session of the 27th Congress, which was em-
phatically a whig rule, he would refer to a few in-
stances of the action of this House during that
whig Congress, in cases arising out of the exercise
of the right of petition; and in doing so, it was not
his intention to cause any unpleasant recollections,
but merely to refer to the precedents in question so
far as was necessary for the purposes of his argu-
ment. During the second session of the 27th Con-
gress, the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] presented a petition which this House
not only refused to receive by a majority of 166 to
40, but a resolution was immediately introduced to
censure that gentleman for presenting it; and subse-
quently a resolution was introduced to expel that
gentleman; and he immediately sprung to his de-
fence, but it was a defence in which he more resem-
bled the stag than the lion at bay; for on many occa-
sions he gave way for motions to lay on the table,
or other purposes, thereby affording proof that lie
was evidently seeking a covert into which he could
drive his pursuers: and well might he do so, for the
defenders of the insulted dignity of this House
were behind him. He (Mr. C.) voted against the
whole of those motions, for which the gentleman
from Massachusetts gave way; not that he had the
■slightest idea of expelling the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, but that the whole subject might go be-
fore the country, and that the attention of the whole
people of this union might be attracted to it, and to
the dangerous and criminal extent to which this pre-
tended right of petition was carried.
Mr. ADAMS rose and made some observation,
which was not audible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was also understood to make
some suggestions to the gentleman from South Car-
olina.
Mr. CAMPBELL resumed, and said he under-
stood the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] was to censure the gentleman
from Massachusetts; he would have moved to expel,
but such a motion would have required a vote of
two-thirds. He (Mr. C.) did not speak on this sub-
ject with the design to hold up the gentleman from
Massachusetts in an offensive manner before this
House for presenting the petition alluded to, for in
doing so the gentleman was but consistent with the
course which he had ever pursued on this floor on
certain subjects.
He then passed on to another case, which occur-
red a few days after that to which he had been just
plluding, upon the question of reception being raised
-on a petition presented by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gidbings,] who seemed to have a remarkable
aptitude in following a bad example. And during
the present session of Congress, (he said,) this House
had refused, at least half a dozen times, to receive
petitions; and he asked what right the House of
Representatives had to refuse to receive one or all of
those petitions, if yet they had not the right to re-
fuse to receive those embraced in the 25th rule? It
might be said that two or three of those petitions
prayed for a dissolution of this Union; and it was
true they did; but in praying for it, they prayed for
its peaceful accomplishment, while the petitions to
which the 25th rule relates would lead to scenes of
contention and blood. He trusted that those gen-
tlemen in this House who now stood up in favor of
the compromises of the constitution, if they were
charged with their conduct, on their return home
among their constituents, would not forget the com-
prehensive rule of the 27th Congress, by which the
whig party, by its recorded vote, declared, in effect,
that this 25th rule was not unconstitutional; for, if
they had a constitutional right to refuse to receive a
single petition, which prayed for a dissolution of
the Union, had they not also the constitutional right
to adopt a rule by which they>refused to receive all
petitions which prayed for the'same thing?
He then referred to a vote of this House, by
which, on a motion made by him, as the organ of a
standing committee of this House, a petition was re-
turned to the gentleman presenting it, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] on the ground that it was a violation of this
25th rule. That vote was not a test of the expedi-
ency of that rule; but it was a test, and a very de-
cisive test, of the constitutionality of that rule. The
constitution of the United States was a permanent
obligation, which no gentleman could violate, with-
out violating the oath, which he took when he took
his seat in this House, to maintain it. He next al-
luded to the course pursued by the democracy of
New Hampshire on this subject, by which abolition,
like a noxious weed, had been uprooted from her
granite soil.
He appealed to the gentlemen before him, and
asked whether the course pursued by the democracy
upon this subject had not had a tendency to strength-
en, rather than weaken, the cause. He would not
presume to offer advice to the democracy; but he
would say that the people of this country had a
right to demand of that party, who were now in
power, that the business of the session should be
transacted, without being interfered with by agita-
tions upon the subject of petitions in relation to
slavery. They all knew that, if such petitions
were received and referred, almost the entire time of
Congress would be occupied in vain. It was too
late for them to discuss the policy of the course
which had been adopted and pursued by themselves
upon the subject of abolition petitions. Whether
that course were originally wise or not, the reversal
of that course now would undoubtedly offer to the
abolitionists an encouragement to persevere in their
efforts to disturb the peace of this Union. Unless
the 25th rule, or a similar one, were continued in
force, they might expect continually-recurring ex-
citement upon this, the most dangerous and porten-
tous subject which had ever, perhaps, been agitated,
in the history of the world. The operation of that
rule had been productive already of favorable re-
sults; for it must be evident to every gentleman in
the House that the number of abolition petitions
had greatly decreased. There was now a petition
of that class seldom presented, except by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] and the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] Indeed, so
scarce had they become, that the gentleman from
Massachusetts, m the last Congress, had kept be-
fore him a petitition which he had in his possession,
to the amusement of the galleries, and the inconve-
nience of himself, for a length of time. He trusted
the House would continue to annul the efforts of
those who were endeavoring to sow the seeds of
dissension among the citizens of this Union.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Win-
throp] had referred them to the practice of the Brit-
ish House of Commons; but the cases quoted by the
gentleman did not sustain his position. They were
not applicable to the subject in debate here. Besides,
examples drawn from other governments were, in
very few cases, adaptable to the circumstances of
this country and the genius of its government. Most
of the European governments, like their feudal cas-
tles, when viewed at a distance were objects of awe
and admiration to the lovers of romance; but, upon
a closer approach, they were found to be, in most
instances, roofless and uncomfortable to inhabit, af-
fording little or no shelter from the peltings of the pit-
iless storm, except to those occupying the privileged
apartments. The gentleman had been equally unfor-
tunate in the illustrations which he had quoted from
Hatsell. The gentleman told them of a petition which
had been presented at the foot of the throne; and of
another which had been presented by 15,000 women,
headed by the wife of a brewer, on whose approach
the doors of the House of Common were thrown
open. Did the gentleman bring forward those ex-
amples as worthy of imitation here? This was not
the exercise of the right of petition, but of the right
of insurrection; and the petition to which the gentle-
man alluded was one of the number of those acts
which produced the revolution which desolated the
the British islands.
Mr. C. read several passages from Tliiers's history
of the French revolution, in reference to the present-
ation of petitions.
One of the gentlemen from Massachusetts had
compared the right of petition to the right of de-
bate; but he certainly thought there was no sort of
analogy between them. The right of debate was
essential to the existence of a legislative body—the
right of petition was not. But he would take the
gentleman on his own ground. The gentleman had
voted for the establishment of the one hour rule,
such as was now in force. That rule curtailed and
controlled the right of debate; and, if that House,
by a rule of its own adoption, had a right to control
debate at all, it was, of course, a matter of discre-
tion with the House to what extent they would con-
trol it. But, the gentleman had gone still further,
and had voted for the previous question occasionally,
and that prohicited the right of debate. So much for
the right of debate: now for the right of petition.
There was a great discrepancy between the speeches
of gentlemen, and their votes upon the right of pe-
tition; and he believed that when the passion of the
present day should have passed away, and their
speeches and votes should come to be contrasted
by cool posterity, they would be astonished at the
want of consistency. They might, perhaps, be
almost induced to suppose that the real cause of
complaint was not that the right of petition had been
violated; but that the 21st rule had converted this
hall into an auxiliary abolition society; and this
opinion would not be much mitigated, if the known
opinions of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]
were considered. It had been demonstrated, that if
slavery was a grievance, it was a grievance only to
those States where it existed? Ana the House had
as unquestionable a right to adopt a rule for the ex-
clusion of a class of objectionable petitions, as they
had to decide in reference to a single petition, (as
had been decidcd half a dozen times by the House,)
that it should not be received.
But so far as this House was concerned,
the constitution had expressly conferred on the
House the right to adopt rules for its pro-
ceedings; and in the discharge of that duty, the
right to adopt such rules as that the time of
Congress should not be occupied on subjects
over which it had no constitutional jurisdiction, and
which all declared that thay were determined not to
legislate on. The exclusion of abolition petitions, so
far from being a violation of the right of petition,
was conservative of that right. We know (said
Mr. C.) that hundreds of petitioners have been
knocking at our doors for years, and have not been
able to get admission, because the way was block-
aded up by abolition petitions. Abolish this 21st
rule, and abolition petitions would be increased a
hundred fold.
He did not believe that Congress had the right to
legislate on this subject in the States, in the Terri-
tories, or in the District of Columbia. So far as
the States were concerned, gentlemen on all sides
conceded, that Congress had not the constitutional
power to legislate on the subject. So far as the Dis-
trict of Columbia was concerned, the gentleman
from New York, from the Poughkeepsie district,
had declared that slavery did not constitutionally
exist within its limits. But (said Mr. C.) we have
no right to violate the rights of individuals in this
District to their slave property, any more than we
can violate their right to any other property. In-
deed, the people of the District of Columbia held
their slave property by a stronger tenure than the
people of any of the States did. This position he
was indebted for to his colleague [Mr. Simpson.]
It was this: at the time of the cession of this Dis-
trict to Congress, the legislatures of Virginia and
Maryland dia not possess the power of abolishing
