CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
slavery in those States—that power never having
Been conferred on them by the people—and conse-
quently theycould not transfer it to Congress.
Mr. C. then went on to show that Congress did
not possess the power to abolish slavery in the
Territory of Florida; and in support of the posi-
tion, referred to the constitution, the Missouri
compromise, and the Florida treaty.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clinc-
man] believed that if the House could receive, debate
and refer abolition petition, error would be dissipa-
ted as the mists of the morning before the rising sun.
Did the gentleman not know that the spirit of aboli-
tion was abroad—that it gained ground and increased
in force like every successive wave of the ocean?
Did he not know that it had already grown to such an
extent as to threaten the existence of the constitu-
tion? If he believed that the course pointed out by
the gentleman from North Carolina would be follow-
ed by the ablest report in opposition to it that was
ever presented in this House, and that that report
would be sustained by a majority of the House, still
he would oppose it. But believing that the results
would be the same as they had witnessed when Mr.
Pinkney some years ago made his able report on the
same subject, he was still further determined in his
opposition to it.
The SPEAKER here announced that the gentle-
man's hour had expired; when
Mr. BURT obtained the floor.
The morning hour having expired, the subject
went over till to-morrow.
RESIGNATION OF MR. GILMER.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the honorable Thomas W. Gilmer, stating
that he had transmitted to the Governor of Virginia
his resignation of the seat he held m the House as a
representative from the 5th congressional district of
Virginia, and taking his leave of the House with the
kindest expressions of respect and regard.
The letter having been read,
On motion by Mr. DROMGOOLE, it was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion by Mr. WELLER,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole, Mr. Joseph R. Ingersoll in the chair, for
the consideration of the private calendar.
The bill No. 41, for the relief of John B. Schuy-
ler, was first taken up and advocated by Messrs.
RAMSEY, DEAN, DANA, BOWER, WENT-
WORTH, and McCAUSLEN; and opposed by
Messrs. RATHBUN, C. JOHNSON, HALE, and
GIDDINGS; after which
Mr. HAMMETT moved that it be passed over;
which was agreed to.
The bill for the relief of William Glover was next
taken up; and, after being explained and advocated
by Mr. BRINKERHOFF, was laid aside to be re-
ported.
ADJUSTMENT OP LAND CLAIMS.
The committee proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to provide for the adjustment of land claims
within the States of Missouri, Arkansas, and Loui-
siana, and the Territory of Iowa, and in these parts
of the States of Mississippi and Alabama south of
the thirty-first degree of north latitude, and between
the Mississippi andPerdido rivers.
After a discussion involving the question whether
this was a private or public bill, in which Messrs.
f-iLIDELL, HOPKINS, C. JOHNSON, JAME-
SON, COLLAMER, WINTHROP, and BELSER
took part, it was laid aside to be reported as a public
bill.
The committee next took up a bill for the relief of
Geil. Wm. Allen and Reuben A Men: which was ex-
plained by Mr. SAMPLE.
The subject was also debated by Messrs. CAVE
JOHNSON and THOMASSON.
The committee ordered the bill to be reported to
the House.
The committee then took up for consideration the
bill for the relief of John Mulliiigs; and, after a
short debate between Mr. V'llSrfON m opposition
and Mr. CAVE JOHNSON in favor of the bill, the
committee rose and reported bills number 41, 42,
52, and 6G, without amendment.
' On motion of Mr. SLIDELL., the Committee of
the Whole was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill number 23, and the same was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the stat$
of t.hf Union.
Mr. HAMLIN asked leave to introduce a resolu-
tion calling upon the Secretary of State to transmit
to this House a report which had been prepared by
the commissioner appointed to run the line between
several of the Northern States and the British Prov-
inces; which was objected to; and,
On motion of Mr. CLINGMAN,
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. FOSTER: Petition of Thomas Hunt
and 99 other citizens of Westmoreland county, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any reduction of
the duty on salt. Petition of Israel Painter and 68
others, of like import. Petition of R. Coreller and 32
others, of like import: referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
By Mr. RELFE: Petition of John Polk and oth-
er citizens, of Madison county, Missouri, praying
the removal of the land office from Jackson to
FredericktOwn.
By Mr. SAMPLE: Petition of James Marshall
and 278 others, citizens of Michigan city and
Northern Indiana, praying Congress, at an early
day, to make an adequate and suitable appropria-
tion for continuing the construction of the harbor at
Michigan city, in the State of Indiana.
By Mr. BRODHEAD: Petition of John A. Gus-
tin and another, securities of William F. Rodgers, a
defaulting postmaster, praying for relief: referred to
the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: Petition of sundry
citizens of Kendall county, Illinois, praying relief
for damages sustained in the Black Hawk War: re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims. Petition of sun-
dry citi7ens of La Salle county, Illinois, remonstrat-
ing against the annexation ofTexas to this country:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Pe-
tition from fifty-nine citizens of Lake county, Illi-
nois, praying for a light-house at Littlefort, Lake
county, Illinois; referred to the Committee on Com-
merce,
By Mr. GEORGE W. JONES: Petition of Jacob
Arnalt and others, of Franklin county, Tennessee,
for an extension of the mail route from Lynchburg,
Lincoln county, to Winchester Springs, Franklin
county, Tennessee- referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: Petition of Jonathan
Floyd, of Pope county, Illinois, praying Congress
for arrearages of pay as an invalid pensioner: re-
ferred to the Committe on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: Petition nume-
rously signed by citizens of the county of Racine,
Territory of Wisconsin, asking of Congress the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Ottowa, State
of Illinois, through the valley of the Fox river to
Elquin, so as to terminate at the town of Racine, in
said Territory referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. Petition of Henry R.
Elkins, R. H. Mallory, and 173 other citizens of
Geneva, Walworth county, Territory of Wiscon-
sin, praying Congress for an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor at Southport, in said Ter-
ritory: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. WM. J. BROWN: Petition of George
H. Robinson and thirty-six others, citizens of Han-
cock county, praying a reduction of the rates of
postage referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Moxday, February 19, 1844.
The PRESIDENTpru Urn. laid before the Senate
a communication from the Navy Department, re-
porting, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, a plan and estimates for a perm?iv.,ii wharf at
Pensacula navy yard, Florida, and a plan of a dock
and a marine railway a*, the same place: referred to
the Comir.itieo on Naval Affairs.
Ako, a report from that department, made in
compliance with the act of Congress of March,
1843, in relation to the practicability and expense of
constructing a dry dock- and float mg dock at Brook-
lin, New York, etc. Committed.
Also laid before the Senate a statement and me-
morial from J. F. H. Claiborne, of^Miss'ssjppi, one
of the board of commissioners appointed to adjust
the claims arising under the treaty with the Choc-
taw Indians at Dancing Rabbit creek, setting forth
the immense frauds practised upon those Indians by
speculators, and, asking the interposition of tlw
government to protect them, arid prevent the con-
summation of those frauds.
Mr. SEVIER said he understood that the docu-
ment was an important one; and as it was very long,
he moved that it be printed.
Mr. BATES called for the reading of the memo-
rial and documents; which was ordered and pro-
gressed in; when,
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, they were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Benjamin B.Ferguson, of the county of Bradford,
Pennsylvania, an invalid from wounds received in
the last war, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also presented a petition from Eleanor W. Hous-
ton and Alma S. Houston, of Columbia, Lancaster
county, Pa., surviving children of the late Dr. John.
Houston, a surgeon in the revolutionary army, ask-
ing compensation for a claim due their father: re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also presented a memorial from John Simpson,
and other citizens of Pennsylvania, complaining that
canal boats engaged in transporting coal have been
compelled to take out coasting licenses, &c., and
pray that a law may be passed e-xempting them
from the operations of the law authorizing such ex-
actions: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented a similar memorial
from Charles Knowles, and others, inhabitants of
the coal regions in Pennsylvania; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from Amos
Cheek, a carpenter, and others, warrant officers in
the vessels employed in the exploring expedition,
asking extra compensation for such services: re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a preamble and resolu-
tions of the Chamber of Commerce of New York,
praying Congress to pass a law admitting railroad
iron free of duty: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also presented a memorial from Lyon & Howard,
of the State of New York, praying the payment of
a balance due them on a contract for constructing a
locomotive steam dredging machine on Lake Erie
for the United States; also, for improvements of and
pianting the same: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Tennessee and Georgia, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Cle%e-
land, Tennessee, to Rome, Georgia: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also presented a petition from James P. Spring
and others of Bentonville, Arkansas, praying that
the troops now stationed at Fort Gibson may be
removed to Old Fort Wayne, or some point near:
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, the petition of
Thomas W. Clnmm was ordered to be taken from
the files, and, with thepapers relating thereto, which
he then presented, referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Richard
Morris and others of the city and county of Phila-
delphia, praying the restoration of the pension fund,
and to the widows the pensions they were entitled
under it.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
David Garrell and others from the same place, of
like prayer; which memorials were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs,
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
Marjraret A. Gnseom, and numerous other ladies,
and a memorial f:om Ellen Soltare, and other ladies
of the city and county of Philadelphia, praying
Congress to pass a law abolishing anything in the
constitution or laws which recognises slavery: order-
ed to lie on the table. .
On motion of Mr. TALLMADGE, it was order-
ed that the petition of Jacob Gideon, praying
the purchase, by Congress, of a number of sets
of laws of the United Stales, be taken from
the fdes, and nfcrred to the Committee on the Li-
blOn motion of Mr. PORTER, it was ordered, that
the petition of Major A. D. Stewart, Paymaster
General of the army of the United States, be taken
from the files, and referred to the Committee on
Claims. . .
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial, signed
by the collector and surveyor of the port of Phila-
delphia, and the several other officers of the customs,
there setting forth that the present custom-house if
