Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CJLOfiE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Hunt.
H. of Reps.
of the remark, that "the spirit of party is
stronger than the spirit of liberty." It sweeps over
the country with the resistless power of the
tornado, prostrating its institutions and sacrificing
its best interest. The voice of patriotism, as com-
pared with its powerful tones, is but as the gentle
whispers of the evening breeze to the hoarse thun-
ders of the resistless whirlwind. The laws and con-
stitution become as powerless to arrest its career, as
the mere parchment upon which they are written.
Have we not reason to believe that this spirit has
given birth to the violent opposition which has been
made to the apportionment act of the last Congress?
For the first time in many years, the whigs had a
majority in both branches of the last Congress. The
party which had been driven from power by the
voice of the people in 1840, smarting under their re-
cent defeat, assailed the whig Congress with every
species of abuse and vituperation. No sooner had
it exercised the clear and unequivocal power dele-
gated to it by the constitution, to require the election
of representatives in Congress to be made by dis-
tricts, than a regular and systematic party organiza-
tion was adopted to resist and nullify its action.
Notwithstanding the almost universal sentiment
throughout the country, of the great advantages of
the district over the general-ticket system of election,
several of those States in which the whig party was
in the minority, while they conformed their action
to the law, and laid off the congressional districts in
pursuance of its requisitions, protested against the
right of Congress to make this regulation, and hurl-
ed defiance to the federal government.
All of the States have confoimed their action to
the law, except the States of New Hampshire, Geor-
gia, Mississippi, and Missouri. These four States
have not only preached nullification, but they have
practised it. They have sent here those who claim
to be their representatives in open violation and de-
fiance of the law. They ask this House to repudiate
and disregard a solemn law of the land, and
to permit their representatives to participate
in our deliberations in direct violation of its
provisions. Shall we comply with their wish-
es? Shall we trample under our feet the con-
stitution and the laws? Shall wc show to the world,
by our example, that the law is powerless when
brought into collision with the spirit of party' Shall
we furnish the enemies of civil liberty and a repub-
lican form of government with an additional argu-
ment to prove the incapacity of the people for self-
government? t
The decision of this question will be looked for
with deep and anxious solicitude. Should this
House treat this law as unconstitutional, although
its decision may meet with the approbation of a
strong political party, yet, sir, when the spirit of
party shall subside, (if, in the wisdom of Provi-
dence, we shall ever be permitted to see that period,)
and the American people shall see, and think, and
act, uninfluenced by party shackles, its decision- will
meet with universal condemnation. Had the con-
struction now attempted to be placed on the fourth
section of the first article of the constitution been
suggested in the days of Madison, of Jefferson, and
of Hamilton, it would have excited a smile, and pro-
voked ridicule; and in after times, when no interest-
ed or party feelings shall obscure the judgment or
becloud the understanding, men will wonder at the
delusion which could sustain sucli a construction.
Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the House longer
by further remarks upon this question. The de-
bility of recent indisposition would prevent me from
a greater consumption of time. Sincerely^ believing
that the representatives from these four States have
no right here, I must record my vote against their
admission.
REMARKS OF MR. HUNT,
OF NEW YORK.
hi the House, of Representatives, February 9, 1844.—
On the resolution of the majority of the Commit-
tee of Elections, declaims that the representatives
from New Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi, and
Missouri, elected by general ticket, are entitled to
their seat*.
Mr. HUNT observed, that m the vote -which he
felt impelled to give, and in the remarks which he
intended to submit on the important subject now
presented tor discussion, lie hoped it might be unne-
cessary to assure the House that he was influenced.
by no sentiment of personal or political unkmdness
towards any of the honorable gentlemen whose title
to seats on this floor is involved m our decision. On
(20)
the contrary, since we assembled here, he had been
permitted to form relations with many of those gen-
tlemen, which inspired him with feelings of sincere
respect towards them personally; and he cheerfully
accorded to them that high character for worth and
patriotism which had corfimended (hem to the confi-
dence of their constituents.
But, sir, this is not a mere personal question, in
relation to the present occupancy of these seats; it
is a subject of deeper and more serious import. A
constitutional principle is to be determined and a
precedent established, intimately affecting the au-
thority and stability of this government; and when
we reflect upon the alarming consequences to which
every departure from the constitution inevitably
leads, the organization of the present House of Rep-
resentatives becomes a question of comparative in-
significance.
Before proceeding to the merits of the subject
more immediately under discussion, Mr. H. said he
desired to allude to an incidental topic which had
been dwelt upon by several gentlemen in the
course of the debate. It has been urged, with ap-
parent earnestness, that certain members (of whom
lie was one) have so far prejudged the ques-
tion, by the protest presented to the House on
the first day of the session, as to incapacitate
their minds for free deliberation and an impartial
decision. This conclusion, however plausible ill
appearance, has no foundation in reality. Is it
seriously pretended that any member has delayed
until the present hour to form some opinion in re-
spect to the binding force and validity of the appor-
tionment act of 1842' For one, he would indulge
in no such affectation of unconcern or indifference.
It cannot rationally be supposed that we alone have
remained unmoved spectators of the action of the
States, whilst they proceeded in defiance of the law
of Congress, or that our ears have been closed to the
discussion of a subjcct which, for nearly two years,
has occupied so large a share of the public attention.
It was a matter not only of public history, but of
public law, that four of the States, in the election of
their representatives, had overturned the law, and
proclaimed their resistance to the authority of the
national government. In view of this extraordinary
spectacle, we conceived it our duty to protest against
their admission to participate in the exercise of le-
gislative functions, until the validity of their elec-
tions should-have been made the subject of deliber-
ate adjudication. We maintained that the House is
bound to respect the law of Congress, as being at
least of prima facie force and authority; and that
those who claim seats in open defiance of its provi-
sions should be held to vindicate their title before
entering upon the discharge of high legislative pow-
ers. Do we deserve reproach for having asserted the
paramount authority of our own laws, till success-
fully invalidated? Upon this question we are ready
to abide the judgment of the country. It has been
my constant intention to give to every argument a
candid hearing, and to approach the final decision of
the question in that spirit of justice and impartiality
which the importance of the subject is calculated to
inspire. I have listened attentively to the efforts
which have been made to demonstrate the unconsti-
tutionality of the second section of the apportion-
ment act, and especially to the argument of my hon-
orable colleague, [Mr. Beardsley,] who addressed
the House yesterday. I have boon accustomed to
regard the opinions of that gentleman, on ques-
tions of legal construction, with sincere deference;
and I may be permitted to say that, in my judgment,
the position which he. has assumed admits of no
abler or more plausible argument than he lias pre-
sented in its defence. But conceding the force and
ingenuity of the argument, it lias failed to convince
my mind of the soundness of his conclusions.
The power of Congress over this subject is de-
rived from the express words of the constitution.
The times, place's, and manner of holding election"! for
senators and i (-preventatives, f-liatl tic prcsciibt-d 111 each
State by the legislature thereof; but the Congress may at'
any time, by law, make or alfcr Mich regulations, except as
to the place of choosing sonatois.''
We may search the constitution in vain for a
more clear and unequivocal grant of power. No
terms could have been employed of more definite
and obvious meaning. But for the efforts which
have been made to mystify the subject m the refine-
ments of abstraction, it would seem plain that a
"wayfaring man need not err therein."
The power is given, in the first instance, to the
legislature of each State to prescribe the time,
place, and manner of holding elections, subject
to the paramount power of Congress to subtitute
new or alter existing regulations. It appears
to me that much fallacy of reasoning has pro-
ceeded from a false view of the relation occupied
by the States in the exercise of this power. It
has been assumed that, in all their legislation on
this subject, the States have exerted an original,
inherent right or attribute of sovereignty; where-
as their only jurisdiction over the matter is' derived
from the federal constitution, which in effect con-
stitutes them the agents of this government to pre-
scribe and regttlate the elections, until the supe-
rior power (or some portion of it) vested in Con-
gress shall be exercised. I concede that the States
are sovereign and supreme in respect to those re-
served rights and powers which the constitution has
left under their exclusive control; but it is unde-
niable that State sovereignty is essentially modified
by the terms of the federal compact. The power to
declare war, to regulate commerce, to make treaties,
and many of the most essential attributes of sove-
reignty, nave been surrendered by the States and
vested in the national government.
In the exereise of all its constitutional functions,
this government is not only sovereign, but its legis-
lation is the extreme law of the land, no less binding
upon the State authorities than upon the private
citizen. Indeed, the. oath taken by all State officers
to support the constitution of the united States, im-
plies an additional, if not a higher obligation.
But to return from this d igression. The times,
places, and manner of holding elections of repre-
sentatives have been regulated by the State legisla-
tures, undisturbed by any action of Congress, until
the passage of the apportionment act of 1842. In
many respects, the State regulations have been va-
rious ana conflicting, and especially in regard to
that invaluable principle of free government, uni-
formity of representation. Whilst a majority of the
States, of their own free volition, had adopted the
just and equal mode of electing by districts, a num-
ber of them adhered with obstinate tenacity to the
system of electing their entire representation by
general ticket, lo remove this incongruity, and
produce a harmonious system, Congress for the
first time exerted a portion of its constitutional
power over the manner of holding elections, in the
apportionment act of 1842, which provides that, in
the election of representatives,
The number to which State shall bo entitled under this
apportionment shall bo elected by districts composed of con-
tiguous territory, equal in number to the number of repre-
sentatives to which said State may be entitled, &c.
Twenty-two of the States have elected their repre-
sentatives in conformity with this provision, whilst
the four States now under consideration have set the
law at defiance, and elected their representatives in
disregard of its requirements. It is contended that
the law of Congress is unconstitutional and void,
and I proceed to glance briefly at some of the move,
prominent arguments urged in support of that posi-
tion. It is seriously argued that Congress can enact
no valid law relating to the manner of holding elec-
tions, unless it exhausts its whole constitutional
power over the subject, and prescribes a complete
system, including all the details of proceeding, inde-
pendent of auxiliary State legislation. To state this
proposition, is all that would seem necessary to ex-
pose its absurdity. That government may exercise
any portion of a substantive power, leaving other
portions unexercised, is a principle of such universal
acceptation as never before to have been brought in
question. The same objection would invalidate eve-
ry law which does not exhaust the whole power of
Congress over the subject-matter to which it relates,
such as a single commercial regulation, or the estab-
lishment of a post road. It should be the aim of ail
governments to exert no larger share of their con-
ceded powers than the public weal may require; and
whilst mankind have suffered in every age from the
tendency of government to transcend its rightful
powers, the discovery that self-denial in legislation
furnishes occasion for alarm and resistance, has been
reserved for this age of political improvement.
But another argument is advanced, which
deserves more consideration, as it is mainly re-
lied upon to invalidate the act of Congress, and
ou<>-ht, perhaps, to be regarded as the real issue
before us. The law is said to be unconstitu-
tional, because it is inoperative without the aid
of State legislation; and tlie State legislatures, being
sovereign, were under no obligation to observe it.
That this pretension of State sovereignty is untena-
ble, when concurrent or subordinate powers are in
question, 1 have already attempted to show,
