306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Hunt.
H. of Reps.
the provision requiring elections to be made by dis-
tricts, Congress altered, and in truth abrogated, all
conflicting State regulations -which had previously
existed. Was this an exercise of the power to
alter, conferred by the constitution? It is a general
regulation, of plain and definite import, and, so far
as it extends, diminishes the power which had pre-
viously existed in the States, leaving the residue in
full virtue. The duty of the State legislatures to ex-
ercise this residue of power, remaining in their
hands, was in no degree weakened by the action of
Congress. The mandate of the constitution, and
the oath of the State legislators to support it, re-
mained in original force and vigor.
We are met, however, by the broad doctrine that
no law of Congress is binding unless it is complete,
and will execute itself, without further legislation on
the part of the States. It has been clearly shown,
by gentlemen who have preceded me in the debate,
that this doctrine is opposed to the contemporaneous
exposition of the constitution by Mr. Madison, who
advocated this grant of authority, on the express
ground that Congress ought to make general regu-
lations, to secure uniformity, leaving the subordi-
nate details to the State legislatures.
Several instances have been cited, which show
that the principle now contended for is contrary to
the practice of the government from its earliest pe-
riods. The most conclusive (because the most anal-
ogous) case referred to, is the law prescribing the
time of choosing presidential electors. The act of
Congress, after fixing the day for the meeting of the
electors of President, provides that they shall be
fleeted within the thirty-four days next preceding
the time of their meeting, leaving the day of election
to be established by the State legislatures. This law
was entirely inoperative until the necessary provis-
ions to carry it into effect were supplied by State
legislation. If the doctrine now advanced be sound
and true, it follows that all our Presidents, fiom
Washington down, have been elected under a law
possessing no constitutional force or vigor.
I would suggest another illustration. It is con-
ceded on all hands, as well in the report of the com-
mittee as in debate, that Congress has the power to
fix a uniform time in all the States for the election of
representatives, and it has been proposed to pass a
bill for that purpose at the present session. It would
be easy to show, that if such a law were passed, it
cannot be carried into effect in all the States (if in
any) without further State legislation. In some
States there are no officers legally authorized to hold
elections on the day which Congress might prescribe;
and in all eases where the existing State law requires
that representatives shall be elected on the same
ticket with certain State officers, further legislation
would be necessary. It follows, that a law fixing
time would be mandatory upon the States, inopera-
tive, and hence unconstitutional, by the same argu-
ment which has been brought forward, as triumph-
ant and unanswerable, against the validity of the
apportionment act.
Mr. Speaker, after weighing, with all possible def-
erence, the reasoning of the majority of the com-
mittee, and of those who sustain them in their posi-
tion, my mind is brought to the conclusion, that the
law of Congress requiring representatives to be
elected by districts is constitutional and valid; that
the States were bound to comply with its require-
ments; and that any election of representatives con-
trary lo its provisions is irregular and void. I con-
ceive it to be a binding law, authorized by the ex-
press letter of the constitution, upon the strictest in-
terpretation which sound reason will warrant. That
it is in harmony with the spirit and intent of that
instrument, is equally manifest.
From the denunciations which have been heard
on this floor, one would infer that Congress had
aimed to annihilate State authority, and to concen-
trate all power within the vortex of federal legisla-
tion. But, I would inquire, what is the design and
effect of the provision requiring elections to be
held by districts' It is to impart uniformity and
equality to our system of popular representation: to
nationalize thisbrance of the government, by placing
the representative in closer proximity to his con-
stituents, that he may more faithfully reflect their
will, whilst he is held to a more direct responsibility.
The choice by districts insures to all the diversified
tactions nnd interests of the country their just weight
in the notional councils; and if this salutary princi-
ple is preserved, the various shades of public senti-
ment and opinion will be truly reflected in this hall.
Equality between the States demands that the mode
bi flection should be uniform. Js it just, is it to be
endured, that upon all political divisions, Missouri
with her five members should be enabled to over-
power Ohio and Pennsylvania in the popular branch
of Congress?
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Payne] who
has just taken his seat, regards it as a fatal objection
to the district system that it gives an advantage to
minorities. I admit the fact, but deduce from it an
opposite argument. Will it be contended that, un-
der an equal system of representation, majorities are
unable to protect themselves? Minorities are enti-
tled to the just protection of government; and it is
safe to affirm that no majority whose purposes are
elevated and patriotic would deny to the minority its
fair and equitable representation in the, legislative
councils of the country.
The system of election by general ticket is liable
to many and serious objections. The virtue which
is claimed for it by its advocates—that it extin-
guishes the voice of the minority in a State—consti-
tutes its most odious feature. In a State of large
extent, its effect is to deprive the people of any prac-
tical participation in the primary selection of their
own representatives. The power of caucus becomes
supreme, and the choice of candidates is regulated
by a central junto. Nothing remains to the people
but to ratify the edict of an irresponsible cabaJ, and
to evince their faith in the infallibility of party lead-
ers, by voting for candidates of whom they "can
have l'ittle personal knowledge. But I will no longer
dwell' upon the comparative merits of the two sys-
tems of election. In adverting to this branch of the
subject, my only aim has been to show that, in the
passage of this act, Congress was animated by a de-
sire to secure to the people that equal and uniform
representation for which the friends of popular liber-
ty have always contended.
It in conceded that. Congress possess full power
to divide the States into districts, and to preserve an
entire system of elections, independent of the local
State authorities. It is a vast and overshadowing
power which the constitution has delegated to this
government; and if fully- exercised, in defiance of the
States, the validity of the act would not be called in
question. But Congress has confined itself to a
single regulation that had become necessary to pro-
duce that uniformity which the separate action of
the States had failen to attain; and the residue, being
almost the entire power, has been left, untouched in
the hands of the State legislatures. I will venture
to assert, that no act of this government, from the
day of its formation, has evinced a more delicate
regard to the rights and authority of the States. It
bears upon its face the impress of comity, and dis-
plays a liberal spirit of concession. But such are
the freaks and refinements of political invention, that
•his comity is regarded as the insolence of federal
domination; and the concession of power to the
States, which Congress might have assumed at
pleasure, is denounced as the boldness of usurpation.
The tyranny of Congress, which lias been made the
theme of invective, consists not in transcending its
constitutional powers, but in waiving their cxcrcise
from a scrupulous deference to the co-ordinate au-
thority of the States. Stripped of its disguise, this
is the real argument; and that it is seriously urged,
we need only look over the hall, and contemplate
the numeral force by which it is to be demonstrated.
The encroachments of government have furnished a
leading topic, of history from the earliest ages of
political society, but the present instance is the first
to be found in the annals ef time, where a conces-
sion of knowledged powers has been regarded as
just ground for popular jealousy and alarm.
There is another point of view in which this sub-
ject deserves to be considered. Even if we admit
that the four States regarded the legislation of Con-
gress as technically defective, from its failure to di-
vest the State legislatures of their jurisdiction over
the manner of holding elections, were they under no
obligation to reciprocate the comity of this govern-
ment, and to respect the national will, as declared
through its constitutional organs? Was it not due
from those States to act in a spirit of concord and
unity towards their sisters in the confederacy, who
prefer! t'd the principle of eqttal and uniform repre-
sentation by districts3 It would have been more be-
coming, more respectful to the sentiment of the
American people, to have conformed to a regulation
which had been dictated by the enlightened opinion
of the country. But instead of yielding to this
liberal and patriotic spirit, they have chosen to con- '
temn the law and defy the will < f the nation. They
tave assumed toward the other States the character
of a litigious neighbor, whom no concession can ap-
pease, no kindness conciliate. They seem to have
considered a captious display of metaphysical refine-
ment and subtle technicality of construction as es-
sential to their own dignity and independence. They
have endangered the harmony of the republic, upon
no apparent grounds of reason or necessity beyond
the desire to render the caprice of a State superior to
the national authority.
We are now admonished, Mr. Speaker, that, if
the elections which have been held in defiance of
your laws are not confirmed by the House, four
States will be disfranchised and deprived of their
representation in the national legislature. 1 main-
tain, sir, that those States have disfranchised them-
selves, for the time being, by their refusal to con-
form to the law of the land. It is their act, and not
ours. They should be held to furnish a better plea
than "their owii wrong;11 if they would escape its
legitimate consequences. The inconvenience of a
new election, in conformity avith law, is too light an
evil to influence our decision.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to advert to another prin-
ciple of profound importance, which is involved m
the present issue, ana demands the calm considera-
tion of every member of the House. Are we pre-
pared to determine that a single State, by its own
action, independent of the judicial tribunal, may an-
nul and overturn a law of Congress, enacted under
the forms and solemnities of the constitution? This
aspect of the subject will excite the fears and engage
the sober attention of the American people. The
pretension which is now asserted, of a right in the
States to nullify and resist our lawrs at pleasure,
strikes at the very foundation of the government;
and if the doctrine is permitted to prevail,- the days
of our confederacy are numbered. The constitution,
and "the laws made in pursuance, thereof," will
cease to be the supreme law of the land. An irre-
sistible force will he imparted to the irregular ca-
pricious action of the State authorities, and the
power of the Union will gradually decay, and finally
perish beneath the weight. In the name of the con-
stitution I beseech you to pause before yielding the,
deliberate sanction of the representative body to this
fatal heresy.
It is true, that the House of Representatives, un-
der the constitution, is the judge of the qualifications
and elections of its own members. But the power
thus conferred upon us is a power to be exercised
in support and vindication of the law, and not for
its subversion. Was it contemplated that this House
would overturn a statute previously enacted by all
the co-ordinate branches of the legislative power?
When I reflect that such is the real nature of the
proposition upon which we are deliberating, I feel
that it is an occasion of no ordinary interest and so-
lemnity. Our decision is fraught with consequen-
ces of deep and abiding import to the country, and
to the cause of constitutional liberty.
If the House shall yield to the demand w,hich is
made, and renounce the just power and supremacy
of the'government, it will furnish a fearful example,
to serve as a precedent for repeated and broader in-
roads upon our institutions. As the first stage in
our downfall, it will mark a new and melnacholy
era in our national annals; and in the mind of the
patriot, it cannot fail to excite the most gloomy ap-
prehensions in regard to our ultimate destiny.
The boldness of the act, and the elevated theatre
upon which it is consummated, will stimulate anew
the disorganizing spirit of lawlessness and insubor-
dination, which unhappily exists in some portions
of our country. It will impart a fresh impulse to
that spirit of faction which was so eloquently al-
luded to by the honorable gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens.] The republics which have gone
before us perished in the strife of contending fac-
tions. In the struggles and contests of party lead-
ers, constitutional restraints were overthrown, the
barriers of law and order were rudely demolished,
till at last the people sought repose from anarchy in
the arms of despotism. It is wise for us to contem-
plate the history of the republics which have per-
ished, as we would avoid tlieir deplorable fate.
Our free system of government is to be preserved
only bv a sacred adherence to the fundamental law s
and institutions which have been framed by the wis-
dom of our fathers, and by emulating the patriotism
which inspired their efforts.
I had hoped that, in our deliberations upon this
subject, all party appeals and allusions might be
avoided. But it has been deemed necessary, upon
this as upon most occasions, to invoke the genius
of democracy. The constantly recurring display of
the healing charms of democracyin support of prop-
