30S
APPENDIX to THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
our questions at issue, he was only authorized to
settle one? Why was he not authorized, at that
time, to settle this Oregon question? Can the gen-
tlemen inform us? What new freak of policy has
come over her, that induces her to be willmg to set-
tle a question which, twelve or eighteen months
since, she was unwilling to settle? Can the gentle-
men inform us? No sir, they cannot. And yet
they coax, and blame, and scold us, for not consent-
ing to be twice duped by their credulous stories, at
their bright prospects of successful negotiation. And
because we will not again be victims to such a farce,
they tell us we are acting very discourteously in-
deed towards Great Britain!
Not satisfied with charging us with discourtesy to-
wards Great Britain, we are chaged also with dis-
respect to the President of the United States. How,
sir? In what manner? He may approve of our res-
olution or not, as he may deem the public interest to
require. When is it proposed that the convention
shall be abrogated? To-day? No, sir, not sooner than
twelve months after the notice is given to Great
Britain; not till the most ample time is afforded for
selling this affair diplomatically, if it ever can be
settled in that way. This, sir, is the sum and sub-
stance of our disrespect. We propose to do what
the President cannot do without our concurrence.
He has no power, per se, to annul or abrogate the
convention of 1827. We propose, by our resolution,
to invest him with,this power. This is.our disre-
spect. We propose, in settling our controversy, to
give him oar confidence in advance. This is our
disrespect. We propose, in bringing this question
10 a settlement, to back, sustain, and fortify him,
and to remove out of his way every impediment.
This is our disrespect. Disrespect to the President!
How long has it been since our adversaries have
become so tenderly considerate of that high officer?
Sir, the President has settled for us one of our
boundary questions with Great Britain; and, I trust,
it will be his good fortune to settle the other. He
had difficulties to settle in the former case, and I
fear he will have them in this. All of our efforts,
thus far, to get this question settled on fair and just
terms—all of our concessions, (and they have been
great)—have, thus far, been unavailing. She is in
possession of the whole of that country; she has
attached it, by act of Parliament, for judicial pur-
poses, to her province of Upper Canada; and she
lias extended the civil and criminal laws of that
province over it; she has built up forts in it to pro-
tect it; she has armed vessels riding at the mouth
of the Columbia river, and at other points on that
coast; she is in our vicinity on the Atlantic; she is
our border neighbor on the east and north; and all
that she now requires is Oregon, Texas, and Cuba,
to encircle us completely. Her power in Europe is
everywhere, and irresistible. India is hers; and,
lately, the Celestial Empire has been dismembered
by her. What her objects are on this continent, I
eannot pretend to know. But one thing I do know,
and that is, that I should like her better if she were
farther off. I should like her better if she mani-
fested less avidity in acquiring dangerous and con-
trolling positions in the vicinity of other inde-
pendent powers. I protest, for one, against her
coming any nearer. 1 want her, particularly, ont of
Oregon; first, because she has no right to be
there; and secondly, because at that point she is
Too convenient to our commerce and shipping on the
Pacific. At tliat point, she is in the pathway of our
trade to "Russia, China, and the Sandwich Islands;
f ml at that point, she is too near the Indians on our
western and northern frontier. Our greatness, se-
cant}', strength, and independence, as a nation, all
require, in my judgment, that the whole country
should be ours, from one ocean to the other. Can
)ne President effect all object so desirable to his
country? He lias shown a laudable desire to do so,
and 1 am disposed to aid him as far as 1 can. 1 am
unwilling to send him on an errand so unprofitable,
and to leave him no option but to persevere ami
persevere, without our changing the condition of
things, m a negotiation whose fruits, thus far, have
been but disappointment and hitter mortification.
S am anr'ous to move out of his way every impedi-
ment which previous negotiations (wise, probably,
>.t tiie time, and under the then existing circum-
stances) have placed in it. Other senators are not,
!i.'cause they consider it disrespectful to the Presi-
dent.
>'ii', the passage of this resolution is .said to be
■"■imrcensaiy; and the eloquent senator from Massa-
< (Mr. Oiioate] has attempted to show that
11 is unnecessary. He itiw us that his sole object
in this debate was to induce the Senate to leave this
question to negotiation precisely as it now stands—
to leave it to negotiation in the precise form in which
it has stood for the last six and twenty years—as it
stood under the administrations of Mr. Monroe,
Mr. Adams, General Jackson, and Mr. Van Buren.
And what is that precise form? The precise form
in which it now stands, and has stood for the last
six and twenty years, is that the whole country is
in the exclusive possession of Great Britain, with
her sovereignty and laws extending oyer the whole
of it. He thinks this the most fortunate position
Tor us this question can be placed iD, and therefore
is against altering that state of the question in any
manner whatever; and, by way of encouraging us,
he tells us that Great Britain does not want the coun-
try, except for a hunting ground; and that, as the
game in it is nearly exhausted, she does not want it
for colonization, or for any other purpose than
hunting, and is just ready to abandon it al-
together. He exhorts us to wait patiently, and to do
nothing to change the state of the question; and
above all things, to be careful not to make Great
Britain mad, by our folly: and that the good old
Anglo-Saxon mother will give it up to us most will-
ingly and peaceably, reserving only the right, but
for a short time, to navigate the Columbia river,
(which he tells us is not navigable,) and the straits
of Fuca. He begs us not to give the notice we
contemplated, that our old mother is so sensitive,
so proud, and so haughty, that notwithstanding the
convention which authorized it, and all her wisdom
and her great and just desire for peace, she will prob-
ably receive it unkindly; yes, she may possibly
construe it into an insult, which her high sense of
honor may prompt her instantly to resent; she may
possibly look upon it as a threat; and (oh ! ye gods)
it will never do to threaten Great Britain!
Sir, the honorable senator denounces this notice as
a sort of war measure; and when we express our
surprise at this construction—when we disclaim it,
the senator says, he does not doubt our sincerity; oh,
no! nor our veracity! oh, no! and, yet, he an-
swers us by quoting Antony's speech over the
dead body of Julius Ca;sar. Antony, he tells us,
was a very bad man, and a very great hypocrite,
and most clearly foresaw the consequences of his
harangue; but that we are very clever fellows, and
are very sincere, but have not, like Antony, the ca-
pacity of foreseeing the consequences of our written
speech, m the form of this notice.
Sir, viewing this notice as a sort of war measure,
and most properly appreciating all the horrors of
war, the honorable senator has striven (and I fear
with tuo much success) to defeat the passage of this
resolution by the artful application of the com-
pound nostrums I have been analyzing. He has ap-
pealed to every interest in the country to render it
unpopular, and the supporters of it odious before
the people. Let them judge between us.
Sir, the honorable senator, in his brilliant and able
effort, has also animadverted with great severity
upon the remark of the senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Buchanan,] that the people of this country
had not quite so much affection for Great Britain as
to avoid an assertion of their rights for fear of giv-
ing her offence. He told us, that if an unfriendly
remembrance remained about our stamp tax or tea
tax, that our youthful cotemporaries, when they
got beards upon their chins, would wonder at it>
Will those youths, when they turn their eyes to the
Blinker Hill monument, erected in commemoration
of the blood shed by their fathers, wonder at the
existence ot such feelings? When they read the
eloquent oration of the senator, delivered at the an-
niversary of the landing of the pilgrims at Plymoth
rock, will they pause to ask how they came there,
starving and living, in an inhospitable wilderness?
Will th e senator destroy all the school books, which
were full of the recollections of our struggle with
an unkind parent? Would he destroy the history
of our country, replete with narrations of English
outrage and aggression' Would he destroy the
journals of our proceedings here? Would he tear
from the records of our history the declaration of
independence, which was a recital of the early
wrongs that we sustained from Great Britain?
Would lie destroy our 4th of July celebrations,
in every city and village and neighborhood through-
out thr> \ast country?
Sir, the senator from Pennsylvania hud spoken
only the sentiments which he had been accustomed
to hear over the mountains and fir away, where
tlie^e eulogies of Great Britain had never been in
fashion.
Sir, the honorable senator, and some of his friends
on the other side of the house, had given us, in the
course of their commendations of the old Anglo-
Saxon lady, a sort of pedigree of their blood. I
am at heme, sir, a former, and sometimes read little
agricutural pamphlets and periodicals; and I could
not help thinking, the other day, that I was listen-
ing to the pedigree of a blooded colt or Durham
calf. One tells us he is from Anglo-Saxon stock,
and another from the Welsh; and for what object?
Does these gentlemen propose to form an aristocra-
cy of blood in this country? , Or do they expect to -
conciliate the favor of Great Britain by appealing to
her kindred blood, language, religion, and acts?
While 'the senator from Massachusetts was for
standing where we are, the senator from Virginia
[Mr. Archer] questioned the propriety of the ex-
pression of any opinions on the subject by popular
meetings. The senator from Virginia had heard of
some mass meetings on the subject, in some of the
States, and said, in a tone of derision, that they had
arrived all at once to a thorough understanding of a
question that had employed our best diplomacy for
upwards of twenty years without avail. In thus
reprimanding the people for what he considers
their unheard of impudence in giving opinions upon
a subject so intricate, and of thrusting their advice
upon us without our asking it, I was sorry to find
he could not let Col. Johnson (whom he designates
as the learned Theban) pass by without a slur.
That learned Theban never cast an unkind or re-
proachful taunt upon any individual in his life.
That learned Theban bore upon his person honored
marks and scars that he had received in conflict
with the much boasted Anglo-Saxon warriors, and
their Indian allies.
[Mr. Archer rose to explain.]
Sir, I know my honorable friend did not intend
anything. But if I had not known the attachment of
the senator to the cause of his country during the
last war, I should have supposed he still bore some
grudge or enmity to that old man, on account of his
distinguished services in that war. I know the
senator did not intend a reproach; and would be the
last man, in cold blood and without provocation, to
cast a slur upon one, now in private life, who never
injured him. But the measure is said to be unne-
cessary; and the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs tells us that the democrats
are going to Oregon, and that he has no doubt that,
without our interference, so soon as Great Britain
finds out who they are, she will forthwith aban-
don the country in despair. This statement, he in-
forms us, he makes not jocosely, but most serious-
ly. Sir, many things were said ill jest that were
yet true. I fully concur in the sentiment advanced
by the honorable senator. Great Britain knows very
well, from sad experience, that she has no favor to
expect from democrats. She knows they neither
love nor feaf her.
[Mr. Archer here explained that, in one sense,
we were all democrats; and in that sense, as applied
to the whole people, he had used the term.]
I know, sir, that, if the country should be settled
by a certain portion of another party, Great Britain
would not so readily abandon it; because, in any con-
troversy of our government with her, they would
be, as formerly, her steadfast friends and nio;f
faithful allies, ever most ready to aid her in defend-
ing the country, and m upholding the renown of
the ancient Anglo-Saxon name.
Sir, the honorable senator tells us that, if w ar
should result from our folly, he will not say where
the whig party will be found in that contest. .Sir, 1
know in advance where he. himself, and many now
sitting near liini, will be found. They will be found,
as heretofore, on the side of their counti y. Bol 1
should have been gratified if he had told us what we
do not know—and that is, where many prominent
and leading men of his party would be found in that
emergency. Will they be found, as heretofore, act-
ing in concert with Great Britain, or with lion', on
the side of his country?
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Rives] has toiu
us this proceeding was a" novelty in the history of
this country, and that our discussion was unfor-
tunate, because, in it, we might and did show our
hands, while the British negotiator, snugly ensconsed
m his cabinet, concealed his. What "secrets have
we got to conceal? We had but simply to lay be-
fore him the nature of our claim to Oregon, and the
abundant testimony we possess to establish that
claim. This is all the labor that our negotiator ha*' to
perform, that 1 am aware of. Why should there be
any diplomatic, mystery about it? Our claim is no-
