March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
300
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
torious, and is sustained by historical proof; and to
this proof we have but to apply the well established
principles of national law, and bur case is madfe out.
For my part, I would be perfectly willing that the
British minister should take his seat in the privi-
leged part of tins chamber, and hear every word I
have to say upon this subject. We have heard
quite a serious discussion between two of-our distin-
guished diplomatic friends, as to the morality of the
concealment, bya minister,of facts militating against
the claims of his country. If a minister had a map
in his pocket, that would take from his country
what he advocated as her just rights, it was said
that it would be highly criminal and improper if he
did not show it. When my honorable friend from
Virginia [Mr. Rives] was holding forth in this
manner, and was applying to it the principles laid
down in Paley's Moral Philosophy, which lie
told us he had not read for thirty years, and which
I have not seen for twenty, I was unable to
retain my gravity. I could not forget that
once upon a time we had a map, which, at
the moment, seemed to have a bearing 011 a
very material point in the controversy, and which
we, at the instance of the honorable, senator himself,
then the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, were very desirous to conceal. This exhi-
bition of my honorable friend, remind me of the
spelling-book story of the impartial justice, who
changed his decision when he found that it was
his ox that had been gored. I am sorry that a gen-
tleman who possessed such large experience in na-
tional and diplomatic affairs, and who had acquired
a imputation as the representative of his country at
a foreign court that will be remembered with grati-
tude by his country when our party conflicts of the
hour will be forgotten, and whose lead I have fol-
lowed 111 support of the late treaty with England,
should be opposed to the consideration of this meas-
ure by the Senate. In France, I remember that,
when the quintuple treaty was on the very eve of
conclusion, the French Chamber of Deputies (and
to their eternal honor be it spoken) interposed, and
blew it up sky high. According to my recollection,
110 opposition has ever been made before to the
consideration of such questions by the Senate.
We discussed the Maine boundary question, and
the Caiohne, and other foreign questions here. In
a country like ours, where, thank God, the people
are every thing, and public functionaries only their
servants, there could be no concealment of public
acts. The people will never reproach 11s for talking
here upon questions which interest them, and which
ultimately they have to settle.
Sir, I have now answered, and I hope successful-
ly, the objections which have been urged against
the passage of this resolution, on the ground that
it was discourteous to the British government,
disrespectful to the President of the United
States, and inexpedient in itself. I will now
proceed to consider other objections that have been
urged against the passage of this resolution, which
are mainly of a domestic character'—objections
which would apply with equal foice against the
measure, if Great Britain were not oui'competitor
for Oregon, and if it were less remote than it is; and
if, in approaching it, there were no deserts or moun-
tains to cross, or a Cape Horn to double; and, lastly,
if there were 110 contemplated drafts upon the pub-
lic treasury for forts, and roads, and troops for the
dcfence of the country;—objections, all of which tend
to a single point; and that is, that there should be 110
migration of our people now, or at any time, to
the Territory of Oregon. Sir, prominent senators
of the whig paity have told us but too plainly what
the whole country should understand—that Oregon
ought not to be settled now, or at any time, by citi-
zens of the United States. Their appeals to us to
postpone action upon this subject, by which alone
oui title can be brought m jeopardy; their significant
hints at an equivalent for it; their blustering upon
the subject of our diplomatic skill;—all these are but
too well calculated to create a panic in the public
mind, followed up by a belief that it is the desire of
a large portion, at least, of a great political party in
this country, to see Oregon owned by Great Britain
and settled permanently by British subjects. To
what other cause can we ascribe their appeals, to
defeat the settlement of Oregon, to every mteiest in
the country that can be approached—to fear, to ava-
rice, humanity, patriotism, and to ambition, philan-
thropy and fanaticism? To what other cause can
we attribute the imrfer-estimated value of Oregon?
Sir, the senators from New Jersey have urged that
the country was without value for agricultural pur-
poses,—was a barren waste and unfit for the habita-
tion of civilized man. If so, why does Great Britain
want it' If so, is it likely tliat Great Britain, a pow-
erful and a wise nation, should exhibit such anx-
iety as she has ever show to possess a country so
poor and so unworthy of her ambition? I should
hardly think so.
The senator from Illinois [Mr. Breese] has fa-
vored us with much valuable information upon this
subject, from missionaries and others, and a portion
of it official, taken from the journals of Captain
Wilkes, of the exploring squadron. According to
these accounts, (in which I place credit,) that coun-
try is well suited for the residence of our people—
for agriculture, for pastoral purposes, for manufac-
tures, and for commercial enterprise. What more
can be said of any country, in a state of nature?
This intelligence honorable senators affect to disbe-
lieve; and, in doing so, (unknowingly, perhaps,)
slander both earth and heaven. No country 011
earth, that was ever heard of, is so poor and worth-
less as they represent Oregon to be. I care not
what its value may be: if it be ours, we should have
it; and that is my answer to this objection.
One of the senators from New Jersey [Mr. Mil-
ler] could scarcely refrain from weeping, in reciting
to the Senate the heinous sins of our forefathers, in
their treatment of the Indian race upon this conti-
nent; and, in that affecting mood, he asks us if we, ■
too, would drive the poor Indian of Oregon from
his camp and hunting grounds. No, sir; we would
civilize, educatc, and clnistianize him, and, in every
respect, improve his condition; we would save and
preserve them from falling by the bloody hand of
each other, and make them, as we have other tribes,
what they should be, under the favor of Providence,
better images of their Creator. The Indians of
North America with whom we have had peace and
free intercourse, are, at this moment, but little less
civilized than were, a few centuries ago, our boasted
Anglo-Saxon ancestors. Such of them as have had
free and uninterrupted inteicourse with citizens of
the United States have improved in their condition
more rapidly than ever did our venerated barba-
rian ancestors. Ross and Red Jacket, Pitchlyn
and Chilly Mcintosh, are better educated, bet-
ter civilized, and better statesmen, than was Al-
fred himself, the great boast of British history; and
their subjects know more of God and man, of the
arts and sciences, than at that period, and for centu-
ries after, did the time-honored barons of the Brit-
ish isle. We have made them so. These beneficial
changes in their condition have been biought about
by the humane policy adopted in regard to them by
the government of the United States, by the
brethren of Penn, and by the descendants of tile Pil-
grims and Huguenots. Such would be the changed
condition of the Indian of Oregon should an opportu-
nity be afforded; but that opportunity this friend of
the Indian will not afford. And wily? Because he
will not believe what he has but to open his eyes to
see. He will not believe what he has but to read—
the annual appropriation bills now 011 his tabic—to
discover what we have done, and are still doing, for
the benefit of our Indian neighbors. Let him look
at them in our galleries at every session of Congress,
and converse with them upon any subject, and then
say if their condition has not been improved and
benefited by the course of our government. These
blessings he sees, and these benefits he will with-
hold from the Indian of Oregon, because he dreads
an extension of our settlements. He says such ex-
tension of our settlements is weakening in its tenden-
cy, and fatal to the existence of the country. If I
could think so, Mi. President, I could not only lca-
dily excuse, but would zealously applaud his opposi-
tion to the settlement of Oregon. I should want no
other reason than that for my opposition to the set-
tlement of Oregon; it would be reason enough for
me, and would swallow up and absorb every other
consideration. A11 extension of the settlements of
our country weakening in its tendency and fatal to
its existence! Has expcnence—the best of all teach-
ers—shown this to be the case? No, sir: on the con-
trary, experience has shown that, as uui settlements
have extended, and as new States have been added
to the confederacy, our country has become strong-
er and stronger, not only externally, but internally.
Inheriting from our ancestors an immense surface
of country, and having purchased an empire since,
wild and unsettled and uncultivated, we have been
enabled to invite emigrants from all countries to our
shores, and to grant to each of tliem the right of
citizenship and political equality, never by them be-
fore enjoyed. Grateful for such blessings as these,
and having nothing to remember in the country
from which they came, but their wrongs and their
oppressions, they at once love and venerate this
country, and all her institutions. They incorporate
themselves into the masses, and become a part of
them, ready, at all times, to discharge any public du-
ty required at their hands by the country of their
adoption. This policy, founded ujson the extent
and condition of our landed inheritance, has pro-
duced the rapid and unexampled growth of this
country—a growth extending from three and a half
to eighteen millions of population, in the lifetime of
a single generation—an increase from thirteen to
twenty-six States, and three Territories, in less than
fifty years. Shall this wise policy be abrogated
now? Shall we make no further extension of our
settlements? And wherefore? On account of inter-
nal danger? No, sir: the petmle of any country are
not apt to become dissatisfied, or corrupt, or treach-
erous, if the government be wisely conducted and
pioperly administered. If the rights of the people,
for whose benefit exclusively all governments were
established, are but properly respected; if they
sliare, in ioramon with all others, equal political
rights, and enjoy equal privileges, and bear but an
equal and proper proportion of the public burdens;
if they have homes, and comforts, ana independence,
and ownership in the soil, room, air, and the means
of a livelihood, and are not crowded, dependent, and
starving—you will never have either treason or rebel-
lion to encounter and conquer. You will have
nothing to fear, however extended the country
may bccome. Still less the danger, in a country like
ours, based upon the representative principle, where
all the wants and wishes of the glorious and majes-
tic people, however widely apart their domicils, are
certainly to be attended to, as the_ representative
holds his station by the tenure of their approbation.
An extension of the settlements of our country weak
ening in its tendency! Has experience in this coun-
try established the truth of this theory? 1 have an-
swered that question. Were we taught this phi-
losophy when boys at school, or have we learned it
from observation and history in our manhood?
Neither, sir. And yet the senator tells us that
sparse settlements are apt to fly off. Can he give us
an illustration? No, sir. The only traitors we have
ever had were from the old and populous States, and
near the centre. The only alarming disaffection
we have ever had, or now have, has existed in the
old States, and near the centre. The senator tells
us that, as our settlements become more and more
remote, their attachment for the country becomes
less and less ardent—that they become like citizens
of the world, who have 110 ties. 1 had before
thought that the Objection to a citizen of the world
was, not that he had no ties, but too many. Where
has the senator found any evidence to show that
our remote settlements have lost any of their attach-
ment to the Union? Will he find it m the history ot
our wars' Will he find it 111 the records of our
couits? I think not. Wheie, then, is the evidence
of our want of attachment to this Union? The sen-
ator has not made, and cannot make, any specifica-
tion. It is, sir, a mere fancy sketch.
Sir, the honorable senators on the other side at-
tempt to check our ardor for Oregon by represent-
ing it as poor and valueless; they appeal to the
"milk of human kindness" which overflows in our
breasts in behalf of the poor Indians who reside
there; they appeal to our patriotism and excite
our fears, by telling 11s, if we persist in this
favorite democratic measure, that we incur (lie
hazard of dissolving this confederacy; and,
lest all these should fail, they appeal to our pock-
ets. Sir, the senator from Massachusetts made
a similar appeal the other day. He told us that our
policy would rekindle the fires of the forges of Penn-
sylvania, which were now extinguished; and that
the looms and spinning jennies, and all the other
whelps of the protected interests, would spring once
more into life and activity in all their monopolizing
vigor, extortion, and oppression. They tell us ot
the immense sums of money our Q,uixotic project
of settling Oregon is to cost the nation for building
forts and roads, and in subsisting our little army in
that remote and steril region. They remind us of
the taxes which will have to be assessed, and the
burdens we shall have to bear, to meet the enormous
expenses of this wild and hazardous enterprise.
We are told the means of the treasury will be ex-
hausted, and that there will be nothing left in it for
the removal of the Red river raft, and the snags awl
sand bars from our western river navigation, and to
build light-houses, harbors, breakwaters, and bat-
