310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Improvement of Harbors, Sec.—Mr, Henley.
H. of Reps.
teries on the seacoast and lakes. Attempt the set-
tlement of Oregon, (they tell us,) and we shall have
no more money, and all these favorite projects will
suddenly stop. Such, sir, is the picture which the
senator from New Jersey [Mr.'MiLLER] has drawn
for our contemplation; and, in answer to these ap-
palling statements, I beg leave to state that we ask
for no additional troops in the army to carry out our
project. We ask, for such as we shall require in
that service, no additional pay—no additional rations.
"Whether at Jefferson Barracks or in Oregon, we
propose to give to our officers and men the same
pay and rations that they now receive, and no more.
We have public ships in commission, built and paid
for, and now lying idle in our harbors. These we
contemplate using in transporting our supplies; and,
while engaged in this service, we expect to pay to
the officers and sailors the same pay, and to allow
them the same rations, they now'receive when in
the public service at home, or in the Mediterranean,
or in other seas. All that we ask of the treasury is
the sum of one hundred thousand dollars, and no
more; and, for this trifling expenditure, which is to
have the tremendous effect of increasing the tariff,
exhausting the treasury, and stopping all appropria-
tions for the lakes, Atlantic coast, and the western
rivers, we shall expect "a remuneration out of the
sales of the public land in that quarter, whenever
we shall deem it advisable to stop donations, and re-
sume the favorite whig policy of land-jobbing.
Sir, the honorable senator from New Jersey has
urged other objections against the settlement of Ore-
gon, which are rather of a sectional character. The
policy of the measure, in his judgment, is objectiona-
ble, because it opens new channels to emigration,
and is calculated to draw off the people from the old
settlements of the old States, and thus to diminish
the value of landed property in the old States, anil
to raise the wages of labor, by lessening competition
for it; and lastly, by diminishing the political power
of the old States. These views are not new to me.
I have heard them often before. I have heard them
nt every session of every Congress, at which, in my
time, we acted upon any psblic land bill, in which
there was a provision for a pre-emption, or an ef-
fort made to reduce the price of the public lands.
Pre-emption laws er graduation laws have ever
been denounced by those gentlemen as unjust boun-
ties out of the public treasury in behalf of the new
States, at the expense of the old. A preponderance
of such views as these in the halls of Congress has
given rise to statutes, piohibiting a settlement upon
the public lands; to suits of trespass against the set-
tlers; to military interference; to the distribution bill,
and other stringent measures, in the vain hope of
checking emigration, and retarding the growth and
settlement of the western country. Freeholders, and
landmongers, and manufacturers, are told that it is
ihcir interest to have labor cheap and real estate
high; and therefore they, of all others, should dis-
countenance emigration, and the acquisition of any
more territory, or of providing for the settlement of
that which we have. Aspiring ambition is told that
•■migration affects political, sectional power; and if
they would have things stationary, and their chances
for promotion not diminished, they, too, should throw
obstacles in the way of occupation. Political power,
sir, with these gentlemen, is more important, in
their estimation, than the independence and happi-
ness of the mass of their constituents. To keep up
that power, to prevent emigration, those gentlemen
would, if possible, keep their constituents m poverty
and wretchedness. Such, sir, is the food ambition
lives on. Rather than see the land of the landholder
reduced ill vulue by emigration, they would sec their
poor but honest constituents, tenants at will and la-
borers for life upon the estate of some proud lord of
the manor, or forced into the workshops of an exact-
ing manufacturer, from the crumbs of whose table,
or froni the coffers of whose chest, this wretched
class of mortality are to be daily fed. Such gentle-
men want no Oregons or new countries lor emi-
grants to go to.
^ Sir, the senator from New Jersey [Mr. Miller]
also told us that it had been clearly ascertained, by
some philanthropist, that civilization could not
travel but seventeen miles per annum; and, of
course, an extension of our settlements at a greater
rate than seventeen miles a year would barbarize
those who had been civilized before.
, i^r. Miller here explained that, in reference to
t.-e cultivation of Oregon lands, he said that their
improvement advanced but seventeen miles a year.
 Ie did not speak of the advance of civilization.!
Very well, sir. I accept the gentleman's explana-
tion with pleasure; and think there is about as much
truth in the calculation in one respect as in the other.
The honorable gentleman intimates to the fanatics—
whom_ you and I, sir, alike despise—that they
should oppose an extension of the empire; and that,
if Oregon is colonized, Texas and slavery will follow.
Allow me, sir, in conclusion, to repeat that I hold
that the resolution now under consideration is not
discourteous to the British government; it is not dis-
respectful to the President of the United States; nor
is it unnecessary or inexpedient. I hold that the
Territory of Oregon is- not so poor as it has been
represented to be; and that the interests of the whole
Union would be greatly benefited by its occupation
and settlement; and for these reasons, I am for
taking what appears to me to be the first step to-
wards the ultimate object of settling that country.
In a word, sir, I am in favor of passing the resolu-
tion, and shall vote for it.
The question was then taken, and decided by
yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Han-
negan, King, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Walker, Woodbury,
and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Hay-
wood, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, McDuffle,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Rives, Sim-
mons, Tallmadge, Uphara, White, and Woodbridge—28.
Every whig and three democrats voted against the
resolution.
REMARKS OF MR. HENLEY,
OF INDIANA.
In the House of Representatives, Jtpril 6, 1844.—
In Committee of the Whole, on the amendment to
the bill making appropriations for harbors and
rivers, proposing to confine $25,000 of the appro-
priation to the improvement of the Indiana chute
m the falls of the Ohio river.
Mr. HENLEY having obtained the floor, ad-
dressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: To present the amendment
which I propose to submit for the consideration of
the committee, is a duty which I owe not alone to
my immediate constituents, but to all those inter-
ested i n the navigation of the Ohio river, whether
they reside upon its own beautiful shores, or upon its
tributaries in Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, and
Kentucky; or whether they are the recipients of our
trade in Mississippi, Arkansas, and Louisiana. There
is no distinction of interest on this question. The
entire valley of the Mississippi is alike interested, in
overcoming the obstacles to western commerce a
the falls of the Ohio. A canal has already been con-
structed, but it has been found wholly inadequate
to the purposes intended. The subject has been
considered of so much importance, that surveys, '
estimates, and examinations have been made with a
view to various kinds of improvements; and to re-
move also the burden which hangs so heavily upon
our commerce in the shape of tolls upon the Louis-
ville and Portland canal. Nothing, however, seems
likely to be done, in any reasonable time, in regard
to the purchase of the present canal, or the con-
struction of anew canal on the Indiana side of the
river, owing, perhaps, to the great cost which would
attend either of these schemes; while, in the mean
time, our enterprising traders are subject to an on-
erous and oppressive tax, merely for the want of
a small appropriation, which, if I can get the atten-
tion of the committee, 1 shall be able to show, will
gi ve them a passage through the falls, at all stages
ot water, when they can pass the bars above and
below. 1 allude particularly to flat boats, and the
small class steamers. The first thins; I propose
to show, sir, is that the expenditure I ask will an-
swer the purpose for which it is intended. And in
doing so, I shall aim to state nothing but facts. At
the lowest stages, the depth of water in the channel
at the grassy flats, at the Albany bar, and at Flint
island, is about 24 inches. No one, of course, desires
to pass the falls, unless the bars below can be passed
also. Now, sir, these is the same depth of water at
low stages on the falls as on those bars; but the
channel is crooked and rocky. All, therefore, that
is necessary to consummate the improvement I de-
sire, is to straighten the channel through the falls,
and bring the water into a body without lowering
the level above. We only want a confined current,
without lateral rapids or points and reefs to run on.
A little blasting of a reef between two sluices lead-
ing to the head of the chute, and. a few hundred feet
down the chute, would give from two to three feet
water at the head, and deeper and deeper to the foot
of the falls. There will be rocks to remove, how-
ever, and points to blast off all the way through, and a
channel to form, corresponding with the chute down
past the bar at New -Albany;—all of whi.ch can be
done for the sum mentioned in the amendment, as
I am assured by an experienced engineer residing
at the falls, and by pilots and others in whose judg-
ment and practical knowledge upon this subject I
have the greatest confidence. Why, sir, so confi-
dent are those who have examined the subject, of the
practicability of this improvement, that there are
men about the falls who would undertake, upon
contract, to do the work for $30,000, and guaranty,
by bond and security, that it would answer the pur-
poses of decending navigation for flat-boats and small
steamers. But, sir, to avoid all difficulty, and ob-
viate all objections in every quarter, I have provided
that the expenditure shall only be made at the dis-
cretion of the engineer or other officer having charge
of the work, should he deem it practicable, and if,
in his opinion, it will not reduce the depth of the
water above the falls. I have said enough, sir, I
trust, to satisfy the committee of the utility of the
scheme; at all events, they must be convinced
that no harm can, and much good may, be done by
the adoption of the amendment. I could go on to
demonstrate from estimates and calculations furnish
ed me by an engineer, that the appropriation is ade
quate to the improvement; but deeming that unne-
cessary, I shall proceed to speak of its importance;
and I only connect it now with downward naviga-
tion, for flat-boats and small steamers. In the pres-
ent prosperous condition of the trade of the West,
it is probable that not less than 500 flat-boats will
pass the canal in one season. The charge for
tolls is two cents per square foot area, on the
top, for coal and hay boats; aud three cents for
salt, produce, and all other descriptions of loading; so
that 500 boats, averaging 16 feet by 80, or 1,280 feet
in the horizontal section, pay $38 40 each, or $19,200
in the aggregate, per annum, to pass the canal—more
than half enough to blast out a chute which would
let them through the falls free of charge. If you
add to this, sir, the saving to steamboats in their
downward trips, you will have nearly, if not quite,
enough in one single year to make the improvement,
and relieve this meritorious and enterprising class of
traders from so heavy and oppressive a burden. Who
is it, Mr. Chairman, that is to be immediately bene-
fited by this proposition? It is the industrious flat-
boat mall,—the man with the strong arm and hon
est heart who toils at the side oar of the "broad horn,"
in seeking, by a perilous voyage, a maiket for his
surplus products—the farmer, sir, who has toiled
throughout the year in sunshine and in lain, in heat
and cold, to create and gather together what he can
spare of the. product of his farm, for a market among
his brethren of the South;—the man who, of all
9ther classes, is most talked of, and least cared for,
in the halls of Congress. It is the farmer and the'
adventurous trader, who, when he has started to
market with the fruit of his own honest labor, that (
propose to relieve of a heavy and oppressive tax. 1
wish, sir, I could place this subject m its tiue lHit
before the people, and bring them to a proper reflec-
tion upon its great importance; I should then be re-
lieved of the necessity of pleading their cause and
especially would I not have to contend with their
own representatives for tins boon to which they ai e
so justly entitled. 1 know, sir, what the people of
the entire West will say if they are consulted upon
this subject. They will say with one voice, Pass
the amendment; give the engineer the power to make
the experiment if he deems it practicable;—the ob-
ject is of vast importance to us, and the stun is so
small, that, even should it be unsuccessful, we will
cheerfully bear the burden. My object now is if J
should fail in the amendment, to cull the attention of
the country to the subject, so that the people of the
West may see how easily they may relieve them-
selves from the onerous burdens thrown upon them
by an incorporated company that has been fattenin"
and battening for years upon their sweat and ]abor.°
But, it is asked, if this important improvement be
so easily accomplished, why has it not been done
before? The answer is easy. The influence of the
canal company, with a capital of $1,000,000, has
been at work, and has so far smothered every pror •
osition to make any improvement which would
effect the revenue of the canal. But, sir, to those
who contemplate the purchase of the Louisville
and Portland canal, or the opening of a canal on the
Indiana side? (and of this number I profess to be one,)
