CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of sundry cit-
izens of Campbell county, Kentucky, praying that a
mail route may be established from Newport, by,
the way of Four-mile, Twelve-mile, and Carthage,
to Belmont, in said county: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Offices and Post Roads.
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of George Har-
rison, a paymaster in the war of 1812, for relief
against a demand of the government for money over-
paid by him to the regiment to which he was appoint-
ed paymaster, &c. Also, the petition of a large num-
ber of the citizens of "West and East Feliciana, East
and West Baton Rouge, and Iberville, Louisiana,
praying for a reorganization of the regiment of
dragoons, which was unwisely dismounted by the
last Congress, &c.
By Mr. HOPKINS: The petition of Dr. James
T. Barclay, representing that he has discovered a
process by which to protect the gold and silver coins
from adulteration and debasement, and pledging him-
self to demonstrate the practicability of a plan, by
means of which we may have a coinage of such su-
perior fabrication as not only to be proof against
fraudulent reduction,but materially to shield it against
depreciation by friction, and praying for such re-
muneration for the discovery as Congress may deem
it just and expedient to allow him.
By Mr. WILLIS GREEN: The memorial of
sundry citizens of Kentucky, praying for the appro-
priation of the unsold land in the vincennes dis-
trict, Indiana, for the completion of the Erie and
Wabash canal: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Bv Mr. FICKLIN: The memorial of Wm. M.
Hunt and G7 other citizens of Crawford county, Il-
linois, asking a grant of land to complete the nation-
al thoroughfare between the lakes and the Ohio, by
the improvement of the Wabash.
By Mr. MOORE: The memorial of 112 citizens
of Knox, Franklin, and Licking counties, Ohio,
praying a reduction in the rates of postage: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, another memorial on the same subject, from
William Van Dervoort and 145 other citizens of
Knox, Franklin, and Licking counties, Ohio: refer-
red-to the same committee. Also, a memorial sign-
ed by H. A. Stidger and 76 other citizens of Carroll,
Carroll county, Ohio, praying for the immediate oc-
cupation, by the general government, of the Oregon
Territory. Also, offered a resolution instructing
the Joint Committee on the Library to inquire into
the expediency and propriety of purchasing, for the
use of the National Institute, Russell's Planetarium,
and at what price the same can be purchased. Also,
the petition and papers of the heirs of Jacob Thom-
as in relation to a private land claim, were taken from
the files of the House, and referred to the commit-
tee on that subject. Also, the petition and papers of
Mr. John Grigsby for a pension, were taken from
the files of the House, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. IlELFE: The resolutions of the City
Council of St. Louis, Missouri, on the subject of
marine hospitals: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. BOWLIN: James Maguire was permit-
ted to withdraw his petition, heretofore submitted to
the House, praying compensation for extra services
as clerk in one of the bureaus of the War Depart-
ment, and the same was again referred to the
Committee of Claims: Joseph Barkley was permit-
ted to withdraw his petition for a pension, hereto-
fore submitted to the House; and the same, to-
gether with affidavits herewith filed in support of
the same, was again referred to the Committee en In-
valid Pensions.
By Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT: The petition
of Richard W. Thompson and 136 others, of the
county of Vigo, Indiana, asking that a por-
tion of the vacant lands in the Shawneetown and
Palestine land district, in the State of Illinois, and of
the vacant lands of Vincennes, be granted fo.r the
purpose of improving the rapids of the Wabash
river: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The petition of John Nelson and 40 other citizens of
Montgomery county, Indiana, asking that the vacant
lands in the Vincennes land district, Indiana, be
granted to the State of Indiana, for the purpose of
extending the Wabash and Erie canal from Terre
Haute to Evansville, Indiana: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
By Mr. RAMSEY: A statement, prepared by a
committee of the citizens of Havre de Grace, of the
amount of lumber, produce, &c., which arrived at
Port Dcposite and Havre de Grace, by Susquehaii- |
na river and canal, during the year 1843, for tran-
shipment coastwise.
py Mr. LYON: A resolution of the Legislature of
Michigan, in favor of an appropriation of land by
the United States for the repair and completion of
the road from Detroit to Grand river, in that State.
A memorial, signed by 69 citizens of St. Joseph
county, in the State of Indiana, asking an appropri-
ation for constructing a harbor at New Buffalo, in
the- State of Michigan. The memorial of Byron
Kilbourn, renewing the prayer contained in his me-
morial of December, 1842, that Congress would
pass a resolution disapproving the resolution of the
legislature of the Territory of Wisconsin repudi-
ating the bonds negotiated for a canal loan; and also
praying that Congress would pass a resolution or
act rendering it obligatory on the legislature of the
Territory of Wisconsin to pay, out of the funds
derived from the sale of canal lands, those several
bonds issued and negotiated for said loan numbered
32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 52, 53, 54, 55, and 56, which
were duly and lawfully sold to, and paid for by, the
holders thereof.
By Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The memorial of
John W. Hockett, praying payment for labor per-
formed by him on the Cumberland road: referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals. The memo-
rial of John W. Barr, a soldier in the late war with
Great Britain, under General Andrew Jackson,pray-
ing Congress to grant land to all those who served
their country in said weir: referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. The petition of Susanna
Barker, (widow of Zebadiah Barker,) praying a
pension on account of the revolutionary services of
her late husband: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions. The petition of citizens of Jack-
son county, Illinois, praying the establishment of a
mail-route from the county seat of said county to
Georgetown, in Randolph county, was taken from the
files of the House and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. The proceedings
of a public meeting of the citizens of Alton and vi-
cinity, to devise measures for the permanent location
of the national road to the Mississippi river at Al-
ton; together with a memorial of the legislature of
Illinois on the same subject: referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 20, 1844.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from Thomas
C. Williams and others, of the parish of Madison,
in the State of Louisiana, praying Congress to pass
a law securing them in their rights of pre-emption,
under the law of 1841: referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, relative to the building of a
permanent wharf at Pensaeola, was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from Wil-
liam Harder, asking for an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Gideon Bach-
elder and others; which was read, and ordered to
second reading; and the report accompanying order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made an adverse report on the petition of
William M. Gibbs, praying for arrears of pension;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and to be
printed.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which had been referred sev-
eral memorials from the citizens of Alexandria,
Georgetown, and Washington upon the subject, re-
ported a bill to extend the charters of the District
banks; which was read.
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the reading of the
bill again; when it was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the charters of the several banks herein
enumerated, a3 now existing and modified by law,
namely: The Farmer's and Mechanic's Bank
Georgetown, the Bank of the Metropolis, Patriotic
Bank of Washington, in the City of Washington;
and the Farmer's Bank of Alexandria, and Bank of
Potomac, in the Town of Alexandria,—be, and the ]
same we hereby, extended until the fourth day of
July, one thousand eight hundred and ■ fifty-four.
Provided, That Congress may at any time hereafter
alter, amend, modify, or repeal tie charters of the
said several banks, and the lawsmodifying the same,
or either of them.
See. 2d. Jiiul be it further enacted, That if any of
the said banks shall hereafter suspend specie pay-
ments, or refuse to pay, on demand, any of their
notes, deposites, or other obligations in specie, it
shall be the duty of the district attorney for the
District of Columbia, ex officio, to file a bill before
the proper court, whosfe duty it shall be, upon legal
proof of the fact, to declare the forfeiture of the
charter of such defaulting bank, and place it in a
state of liquidation, and wind up its affairs, accord-
ing to the rules and practice of a court of chancery.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That at any elec-
tion hereafter to bo had by either of the said banks
for officers thereof, no person shall vote upon such
an amount of stock, or give such number of votes as
will make a majority of the whole number of votes
given at such election. Nor shall any person vote
at any such election upon proxy made and exe-
cuted more than six months prior to such election.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, he did not mean now
to open up on the question of ordering the bill to a
second reading, a debate oft its merits; but he rose
to give notice that when it was brought up for dis-
cussion he would move to recommit it to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, with instruc-
tions to make another provision to the bill, render-
ing the stockholders of the banks liable for all their
issues.
The bill was then ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph Bry-
an, Harrison Young, and Benjamin Young; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading; and the
bill accompanying ordered to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to Congress, as far as he consider consist-
ent with the public interest, any information which
may have reached the government, from its accred-
ited agents, tending to show any use of the flag of
the United States, in subservience to the African
slave trade, and in violation of the laws or policy of
the government. Also, any correspondence which
may have taken place between this government and
the minister of Portugal in relation to the taking
away of slaves, the property of Portuguese sub-
jects, from the territories of that power, m vessels
owned or employed by citizens of the United
States.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to cause a survey and estimate to be made of the
practicability anil expense of erecting a fortification
on the east side of Dauphin island, adequate to the
defence of the city and harbor of Mobile.
Mr. ALLEN presented documents in support of
the claim of David Robb, for services rendered, and
expenses incurred by him in effecting the ratifica-
tion of certain treaties with the Shawnee and other
Indians: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Slm-
m.e on Friday last, was taken up, and agreed to,
viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish to the Senate a copy of the
report recently made by Captam Cram, of the corps
of topographical engineers, upon the survey of the
harbor of St. Louis, with its accompanying charts,
maps, plans, and estimates. _
The adverse report of the Committee on Pensions,
in the case of George W. Cummings, the adverse re-
port of the Committee on Claims, in the case of
John Washington, and the report of the Committee
on Pensions, in the case of the widow of Samuel
Gray, were taken up, and concurred in.
Mr. TAPPAN, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution proposing an amendment to the constitution
of the United States, so as to limit the term of office
of the judge of the supreme and inferior courts of
the United States; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
THE OREGON, AND PURCHASE OF BOOKS.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Senate took
up for consideration the bill for the purchase of cer-
