S12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Vinton.
H. of Reps.
of wages among the mechanics in the navy-yards. I
speak of my own district, and of what I have seen
and heard. The wages at the Philadelphia navy-
yard have, in the inclement season of winter, been
reduced 25 per cent. Wages at this yard have al-
ways been lower than at any other. I cannot see
any reason whatever for the late changes. I had ■
hoped that the superior skill of the mechanics and la-
borers of the Philadelphia navy-yard, and the high
character of the work performed by them for the gov-
ernment, would have entitled them to a fair remune-
ration for their labor, and have saved them from
the application of those false principles of economy
which sacrifice quality to cheapness, and the com-
fort and independence of the laboring man to the
avaricious parsimony of the employer. By whom-
soever ordered, I-pronounce this reduction of wages
a grevious wrong to the meritorious workingman,
and as calculated to be injurious by leading to a de-
terioration of public work. Government, which ex-
pects its work to be of a superior quality, must ex-
pect to obtain it only by engaging men at good
wages. The precarious employment afforded by
ths government, depending, as it does, upon annual
appropriations, will prevent it from obtaining the ser-
vices of skilful mechanics, unless a sfficiently com-
pensatory rate of wages is granted. I do trust, sir,
that the constructors of the Princeton and Mississip-
pi, the Raritan and the Pennsylvania, may escape
any further application of this miserable system of
economy, and that those who have the control of
these tlnngs may retrace their steps and do justice
to the men whose active hands build up the navy.
I do not desire to see that navy built up at the sac-
rifice of the welfare of the workingmen. I shall
cease to believe it an honorable service, if it can
only be maintained by grinding wages down to
such a standard as to barely afford the means of ex-
istence.
If retrenchments are to be made in the navy, let
them not be made in the wages of the mechanics.
Let the costly experiments, which lead to nothing,
he abandoned—let the floating batteries, which cost
so many thousands in experiments, and come to
nothing when practically tested, be abandoned,
with the prodigal patronage of the many other wild
schemes of ingenious inventors. If reforms are to
be introduced into the navy, (and I am not opposed
to them,) the best mpde of proceeding to follow will
be to institute an inquiry how the money appropria-
ted may be most judiciously and economically ap-
plied. This is the true mode of reform; and not to
cut down the number of vessels from a navy, barely
adequate, and no more, to the protection of the com-
merce of the country. The number of ships does
not admit of reduction; but it is very clcar more
economy may be practised in building them, as is
evident from the great disparity in cost between
vessels built at the Philadelphia and other navy-
yards.
For the economical repair, and for the preserva-
tion of ships of war, nothing can be more servicea-
ble than dry-docks, in which the timbers and copper
of the largest ships may be examined at any time,
with but little trouble and expense. The utility of
dry-docks is regarded as so essential to the equip-
ment of the French and English navies, that
there is hardly a naval station in France or Eng-
land without one of them. All writers on na-
val affairs bear testimony to their importance. J.
Fenimore Cooper, an excellent authority on na-
val affairs, says, in his Naval History, "another
of the provisions necessary to the efficiency of a
marine that has been neglected by the American
government, is the construction of dry-docks. It is
hardly exceeding the bounds of a just discrimination
to say, that the State which possesses a fleet of
twenty heavy ships, with a sufficient number of
dry-docks, is better provided with the means of car-
rying on an active and vigoious naval warfare, than
the State which possesses double the number of ships
and no dry-docks. Indeed, a constant examination
of the copper of vessels, to say nothing of injuries
received in battle, is necessary to sailing well; and
as has been said already, a fleet composed of vessels
of unequal qualities is at once reduced to the level
of its poorest ships. The great extent of the Ameri-
can coast requires an unusual provision of this na-
ture. Crippled vessels are compelled to make the
first port, and no important naval station should be
without at least one dock capable of receivin°* any-
thing that floats." I trust, sir, among the°other
< < Hiiomical reforms to be introduced into the navy
will be that of a general system of dry-docks, and
that the acknowledged excellence of Philadelphia
as a building station, may entitle it to as much re-
gard from the government, in this respect, as has
been shown toJSoston, Norfolk, and New York.
Gentlemen from the West should remember that
their section of the country has a direct interest in
maintaining a strong navy. In whatever wars we
may hereafter be engaged with foreign nations, the
contest will be decided on the ocean, unless the
naval strength of the country is so much impaired
that no resistance can be made on that element. Be-
fore a debarkation can be made on our coasts, the
array of an active and powerful fleet must be broken
through; the roar of contending ships on the ocean
will" be the first signal of open war, and its echoes
resounding along our coasts will be a timely warn-
ing to the nation to set itself in military array to
meet the approaching invader. No army can be
landed in good condition with military stores and
armament, when a vigilant navy guards our coasts.
Debarking in a disorganized state, with broken
ranks, it will easily be defeated by a people ready
in arms and waiting its approach.
With no obstacle powerful enough to arrest the
advance of an invading fleet, foreign troops may be
landed without difficulty, and the whole country ex-
posed to be overrun before it can put itself in readi-
ness for war. Success on the Atlantic coast will
lead to an invasion of the interior, and the theatre
of war be changed to the prairies of the West. In-
stead of thus opening the interior to the march of an
invading army, to be followed by its usual calami-
ties of desolated fields, burned towns, and outrages
on the weak and helpless, how much better is it not
in every respect—how much more economical and
politic to confine the seat of war to the Atlantic
States, by keeping up a navy strong enough to repel
an invader, or to cripple him to such a degree as to
prevent him from doing any great harm. Gentle-
men are indifferent to the support of the navy, be-
cause they imagine that the present calm of peace is
to continue for a great length of time. I beseech
them not to dismantle the defences of the country,
because the roar of hostile cannon is not resounding
in our ears, or because the engines of war are not
battering at our doors. Peace depends upon too
slight cncumstances to be permanent, and the hu-
man passions are too violent and arbitrary not to
render the causes of war always imminent.
The character of a nation depends m no small de-
gree upon its military and naval "resources, and its
immediate power to redress a wrong or enforce rep-
aration for violated rights or honor. The best guar-
anty of peace is the ability to prosecute successful
war, and the surest incentive to foreign outrage on
domestic rights in the fact that a nation possesses in-
sufficient means of redress or self-defence. It has
cost us many millions to build up a navy, but it has
contributed as much even as the form of our institu-
tions to the establishment of that elevated character
which the people of the United States now hold
among the civilized societies of the word. Of the
moral effects which have followed its triumphs, wo
are all witnesses, and in its fame we are common
participants. 1 put, sir, the support of the navy
, upon the broad ground of its indispensability 'as a
commercial guardian, and its efficiency as a pro-
tector of the security and interests of all parts of the
country; and upon that ground I am willing to stake
its existence.
If, sir, the claims of domestic secuiity have no in-
fluence, in a time of peace, to prevent the enfeebling
of the navy by injudicious retrenchments, let me ap-
peal to your feelings in its behalf, by references to
its past history. We owe a deep debt of gratitude
to the navy. Let gentlemen look back to the early
scenes of the late war with Great Britain. When
the glory of the national arms had been tarnished
by surrenders and defeals on our frontiers—when
all was dismay at the North and in the North-
west—when this city was menaced, and even
taken possession of by a foreign foe, and
the President and his cabinet were precipi-
tately flying before a hostile army—when
the walls of tlus Capitol were crumbling beneath the
torch of an incendiary foe,—at that dark and gloomy
hour, what was it that raised the drooping spirits of
the nation, that redeemed the national character and
held it up to the admiration and astonishment of the
world? Was it not the deeds of Decatur, Bainbridge,
Hull, Stewart, and their gallant compeers upon the
deep the glorious victories of the American navy
which broke the charm of British invincibility? Are
these deeds and our obligations to be now forgotten?
These are themes which may appropriately be re-
ferred to, when it is proposed to prostrate that
branch of the service, which has furnished the no-
blest pages in our history. I warn gentlemen not
to appeal to local prejudices in support of their cru-
sade against the navy. The navy has won itself to
the affections of the people ; it has a hold on the na-
tional heart; it is beloved and cherished by a grate-
ful people for the gteat services rendered to the whole
country in an hour of danger; and it will never per-
mit it to be sacrificed to a cry of false economy,
which would prostrate a great national interest to
sectional prodigality. The fate- of the navy is in the
hands of the great majority in this House: let them
beware they impair its strength; for a jealous people
will hold them to a strict responsibility for their de-
structive war upon this favorite branch of the public
service.
SPEECH OF MR. VINTON,
of ohio.
In the House of Representatives, February 12,1844—On
the contested election of the members of the House
of Representatives, elected by the general-ticket
system in the States of New Hampshire, Georgia,
Missouri, and Mississippi.
Mr. VINTON said: The magnitude of the ques-
tion now under consideration was such, that he did
not know that he should be able to give it the full
discussion which its importance demanded within
the hour allotted to him; and he gave notice now, in
the outset, that if he should be cut off by the rale of
the House from concluding his remarks, he should,
nevertheless, if he thought-proper to do so, publish
all that he now intended to say. When the debate
opened, it was not his intention to make any part in
it; but being satisfied that the report of the majority
of the Committee of Elections was about to be sus-
tained, he could not sit by silently and see what he
regarded a solemn and binding law of the land re-
pudiated, nullified, and set at nought, without con-
tributing his feeble efforts to vindicate and uphold it,
and, if possible, to protect it from violation.
The constitution of the United States provides
that the times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for representatives to this House, shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but
that "the Congress may at any time, by law, make
or alter such regulations." On the 25th of June, A.
D. 1842, Congress passed a law, which, among
other things, declared that the members of this
House from each State should be thereafter
elected by districts composed of contiguous ter-
ritory—no one district electing more than one
member. The act having laid down this gen-
eral regulation, left it, as he thought very wise-
ly, with the States to make these districts for them-
selves, according to their own sense of propriety,
and as might best suit their convenience. The State
of Deldw.ue, being entitled to but one representative
in this House, is, of necessity, a single election dis-
trict. Twenty-one States, entitled to two hundred
and one members, have formed their districts, and
sent their representatives here, in conformity to the
act of Congress; while four States, entitled to twen-
ty-one members in all, have disregarded this law,
and, neglecting or refusing to form districts, have
sent persons here to represent them elected by a
general vote of all the electors of their respective
States. The right of these persons to hold their
seats, is the question now before us; and here we
are met, at the outset, by two very grave questions,
to wit: Have we a right to go behind the act of Con-
gress? And if we have, is this provision of the act
constitutional and valid? The first of these ques-
tions had not been discussed; and he should not
therefore, bring it into debate; but he must be per-
mitted to say that he had not been able to satisfy
his own mind that we have the right to look into
the law with the view to decide on its constitution-
ality. It seemed to be taken for granted by gentle-
men that, because we are sitting as judges to decide
on these elections, therefore we have a right to de-
cide on the constitutionality of the law of Con-
gress pi escribing the manner of holding elec-
tions. He admitted that, when acini"- as
judges, we had the right, within the° lim-
its assigned to us by the constitution, as judges,
to go into every thing necessary to a correct deci-
sion of the validity of the elections now in question
But what are we judges of? The 5th section of the
1st article of the constitution answers this question;
it says, that "each House shall be the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members." Does this clause mean to declare that
each House of Congress shall look into the elec-
