Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Vinton.
H. of Reps.;
tions, the returns,&c., and judge whether they have
been conducted and made according to the forms
prescribed by the law? Or does it mean that each
House shall or may go into the constitutionality of
the law itself, and adjudge it to be invalid and of
no effect^ He thought we could only go into the
first inquiry—to wit, whether the elections had been
conducted according' to the law regulating the hold-
ing of them. Elections, returns, &c., must of neces-
sity be regulated by law, since the constitution does
not prescribe the mode of doing these things. It
delegates a power to the State legislatures and. to
Congress to make these laws. If Congress make
regulations or this subject, it must make them by
the enactment of a law requiring the assent of both
Houses, (not of one only,) and the approval of the
President. And it would seem to be going a great
way to say, that what was thus made, and intended
by the constitution, should be made by the joint
concurrence of all the branches of the legislative
power, for the government of each House, to be a
law for each House, might nevertheless be set aside
and treated as a nullity by either; because the mem-
bers of either branch may to-day entertain a differ-
ent opinion as to the interpretation of this clause of
the constitution from what was the understanding of
a11 the branches of the legislature when the law
was made, including that which thus assumes
to judge. If cach House have the power to do this,
the sagacious men who made the constitution must
have foreseen that the popular branch of Congress
at least, in times of high excitement, and at the
very moment when there is the most need of the au-
thority of law as a curb, would never be at a loss for
an argument to set the law aside as a nullity, when
it stood jn the way of the accomplishment of party
ends. He thought it was to shut the door against
all such influences that the law which was to govern
each House was required to be made by all the
branches of the law-making power. He thought,
then, the only power the constitution intended to in-
trust to this or to the other branch of Congress, in a
case of contested election, was to look into the elec-
tion returns, &c., so far, and so far only, as to see
and judge whether they have been done m conform-
ity to the laws regulating the subject. If he was
correct in this, the power that made the law in ques-
tion was competent to repeal or alter it; but it could
not be trodden down by this House as a nullity,
and not binding upon it. But, waiving the discus-
sion of this topic, we are brought to the other gieat
question, on which the debate has thus far turned,
to wit: is this provision of the act of Congress valid
and constitutional?
Before we pass upon a question so grave and se-
rious in its character—before we, as judges, here,
upon our oaths of office, proceed to declare this law
to be void, and m violation of the constitution—it
will be well for us to come to a solemn pause. The
people of the United States arc a law-loving and a law-
abiding people; and if we, who are om selves the law-
makers, set them the example of repudiating, nulli-
fying, and setting at nought our own laws, made for
our own government, they will hold us to a just and
fearful responsibility. Will they not say to us—
Do you expect us to obey your laws, made to gov-
ern us, if you disregard those made for the govern-
ment of yourselves? In entering upon this grave
question, it may be of some aid to us m forming
our opinion upon it, to state in what we agree, as
well ,ts m what we disagree. And first of all, we all
agree that,, in the absence of any law of Congiess
on this subject, the State legislatures have delegated
to them, by this clause in the constitution, a plenaiy
and absolute power to regulate, for themselves re-
spectively, the whole subject of choosing their mem-
bers to this House, and to prescribe the times,
places, and manner of holding their elections, in the
mode they may deem to be proper and expedient.
"VVe also concur in the opinion that the same
clause of the constitution delegates to Congress
a like plenary and absolute power to make reg-
ulations for this whole subject, or to alter those
which the States, or any of them, may have
made. We all admit that the power of Congress
over this subject is supervisory over, and para-
mount to, that of the State legislatures; and, as a
consequence from this last postulate, it must be con-
ceded by all, that when a law of Congress and an
act of any State legislature come in conflict with
cach other, the law of the State is annulled and put
aside to the extent of such conflict, and no fuither.
We all concur in the opinion that, until Con-
gress do act upon this subject, this clause of the
constitution makes it the mandatory or bounden
duty of the State legislatures to regulate the
times, places, and manner of holding elections for
members of Congress, while the duty of Congress
over the same subject is discretionary, to be exer-
cised at any time, or not, according to its own sense
of what is necessary, proper, and expedient. The
language of this clause being as follows:
The times, places, and manner of holding "elections for
senators and representatives, shall be prescribed in each
State by the legislature thereof; but the Congress may at
any time, by law, make or alter such regulations, except as
to the places of choosiug senators.
That a State law must give way to a law of Con-
gress, as above stated, follows as a clear deduction
from the above recited clause, as well as from that
further provision of the constitution of the United
States which declares that the laws of the United
States, made in pursuance to the constitution, "shall
be the supreme law of the land, anything in the
constitution or laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding." It is further conceded on all sides,
that, if Congress had gone on to lay off the dis-
tricts, and provide the means of carrying the elec-
tions of members into effect, then, and in that case,
the provision (the validity of which is now dis-
puted) would have been binding, and paramount to
any State law prescribing a different mode of elec-
tion.
Mr. Douglass (who was the author of the report
of the majority of the Committee of Elections) here
corrected Mr. Vinton, and said that no opinion had
been expressed by the majority of the committee on
that subject, and that he did not admit the correct-
ness of that position.
Mr. Vinton submitted that it was the certain and
inevitable inference from the report itself; and lead,
in proof of it, a passage from the summing up and
concluding arguments of the report in these words:
Congiess maj prescribe the times, the places, the man-
ner, nr pither ot them, m its discretion^ but jf it attempts to
control the time, it must designate the day by law; and so
with each othei branch of the sub|ect. We concede to
Congress the right to provide by law for the election of
members of Congress in eacli State in the Union on arre-
tain day to be named m the act, without prescribing the
places oi manner of ejection. The power to designate the
places or tile manner, without specif} nig the time, is equally
clear; but whenever Congress assumes the power over one
branch of the subject, its legislation must lie complete to
that extent,so as to oxccnte itself, without the. inteivolition
of the State legislatuies, and the residue must he left to the
States, to be exercised according to their diseietion under
the constitution So much of the power as shall not tie em-
braced m the legislation of Congress, the constitution makes
it the impeiative duty of the States to cany into eflect.
Mr. Vinton said it was the necessary inference
from what the committer here say, that if Congress
had gone on and made the districts in the several
States, and provided for the complete execution of
the law without the intervention of State legislation,
the act would have been, in their opinion, valid.
Mr. Douglass conceded (he said) that Congress
might exercise one branch of the power without go-
ing into another. But, lie said, the icport. expressed
no opinion as to whether the term "manner" included
the right to district.
Mr. Vinton said the report no wheie contained
an intimation that this clause of the constitution did
not embrace the light to district, as a part of the
manner of electing. If the power to lay off dis-
tricts was not embraced in this clause of the consti-
tution, then the power was no where conferred,
either upon the States or upon Congress, and ac-
cording to that the States electing by single distiiets
had always been going on and acting without law
or authority.
Mr. Douglass hero explained, and said that dis-
tricts might be considered as coming under the head
of the qualifications of the electors.
Mr. Vinton said that was quite a new idea to
him, but he would not now stop to argue that mat-
ter with the gentleman. He thought, before he sat
down, he would satisfy him that the clause of the
constitution now under consideration did give the
power to Congress, and to the State legislatures
also, to lay off the States into such districts as they
pleased. If any one doubted the validity of the act,
m case Congress had gone on to perfect the law by
laying off the districts, he trusted some gentleman
on the other side of the House, entertaining such
doubt, would favor us with his reasons, and under-
take to prove it to be invalid. Congress had passed
a law dir5cting uniform districts throughout the
United States. It made no provision for the forma-
tion of them. It did not say who should make
them—whether it should be done by the States or
by Congress at a future time. On this subject the
law is wholly silent, and properly so; because the
constitution directs the State legislatures to go on
and make the districts; unless, indeed, what is con-
tended on the other side be true, that. Congress, by
acting on this subject in part, has taken it wholly
out of the hands of the States, and deprived them
of all power over it.
The conclusion that this law of Congress was an
invalid act, was deduced from, and made to hinge
solely and exclusively on one single proposition,
viz: That, if Congress undertook to exercise any
power under this clause of the constitution, to legis-
late on anyone branch, either as to time, place, or
manner, it must make its legislation so perfect that
the law would execute itself without the aid of any
State legislation. This was the fundamental propo-
sition of the report of the majority of the Commit-
tee of Elections, as laid down in the extract he had
already read.
Mr. Douglas here remarked with this qualifi-
cation, that Congress, to the extent to which it as-
sumes to act, must make its legislation complete, so
that State legislation shall not - be necessary on that
one point.
Mr. V. resumed. That'was exactly what he had
said. Why was this? When gentlemen undertook
to overturn a solemn law of the land—a law that
had received the deliberate sanction of all the de-
partments of the law-making power—one would ex-
pect them to present their authority for it, either by
basing it on some self-evident proposition, or, if not
self-evident, by showing clearly and satisfactorily
the grounds on which the proposition rested. The
duty and the burden of doing this rested on those
who assumed the proposition. No man would un-
dertake to say that this was a self-evident proposi-
tion. And it had struck his mind as a remarkable
thing, in listening to this debate, that a prop-
osition, fraught with such momentous conse-
quences, which every gentleman on the other
side, following after the report of the com-
mittee, had caught us as his lever to overturn
the law, had been assumed not only without proof,
but without so much as an attempt to assign any
reason whatever for it. Gentlemen cannot have for-
gotten that it is their duty to do this: and if they
have left it undone, we have a right to infer it has
been omitted from a conviction that the difficulty of
doing it is insuperable. When a propipsition is ad-
vanced as the basis on which to repudiate a solemn
law—when so much depends on its truth—when a
conclusion so great, so serious, so deep and so wide
in its consequences, is to be drawn from it—it be-
come important, indeed, that we give to it a solemn,
thorough and searching investigation, before we
yield our assent to it. He said he proposed to sift
this proposition; and, if it would not stand the test,
then, with it, all the argument we have yet heard
from the other side must fall to the ground. But
how did the Committee of Elections arrive at this
proposition? By analogy. By presenting two sup-
posed cases, as analogies t.o the question now m
hand, and deducing their proposition from these
suppositions. When a proposition was to be found-
ed on analogy, it was very necessary we should sat-
isfy ourselves that the analogies were perfect; that
there was no material element in them not akin to
the thing which they are intended to illustrate; be-
cause, if they were not perfect and akin, every body
knew that nothing was so fallacious as that species
of deduction. The Committe of Elections lay their
pi mcipal stress on a supposed case as the founda-
tion of their proposition, to wit: They suppose Con-
gress should pass a law, simply declaring in gene-
ral term,*, that the elections throughout the United
States should be held on one day, omitting to name
any day.
From this supposed statute, the committee draw
two deductions; 1st, that the States would not be
bound to pass laws fixing the day; and 2d, that, in-
asmuch as this law would be imperfcct, and could
not be executed without further legislation,
therefore such a law would be invalid. To the first
deduction he gave his assent: from'the second he
totally dissented. And why, in the case supposed,
woulcl not the Stale legislatures be bound to go on
and fix the day? The reason is obvious. It is be-
cause it would be impracticable for them to do it.
Here is the same day to be fixed by twenty-six dif-
ferent legislatures—each independent of the other.
No one possessing power to pass a law having any
validity beyond its own jurisdiction. No one, from
the very nature of the case, could take the initiatory
step in legislation. Indeed, he said, these weie the
very reasons given by the committee, who say ex-
pressly and truly, it would be impracticable for th$
