CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
of so many persons, could be adequately rewarded
by a salary of $500? Many of those persons were
ignorant, some stupid, and not a few like children—
led about; all requiring attention and kind consider-
ation; so that there was no estimating the- time ana
trouble that had to be bestowed upon them. He did
not think even J] ,500 salary would be more than
sufficient for the duty required at such an agency as
that of Nashville.
Mr. BATES asked the pending amendment (that
submitted by the senator from Ohio, Mr. Allen)
to be read. It was read, as follows:
Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
extend to any pension agent who may be, or who
may become, an officer, agent, or attorney for, or a
director or stockholder in, any bank or corporation
having banking powers, or to any bank or corpora-
tion having banking powers, which may be, or may
become, such pension agent.
Mr. BATES observed that it seemed to him the
amendment was not necessary even to attain the ob-
ject the senator who moved it had in view; for, as
the bill stood, without that amendment, the Secreta-
ry of War would not make any compensation to
banks acting as agents, when he considered the use
of the government money afforded them sufficient
compensation.
' Mr. ALLEN remarked that, as the banks never
had received any direct compensation for acting as
pension agents, they would not be worse off than be-
fore, should the amendment be adopted. Now,
there was a great difference between banks and in-
dividuals acting as agents. It is the business of
banks to pay out money, and they keep their clerks
and tellers for that purpose; therefore, afewadditional
payments made daily by those officers added very
little to their labor; but an individual acting as pen-
sion agent would be differently circumstanced. It
might be a very great inconvenience and detriment
to the business of an individual to leave his own
affairs, and attend to an office exclusively set apart
for paying pensioners. The banks already transact
the business for the use of the money, without
other compensation. They would not be worse off,
should the amendment prevail. If it did not pre-
vail, they would have not only their gains by the
use of the money, but the full salary allowed by the
bill. His object was to prevent this.
Mr. SIMMONS inquired if the amendment would
not render the stockholders of any bank, and the
counsel employed by any bank, ineligible to act as
pension agent?
Mr. ALLEN replied that if the amendment was
adopted, no bank could be employed as pen-
sion agent at a salary, not could any officer of a
bank, or stockholder. But banks might be made
agents, as they are now, without other compensation
than that which they derived from the use of the
public money placed with them on deposite to pay
pensions.
Mr. SIMMONS suggested that it might so hap-
pen that all agent appointed in Ohio to pay the
pensioners in that State, would turn out to be a
stockholder m some bank in New York; and al-
though there was no bank in Ohio which could be
influenced or benefited by his agency, he would
be ineligible to hold the office if this amendment pre-
vailed.
Mr. ALLEN remaiked that the object was to
out off the possibility of banks resorting to any in-
direct means of obtaining the salary in addition to
their present emoluments from the use of the money.
If the proviso were not so worded as to exclude
stockholders, a bank might say, We will cause one
of our stockholders to be appointed pension agent,
and then we will have both the salary and
the money on deposite. Now, he wanted the banks
to be left just as they are now—with no other com-
pensation than what they have for acting as pension
agents. It has proved a profitable business to them,
or they would not be so anxious to have depositee,
of the public money. The senator seemed to think
no one could be a respectable man that was not a
stockholder in some bank. He could tell the sen-
ator public sentiment was much changed about
banks, and that change would continue still more
to their disadvantage, till it would be no longer re-
spectable for any man to have anything to do with
  such institutions.
Mr. SIMMONS did not say that no man could
be respectable that was not a stockholder in a bank;
what he did say was, that a stockholder in a bank
might be a most respectable person, well qualified
to act as pension agent; and that he ought not to be
excluded from such an appointment merely on ac-
count of his holding stock in a bank. He trusted
the amendment would not prevail.
Mr. ALLEN contended that the amendment
would leave the relation between the government
and the banks just as it was before. He did not
mean to say that every man connected with banks
should be disqualified; "but that the banks themselves
should not be allowed by any contrivance to increase
the emoluments they, already derive by acting as
pension agents.
Mr. SIMMONS observed that the senator was
right as to the banks being left on the same footing
which they stand upon at present. Bui his amend-
ment precludes the selection of any man who is a
stockholder in a bank, even when his agency would
be far removed from any connexion with a bank.
Mr. DAYTON asked if he understood the senator
from New Hampshire to say that nine-tenths of the
business of pension agencies had been carried on by
banks? If so, by adopting this amendment, the whole
system of the government, in thai respect, would be
upset; and some entirely new arrangement would
have to be adopted. But he really did not see that
the object of the senator from Ohio would at last be
accomplished. A bank desiring the deposite would
have but to say, let such a person be appointed
agent, and he will make the deposite here, and every-
thing will go on as before.
Mr. WOODRURY replied, that heretofore there
had been such a competition between banks to be-
come pension agents, that nine-tenths of the business
fell into their hands. He did not understand the
amendment as intended to prevent the arrangement
being continued when preferred by the Secretary of
War. Its object was only to prevent banks getting
the benefit of this bill in addition to that which they
already derived from the use of the money.
Mr. BATES said he had been informed by
the Commissioner of Pensions that, at times, he
experienced extreme difficulty in obtaining agents
to make the necessary payments to pensioners.
Several communications had been addressed to the
Senate from persons acting as pension agents, and
also from others, pointing out the inconveniences ex-
perienced by pensioners in different sections of the
country for want of government agents to transact
business with pensioners.
Mr. WOODBURY inquired if those communi-
cations came from presidents of banks.
Mr. BATES had not inquired. He asked the
senator from New Hampshiie, how long before the
money had to be paid to the' pensioners, were the }
deposites left in the hands of the banks when they
formed nine-tenths of the agencies employed?
Mr. WOODBURY replied that the Treasury De-
partment remitted the money upon the requisition of
the Secretary of War. It was lie who made the ar-
rangements with the banks.
Mr. BATES asked, was it not within the senator's
knowledge in some way or other, how long the
banks usually had the use of the money?
Mr. WOODBURY replied that upon occasions,
when he was in the office of Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in which it happened that it was inconvenient
to take so much from the treasury, he had spoken
with the Secretary of War on the subject, and
learned that, by the arrangement with some of the
banks, the remittance of money was to be made six
months before the payment was required. In some
instances, the deposites were made subject to the
order of the treasury, and sometimes to the credit of
the agency.
Mr. BAGBY said he was in favor of the amend-
ment, but was not quite clear that it did not go too
far in excluding stockholders. He should there-
fore move to strike out the word "stockholders."
Mr. BAYARD inquired if the bill, without
any amendment, did not leave it discretionary
with the Secretary of War to employ banks
as agents; and if he did, to decide whether the use
of the money deposited with them gave compensa-
tion enough or not? If the use of a large sum of
money was considered by him as sufficient compen-
sation, he would, as a matter of course, not make
any further allowance. If the sum was only small,
and the use of it not sufficient compensation, he
could estimate how far it did compensate; and, if
moie allowance was necessary, he had the discre-
tion to make it. There could be no necessity,
therefore, for the amendment.
Mr. BUCHANAN wished to know from the
senator from Rhode Island, who paid the $800 a
year to the person acting as pension agent in that
State; because, if the Secretary of War «&d au-
thority to appoint and pay an agent, then there
could be no occasion for this bill at all.
Mr. SIMMONS replied, that when the bank
then had government deposites, which made ,the
agency of some consequence, they appointed this
person, at a salary of $800, to transact the agency;
but even after, when it was a loss to them, they con-
tinued the agency at that salary.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that there were sev-
eral cases in which the agency had been so contin-
ued after the government deposites were withdrawn.
If no banks could be found to transact the agency
as heretofore, or it was necessary to pay them in
order to get the business done, he would be willing
to go dgainst the amendment; but he believed the
competition of the banks would leave the same op-
portunity of employing them as heretofore; and
that the amendment should therefore prevail, to ef-
fect the object which the senator from Ohio had in
view.
Mr. SIMMONS remarked that the bank in Rhode
Island complained that it could no longer be at the
expense of |800 to keep up the pension agency.
Mr. BUCHANAN considered the whole question
in a nut-shell All seemed to be willing to employ
individual agents, and pay them for their services.
No one seemed desirous of paying banks, which,
by deposites, make far more money than the sala-
ries allowed by the bill. Now, there was one thing
certain, that, if the bill was passed, any bank acting
as agent would, in addition to the emoluments
from deposites, receive the $1,000 salary. He was
not less disposed than the Senator from Delaware
to give his cofidence to the present Secretary of
War; but did any body ever hear of a discretionary
power being given by an act of Congress to go up
to a certain salary, that it was not acted upon to
the full extent' He cited the case of the diplo-
matic salaries, which it was said 3hould not each
exceed |9,000 for the first class, and $9,000 outfit;
but did any one ever hear of any minister being
paid only $8,000, or even $8,999? The effect of the
bill would be to pay the utmost salary which it al-
lowed, in all instances, to banks as well as to indi-
viduals employed as pension agents.
Mr. BATES remarked that the compensation
cannot exceed 2 per ccnt. on the funds disbursed;
but if the per centage g9es beyond the sum named
as salary, the compensation is to stop at that sum.
Mr. BUCHANAN understood that. But to the
banks, 2 per cent, would go far beyond $1,000.
Whatsoever extent of allowance the bill permits,
that will be the minimum allowance. Once the au-
thority is given, the banks can easily refuse to take
the agency, unless they are made the full compen-
sation authorized by the bill.
Mr. WOODBURY explained a difference (as to
the mode of ascertaining the nufaber of pensioners
in each State) between him and the senator from
Delaware; showing that the actual number was best
known by the payments made.
Mr. TAPPAN called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
Mr. FOSTER inquired of the Chair what was the
then condition of the bill.
The CHAIR replied that it was m committee of
the whole for amendment; the question pending be-
ing on the amendment of the senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Bagby,] tn strike out the word "stockholder"
from the amendment offered by the senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Allen.]
As Mr. Tappan's call for the yeas and nays was
not intended to apply to the amendment to the
amendment, the question was taken on Mr. Bagby's
motion to strike out the°woid "stockholders,1 and it
was carried in the affirmative. _
The question then recurring on Mr. Allen s
amendment as amended, the yeas and nays weie or-
dcredj and resulted—yeas 15, nays 15. feo the
amendment was rejected.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bnghy, Ben-
ton Iireese, Buchanan, Fairfield, Hanncgan. Haywood, King,
Seu'mle, Tappan, Woodbury and Wiight-15.
N A.YS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayarrt, Choate,
Clayton, Dayton, Evans, Foster. Francis, Huntington, Man-
gum, Miller, Simmons, and White—IS.
Mr. HAYWOOD now renewed his motion to
strike out $1,000 and insert $500 salary.
Mr. ATCHISON called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Haywood's
motion, and resulted in the negative—yeas 14, nays
16.
(YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton,
Breese, Buchanan, Fairfield, Hannegan, Haywood, King,
fcemple, Tappan, Woodbury, and Wright—14.
