Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SIS
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Rogers.
H. of Reps.
make the districts, and that the States can do noth-
ing in aid of the execution of the act of Congress-
is in derogation of the power of the States; it
wrests from them a power of the greatest impor-
tance—the regulating and carrying on the elections,
in which the people feel the deepest concern—and
throws over into the hands of the general gov-
ernment ail almost infinite amount of power and
patronage. Do getlemen really intend to add
to the power, the patronage, and influence of
the federal government at the expense of the
State governments? Are they in favor of such
a construction? Mr. Vinton said he was for-
that construction which was most favorable to the
States. He did not wish to see Congress making
districts, and sending federal officers all over the
country to superintend the people at the ballot-
boxes. Was there any necessity for such a con-
struction' Was it convenient, or would it be satis-
factory lo the people? That there was no necessity
for this construction, is proved by the fact that most
of the States have gone on and made the single dis-
tricts according to the law of Ofcngress. Cannot
the States make theii own congressional districts
better than it can be done here? Would not the
people prefer to do their voting under the superin-
tendence of their own State officers, as they always
have done, rather than under federal officers? Will
not the old mode of voting under the care of the
State officers be most satisfactory to the people, as
well as lebs expensive' To all these questions, and
many more of like character that might be put, there
can be but one answer. And what advantage would
result from throwing this whole business into the
hands of the federal government? He said he had
heard none pointed out or attempted to be shown.
Bui \\c are met with the answer to all this, that if
Congress undertake to do a piece of work, it must
do the whole of it—that the States have no power
to finish any part of what Congress has begun.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is not a plough-boy
in the country that would not dispute this
proposition with you, and put you down upon it.
Suppose, sir, a farmer's boy were to begin to plough
a field, and go away at night leaving apart undone,
 nd the next morning another lad were to come to
finish the work, and you were to meet him at the
gate, and tell him that"he must not go in there, that
it was a gieat law m ploughing that whoever began
to plough d field, lie, and he alone, could finish that
particular field; that, if he did not do it, the work
must remain forever undone; that no one else could
touch it or finish it. .Now, sir, what do you think
this plough-boy would do! Why, sir, he would
drive into the field in spite of your law and logic,
and tell you that he couldn't be humbugged in that
way.
IS'ow, Mr. Speaker, it is just as easy for the
States to begin where Congress left oft, and go on
and lay out the districts, as it would be for one
plough-boy to begin where the other left oil'. But
it is'asserted, in the face of this plain state of the
fact, that the State have no right to go on and finish
what Confess began, and left for them to finish.
And it is further asserted, that, as the law cannot be
carried into eilect without the districts are made,
therefoie what has been done by Cjngress is un-
constitutional, inoperative, and void.
And h«re Mr. Vinton said he would give notice
that he should eall for a division of the question,
so as to get u distinct vote on that part of the reso
lution reported by the committee, which declares
this act'of Congress to be unconstitutional. He
wanted to see if the House would come up to that
question. The law might be inoperative or void
for other reasons, but unconstiiotional it cer-
tainly was not. But, said Mr. V. let us look a
little'into this assumption, that because this law is
iiYioeriect, because it cannot be carried into execu-
tion without further legislation, therefore it is
void. What judge ever decided, what lawyer ever
heaici or read of such a doctrine? If a law be im-
perfect, it is a good reason why it should be
amended. But, he repeated, that the idea that, be-
cause a statute required further legislation to carry it
into execution, it was therefore void, was a doctrine
that never was heard of before.
Mr. V. said, by way of testing it, he would sup-
pose the law of primogeniture to be still in force in
this District, and Congress were to pass a law in
these words, viz, "that henceforth the estate of intes-
tates should descend to the issue of the intestate,
lawfully begotten, share and share alike." Now,
sir. a law couched in these words would contain no
nrovision for its execution; and will any one say it
would be less a law on that account, or because
there might not be in the District such a thing as a
court, or a practice act, to carry it into effect? Again,
he said, he would suppose that Congress were now,
at this session, to pass an act declaring "that hence-
forth the revenues of the United States should be
exclusively derived from a capitation tax, to be as-
sessed on the people according to the last census of
the United States:" such a law could not be exe-
cuted without further legislation fixing the amount
amount to be assessed on each person, and pro-
viding for the assessment and collection by officers
appointed for the purpose. And yet, if Congress
were to adjourn without passing these supplemental
laws, what' would this law do? It would repeal your
laws laying duties on imports; it would stop the sale
of your public lands, and lay the government by
the heels. You may say that you cannot imagine
suck wickedness. True, it would be acting very
bad; almost as wicked as it is for us to trample
down this law, with this difference, that, in that case
we should not violate the constitution or our oath of
office.
Mr. Vinton said he would further imagine that,
after this law was passed, the President should di-
rect the collector of the port of New York to go on
and collect duties on imported goods, and his collector
were sued, as he surely would be, and brought into
the Supreme Court of the United States, and were
there to defend himself under the plea that the capi-
tation act was imperfect; that it could not be execu-
ted without further legislation; that, therefore, it was
unconstitutional, inoperative, and void. How long,
Mr. Speaker, do you think that plea would stand
the test in that court' The truth was, said Mr. V.,
that the mode adopted by Congress, in making the
law in question, was no unusual thing in legisla-
tion. Indeed, in well-digested codes of law, it was
usual to find the great rules and principles for the
security and preservation of life, liberty, and prop-
erty, embodied by themselves in the most general
and comprehensive form; while those laws which
piovide for their administration and execution are
found in other and appropriate parts of their code.
It often happens that these administrative laws are
imperfect, rendering it necessary to pass statute
after statute, all having for their object to carry into
effect some great principle; and all these laws,
taken together, are regarded as one law, no mat-
ter what the distance of time intervening be-
tween the enactment of the several statutes.
The plain result, then, of the whole argument
is this, that the act of Congress, as the supreme and
supervisory law, repealed so much and no more of
the State laws, regulating elections, as came in con-
flict with it. While at the same time, as it .should
and ought to have done, it left to the States the
business of making the districts to suit themselves,
which the constitution makes it then' bounden duty
to go on and do. In all those States which then
had, or now have, the single district system, it is
what in law is denominated a restraining act, and,
as such, operative upon them. And, indeed, (said
Mr. V.,) if, when tins act was passed, every State
in the Union had had the single distiict-system in
force, it would still, in his opinion, have been a very
proper restraining law to prevent any one State
from breaking in upon this uniformity. How is it
possible, m this view of the matter, to vote that part
of the committee's resolution which declares this act
to be inoperative? It is, past ail controversy, a con-
stitutional, valid, and operative law. Four States
have omitted to discharge the duty required of them
by the constitution. What then is to be done?
It is an implied and moral duty of every govern-
ment to see that its laws are executed. By the
omission of these States to act, the case has arisen
(which was anticipated and mentioned m the con-
vention which formed the constitution) when it has
become the duty of Congress to act. Congress can
pursue either of two courses; it can repeal the act
m question, or it can do that which it has now be-
come its duty—go on and lay off the districts, and
provide for the elections in those States. But it
cannot be repudiate1), trodden down and trampled
upon; if it be, it will still be a law, and will surely
rise up in judgment against you.
The majority in this House cannot seriously doubt
the constitutionality and validity of this act of Con-
gress. They are now forced to decide whether
they will uphold the law and the constitution, or
make a sacrifice of both on the altar of party.
Knowing that the decision of this question either
way could not affect that majority, or its power
over the House, he had; before coming here, suf-
fered himself to indulge the belief that the law and
the constitution would be vindicated and upheld;
that, where there was nothing to lose,1 the love of
the constitution and of the law would prevail over
the love of party; but it was now but 'too evident
that the power of party was too strong for the au-
thority of the law. He would, notwithstanding,
invoke gentlemen to pause before they act; to pon-
der and reflect upon the consequences of what they
are about to do; to remember that the law is the
birthright of the people of this country;" that by it,
and it alone, they hold and enjoy all that is dear to
them—their lives, their liberty, and their property;
that it is the shield of the poor against pppression,
and of the rich against violence and plunder; that,
in this country, and under a government like ours,
the law is the last refuge, friend, and protector of
all; that the American people have no other guaran-
ty but in a sacred regard for the law, and a willing
obedience to its commands for life, liberty, proper-
ty, religion, public order, and, above all, for that
sense of security and safety without which all these,
except religion, are valueless; and without it even
religion itself may be trodden down. In some coup-
tries all these seek shelter and' protection under the
sword in the hands of despotism, while all are at its
mercy. It is the law that has made us, as a people, all
that we are; and upon it depends the accomplish-
ment ofthat glorious destiny which is before us. It
is to the law or to the sword that all nations must
look for protection; and as you weaken the law you
strengthen the power of the sword. It has ever
been our proudest boast that ours is a land of free-
dom, because it is a land of law. What was it that,
throughout all Christendom, gave character, credit,
confidence, honor, and respect to the American
name and the American people? It was because the
world believed us to be a law-loving, law-abiding,
and law-obeying people; and it is because a portion,
and a very small portion, of the States of this Union,
have set the example of repudiating their laws, that,
the world has lost confidence in us all; and, from
the very pinnacle of honor, we find ourselves as a
people suddenly cast down to the lowest depths of
disgrace throughout the civilized world. It is for
this that the American citizen is shunned and sus-
pected wherever he goes. As yet the American
Congress is free from the taint and the reproach of
repudiation. But the vigilant eye of the world,
whose scrutiny we have awakened, is fixed upon
us. It will mark well what we do on a question of
such magnitude and moment as this. The honor of
the nation is now in our hands, and hangs on our
decision.
Mr. Speaker, many reproachful tilings have been
said of the party that now has the majority in this
House. They have been called repudiators,
leiellers, dcstructiomsts, disorganize™, the jaco-
bin party of 1789. A golden opportunity is
now presented for you to vindicate yourselves
from all these reproaches; to put youi selves in
the front rank of those who love the law, and
uphold the constitution. You have tlfe precious
opportunity to do all this without impairing your
power or your majority in this House. Will you
not, then, do it for 'the sake of your party, and still
more for the sake of the country, as the guardians
of its libei ty at home, and of its character, its hon-
or, and its fame abroad? But if you will repudiate
the law, and trample the constitution underfoot,
you have the power to do it, and we have not the
power to prevent you. But we can and we will ap-
peal to an honest and indignant people, who will
shortly bring you to trial—who will, for themselves
and for their country's sake, vindicate the law, up-
hold the constitution, retrieve the character, the
honor, and the name of the nation, by pronouncing
iudement of repudiation against you for this guilty
deed.
SPEECH OF MR. CHARLES ROGERS,
OF NEW YORK,
hi the House of Representatives, February 23, 1844—
On the right of petition.
The pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Dromgoole to recommit the report of the Select
Committee on the Rules, with instructions, pro-
posed by Mr. Black, of Georgia, to restore the 21st
rule—
Mr. ROGERS rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose, with all sincerity and
frankness, to give my views to the House on this
subject. There is no question which has excited
more interest at the North, and particularly among
