316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Rogers.
H. of Reps.
mjr constituents, than this very one of the right of
petition. The 21st rule, from its first adoption, has
found no favor with us of New York. Why, sir,
you may travel through the whole length and
breadth of the State, and you will hardly find one
man in ten who will attempt to justify it. Deep and
sincere is the opposition to it, and for good and suffi-
cient cause. When the incipient efforts were made
here to abridge the right of petition, the abolition
party, as such, was hardly known among us. There
were, to be sure, scattered abolitionists, and abortive
efforts were occasionally made to mould the raw
materials of abolitionism into something like politi-
cal organization. Indeed, the .question of political
action was long mooted and undecided by them;
there was great variety and difference of opinion on
that subject, until the adoption of this rule, or some
of its kindred measures of restriction, when, imme-
diately seizing alid occupying the vantage ground
thus furnished, they commenced a regular political
movement, and inscribed on their banners—Liberty,
and the Right of Petition : a conjunction of terms,
Mr. Speaker, well calculated to touch the popular
mind, and stir the wide ocean of popular sentiment
to its lowest depths. What has been the result'
Look at New York, where, a few years ago, they
scarcely had an array of political strength of suffi-
cient amount to be considered respectable even
among the scatterings. So in Massachusetts; so in
Connecticut; so in Vermont; so in Ohio'. How is it
now? They hold the balance of power in all these
States; and, from a scattered, disjointed and frag-
mentary condition, they have arrived to a position
where power and influence beget respect. And I
have sometimes thought that 1 have noticed, even
on the part of the dsmocracy, since abolitionism
has arisen from her low estate, a disposition now
and then, when hard pressed, to woo and win her.
Now, sir, I am of the opinion—honestly and sin-
cerely of the opinion—that the very aliment of sub-
sistence, that the very life-blood which lias given
vitality and vigor to this party, have been drawn
from this celebrated 21st rule. There is a principle
deeply planted in the human heart, as old as human
nature itself, that revolts at persecution and oppres-
sion, and gathers strength from opposition. The
very worm will turn on the foot that spurns it, and
man, with all his glorious faculties and capabilities,—
can he do less, will he do less, than the worm that
licks the dust.' The history of the world shows that
no cause, honestly entertained and supported, was
ever demolished by such weapons; on the contrary,
such warfare has always led the oppressed to ulti-
mate and complete triumph. The blood of the mar-
tyrs was the seed of the church, and from the dun-
geon, (he scud'old, and the stake, that precious seed
lias gone forth "on the wings of mighty winds"
to all coincis of the woild. The foot-prints of
Christianity arc lovely on the mountain top, and
gladden the valleys; for they mark with unerring
i rrtainty all round the globe, in lines of light, the
march of mind and the extent of civilization.
To what else, sir, than the principle I am
f-peakmg ol", (hi we owe that splendid concep-
tion ot the genius of Wier that now orna-
ments and adorns your rotundo?' It was this that
gave to the world the story, the moral, and the po-
etry of the Mayflower, and of the rock of Ply-
mouth. To what but this do we owe our levolu-
tionary struggle, and our separate independent exist-
ence as a nation' Theie weie, to be sure, giants in
thoi-c days—intellectual giants; but it needed the op-
picvskm and despotism of the mother country to
aiousc their slumbering eneigirs, and explore all the
hidden depths of (heir nature. Then it was- they
sprang, like Minerva fully aimed, from the fore-
head of the ic\ olution, disciplined and prepared for
the mighty conflict; and thiough that long spasm
of "agony pure"—of unequalled suffering, and of
unequalled renown—their course was upward and
onward, to a merited and world-conceded immor-
tality. The country never saw before, it has nevei
seen since, it will nevei see again, anything of mor-
tal mould to compare with the men of the revolution.
Take that Congress which gave to the world the
declaration of independence, and 1 challenge the an-
nals of mankind—all of ancient and modern story—
to produce a deliberative body that ever contained an
equal amount of the moral and intellectual greatness
which distinguished that illustrious Congress. It
occupies the records of history without a parallel.
It stands like a beacon-light on some mighty
headland, to guide, instruct, and awe the world.
'The picture of the embarkation of the Pilgrim Fathers
Now, sir, I do not propose to compare abolition-
ism with the cause of the revolution, or its advocates
with the men of the revolution; but I do say, that
human nature is essentially- the same in every age
and country, and that similar causes are apt produce
similar effects; and that despotism and oppression
here, can never palsy the popular will, but must
always strengthen, invigorate, and consecrate it.
Let us look at this subject in a plain, practical, and
common-sense manner. What do we mean by the
right of petition? We mean the right to ask, to
solicit, to pray for a redress of grievances from a
power capable of affording it; the right to approach
the constituted authorities of the country, and ask,
in a peaceable, orderly, and constitutional manner,
to be relieved from injustice, wrong, and evils that
are too grievous to be borne.
Well, what is the 21st rule? It is as follows:
'''No petition, memorial, resolution, or other paper, pray-
ing tlie abolition of slavery in the Distiict of Columbia, or
any State or Territory, or the slave trade between the
States or Territories of the United States in which it now
exists, shall be received by this House, or entertained m
any way whatever."
Is there any man here who supposes that he can
make the people believe that this rule is harmless,
and contains no abridgement, no infringement of the
right of petition? I undertake to say that I know,-
and am thoroughly acquainted with public opinion
in my quarter of the country. I know the people
well, for I am.one of them, and when at home, my
daily intercourse is with -the farmer, the mechanic,
and the sons of honest labor; and I have found many
a farmer at his plough-tail, and mechanic in his
workshop, whose intelligence and intellect would do
no discredit to this hall. Whatdo such men think?
What do the masses think, and say, and require, in
relation to this rule? They think and say it is a vio-
lation of the right of petition, in the worst spirit of
despotism; and they demand its utter and entire
abrogation. And there is 110 magician in this land
potent enough to lay the perturbed spirit of abolition-
ism until that is done.
Sonic gentlemen, with very great acuteness of
mind and of logic, have undertaken to show that
the right of petition is not violated in the least,
because a member is permitted to rise in his place
and state briefly the contents of a petition. Then,
say tliey, the right of petition is at an end—it has
performed its function, and accomplished its office,
and has expired—and the law-making power imme-
diately commences its province, and thus legislation
is legitimately carried out. This abstraction is too
refined and intangible for the comprehension of the
people—the very subtlety of the thing is the death
of it. It is easy enough to obscure, to perplex, and
confuse an argument, and drive it out beyond sound-
ings; but it requires a sound intellect, and the staple
of common sense, to make a convincing one. I
have no hesitation in saying that the best dialecti-
tian m this House cannot make this particular one
plain, or even comprehensible. ] t is a transcenden-
talism that would figure well in the metaphysics of
Germany, or in the mystic elaborations of the mind
of Thomas Carlyle; but it is utteily thrown away
on the popular mmd, for it is unworthy of it.
The question has been frequently asked, What
shall be done with these petitions' I answer, re-
ceive them, refer them, consider them, p.nd report
Upon them; the very idea of petition necessarily im-
plies audience and consideration; and if you can as-
sign any good reason for refusing the prayer of
them, that will have more influence in allaying the
abolition excitement than all the barriers that in-
vents e despotism ever erected in the path of free
inquiry.
Tl . only aigument that I have heard, which has
any plausibility m it for the rejection of petition, is
this—that when the prayer of a petition is plainly
and palpably, on the face of it, unconstitutional, then
it is our duty to reject it, without reception—for,
reception and consideration could add nothing to
our convictions on the subject; as, for example, when
a petition asked for the establishment of a national
church, or an order of nobility, or a regal government.
Without expressing any opinion on this point, I deny
its applicability to the matter under discussion. These
petitions under consideration lelate mainly to the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
which I affirm to be clearly within the constitutional
competency of Congress. And to this point I will
now direct my attention, and invite the candid con-
sideration of the House.
The grant of power on this subject is contained
in section 8 of the constitution, anil is as follows;
The Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive le-
gislation in all cases whatsoever over such district (not ex-
ceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular
States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of
the government of the United States.
Can there be a more comprehensive grant of
power? In all cases whatsoever! It is without re-
striction or limitation, and the.English language can
embody nothing rfiore complete - and absolute. So
thought the framers of the constitution, and there is
no safer method to arrive at a correct understanding
of that instrument, than by taking the contempora-
neous and concurrent testimony of its authors, and
of the early interpretation stamped upon it by the
first and best men of the country, when submitted to
their consideration for adoption.
Mr. Madison, speaking in No. 43 of the Federal-
ist of this particular grant of power, says:
The indispensable necessity of complete authority at the
seat of government, carries its own evidence with it. It is a
power exercised by every legislature of the Union, and I
might say of the world, by virtue of its general supremacy.
The debates in the Virginia convention of 1788,
called for the purpose of deliberating of the constitu-
tion, are instructive on this subject. The clause
under consideration was admitted on all hands to
contain an exclusive and untrammeled grant of pow-
er. Mr. George Mason, a distinguished member of
the convention, thought—
There were few clauses in the constitution so dangeious
as that which gave Congress exclusive power of legislation
within ten miles square. Implication, (he observed,) was
capable of any extension, and would probably be extended
to augment the congiessional poweis. But here there
was no need of indication. This clause gave them an
unlimited authority, in every possible case, within that dis-
trict.
The celebrated Patrick Henry speaks of this
clause as giving "unlimited powers," unbounded
powers," "illimitable authority," &e. '
Mr. Madison, in reply to Mr. Henry, asks:
Was there ever a legislature in existence that held their
sessions at a place where they had not jurisdiction '
And goes on generally to maintain the importance
and necessity of this grant of exclusive power.
In the next place, let us inquire if slavery is a
proper subject for the exercise of this power—if it
is legitimately within the province of legislation.
And on this point I will cite an authority which
ought to have great weight with southern gentlemen
—it is the opinion of the father of his country—of
George Washington. In a letter addressed to Rob-
ert Morris, dated Mount Vernon, April 12, 1786,
among other things, he says:
I hope it will not be conceived, from these observations,
that it is my w ish to hold the unhappy people w ho are the
subject of this letter, in slaveij . 1 can only say that theie
is not a man living who wishes more smcerelj than I do, to
see a plan adopted for the abolition of it; but theie is only one
proper and eliectual mode bj which it can be accomplished,
and that is by legislative authority, and this, us far as my
sufhage will go, shall never be wanting.
In writing to Mr. John P. Mercer on this subject,
General Washington said:
I never mean, unless some particular circumstances should
compel me to, to possess another slave by purchase, it hem?-
among my first wishes to sec some plan adopted by which
slavery m this country may be abolished h\ law.— Sevt o
178b. ' 1
I have another fact on this point, and a conclusive
precedent in this House. On the 9th January, 1829,
the House of Representatives, on motion of Mr.
Miner of Pennsylvania, adopted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of piovidm®" by
law lor the gradual abolition of sldverv m the District m
such manner, that the interest of no individual shall be'm-
jured theieby.
This resolution was adopted by a vote of 114 to
66.
Again, the journals show a long list of petitions
on this veiy bubjeet, piesented heretofore by gentle-
men of the southern delegations in Congress, thus
admitting the right of Congress to legislate on the
subject.
In this connexion, Mr. Speaker, allow me to read
the celebrated letter of Thomas Jefferson, the great
apostle of democracy, on the question of slaveiy, ad-
dressed to Dr. Price, of London, who had written a
pamphlet on that subject:
Paris*, August 7, 178d.
Sir: Your favor of July the 2d came duly to hand The
concern you theiem express as to the eltect ol your pam-
phlet in America, induces mc to trouble you with some ob-
servations on that subject.
from my acquaintance with that country, I think I am
able to judge, with some dcgicfe of certainty, of the mannei
ill.which it will have been received. Southward ol th«'
Chesapeake, it will find but few readers concurring with it
