^02
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBSk
objection might betaken to a seawall, which is of
nb'use while the ocean rerftains calm and within
her bounds, but which is of essential service when
the ocean becomes infuriated by the storm; or to a
shield, which is uaelesb until you are assailed, and
then becomes your preservation and defence ^ , *1
protective system was as a fence round a field of
wheat; it did not cause the wheat to grow higher or
heavier; it did not increase it in value; but it gave
the owner a feeling of security and confidence against
the trespassers to whose visits his property would
otherwise be subject.
Much had been said, and much prejudice excited,
against manufacturers, on account of the enormous
profits said to arise from their invested capital; but
he would state to the Senate, and wished it to go
forth to the community, so that those who knew
the facts could judge whether he was right or wrong,
that the capital invested in cotton manufactures in
this country, since 1824, did not realize 6 per cent.,
and the capital invested in woollen manufactures
within the same time did not realize 3 per cent.
Mr. McDUFFIE asked the honorable senator to
say what was the highest interest received now by
persons having capital invested in the manufacture
of cotton.
Mr. BATES would permit a gentleman whose
assertion would be received as indisputable author-
ity, and who was formerly a member of the House
of Representatives, to answer the question. He
then proceeded to read a document showing that, in
the manufactures of Lowell, there was vested a
capital of $9,500,000; and that, by the semi-an-
nual dividends for the last two years, the profits
were less than 6 per cent.
Mr. McDUFFIE did not wish to bring the gen-
tleman to a stand; but, as there was no answer
given, lie repeated his question, What was the high-
est interest now received by any person having cap-
ital embarked in cotton manufacturing?
Mr. BATES did not know what any particular
factory was making, and was consequently unpre-
pared to answer the question. It was one, how-
ever, of no importance, as the document he had
read from the honorable Mr. Appleton, of Boston,
was a piece of evidence sufficient to set the whole
question at rest for ever; for if Lowell, so highly
favored in every respect, falls short of 6 per cent.,
what must be the situation of factories not enjoying
the same advantages? The beneficial effects of the
protective system were felt by the capitalist but in a
trifling degree. Its great advantages were felt in its
immense results on the country at large; in the
erection of factories, surrounded by dwelling-houses,
which grew into villages, and thence to towns; in the
employment of mechanics of every denomination;
in the creating of markets for every description of
farm produce, including timber; in the occupation
of operatives not confined, as described, to a few mpn,
but to thousands of men, women, and children.
Mr. B. here enumerated the different branches on
which women and children were employed, and
drew a flattering picture of the happiness enjoyed
in the manufacturing portions of the country from
the industrious habits of the people.
He alluded to the public benefit arising from the
number employed as agents, superintendents, clerks,
porters, ana servants; but, above all, the advantages
arising from the protective system, stood forth in
bold relief— tjrie immense markets it created for ag-
ricultural produce, particularly wool, cotton, sugar,
flour,—Boston taking of the last named article
600,000 barrels in one year. Neither (he said)
were those advantages confined to the cities or large
towns. All along the line of the Great Western rail-
road were to be found depots at distances of twenty
miles from each other, from whence was sent to all
branches of t)>e country the produce of Ohio and
Michigan; thus extending the benefits of the system
to the utmost limits of the United States. There
was not (lie said) a spindle turned in Massachusetts
that did not confer ft benefit on the South; neither
was there a blade of cotton or a cans raised in the
South that did confer a benefit to tiis North. The
benefits were universal.
Before, the tariff labor was dead; tools remained
in the fields unhandled. but the tariff once a law, no
race-horse ever bounded on his course with greater
spirit than did the working population, But now,
in mid career, the honorable Senator would stop the
race to adjust some useless, trifling buckle on the
harness. As to the moral effects, nothing was so
great a preventive of vice as industrious habits:
Children under fifteen years of age, employed in
factories, were schooled for three months in the
year; and, although it might be argued that'any em-
ployment in a factory was not calculated to devel-
op or strengthen the physical abilities so much as
agricultural occupations, so "might it further be ar-
gued, that the life of the student was not as healthy
as that of the farmer; nor the farmer as that of the
The Senator. from New Hampshire expressed
himself strongly as to the commercial and navi-
gating interests of his State, and gave a very
impressive description of the ills inflicted on it by
the imposition of a duty of $5 per ton on ship build-
ing, which, he said, imposed a tax on the people of
Portsmouth of $15,000. But his description was
founded in error. In the first place, the duty was
only $4 per ton; and, as to the amount per head,
instead of being $2 per bead on the people of Ports-
mouth, it would be found, on §tnct examination,
to be a mere fraction of that sum.
Mr. B. read from an official document, showing,
for the year 1842—
Tonnage. Imports. Exports.
Maine 291,924 • 606,000 1,050,000
Massachusetts 474,889 17,986,000 9,807,000
New Hampshire 23,925 _ 60,481 28,547
and for the year 1842, the State of New Hamp-
shire shipped, in crews, the large number of fifty-
six men and three boys, all told.
The senator from New Hampshire says this pro-
tective system cuts off the long voyages which give
employment to our navigation; that, instead of three
or four hundred thousand bales of cotton which the
home market will consume, furnishing freight for
navigation to Europe, they will give only the coast-
ing freight from New Orleans to New York, Boston,
Providence, &c; In this point of view, the policy
is, he considers, injurious to our navigating inter-
ests. This was the first time he (Mr. B.) ever
heard that it was any disadvantage to have a near
market instead of a distant market. It could not be;
for what is navigation? It is precisely that to a na-
tion which a wagon is to a farmer—the means of
transporting marketable commodities to market.
Now, what would be thought of a farmer who com-
plained that he had only a short distance to carry his
products to market instead of a long distance? But the
senator further contends that the protective system is
more injurious to the navigation interest than it is ben-
eficial to the manufacturing interest. This is keeping
out of view the fact, that the use of the very instrument
of transportation depends upon the productions to be
transported. The farmer's wagon is valued in pro-
portion to the necessity there is for it. If he has
any stimulus to make his farm more productive, and
to have a larger quantity of produce to bring to mar-
ket, that stimulus enhances the value of his wagon
to him. The business for it depends on the busi-
ness of the farm. Anything that increases the activi-
ty of production, increases the estimation in which
the means of its transport to market is held. But
the senator say the long voyage is cut off, and a
short one substituted; therefore, navigation is injured.
Who would have the long voyage, if free trade
prevailed? Certainly not this country exclu-
sively ; for, by our reciprocity treaties, foreign
navigators already monopolize from one-third to one-
half of our carrying trade abroad. In the eyent of
free trade, the competition would be much great-
er; so that foreigners (not our navigators) would
benefit by the long voyages. Gn the contrary, the
short voyages, or the coasting trade, is exclusively
our own. There can be no competition by foreign-
ers in that. Hence, it is more beneficial to this
country to have its coasting trade and internal navi-
gation stimulated, than its external navigation.
The comparison made by the senator between this
country and Great Britain, with respect to naviga-
tion, wa,s noi m point; tor there wa& no similarity
in the condition of the two countries. The home
territory of Great Britain was exceedingly small;
her distant colonies large, diversified, and scat-
tered over the fnce of the habitable globe. The
marine commerce and marine armament were
essential to' her vital existence. Without them
she could not sustain herself a moment. The
territory of this country was _ all at home,
within one confederation, -extensive, diversified
in soil and climate, and embracing all the ele-
ments of national greatness within itself. What
might be vitally necessary for Great Britain, might
be only necessary to a very limited extent for this
country; thus, it' appeared that no just comparison
could be drawn between the two countries. Our in-
terests are so numerous an4 diversified, yet in realty
so harmonious in a national point of view, that our
only policy is to preserve them; and they cannot be
preserved without protection. On this ground, then,
it was that the friends of this policy always insist-
ed, and always will insist, that the protective system
must be cherished Etnd adhered to, as long as we de-
sire to be prosperous and happy.
It had been urged, as a strong objection to this
system, that it enhanced the price of imported arti-
cles, and those made as substitutes here, to the con-
sumer. That objection had been ably refuted by
the senator from Maine. The general fact is, how-
ever, admitted, that manufactured articles^ such as
used to be imported, are cheaper now than they
were before the act of 1842. The senator from
South Carolina, however, says it is not in conse-
quence of the act, but in spite of it. He attributes
it to many other causes—such as the contraction of
the currency, &c. It was true that many things in-
fluence prices, immediately or remotely; but the ex-
perience of the world has established the principle
that the law of supply and demand has a paramount
influence on prices, above all other circumstances.
The supply of any commodity in the market depends
on the demand; the demand depends on two things—
the want of the community for the articles, and the
ability to pay for them.
Now, in this country, the ability of the con-
sumer to pay for what he wants, depends upon his
having occupation for his labor; and if, by foster-
ing, encouraging, and protecting his industry, we
give him that employment, we give him the ability
to pay, and to make the demand which meets the
supply. Apply the rule to the protective system:
You impose a duty on an article of foreign manu-
facture; so far as it is concerned, if it formed the
chief supply, the price must rise; but if the effect
will be to make the home manufacturer fill up the
supply, it will have no effect on the price; should
the home manufacturer, thus stimulated, bring to
market more than the necessary supply, the price
must fall; and thus the duty, as experience proves
it always does, finally reduces the price of the ar-
ticles to the consumer. Was it not a fact, that this
country never was so well supplied as now with
manufactured articles, nor at cheaper prices? The
senator from New Hampshire admitted the fact,
when he said the stimulus of the protective system
had already acted injuriously to the manufactures,
by causing overproduction, which would involve
them in ruin. This was yielding up the whole
principle in favor of protection, as a means of in-
ducing low prices to the consumer.
Now, should he (ft£r. B.)be asked, as the friends
of protection were constantly asked, how it was,
that, if the effect of the protective system be to
diminish prices, the manufacturers desired protec-
tion? They desired it for various reasons: to give
occupation to home labor; to give new developments
to home industry; to give moral and physical ability
to the people; to secure them in action; to give -
them safety and confidence: not to hold out to them
that they shall get two dollars a day for labor, where
they got but one dollar before; but to secure them in
the certainty and continuance of the occupation by
which they could earn the o.ne dollar. But suppose
the system had the effect of raising prices: would not
the ability to purchase at those prices be increased?
and would not the consequence to the whole coun-
tiy be ten thousand times more valuable than a
contrary policy ? The beneficial consequences
would be felt by all classes, by the agriculturists as
well as by the manufacturers; and by the country at
large, in the increase of its productive industry and
national wealth. If it takes one dollar, it returns ^
thousand,
Another argument urged was, that it was best to
buy where you can buy cheapest; and if that can
be done in a foreign country, the purchaser ought to
be free to buy there. The senator from Maine had
already shown the fallacy of this doctrine of buying
cheap. 'You buy cheapest where you can exchange
the products of your labor for what you want to
the greatest advantage. Mr. B. went into a variety
of illustrations in proof of this; one was, that an un-
employed young man lounging about the halls of
Congress, awaiting its action, and without money,
wishing for a hat: should he go to a store on the
avenue to inquire the price of a new hat, and if tolA
four dollars, but it should be cash down, while iq
another store he was told the price was five (JoUar^,
and that his services in making out accounts would
be taken in payment,—would not (Mr. B. asked)
the hftt, or) llio?s terms, at five dollars, be cheaper to
