CONGRESSIONAL GtOfifi.
SM:.
the young man than that at foul- dollars, for which
he had not the means to pay?
The mistake in the theory of the senator from
South Carolina, that the producer of the exports
pays the duty on the imports, was sufficiently ex-
posed by the senator from Maine. All he (Mr. B.)
should say on that head was, that the property of
the exporter in the productions he exchanged,
ceased the moment he made the exchange.
So it was with the exports; the moment
the exporter got his money, that was the rep-
resentative of his labor. If he (Mr. B.) bought a
bale of cotton from the senator, it became the repre-
sentative of his (Mr. B.'s) labor while in his pos-
session; and that which he had given for it, while
retained by the senator, was the representative of
his labor. His mistake arose out of conceiving that
he retained an interest in what he had whully part-
ed with. But the senator looked only to the South
and its interests; while the interests of twelve
millions of the people of this country were inter-
woven with the protective policy. If he was the
baronial possessor of the vast domain which, in
his argument, he imagined this Union might form,
as an estate, involving an individuality of interest
vested in the proprietor, he would not think of sacri-
ficing the interests of twelve millions of the people
for the sake of a mere cotton patch.
Some of the senators on the other side, who had
discussed this subject, seemed to forget what sort of
government this was, and by what means this re-
publican structure is to be supported. If they had
not lost sight of those considerations, they would
have seen that, in no other way, can the interests of
this country be sustained but by the true American
system of protection. A home market must be
built up: no other nation should be suffered to pre-
vent this. An amalgamation of our interests with
those of foreign nations would lead to a debasement
of our labor to the level of theirs. Mr. B. denounced
at great length any policy the tendency of which
would be to place the laborer of this country on a
level with the laborer of other countries, where
wages is only from sixpence to three cents a day.
In conclusion, he invoked a spirit of forbearance
and conciliation in discussing the subject; and un-
dertook to say that the South, would gain more by
treating it in such a manner, than by assuming the
attitude of hostility which had been sssumed to-
wards the manufacturing States.
Mr. Mc/DUFFIE rose and said, he did not intend
at this time, to enter into the subjects touched upon
by the Senator who had just taken his seat, or to
notice his remarks, which lie (Mr. McD.) was sor-
ry he had not heard throughout. But, before the
debate dosed, he would pay his special respects to
the senator from Massachusetts, and he would then
have a word or two to say to him with regard to
the "unparalleled audacity and baldness of asser-
tions" made here. He would then show the true
• historical "origin" of this protective system. He
thanked the Senator for the word. He would meet
him on that point, and show him how the system
was got up and carried on.
Mr. EVANS moved to lay the subject on the
table for the present. And the pending question on
that motion was laid on the table, to be hereafter
called up at the request of any senator ready to pro-
ceed with the debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 31st of
January last, in relation to slaves committing crimes
who escaped into the British dominions, since the
ratification of the treaty of 1342; which, 011 motion
by Mr. BENTON, was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, leave was gran ted
to withdraw from the files papers connected with a
land claim of name not heard.
On motion by POSTER, the Senate proceeded to
consider executive business; and after a short time
spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 2], 1844.
0 MARYLAND DELEGATION.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY introduced his colleague,
Mr. Wethered, one of the recently elected mem-
bers from Maryland; and he was affirmed to sup-
port th? constitution, and then took his seat.
AMERICAN BIBLE SOCIFTY.
On the motion of Mr. ADAMS, the use of the
House^ of Representatives was granted to the Amer-
ican Bible Society, wherein to hold a public meeting
at 7 o'clock on the evening of Tuesday next.
ELECTION OF ELECTORS OF PRESIDENT AND
VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. DUNCAN reminded the House that a bill
introduced by him a few days ago to regulate the
eleetion of electors of President and Vice President
of the United States, was committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; but as
it was of great importance, and as it was a subject
on which action should be had soon, if at all, he now
desired to move a reconsideration of the vote by
which the bill was committed, to give him an op-
portunity to move that it be made the special
order.
The SPEAKER intimated that there was another
subject which was entitled to precedence.
Mr. DUNCAN remarked that no objection was
made. The bill to which he alluded was in rela-
tion to the day on which the election of electors
should be held, his object being understood to be to
make the day uniform throughout the.United States;
and on this he had received a great variety of com-
munications, one of which he requested the Clerk
to read.
The Clerk read a letter, which was understood
to bo a communication published in a newspaper on
the importance of the speedy disposal of this bill.
Mr. DUNCAN said that was but one of from
one hundred to two hundred letters which he had
received of like import. The subject was one which
had created a great interest, and he hoped it would
be taken up as a special order, and acted upon. He
therefore made the motion to reconsider.
The motion, after a few words from Mr. BAR-
NARD, was agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN then moved that the bill be made
the special order of the day for Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
general consent. (Cries of "Agreed.")
Mr. BARNARD objected.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was also understood to sug-
gest that the appropriation bills had not yet been
acted upon.
Mr. DUNCAN then consented to modify his
motion, so as to make the day next Wednesday
week.
Mr. BARNARD inquired what vote the motion
would require.
The SPEAKER answered that it would require
a -vote of two-thu ds. He then put the question,
Mr. BARNARD called for a division.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays, but
afterv/ads consented to withdraw that motion.
The SPEAKER again put the question, and on
counting the House, 94 were found to have voted
in the affirmative. The division was then given up,
and the bill was made the special order for Wed-
nesday week.
VACANCY IN THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
On the motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the Speaker
was directed to supply the vacancy in the Judiciary
Committee occasioned by the resignation of Mr.
Wilkins.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. THOMASSON laid before the House reso-
lutions of the general assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky on the subject of postage.
They were referred to the Committee 011 Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. DUNLAP presented to the House resolutions
of the legislature of the State, of Maine, in relation to
French spoliations, and they were referred to the
Committee 011 Foreign relations, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORT ON THE RULES.
The SPEAKER announced the order of the day
for the morning hour, to be the report of the Com-
mittee on Rules, on which the gentleman from
South Carolina [JVIr. Burt] had the floor.
Mr. BURT began by stating that certain declara-
tions had been made in the debate upon this subject
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Beardsley,]
which he did not feel himself at liberty to pass by
in silence. The gentleman had been pleased to my,
(not indeed as the announcement of a fact, but as the -
expression of an opinion,) that, in regard to the sub- •
jectof slavery in the abstract, he presumed there
was but one sentiment at the North, the South, the
East, and the West. He did not choose to inquire
what political relation that gentleman bears to the
parties of the North, nor what were his means of
knowing the feelings of the South, the West, ahd
the other sections of this Union upon the subject of .
slavery. He was equally indifferent as to what the
gentleman's opinion might be. But upon this par- •
ticularly southern question, public opinion was, and
had been, since the time of the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution, well-known. He would not be-
lieve that the honest Knickerbockers of the North,
or the gallant sons of the West, who had never yet
shrunk from the call of duty or of patriotism, would
ever prove faithless to the obligations of the consti-
tution. He knew nothing of the medium through
which the gentleman gained access to the feelings and
opinions of the South, the organ of which opinions
the gentleman seemed to consider himself entitled
to be; but he trusted the gentleman would not regard
it as presumptuous m him to profess quite as much
knowledge in relation to this question—a question <
of a purely municipal character—as the gentleman
did; and at least an equal right to express his opin-
ions upon it. The domestic institutions of the
States were subjects for their own exclusive consider-
ation. That Hous# had no concern to know what
were the domestic institutions of the States; and it
was offensive to inquire what their opinions might
be concerning those institutions; and so far as the
remarks of the gentleman applied to the State of
which he was the representative, he felt authorized
• to declare here, upon his responsibility to his con-
stituents, that the gentleman never expressed or en-
tertained a more groundless opinion. Nay, the gen-
tleman never had a vision which was more abso-
lutely destitute of all foundation. The gentleman
had taken occasion to say that the question 6f do-
mestic slavery in the South was not to be answered
for by the present generation. He begged leave to
inform the gentleman that, upon this question, the
present generation of the South entertain the same
opinions which were entertained by their ancestors;
and that they hold it utterly incompetent for any
one, from any quarter, to interfere with that ques-
tion. The gentleman from New York had said
that it was immaterial to the question under
debate, what opinions were entertained in the
South upon this question; but he also admitted that
it was immaterial, because Congress had no jurisdicr
tion over the subject of slavery within the States.
He would give just offence to his constituents, as
well as incur his own disesteem, if, in that Hall, he
could be induced to vindicate any institution of his
State. But this he would say, that language was
impotent to express the intensity of scorn and con-
tempt with which that State regards the miserable,
upstart, huckstering morality of the North, which
attempted to hold up her domestic institutions to the
odium of the world; and, as her representative upon
that floor, and in her name, he cast back to the gen-
tleman every word, every epithet of offence, which
he might be conscious of having used in regard to
her domestic institutions-
Mr. BEARDSLEY interposed, and said he un-
derstood the gentleman to charge him with having
asserted that, upon the question of slavery, there
was but one opinion throughout the whole Union;
and he also understood the gentleman to affirm that
the expression of !h$t opinion he held to bean im-
pertinence. It certainly seemed, to him, strange
that an expression of opinion upon an abstract
proposition should be considered impertinent. And
he threw back to any gentleman who chose to ap-
ply any such remark to him, the charge of imperti-
nence. He had, at all times, avoided interfering,
by word or act, with the domestic institutions of any
State; not because he did not feel at liberty to do
so 
Mr. PAYNE rose to a question of order. He
desired to know whether it was competent for the
gsntieman from New York to occupy the time al-
lotted to another member.
Mr. BEARDSLY remarked that his purpose was
only to answer the observation which the gentleman
from South Carolina had made in reference to him.
Mr. BURT proceeded. He certainly considered
the declaration of the gentleman from New York,
as having been introduced most unnecessarily; and
so far as any epithets which he might use upon that
floor were concerned, he would Be responsible for
them elsewhere. But he w^s not there to erjter int9
