March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Keps.
can we take such a stand, with the history of this
question before us and before the world? Nothing
to negotiate about! Has not every administration
of our government, since we had a government to
be administered, treated this as an open question?
Have we not at one time expressly offered to aban-
don all pretension to five-twelfths of the Territory,
and to allow our boundary line to follow the forty-
ninth degree of latitude? Have we not united a
convention of joint occupancy for thirty years, in
order to keep it an open question? What pretence
have we for planting ourselves in our presumed
rights at this late day, and for shutting our ears to
all overtures of negotiation, and all assertion or ar-
gument of the rights of others? None; none what-
ever. Such a course would subject us to the just
reproach and scorn of the civilized world.
But the question before the committee relates
simply to the termination of the convention of
joint occupancy. This convention originated in
the year 1818, and "was limited to the term of
ten years. In 1827 it was extended indefi-
nitely, subject, however, to the right of either party
to annul and abrogate the same, on giving twelve
months' notice to the other party. And now the
question is not whether this joint occupation of
Oregon shall be continued forever. Nobody im-
agines that the United States and Great Britain are
about to hold this territory in common much longer.
Neither country desires it; neither country would
consent to it. The simple question is, whether the
United States shall take the responsibility of giving
the notice to-day; whether, after having agreed to
this joint occupancy for nearly thirty years, we
shall take occasion of this precise moment in the
history of the two countries to insist on bringing it
to a close? I am opposed, wholly opposed, to such
a course. I agree with the report of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, (a committee, be it remem-
bered, composed of six members of the Van Buren
party, and of three only of the friends of Mr. Clay,)
that it is entirely inexpedient to act at all on the
subject at this time; and I sincerely wish thlt the
chairman of that committee [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll]
had saved me the trouble of advocating his own
report, and had given us an argument in favor of its
adoption, instead of making the anything but rea-
sonable or pacific speech, which he has just con-
cluded.
Sir, I regard the proposition to give the required
notice to the British government at this precise mo-
ment, as eminently ill-timed, both in regard to our
relations with Great Britain and to our own do-
mestic condition. We are just at the close of an
administration. We are on the eve of another elec-
tion of President. How this election may termi-
nate may be a matter of doubt in some quarters. I
have no doubt. But, however it may terminate,
it is no more than fair to those who are to
be successful, to leave to them the initiation of a
policy which they are to be responsible for carrying
on and completing. A twelve months' notice! Why,
to what point of time in our political affairs will the
expiration of that notice bring hs? To the very
first month of a new administration; an administra-
tion which will hardly have taken the oaths of office;
which will hardly have selected and installed its ad-
visers and agents; and which, (unless you are going
o compel the calling of another extra session, only
to deride and denounce it afterwards) will have no
Congress at the Capitol to act in any way upon its
measures! This termination of joint occupation is
to be followed by something, I suppose. It must be
followed, it is intended to £e followed, by some act
of separate occupation. If negotiation, in the mean
time, shall have failed, as it certainly will fail if this
notice be given, something else than negotiation, a
strife or a struggle of some sort must ensue. It
may, or may not, amount to an ammediate war
with England. But whatever form it may assume,
it will involve responsibility, it will require prepara-
tion, it will demand matured and vigorous counsels.
And how is a new administration, with its cabinet,
perhaps, not yet arranged, and without a Congress
to sustain it, to meet such an exigency as it ought to
be met'
Mr. Chairman, it was—I will not say the policy
and design of the Van Buren administration—
but certainly the result of their course on going
out of office three years ago, to precipitate
their successors, white yet without that matured
organization which is essential to any effec-
tive action, upon a condition of foreign affairs ofthe
most delicate and dangerous character. Few per-
sons, I hnagine, kno'w, and few persons, perhaps,
ever will know, how critical were the relations of
Great Britain and the United States at the precise
instant of General Harrison's accession to the presi-
dency. My honored and venerable colleague [Mr.
Adams] seemed to understand them, when he
charged it openly upon the Van Buren party a ses-
sion or two ago, that they had fired the ship when
they found ^they could no longer hold it! I trust
that there is no design, no disposition, no willing-
ness, to bring about the same state of things again.
It ought to be the patriotic aim of us all, that who-
ever the next President may be, he may have a
smooth sea and a fair wind to start with; and that
he may not be driven upon storms and breakers be-
fore his hand has fairly grappled upon the helm,
and before his crew have got upon their sea legs!
Sir, if there was any thing too pacific, any thing
too compromising, any thing too yielding in the
course of President Tyler, or his Secretary of State,
in conducting the recent negotiations with Great
Britain—all which 1 utterly deny—no small share
of the blame would rest upon the party which threw
upon a new administration, in the first hour of its
existence, so perilous a responsibility; the party
whiclt brought the country to the very brink of war,
and there left it, without preparation of any sort,
either of money or munitions; with its navy dis-
mantled, its fortifications dilapidated, and its treas-
ury many millions worse than empty!
But the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
has made a charge in relation to the treaty of Wash-
ington, of a somewhat different character. He has
told us that the British ministry have succeeded in
depriving this country of a considerable portion of
our territory on the northeast, with a perfect knowl-
edge that they had no right to it. He has told us
that the prime minister of England has declared in
Parliament that he had proof, in the handwriting
of a late English monarch, that the British claim
was without foundation; and he has alluded to what
he calls a corresponding acknowledgement of a dis-
tinguished member of the House of Lords! Mr.
Chairman, this attempt to destroy the confidence of
the American Congress and of the American people
in the good faith and common honesty of the Brit-
ish government, at the very moment when we are
about to enter upon new and critical negotiations
with them, can hardly, in my judgement, be too
strongly condemned. The charge is entirely un-
warranted. The speeches of Sir Robert Peel and
Lord Brougham justify no such impeachment of
British integrity. What were the circumstances
under which the remarks were made to which the
honorable member had reference? It is well known
that a charge of bad faith had been brought against
our negotiator, Mr. Webster, for having concealed
from Lord Ashburton all knowledge of a map which
had been discovered by Mr. Sparks in Paris, and
which there was the strongest reason for believing
to be Dr. Franklin's map. This map had a broaa
red line upon it in close conformity to the British
claim, and was considered as being somewhat of
an extinguisher of the American view of the ques-
tion, so far as the authority of maps was concerned.
Yet it was carefully concealed from the British gov-
ernment and the British negotiator. For this pro-
ceeding Mr. Webster was arraigned both at home
and abroad. Lord Palmerston, who, as Secretary
of Foreign Affairs for many years, had failed in all
attempts to settle the boundary question, and who
was, perhaps, a little envious of the reputation
which his successor, Lord Aberdeen, had acquired
through the negotiations of Lord Ashburton, pub-
licly arraigned Mr. Webster in the House of Com-
mons, and made substantially the same charge
against him, which the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs in this House has now made
against the ministry of England. And it was in
answer to this attack upon Mr. Webster, it was in
defence of our Secretary of State—not, perhaps,
without some view of vindicating themselves from
the imputation of having been overreached in the
negotiation—that Sir Robert Peel and Lord Brough-
am brought forward the fact to which the honorable
gentleman has alluded. They stated that the Brit-
ish government, as well as the American govern-
ment, had concealed maps which made against their
own claim; that Lord Palmerston himself had been
guilty of the same suppression; that, besides
other maps of less significance, which had been
kept out of sight by the ministry of England,
there was one which could be traced back to the
possession of George III, the monarch m whose
time the separation of the two countries had
taken place, and upon which there was a red
line in precise conformity with the American
claim. But what was their course of remark
upon the subject' Did they, as the gentleman
would imply, admit that these maps, on either
side, would have considered as conclusive evi-
dence of the intention of the treaty of 1783? No
such thing; they ridiculed such an idea. Sir Robert
Peel commenced his remarks on this subject by
The noble lord has spoken at great length of a map re-
cently discovered. He seems to think that that map, so dis-
covered, affords conclusive evidence of the justice of the
British claims. Now, sir, in the first place, let me -observe
to the noble lord, that contemporary maps may be—"where
the words of the treaty referred to by them are in them-
selves doubtful—they may be evidence of the intentions of
those who tramed them, but the treaty must be executed
according to the words contained in it. Even if the map
were sustained by the parties, it could not contravene the
words of the treaty."
And Lord Brougham followed out the same idea
in his speech in the House of Lords, when he said:
But the map does not tally with the description given.
Suppose you had an account, in writing, that the Thames,
as is the fact, forms the boundary of the counties of Surrey
and Middlesex; and suppose you found a map, or chart, or
plan connected with that description, on which a red line
througli Piccadilly was drawn as the boundary—I should
not take it; 1 should go down to the river; because the red
line'Is only to be regarded if the words do not speak for
themselves, or the language is ambiguous. And the i>ame is
the case here, more or less."
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is only after these ex-
plicit denials of the idea that maps, under whatever -
circumstances they may have been found, are to be
taken as conclusive evidence as to the justice of
claims resting on the descriptions of a treaty, that
Lord Brougham and Sir Robert Peel proceed to dis-
close the fact of the discovery of the map of George
the Third; and that, only in the way of set-off to the
map which is supposed to have'belonged to Dr.
Franklin. They do, indeed, speak somewhat
largely and roundly as' to the effect which the pro-
duction of this map of George III might have had
on the settlement of the boundary questior, in case
maps were to be taken as conclusive evidence. But
having expressly denied that they were to be so ta-
ken—having rejected and ridiculed the idea of the
red lines of a map being allowed to control the black
letters of a treaty description—their language,- how-
ever round, admits of no such construction as has
been given to it by the honorable gentleman who
has just taken his seat.
Sir, there is no evidence whatever, in my judg-
ment, of bad faith on the part of the British govern-
ment, in these speeches of the prime minister and
Lord Brougham. I do not profess to be deeply
versed in the science of political morals or interna-
tional obligation; but I should say that the princi-
ples of common honesty and common sense would
lead to this conclusion. If a government, after hav-
ing set up a claim of any sort, should find in its own
possession conclusive evidence—evidence conclusive
upon its own conscience—that the claim was un-
founded, it is bound, in all honor and in all justice,
to disclose the evidence, and abandon the claim. But
if the evidence fall short of demonstration—if reason-
able and conscientious doubts still rest upon the
question—if there be ground enough left for main-
taining the claim at all, it would be the height of ab-
surdity in such a government, and a piece of most
gratuitous generosity to their opponent, to make
such a disclosure. Why, sir, the circumstances of
the case we are considering furnish the best possible
illustration that the position I have taken is the only
sound or safe one. Here were maps in the secret pos-
session of each government at the same moment,
which were belie\ed by each respectively to present
formidable testimony against its own claim, and
the production of either of which, singly, might
have seriously affected the final settlement of the
disputed boundary. Suppose Mr. Webster had
disclosed to Lord Ashburton the map which was
then belived to have belonged to Dr. Franklin, and
the consequence had been a much larger relinquish-
ment of territory on our part, than has actually
taken place: Or, suppose Sir Robert Peel has sent
over to Mr. Webster the map of George the Third,
and had consented, upon the strength of it, to a line
less favorable to his own country:—What would
the government which obtained the advantage under
such circumstances have thought of the diplomacy
and statesmanship of its antagonist' And even if
both governments had shown their hands, and ex-
hibited their maps simultaneously, what would have
been produced but a mutual laugh at each other, and
a laugh of all the world at both! And the laugh,
certainly, would not have been diminished; if jt had
