320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Wintkrop.
H. of Reps.
aftewards proved that the recently discovered map
of Mr. Jay, the only map which we now know cer-
tainly to have been in the possession of the negoti-
ators of 1783, was materially different from both the
other two. Well, sir, did Mr. Webster say for him-
self, on this subject, that "he confessed he did not
think it a very urgent duty, on his part, to go to
Lord Ashburton and tell him that he had found a
bit of doubtful evidence in Paris, sut of which he
might, perhaps, make something to the prejudice of
our claims, and from which he could set up higher
claims for himself, or obscure the whole matter still
further." Andno less well, in my judgment, did Lord
Brougham "deny that a negotiator, in carrying on
a controversy, as representing his own country with
- a foreign country, is bound to disclose to the other
party whatever he may know that tells against his
own country, and for the opposite party, any more
than an advocate is bound to tell the court all that he
deems to make against his own client, and for his
adversary." A.just nation, like "ajust man, will
never set up a claim which it knows to have no foun-
dation; but both nations and individuals may with-
hold from an opposite party (except where they are
under question upon oath) any evidence which
would weaken a claim which they believe to be
well-founded, without subjecting themselves to any
rightful impeachment of their honor or good faith.
I repeat, Mr. Chairman, that this attempt to de-
stroy the confidence of the American people in the
fairness of the British government, and to produce
the impression that they have dishonestly deprived
us of a portion of our territory, and are now openly
chuckling over the success of an avowed fraud, can-
not be too strongly reprobated. The direct tenden-
cy of such a course is to create an exasperated pop-
ular feeling towards Great Britain, which will forbid
the settlement of any future dispute with that pow-
er, except by the sword, which will henceforth ac-
knowledge the validity of no red lines, but those
which shall have been run with blood, and which
will lead inevitably, and at no distant day, to war for
Oregon. I trust that this is not the design of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
But the honorable gentleman has not been content
with charging fraud upon the British government in
relation to the late treaty. He has told us that this
treaty was accomplished and consummated against
the unanimous sentiment of the people of Maine.
Sir, I should like to know where the honorable gen-
tleman has found the evidence of this unanimous
sentiment of the people of Maine against the treaty
of Washington. The commissioners of Maine
were on the spot during the whole period of its ne-
gotiation. They prepared, it is true, a somewhat
elaborate argument against relinquishing any part of
their territorial claim. But what did they do after-
wards? How did they conclude that argument?
They gave their formal and unanimous assent to
the arrangement which Mr. Webster and Lord Ash-
burton had agreed on. They signed the treaty.
What pretence, then, is there for the assertion, that
Maine was dismembered against the unanimous
sentiment of her people?
Mr. Ingersoll (Mr. W. yielding the floor for ex-
planation) remarked, that he was sorry this matter
was gone into, but the gentleman from Massachusetts
provoked him to say (he did not mean any thing
offensive) that he (Mr. 1.) had in his place, from
day to day, been informed by a gentleman from
Maine, no longer a member of tins House, that all
that had been brought about by tricks, practised on
the Maine commissioners, such as were attempted
to be practised upon senators at the other end of the
Capitol.
Mr. Wintiirop continued: And neither do I mean
any thing offensive; but 1 must be permitted to say,
that I believe Mr. Webster to be quite as incapable of
tricks, as the honorable gentleman himself, and that I
demand some better evidence of the fact than the
private whisper which the gentleman has retailed.
Why has not the person who gave this information
made it public before this time, upon his own re-
sponsibility? If the mam commissioners were trick-
ed into an assent to the treaty, why have they not
found it out themselves, and disclosed the circum-
stances? Sir, I deny the whole allegation. This
effort to array an opposition against the treaty of
Washington, m reference to the Maine boundary, is
all an afterthought. At the time it was negotiated,
it met with a very general, if not an unanimous,
assent 111 both the States which were interested 111
the question; 111 Maine no less than in Massachu-
setts. And even to this day, all attempts which
have been made to get up a public sentiment against
the treaty, have signally failed. The treaty was
ratified by a vote of five-sixths of- the Senate; and I
have not the slightest belief that some of the sena-
tors who voted against it, (if any of them,) would
have dared to take the responsibility of defeating it,
if their vo.tes would have produced such a result.
There is no way of securing an impunity in regard
to any public measure, more easy and obvious
than to vote against it when you are certain that
your vote will not prevent its adoption. If
the measure turns out to be acceptable to the
country, nobody will care who voted against it;
while, if it proves to be unpopular in any quar-
ter, you are at full liberty to unite in denouncing
it. This is apolitical trick, (to borrow the gen-
tleman's term,) which is often played by as-
piring politicians. Whether it will account for
any part of the opposition to the treaty of
Washington, others can judge as well as myself.
Whether it will or not, however, is of very little
importance. The treaty has commended itself so
entirely to the approbation of thei American people,
that the liberty of finding fault with it has proved
utterly worthless. The negotiators are out with all
the honors, and there is no chance for tricks to tell.
In the whole records of diplomacy, American or
European, there can not be found a negotiation
which has been hailed with more undivided satisfac-
tion by those who were interested in its results, than
this has been by the people of the United .States.
Its influence will not soon be lost on the civilized
world. It will stand on the pages of history as a
noble example of what may be accomplished by the
honest arts of peace, and will impress with the force
of conviction 011 the nations of the earth, the lesson
which they have been so long in learning, that war
is not the only resort, or the best resort, for settling
international disputes, but that true honor may be
maintained, real interest secured, just pride pre-
served, without the sacrifice of a single life, or the
libation of one drop of blood!
The honorable gentleman has alluded to Mr. Cal-
houn, and has expressed his gratification that he has
accepted the appointment of Secretary of State. Has
he forgotten that one of the ablest speeches made in
the Senate of the United States, in support of the late
treaty, was made by this distinguished statesman of
South Carolina? Has he forgotten, too, that the
crowning glory of that treaty, in Mr. Calhoun's
estimation, was that it would establish "a per-
manent amity and peace" between Great Britain
and the United States? "A kind Providence
(said Mr. Calhoun) has cast our lot on a portion
of the globe sufficiently vast to satisfy the most
grasping ambition, and abounding in resources
beyond all others, which only require to be fully
developed to make us the greatest and most prosper-
ous people on earth." "Peace," said he, "is, in-
deed, our policy. Peace is the first of our wants."
Why, sir, if the honorable gentleman will turn to
the speech of this political friend and brother demo-
crat of his, he will find it as copious in its eulogies
on the blessings of peace, as any of the more recent
speeches in the Senate, which he has ridiculed un-
der the title of sermons. I honor Mr. Calhoun for
such expressions. Let him carry into the negotia-
tions upon the Oregon question the same spirit
which he manifested in relation to the treaty of
Washington; let him "seek peace and ensue it," in
his management of our foreign affairs—and he will
have earned a title to the regard of all good men and
true patriots. I rejoice to believe that he will do so.
On the subject of Oregon, indeed, he is already com-
mitted to a pacific policy. The honouible gentle-
man is quite mistaken in his idea of Mr. Calhoun's
argument against the bill for the armed occupation
of Oregon last winter. There was nothing what-
ever in that argument to give the impression that
Mr. Calhoun wasm favor of giving tins notice now
or at any early day. On the contrary, the whole
strain and stress of the argument was in favor of ab-
staining altogether from any action upon the subject.
"There is often," said Mr. Calhoun, "111 the affairs
of government, more efficiency and wisdom in non-
action than in action. All we want, to effect
our object in this case, is a wise and masterly
inactivity." "Our population," said he, "will
soon—far sooner than anticipated—reach the
Rocky mountains, and be ready to pour into the
Oregon Territory, when it will come mto our pos-
session without resistance or struggle; or, if there
should be resistance, it would be feeble and ineffect-
ual. We would then be as much stronger there,
comparatively, than Great Britain, as she is now
stronger than we are; and it would then be as idle m
her to attempt to assert or maintain her exclusive
claim to the territory against us, as it would now be
in us to attempt it against her. Let us be wise,
and abide our time, and it will accomplish all that
that we desire, with far more certainty, and with in-
finitely less sacrifice, than we can without it."
I have no idea, Mr. Chairman, that it will be 111
our power, under present circumstances, to avail
ourselves of this good advice of Mr. Calhoun, or
that he will find himself able, in his new capacity,
to leave this question to the operation of time. The
ill-advised and most unseasonable debates on this
subject, which have taken,place in both branches of
Congress during the last two years, have not only
created an impatience, in some quarters of the coun-
try, which will brook no further delay, but have so
roused the attention of the British government to
our policy, as to forbid the idea that they would
acquiesce m any further postponement of the ques-
tion. A new minister from England has, indeed,
arrived, who is well understood to be specially
charged with the negotiation of it. And it is now to
be decided, so far as this House is concerned, in
what spirit that negotiation shall be conducted.
Shall it be entered on, by this government, in that
spirit of menace and defiance which has character-
ized the whole speech of the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania; or in that spirit of cour-
tesy and magnanimity which becomes a civilized
and Christian, as well as a brave and powerful na-
tion?
Sir, I have already declared my opinion that the
required notice for the termination of the joint occu-
pation of Oregon ought not to be given at this mo-
ment, in view of our own domestic condition. But
a hundred fold more ill-advised does such a proceed-
ing strike me, in view of our immediate relations to
the British government. In my judgment, it would
be an act of rudeness, of indecency, of offence, as
unworthy, as it would be wanton. What possible
pretence of expediency or necessity is there for such
a course? Here is an ambassador on the ground,
ready, at any instant, to go into negotiations with
us on the subject. But for the deplorable catastro-
phe which has recently deprived the President of
two members of his cabinet, those negotiations
would have already been entered on. And is this a
moment, when we have seen no disadvantage and
no disgrace in this joint occupation during a term of
thirty years, when all presidents and all parties have
acquiesced m its continuance throughout that long
period—is this a moment for insisting on its being
brought to a close? Is this a respectful or a respect-
able mode of meeting the overtures of the British
government for a settlement of the Oregon question?
Will it give us an increased hope of effecting such a
settlement amicably, honorably, satisfactorily, to tell
the British minister, "Sir, we will allow a year for
this business: at the end of that time, we shall cry
havoc, and let slip the dogs of war?" The honorable
gentleman has alluded to the code of honor, and to the
manner of settling difficulties among gentlemen Th ere
are those present, doubtless, who understood the
nice points of that code. What would he thought
by them, if, while negotiations of this sort were
pending, one of the parties should undertake to limit
the time within which there must be a settlement or
a fight? Undoubtedly, Mr. Chairman, we have a
right to give such a notice to Great Britain; but, 111
my judgment, the exercise of that right at this mo-
ment would not only tend to protract, embarrass,
and ultimately defeat the negotiations winch are
now about to be opened, but would impair the
honor of this nation in the estimation of the civil-
ized world. We should be repioaehed and rebnKd
for it by the general sense of Europe. And if, the
American character abroad at so high a mark at tin.;
moment, that we can afford to trifle with it' True,
sir, many'of the censures which have recently bet 11
cast on this republic, are unreasonable. Perhaps 1
might agree with the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that the attacks which lnue been
made upon the character and honesty of his own
Commonwealth, and which seem to have so shar-
pened the edge of his acrimony against England,
are a good deal overcharged. At any rale, 1 feel as
strongly as any one the injustice of involving the
whole nation in the repudiation of two or three of
the separate States; and the same discrimination be-
tween the acts of individual States and the acts of
the United States may, I am aware, be pleaded m ex-
planation of other circumstances which have brought
reproach from some quarters upon our nation.,I good
name. But the fact is not less true, nor less lamenta-
ble, that our character as a nation, in one way or an-
