April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
burdens of the people, will, at the same time, large-
ly increase the revenue of the government.
Thus, if we, were to admit the interpretation which
is claimed for this word, the argument which is
founded on it would be untenable. But such js not
its meaning, and this is the next answer: The word
"raise" does not mean to increase simply, and never
when applied to revenue or taxation. Among some
twenty or thirty interpretations which are given to
the word, one to be sure is to "increasein value,"
in which sense it could not be used in the clause of
the constitution, as will be obvious from the exam-
ple given:
Tlie plate pieces of eight were raised three pence in the
piece.—Temple.
The meaning of the word in this sentence cannot
be misunderstood. These plate pieces were not in-
creased in size, in weight, in number, or in beauty,
but in value. Three pence in value was added to
each piece. The meaning is equally obvious when
the word is applied to revenue or taxation. Take
this example:
Britain, once despised, can raise
As ample sums as Home in Ciesai's days.
[rfrbuth not.
Here the meaning of the word is alike plain and
unquestionable. It is now applied to revenue, to
taxation, and then its interpretation is to levy, to
collect, to assess. The writer is comparing the rev-
enues of Great Britain with those of Rome, and he
asserts that, despised as Britain once was, her rev-
enues are now as ample as those of imperial Rome
in her palmy days; that Britain can now raise—that
is levy, collect, assess by taxation—as ample sums
as Rome in the time of Csesar. I think this renders
it very clear that the word raising used in the con-
stitution does not mean increasing, but levying, col-
lecting, assessing; and, consequently, that the bill
introduced by the senator fiom South Carolina is
not less a revenue bill because it reduces duties in-
stead of increasing them, even if the effcct of that
reduction should, as I doubt not it would, be to re-
duce the revenue as well as the duties.
This is the interpretation of the term, given to it
by lexicographers. It is much more important to
ascertain the sense in which it is was used by the
convention; and happily the journal and debates of
that body enable us to place this beyond the reach
of controversy. We can thus trace tlie history of
the clause, and listen to the comments of those who
framed, and modified, and finally adopted it.
As the clause originally stood m the draft of the
constitution, it was in these words:
"All bills for raising or appiopiiating money, shall origi-
nate, kc." (Seciet debates, p 'iS'2 )
In the convention this clause was stricken out.
(3 Madison Papers, 1267.)
The resolution to strike out was reconsidered on
motion of Mr. Randolph. (3 Madison Papers,
1297, '8.)
On the reconsideration, he moved to substitute
the following clause:
"Bills for raising money for the puipose of revenue, or for
appropnating the'same, shall ongmate in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and shall not lie alteied or amended b) the
Senate so as to increase oi dimmish the sum to be levied."
(3 Madison Papeis, 130.5, 'tj}
This was subsequently altered by the adoption of
the clause as it now stands in the constitution:
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate,'' &c. (3
Madison Tapers, 1494, 1530.)
Wow it would be to impute to the convention a
palpable absurdity to suppose tnat they used this
word in the sense which is now given to it; that is
to say, as equivalent to increase. Any one who
reads these "different clauses, giving to it this inter-
pretation, will be sensible of this. Thus when, in
the original draft, the convention speak of "rais-
ing money,"' they would be understood to mean in-
creasing it, instead of levying it by taxation, which
was their obvious intention. And so, in the subse-
quent modification, the word* "bills for raising
money for the puipose of levenue," would be liable
to the same absurd interpretation, and this notwith-
standing Mr. Randolph, by the subsequent inhibi-
tion to the Senate, in the same clause, to increase or
diminish the sum to be levied, showed that he per-
fectly understood the force, of the terms which he
was using.
The sense in which the term was used m the con-
stitution is, then, 1 think, very obvious; and that
was, as the equivalent of the words, before staled,
to levy, to collect, to assess. In this sense, too, it
was used by all who spoke in that body. The pro-
hibition, as was before noted, was borrowed from
Great Britain, and the ordinary parliamentary
phrase in that country was used when speaking of
it in the convention. Bills for raising revenue, when
they were mentioned in that body, were always
spoken of as "money bills," and no one thought of
distinguishing between such money bills as should
increase or diminish the existing revenue; all were
classed under the general denomination of money
bills, and the prohibition to the Senate to originate
a measure of this description was equally applica-
ble to all such bills. The same language was used,
and the same interpretation given to the term, in the
several State conventions whose debates have been
preserved.
Will you allow me to add, that the objection of
the'Senator from Connecticut seems to me not to
have been met, and certainly not to have been an-
swered? That objection was, that such a bill as tlie
present, even supposing that it could be protected
by the consideration that its object was to reduce
and not to increase the duties imposed by the exist-
ing law, might nevertheless be defeated if the House
of Representatives, in the exercise of its undoubted
right, should adopt an amendment increasing the
existing rate of duty. In such an event, the amend-
ment would be incorporated in and not distinguish-
able from the original bill, which, when presented
to the President for his approval, would carry with
it the certificate of our Secretary that it had origin-
ated heie; and, being a bill for raising revenue by
increasing duties, must, even according to the. ar-
gument of its advocates, be stopped by the interpo-
sition of the executive veto.
The objection involved in the inquiry presented
by the senator from Pennsylvania is also, I think,
unanswerable. It serves to show that the legisla-
tion of the Senate on this bill must necessarily be
crippled and imperfect—that the right to exercise
our own judgment in the modification of its details
would be denied to us,. since, if this should lead us
to propose an amendment increasing the existing
rate of duties, the Senate could not entertain such
an amendment without a violation of the constitu-
tion. I think there can be no more decisive evi-
dence that the prohibitory clause which we are
considering extends to all revenue bills? To deny
to the Senate the right of amendment would be to
arm the senator who introduces such a bill with the
power which is assumed by the British House of
Commons in its intercourse with the lords. We
must accept or reject the bill as he presents it; at
any rate, we may not alter it by increasing the rate
of duty which he proposes.
The senator from New Hampshire finds a diffi-
culty in denying to the Senate the constitutional
power to entertain this bill, and warns us to beware
lest, in making this denial, we should divest our-
selves of the right to originate a bill for the regula-
tion ofthe Post Office, or for the sale and distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the public lands, both of
which produce revenue. If the senator will recall
to his recollection a rule of interpretation with which
he is perfectly familiar, he will be sensible that
these is no room for this apprehension. The terms
of a law, whether fundamental or of ordinary legis-
lation, are to be interpreted with reference to the
subject-matter which it was intended to regulate.
Tlie convention was engaged in regulating the man-
ner in which Congress should exercise the power of
raising revenue by taxation. This was the subject,
and the sole subject of their deliberations in settling
the terms of this prohibitory clause. This is obvi-
ous from an examination of the clause m its succes-
sive stages, from the debates in the convention in
relation toit, and from the fact that the power to
legislate in relation to the revenues of the govern-
ment, which are derived from any other source than
taxation, is given to Congress, with equal right to
the Senate to originate bills in relation to them.
The power to laise revenue from the Post Office is
given by the eighth section of the first articlc of the
constitution, and a like power over the revenue to
be derived from the public lands by the third section
of the fourth article. The prohibition which we are
considering—that which inhibits the Senate from
originating a revenue bill—is confined to the exercise
of the taxing power, which is regulated by the
seventh section of the first article.
Mr. President, I think it is now sufficiently obvi-
ous that the bill introduced by the senator from
South Carolina is justly and truly a revenue bill—in
the very words of the constitution, a bill for raising
revenue; that it cannot legitimately originate in the
Senate, and ought therefore, in the terms of the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Finance, to be
indefinitely postponed. And here, sir, I would
gladly close this discussion, and await the decision
of the Senate on the question which it involves; but
the extent which has been already given to this
debate, ranging as it has done over the whole
system of revenue as now established by law, both
in principle and detail, and the determination still
further to prosecute the same extended discussion,
makes it my duty to submit to you such additional
considerations as have brought my mind to the con-
clusion that we ought not further to prosecute this
measure.
Independently, then, sir, of all constitutional ob-
jections to this bill, 1 would urge its indefinite post-
ponement, from the consideration that it cannot lead
to any practical result; that it does not even express
the views and intentions of the honorable senator by
whom it was introduced, as these have been unfold-
ed in the progress of this debate. The bill proposes
to repeal tlie existing revenue system, and to substi-
tute for it one uniform ad valorem duty on all dutia-.
ble articles. It provides for the reduction-of all ex-
isting duties to twenty-five and twenty per cent, ad
valorem, and (by a slip of the pen, of course) re-
quires that both these rates of duty shall be imposed
on the thirty-first day of December next.
Now, sir, does the senator from South Carolina
think—does any honorable senator believe—that
there can be found in both branches of the national
legislature senators and representatives, equal in
number to one of the standing committees of the
House, who, in the present condition of the coun-
try, in all its varied aspects, would consent to sub-
stitute for the existing revenue system the rate of
duty and mode of assessment provided by this bill?
I apprehend not; and with the more confidence,
since, if 1 understand the senator from South Caro-
lina, lie does not himself approve it. It is an aver-
age, and not a uniform duty of 20 per cent, which
he desires to establish. The honorable senator re-
pels the idea of this horizontal duty, as it is called,
and advocates the propriety of discriminating for
the purpose of revenue, of varying the rate of duty
imposed, illustrating his views in this particular by
suggesting a duty of 25 per cent, on silks, and of 15
per cent, on coarse cottons; yet he presses upon us
the consideration of this bill; which, in direct con-
flict with his own expressed views, imposes one
uniform, indiscriminate rate of duty on all the duti-
able articles of im'port. If tha Senate possesses the
power, by a bill originating here, to modify the exists
ing system of revenue, and it is the purpose of the
honorable senator to call us to the exercise of that
power, surely we have a right to ask that the measure
which he proposes should be in accordance, not in con-
flict, with his own view of what that modification
ought to be. Unless this is done, unless gome
measure looking to a practical result be proposed,
this discussion is not merely vain and nugatory, but
absolutely injurious in its tendency. One of two
things is true. Either we prosecute this bill with-
out any view to a practical result, or it is intended
to found upon it an entire revision of the existing
system of revenue. If the former—if this bill is de-
signed merely to answer the purpose of an author's
title page m a modern periodical, to furnish a theme
on which the writer rftay descant ad libitum, without
touching the merits of the work which he professes
to review, and we are thus engaged in mere sen-
atorial pastime; or if it be our graver purpose, from
these high seats, which we occupy by the favor of
our constituents, to promulgate doctrines of political
economy, to go the American people under the sanc-
tion of our imprimatur, I apprehend in the first case
we shall not advance ourselves in the confidence of
our constituents, and, in the second, that we may be
told that we were sent here to legislate for and not
to indoctrinate them. Sir, 1 have great and unfeign-
ed respect for the Senate of the United States; I ap-
pieciate very highly the1'privilege which I enjoy of
such an association with the learmngand intelligence
which distinguish this assembly as a seat in this
chamber affords me; but I should violate my own
sense of propriety, I should justly expose myself to
your rebuke, I should assert what you would your-
selves be prompt to deny, and might be subjected to
the imputation of offering an undeserved compliment
to mask the satire which it, was intended to convey,
if on tlie great practical subject of this debate, com-
ing home as it'does to the business and to the bo-
soms of an intelligent people, I were to affirm that
the quantum of information which exists beyond the
limits of this chamber is not at least equal to that
which it encloses. No, sir, it is not necessary that
we should assume a power with which the coristitu-
