CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
311
agricultural productions of a few counties ad-
jacent were sent to market the past year, of
the value of a million and a half of dollars;
whilst from other towns upon its banks and
landing places, the exports are vast, and constantly
increasing. To such a trade and commerce, ex-
pending its millions, and pouring into the lap of
enterprise opulence and ease, and contributing so
largely to the wealth and power of the nation, we
in the West invoke the constitutional aid of the na-
tional legislature, and such appropriations from its
treasury as may accomplish a great national object.
On his motion, the memorial was then referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition from
Calvin Emmons, the executor of Uri Emmons, of
New York, praying that a patent which has expired
may be renewed, for a cylindrical planing machine;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. "WRIGHT presented a petition from Charles
Kohler, praying compensation for building United
States vessels in Florida, and for salvage, during
the late war with Great Britain: referred to the
Committee oa Commerce.
Mr. FRANCIS presented a report and resolu-
tions of the general assembly of Rhode Island, on
the subject of the claims of citizens of the United
States, for French spoiliations prior to 1800; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Fairfax county, Virginia, asking for the re-
charter of the Bank of Potomac and the Farmer's
Bank of Alexandria: referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial from the
heads of families and representatives of 2,500 Cher-
okees, known as the treaty or Ridge party, who are
entitled to a per capita division of money according
to numbers, under the treaty of December 29, 1835,
aild the acts of appropriation made in pursuance
thereof; urging that, according to the provisions of
the said treaty, the memorialists, and each and every
Cherokee of the said tribe, who emigrated smee
1833, and who were included in the census of 1835,
are entitled to a per capita sum of money of one hun-
dred and fifty dollars each; that a large amount of
said money had been expended unlawfully, and
hence the necessity of applying to Congress to have
the same reappropriated, so far as the memorialists,
and those known as the treaty party, were concern-
ed, and praying the examination of the accounts and
expenditures of the moneys appropriated under said
treaty, and an appropriation of a sufficient amount to
fulfil the said treaty so far as the memorialists are.
concerned.
Mr. SEVIER said he had no doubt of the facts
stated in the memorial—that the money had been
squandered by Ross to support him on his throne.
He moved that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs: agreed to.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of "Washington, in favor of the re-
charter of the banks of the District of Columbia;
which was laid on the table, a bill having been re-
ported for the purpose.
Mr. ATHERTON presented a petition from
Lydia Rundlet for a pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Resokep, That the Secretary of "War be instructed
to examine into the drawing and plan of Captain
"W. Calhoun, of Virginia, on the subject of removing
sand-bars in the navigable rivers of the United
States, and to report to the Senate the opinion of
the department on the subject.
Mr. "WOODBURY presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of New Hampshire, asking for a
new post route from Hillsborough Bridge to Fran-
cistown: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. UPHAM presented a memorial from the
heirs of Daniel Bowen, an officer in the revolution-
ary army, for arrears of pension: referred to the
Committee on Pensions. .
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would ask
leave, on to-morrow, to present a joint resolution for
the relief of Mary "W. Thompson.
Mr. WOOPBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill granting to the Great
Western Railway company of Illinois, the right of
way through the public lands; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading, and tlje report accom-
panying to be printed.
COURT MARTIAL AND MACKENZIE.
The resolution of Mr. Tappan calling for the
proceedings of the court martial in the case of Capt.
Alexander Slidell Mackenzie, which was under con-
sideration yesterday, came up again for considera-
tion; and was, on the motion of Mr. TAPPAN, laid
on the table.
THE ASHBURTON TREATY.
The following resolution introduced by Mr.
Archer, on yesterday, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested (if it be not inconsistent with his
views of the public interest) to communicate any
correspondence which may have taken place with
any agent or agents of the government of Great
Britain in relation to the interpretation of the tenth
article of the treaty of August, 1842, known as the
Ashburton treaty, accompanied by information of
any action which may have occured in execution of
this article on the part of the authorities of the United
States.
Mr. KING did not know that there was any ob-
jection to acting on the resolution, (though the mover
of it was not in his seat;) but a word in it should
he altered, before it was adopted. He did not know
that there was any such treaty as the Ashburton
treaty. The treaty of "Washington was the name
by which it should be understood. It might as
well be called the treaty of Daniel Webster as the
Ashburton treaty.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought it had much better
be called the treaty of Lord Ashburton, than the
treaty of Webster.
Mr. KING remarked, that he did not intend to
say it ought to be called either. He thought it
should be called the treaty of Washington, to des-
ignate the place where it was entered into, as was
customary. Mr. K. (Mr. Archer having now ap-
peared in his seat) submitted to that senator the
propriety of altering the phraseology of the reso-
lution in the particular he indicated. There was no
such treaty known to them as the Ashburton trea-
ty. It should read the treaty of Washington.
Mr. ARCHER had no objection to the altera-
tion indicated.
The resolution was modified accordingly.
Mr. ALLEN rose, he said, to make no opposi-
tion to the resolution; on the contrary, he would
cheerfully vote for it; but he rose barely to say that,
if he understood the character of the resolution, it
embraced precisely the same principle as was con-
tained in the one presented by him some days ago,
which was rejected by the Senate because it con-
tained that principle. [Mr. Allen was understood
by the reporter to have allusion to the resolution
making a call on the executive, if, in his opinion, it
did not conflict with the public interest, for all corres-
pondence with the British government since the
Ashburton treaty, on the subject of negotiations
on the Oregon question.] He was gratified at the
return of the Senate to sound principles under the
auspices of the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. ARCHER did not understand to what reso-
lution the senator from Ohio had reference. He
would only say that this resolution was the coun-
terpart to the resolution submitted a few days ago
(and adopted) of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Bexton,] calling for information concerning the
administration of certain provisions of that treaty.
The question was then put on the resolution, and
it was adopted. . . .
The bill from the House making appropriation
for the contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, and for fulfilment of treaty stipulations with
the various Indian tribes, was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Engrossed bill for the relief of. Benjamin Murphy,
of Arkansas, was read the third time and
^The bill to settle the title to the Pea Patch Island
in the river Delaware, came up "! °rder on ite third
reading, and was, on the motion ot Mi. HUN 1 INu-
TON laid on the table.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the previous
orders of the day were postponed and the bill to
direct the transfer to the State of Maryland of the
stock held by the United States in the Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal, on certain conditions, was taken
up, as in committee of the whole, the
pending being the following substitute for
proposed by the Committee on Roads and Canals.
"That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby*
authorized and required to transfer to the State of Mary land
the one million of dollars of stock originally subscribed
by the United States in the 'Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
company,' and the one million five hundred thousand dollars
of stock originally subscribed by the cities of Washington,
Georgetown, and Alexandria, in the District of Columbia,
respectively, in the same company, the said last mentioned
stock being the stock deposited with the Secretary of the
Treasury, by the said cities, under the provisions of the act
of Congress of the-twentieth of May, one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-six, to be held and disposed of by the.
said State, in the same manner, and under the like limitations
and restrictions, as are provided in relation to the United
States by the said act; the said transfers of stock to be mad©
upon the eondition that the State of Maryland shall not, at
any time, be permitted to foreclose the morgages and liens
held by that State on the capital stock and property of the
said company, so as to divest the State of Virginia, individ-
uals, or corporations, of their respective proportions of stock
held or to be held in said company; and shall,moreover, pro-
vide the means,at the charge of the company, and procure the
said canal to be completed to the town of Cumberland, and
put into operation, according to the present plan and esti-
mates, as near as may be, by the first day of January, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty, and thereafter kept in re-
pair, at the cost of the company, the whole length of the
line, from its eastern terminus, in the District of Columbia,
to the town of Cumberland; and also provide for the pay-
ment of the existing debts of the company out of the
profits to be derived from the tolls on the canal; and upon
the further condition that there shall be granted and secured
to the United States, in perpetuity, the right to transport
upon the said canal, through its entire length, if desired, all
such troops, small arms, and camp equipage, as the public
interest may require, free fiom charge, and, in like man-
ner, the free use of said canal for the transportation of
ordnance and ordnance stores in times of war^ and shall
stipulate to maintain and preserve the same equal rate of
tolls at all times, throughout the whole length of the said
canal, from Cumberland to its eastern terminus in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and the said State shall give her assent
to the terms and conditions of this resolution, before the
end of that session of her legls'ature, which is to com-
mence in December of the year one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-four."
Mr. MERRICK said this bill was an old acquaint-
ance of the Senate, and it would not be necessary to
f*o into any detailed explanation of its provisions.
!He would, however, give a brief sketch of it, for the
benefit of senators who did not belong to this body
when the bill was before it heretofore, and to -whom
it was, perhaps, a stranger. It would be recollected
that this Chesapeake and Ohio canal was originally
undertaken as a great national enterprise by the Gc n«
eral Government, and that the States of Maryland
and Virginia had co-operated. In 1828, the govern-
ment authorized a subscription of $1,000,000, and
the State of Maryland subscribed 500,000 dol-
lars, and the State of Virginia two hundred and fifty
thonsand. Under these circumstances the work was
commenced. After it was commenced, the govern-
ment changed its policy , and withdrew all patronage
from works of internal improvement. The State of
Maryland, feeling a great local interest in the com-
pletion of the work, persevered up to January last,
and from time to time appropriated money for the
purpose of carrying it on, until their appropriations
and expenditures, on that account, had amounted to
seven millions of dollars and upwards. A million and
a half was subscribed by the cities of the District, and
four hundred and fifty thousand dollars by individ-
uals. Under these appropriations, the work had ad-
vanced very far towards completion to Cumberland,
one hundred and thirty-four miles being open for
navigation, and but fifty remaining uncompleted; ot
which fifty, some thirty-one and a half, at irregular
intervals, were completed, leaving eighteen and a
half, or thereabouts, of the least difficult sections, to
which nothing had been done. One million six hui -
dred thousand dollars would be required still for tlie
completion of this canal to its terminus at Cumberland;
and $1,400,000 for the payment of the debts which
had been contracted by the company—making about
three millions of dollars that would be required before
it could be made safe or available. The work had
been suspended some three or four years, and it lay
now a dead weight upon Maryland, and was a total
loss to all parties concerned; the stock being worth,
perhaps, not ten cents in the dollar. The proposi-
tion now offered to the consideration of Congress,
was, to allow Maryland to go on and complete the
work, and pay the outstanding debts herself, which
she was willing to do, under these conditions. The
legislature of that State would go forward, and, by
some means or other, provide the necessary funds
to complete the work to Cumberland as speedily as
practicable, provided the stock held by the United
States in that enterprise be given to Maryland—
that State deeming it unfair that she should be at the
expense of completing the work, without the co-
operation of the United States, when the benefit
would accrue to the United States m the form ot
dividends upon the stock. It was proposed that the
