March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. McClernand.
willingness of one portion of the South, at this
moment, and under the circumstances in which we
are placed, to disturb all the pursuits of industry
for the purpose of instituting a vain experiment,
which cannot endure beyond this parenthetical
epoch of our history. We have all much to learn
and to unlearn upon this subject; and when we
shall have passed away, many problems connected
witli it will yet remain to be solved by those who
come after us. Theoretical reasoning, will exhaust
itself in vain attempts to accomplish it, and imper-
fect deductions from statistical tables, however ac-
curately they may be collated, will be equally. falla-
cious. It is the part of wisdom to pause here, and
to profit by the lesson which another year's expe-
rience will afford us. The political darkness which
overshadows us will then have been dispersed, and
"brighter hours will come;" for, whoever may be
"lords of the ascendant," we shall have, for a time
at least, system and stability. The interests of eigh-
teen millions of people are confided to our care
We should not put these to the hazard of vain and
transient experiments. That year's experience will
show lis the defects of the existing system of rev-
enue, if it be defective, and will guide us in the ap-
plication of the remedy. Let us not refuse its aid,
nor be too confident in our own wisdom.
I offer my respectful acknowledgments to the
Senate for the attention with which they have fa-
vored me, and will not further trespass upon their
indulgence.
REMARKS OF MR. HARDIN,
of illinois.
I11 the House of Representatives, Jipril 1, 1844—On the
bill to sell the mineral lands ill the State of Illinois
and in Wisconsin and Iowa Territories.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Cave Johnson to have each tract of land examined
and valued, and not sold unless it brought two-thirds
of its appraised value—
Mr. HARDIN was opposed to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Cavf. Johnson;] and if gentlemen would but exam-
ine the subject, he was satisfied they would concur,
with great unanimity, in support of the bill. This,
he said, although he was aware that members
from the old States seemed to take it for granted, as
a matter of course, that all bills for selling the pub-
lic lands were so many attempts to rob the govern-
ment.
The true history of the matter was this. When
the government purchased these lands, many years
since, a large tract of country in Illinois, Wisconsin,
and Iowa, was reserved from sale as mineral lands.
Lead ore was found scattered over the most of this
region of country, but there was 110 ore found in
one tract out of every twenty. The greater portion
of the mineral tract, as it is termed, is worth noth-
ing except for agricultural purposes. And as some
portion of it was good land for this purpose, and
the miners must have supplies, a very considerable
portion of it was already occupied. These settlers
are not to be blamed for this; for, by the system of
leasing mineral lots which has been adopted by the
government, settlers on these lands were invited and
secured in their occupancy by the government and
its agents. The result was, that tliere were many
good farms on these reserved lands where there was
not a particle of mineral.
For many years the government has had agents
at the mines to lease out mining lots. The practice
was to lease a lot of two hundred feet square to a
miner, and bind him in the contract to work the lot.
When the miner selected his lot, the government
did not find a mine for him; but he had to go to
work and sink his shafts in the ground to find if
there was mineral below. It was a pure experi-
ment, a perfect system of hazard, which was thus
encouraged by the government. The miner dug
down until his money or his hopes gave out. In
nineteen cases out of twenty he sunk a shaft with-
out finding anything, and thus lost his labor and
abandoned his lease by the consent of the agent.
If he found a lead, as it is termed, the government
exacted of him very heavy tolls on his ore, when
the nature of the undertaking is considered.
There is a vefy strong impression prevailing here,
both as to the profits of the miners and the value of
the lands. Nineteen out of every twenty persons
who engage in the mining business lose money or
break altogether. And when a person discovers a
lead, the expense of labor in digging the ore, hauling
to the furnace, smelting, transporting to the riv-
er, commissions aftd freight to a market down a riv-
er barricaded by rapids and ice more than half the
year, were so great that very small profits, if any,
weSe made in the great majority of cases. As to
the value of these lands, they were greatly over-
rated. He considered the farming lands in the
West much the most valuable, and would not o-ive
his district, which had not an ounce of ore in it^for
all the mineral lands in Illinois and the two Territo-
ries. There would be more of the elements of
wealth dug out of his district in the ordinary pur-
suits of agriculture than ever would be disembowel-
ed in the pursuit after ore in the whole mineral
tract. Gentlemen represent this as one of the rich-
est and most valuable lead regions in the world. It
is so, but in a very different manner from what they
imagine. Lead ore is rarely if ever found there in
large and inexhaustible veins, like the coal mines
around Pittsburg or the tin mines of England. It
was to be found scattered in veins or lumps all over
the whole mineral region. And when a lead was
discovered, it was very often entirely worked out in
a few weeks, and the miner had to abandon it and
start off in search of another. This made the whole
tract valuable as a mineral region, but detracted
from the value of each separate lot.
The mines, for a number of years, instead of be-
ing a profit, are an expense to the government.
The government took its rent in lead, which had to
be received by the agent, freighted off and sold; and
the expenses of the agency, "being very considera-
ble, more than consumed the profits.
The system of leasing was not only unprofitable,
but injurious to the land itself. After being dug
full of holes, if a mine is found a temporary furnace
is erected, the wood cut off to smelt the ore, and
after ali the ore which is most easy of acsess is
taken out, and the timber destioycd, the lot is aban-
doned.
These causes have been such as to induce every
Secretary of War and Commissioner of the General
Land Office, for ten years past, to recommend the
sale of these lands. And no man who will examine
the subject can come to a different conclusion from
the one thus recommended.
Some gentleman want these lands examined and
valued by scientific mineralogists, and then set up
and sold for not less than two-thirds of their full ap-
praised value. These lands have all been critically
examined by a competent mineralogist, David Dale
Owen, who was appointed for that purpose by the
government; and if any information is wanted on
that subject, they can order a copy of his report to
be printed. As for a scientific man ascertaining and
assessing the value of each lot, the very idea was
ridiculous to those who know aught of the country.
He could see the appearance of mineral, but whether
there was a lead below worth digging for, can only
be ascertained by digging to the bottom to see.
Such a valuation would be an improved scientific
method of Yankee guessing. The only way to find
out the value of these lands (without actually dig-
ging for the ore) was to put them up to sale to the
highest bidder, as was proposed to be done in the
bill. _
His colleague [Mr. Hoge] had mode some re-
marks in reference to the settlers oa the public lands
being able to protect themselves from speculators, to
which some gentlemen had taken exception. lie
lived in a district where he was not liable to the
same influences as his colleague; but if gentlemen
knew but the facts connected with this subject, they
would not be surprised at the warmth of his colleague
or the feelings of the people m the mining district.
The government had had a parcel of agents there,
of seme of whom, he regretted to say, complaints
had been made by the miners that they were dom-
ineering and tyrannical m their conduct. The leases
expired periodically, and these agents had it in their
power, and, it was said, sometimes did change the
tenants and insist on conditions in the leases which
were unnecessarily burdensome. The settlers were
but tenants at sufferance of the government, and
liable at all times to be harassed, as many of them
actually were, by orders given and suits instituted
by government agents.
It was not in human nature to bear such things
with composure. Why should such a system be
persisted in, when it was a loss to the government
and an oppression to the citizens? Men had gone
to the mining district at the instigation of the gov-
ernment, and, finding mining unprofitable, had
turned their attention to improving and cultivating
the soil. They had built ^themselves houses and
Mi of Reps
made farms. And now it is sagely proposed to
value these lands, in doing which the improvements
must also be valued, and then compel the settler to
pay the government for the very work and improve-
ments he had done himself, or be turned out of his
improvement. Are gentlemen really and seriously
for a measure so unjust and preposterous' There
was an instinctive feeling of right and justice in
every true American heart which rebelled at such a
proposition.
Gentlemen say these latttis roust be again valued,
and different prices affixed to each lot. Why is it
that they now urge this measure? Are they not
aware that m every region of country offered for sale-
by the government, some particular tracts are more
valuable than others? For instance, the high grounds
on our western rivers must necessarily be valuable
town sites. Groves of woodland in our vast prairies
are much more valuable than the surrounding prai-
rie. Bottom lands on the lower Mississippi and its
tributaries, in the cotton-growing region, are much
more valuable than the highlands. Why have not
these been thus valued, and the sale of them forbid-
den unless they brought tlieir appraised value? Are
gentlemen about to adopt a new principle in the
sales of our public lands? Does the honorable gen-
tleman really mean to try to see how many dollars
and cents lie can wring out of those squatters on the
public lands, who have given them an increased
value by the labor and money they have expended
on them? The term "squatter" was not one which
he considered a reproach; and he could inform gen-
tlemen who seemed to have such a pious horror of
squatters, that they were as honest, intelligent, and
virtuous as the constituents of any member 011 that
floor.
It has been considered the settled policy of the
government to dispose of its lands as rapidly as it
could obtain a fair price for them. The proposition
in the bill to expose these lands 10 public sale to the
highest bidder, and then permit those remaining un-
sold to be purchased at the government price, was
but a continuation of that policy. Here was a
region of country in which nine-tenths of the
land is fit for nothing but cultivation, and the
farming land of which was more valuable than
the mineral lands; and are gentlemen prepared
to determine that these lands shall not be sold until
they bring two-thirds, or the full value which may
be placed upon them by government officers? He
trusted the good sense of the House would revolt
against such an infraction of the settled policy of"
the government.
The mineral lands in Missouri had been sold,
under the provisions of a bill similar to this. Al-
though as true a, friend ts the rights of the States as
any man, he was not in the habit of making a boast
of it; but he would call the attention of those who
claimed to be peculiarly State rights men to the con-
dition of this question. When Illinois was admitted
into the Union, it was guarantied to her that sha
should enjoy all the rights and privileges of the
older States. This has not been done. The mine-
ral lands in Missouri, which were similarly situated,
have been sold. I11 Illinois these lands were not
only withheld from sale, but the government of the
Umted States was acting as a great landlord, leasing
the soil to tenants, who held their possessions under
written leases from the government. If such a
course was necessary to carry out any great end of
the government, it might be tolerated, though it
could not be commended. In this instance the sys-
tem adopted was a loss to the government, a serious
injury to the State in preventing the population and
improvement of her territory, and a fruitful source,
of vexation and injustice to the settler. As a rep-
resentative from Illinois, and as a friend to the Ter-
ritories, he demanded that this system, so profitless
to the government, so degrading to the State, and
so unjust to the hardy pioneer, should be discon-
tinued.
SPEECH OF MR. McCLERNAND,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives, March 19, 1844—
On the resolution reported by the Select Com
mittee on the Rhode Island controversy, asking
the House to authorize the committee to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. McCLERNAND proceeded to say:
Mr. Speaker: I would not have desired to ad-
dress the House on the subject under consideration,
but for the fact that, as a member of the committer
