CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a u
for forty or fifty years; which showed that there
was something to negotiate about. Under the ex-
isting convention, some British interests had grown
up, which demanded consideration. Will we now
say that we we will, after inviting negotiation, re-
sist all adjustment, and seize the whole territory?
Would not this look like ostracizing ourselves from
the family of nations? It is not a question as to
any essential right or violation of the law of nations,
involving the existence or the prosperity of this
country; for that does not depend upon whether we
hold all or any part of the Oregon territory. It is
a mere question of property; and that is a fit ques-
tion for settlement by negotiation.
If the view which he (Mr. D.) had taken of this
question was correct, it was not merely the power of
Great Britain to assert what she conceived to be
her rights that was to be considered, but the moral
power of public sentiment. The one could but
waste our substance or destroy our property; the
other would take away our good name.
But, aside from all questions as to controverted
right to this territory, suppose it clear of all diffi-
culty: the question than occurs as to the propriety
of its immediate occupation. This depends on oth-
er circumstances. And here he should be permit-
ted to say that, never was there a country about
which such conflicting opinions and statements had
been promulgated. One class of visiters to that re-
gion represent it as an earthly paradise; another as
a desert waste. He would read an extract from a
western paper, showing what the writer thought
of it.
Here Mr. D. read a long passage from a newspa-
per, comparing the Oregon to Siberia, Botany Bay,
and such places of banishment.
Mr. BREESE asked what paper the senator read
from?
Mr. DAYTON, after concluding the reading of
the passage, said it was from a western newspaper
of extensive circulation—the Louisville Journal,
Kentucky.
Mr. D., at considerable length, argued that we
could not think seriously of making Oregon a State
of this Union; and it never would do to make it a
separate government, the effect of which would be
to pen up 34*3,000 Indians between it and our west-
ern frontier. It would either be the cause of exter-
minating the Indians, or making them a horde of
depredators, or both. To think of making Oregon a
colony, would be at variance with not only all the
policy of this government, but it would be wholly
destitute of the only excuse any country has for
making distant colonies; for we had neither a sur-
plus population nor surplus capital. He could see
nothing else but a colony that Oregon ever could be
to us. Yet, for what good could we keep it as a
colony? What good to us, or to the territory itself?
Certainly none to us; for Oregon would raise agri-
cultural products for itself, and would require 110
supplies from us; and as to its being a market for
our manufactures, that was equally visionary.
Like the colonies of Great Britain, it might involve
us in great expense, for which we never would be
remunerated, and in relation to which we would be
wholly destitute of her excuse for colonizing. Then
as to the territory itself, what advantage would it be
to it, to call us "the mother country?" Mother
country! What had been the experience of the
world as to colonies, but that the mothers treated
the children not as the offspring of their love, but
of their lust? Their unnatmal conduct towards their
offspring generally met with its reward in their way-
wardness and ultimate disclaimer of all parental
authority. Mr. D. entered upon a lengthy review
of the colonial policy of Great Britain, with a view
of showing that, with the exception of British India,
England had invariably lost most more than she
had ever gained by that system. He quoted Mc-
Culloch as authority for the assertion that England
had gamed moie substantial advantages from her
commerce with the United Estates since then inde-
pendence, than she ever could have gained had they
continued under her colonial government.
We had no excuse for this anxiety to possess the
territory, growing out of our want of room at home
for our population. Had we not millions on mil-
lions of acres of unoccupied land, the fertility of
even the meanest of which, contrasted with that of
the best lands in Oregon, was infinitely superior?
Why should we encourage the emigration of our
population to weaken our own strength? Was it
not with nations as with individuals, that concentra-
tion gave power and efficacy? The greatest captain
of the age had well said, that success in military
operations was insured by concentration of force.
So it was in banking. Had it not been seen that four
brothers, bankers m Europe, had for years con-
trolled the moneyed operations of kingdoms and
empires, by adhering to the parental injunction laid
upon them, of concentrating their powefs as bank-
ers? They were told that one stick detatched from
the bundle was easily broken; but united and tied
together, they could not easily be even bent.
Mr. D. next alluded to the objections that had
been urged against the jurisdiction which England
had exercised over the Oregon Territory. It was
not his intention to justify what England had done
in that particular, for it was his own opinion that she
had gone too far, and that she had given to the ex-
isting convention an interpretation which it did not
sanction. Yet it was worth while to examine into the
matter, and inquire what sort of jurisdiction she did
exercise. There were two kinds of jurisdiction—
that in relation to the person, and that in re-
lation to the property of individuals. Eng-
land, although claiming jurisdictisn over her
own subjects, had not attempted to exercise any
jurisdiction over property in the territory; and he
had never heard it urged that it had been exercised
over the territory, or that a single case of ejectment
had occurred there. If the Hudson Bay Company had,
undercover of this jurisdiction, inflicted any wrong
upon our citizens, it was a subject of remonstrance
on the part of our government; and it might turn out
that England would either not father the act of the
Hudson Bay Company, or would punish it for ex-
ceeding the powers delegated to it.
What evidence had we of any injuries or wrongs
growing out of this jurisdiction? None but the ex-
ceedingly questionable representations of wandering
characters—trappers and hunters—urged most likely
by feelings of resentment, generated by rival interests
or disappointed expectations. Was Congress to act
upon such authority without due inquiry, and upon
proper information remonstrating with the govern-
ment of Great Britain? It did not seem to him that
a precipitate mode of prejudging such things was
the proper way to meet supposed wrongs or inju-
ries, even if gentlemen be correct in their assertion
that such outrages have grown out of the jurisdic-
tion assumed by England in the territory.
Here Mr. D. observed, that owing to a hurt he
had lately received, he found it painful to stand
longer, otherwise he would not throw himself on
the indulgence of the. Senate for an adjournment.
On motion of Mr. BATES, it was agreed that
when the Senate adjourned it should be to Monday
next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Fsbruary 23, 1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. ADAMS rose, and said he believed there
was an error m relation to the vote yesterday upon
the motion for suspending the rules to enable the
gentleman from Indiana to introduce a motion fix-
ing the tune of adjournment. The vote, it would
be recollected, was announced as being a tie, and
the Speaker gave his casting vote in the negative.
He understood, however, that the vote of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] had been
wrongly recorded. If that vote had been recorded
according to the intention of the gentleman, the re-
sult would have been very different. The vote of
the House would have been an affirmative vote.
He was desirous that the resolution should be taken
up, and acted upon by the House. The gentleman
whose vote was incorrectly recorded, being now
present, he hoped the correction would be made.
Mr. SLIDELL rose, and moved that the journal
be amended. On the motion to suspend the rules he
had voted affirmatively. He had been called away
before the announcement ot the vote,_ and to his
great surprise this morning, he perceived that his
vote had been recorded in the negative.
Mr. SAUNDERS made some observations which
were not distinctly heard.
Mr. SLIDELL said it appealed to him that his
ri<>-ht to have the journal corrected was a perfect
right, and did not at all affect the course which
might be taken by any other member. Without
such corrcction ho would hn niado. to stand in o.
false position before his constituents.
Mi. RIIETT inquired whether, if the vote of the
gentleman should be changed, the judgment of the
House would be reversed.
The SPEAKER replied that, if the amendment
of the journal were made, the result would undoubt-
edly be a change of the decision made yesterday,
and would bring the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana directly before the House.
Mr. WINTHROP referred to a case which oc-
curred in the second session of the. twenty-sixth
Congress, when his own vote had been corrected
upon the journal, after a lapse of three days, du-
ring which the House had stood adjourned, by
which the result was changed.
Mr. POTTER desired to know what position the
House would stand in, in case the gentleman's vote
were recorded in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER replied that the rules would then
be suspended.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he would not deny that
it might have been the intention of the House yes-
terday to suspend the rules; but the case was very
different to-day: it would interfere with other busi-
ness, which was not before the House when the
motion to suspend was originally made. He would
feel compelled to resist the decision of the Chair
that a suspension yesterday would operate a sus-
pension to-day.
Mr. HOLMES said he confessed, independently
of the mere fact of the gentleman's right to have his
vote correctly recorded, he was opposed to this
mode of proceeding. What would be the result of
establishing such a precedent' It would be fraught
with danger and difficulty.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said the privilege ought,
in his opinion, to be extended to the gentleman to
set himself right. That would not at all interfere
with the mam question. The vote upon the pro-
position of the gentleman from Indiana ought to be
altogether separate and distinct.
The question was then put upon amending the
journal so that the vote of Mr. Slidell, upon the
motion to suspend the rules, should be in the affir-
mative, and was carried.
The SPEAKER then remarked that the question
was decided m the affirmative; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. RATHBUN inquired whether it would be
in order now to move that the whole matter be post-
poned until Tuesday next?
The SPEAKER was understood to say that it
would be ill order.
Mr. BARNARD inquired whether, if the Speaker
were to vote, the result would not be different'
The SPEAKER replied that, in the opinion of
the Chair, he had no right now to vote, inasmuch
as there was no longer a tie; the vole being now 109
ill the affirmative, ar.d 53 in the negative. And even
if he should vote, it would not affect the result.
Mr. RHETT said he understood the decision of
the Chair to be that, by the change of the vote of the
gentleman from Louisiana, the judgment of the
ilouse yesterday was now reversed; and that the
House had no power whatever to set its own judg-
ment right. From this opinion he would be com-
pelled to appeal. The Speaker acted not for himself
alone, but for the House; and the judgment pro-
nounced by him was not an individual judgment,
but that of the House; and if the change of a single
vote were to be allowed to reverse that decision, it
was a good reason why the subject should be taken
up again, and reconsidered. The vote was far from
being a full vote, as about sixty members were ab-
sent; and .it would operate as a very great injury to
them, if there could be no reconsideration. The
state of the question to-day was not what it was
yesterday; and although the gentleman ought, m
courtesy, to have leave to change his vote, yet he
protested against the result which would attend that
change, under the decision of the Speaker.
Mi. J. R. 1NGRSOLL begged to add a word.
It would be recollected that when the vote was an-
nounced, the whole House was under a mistake" in
regard to it. , .
Mr. STEENROD moved a reconsideration ol the
vote on suspending the rules; and, after some iiu-
ther remarks from Messrs HENLEY, LEWIS,
and RHETT,
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table, and called for the yeas and nays
on the question; which, being ordered, resulted in
yeas 64, nay 108—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Atkinson, Barnard. Belser, Edward J,
Black, Blackwell, Brvnglc Jacob Brmkerhoit. Biodh<*?d,
Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. ( hapman, < hni-
pell, Clinton, Cobb, llichard D. Davis, Dean, Dickcy,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Foot, Foster. Giddmgs, B5 ram Green,
Grinnell, Hamlin, Hammett, Harahon, Hay*., Hernd.,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Hughes, Joseph 11 Ingersoll,
John F. Kennedy, Preston King. Lewis, McKaj, Maish,
