March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Mc Clemand,
H. of Reps.
by which a free constitution can be maintained to be
iiimpious and heretical," especially the doctrinc that
"all civil authority is derived from the people."
And while Dorr is now being exhibited as a specta-
cle in the felon's box in the high court of Rhode
Island upon a similar charge of treason, the learned
doctors of the federal school on this floor are de-
nouncing the right of the people to self-government
as "lawless, criminal, revolutionary, and agrarian, and
him as a uconspirator and robberThe cases are
analogous; the only difference is, that the theatre of
one tragedy was in England—in a monarchy, when
liberty, in her infancy, was making her first throes
to sunder the bonds of despotism; the other m a re-
public, based on (he will of the people, whose proud-
est boast is that liberty, under its auspices, flourishes
Di the strength and vigor of manhood. But, sir,
actual military force was employed to suppress the
people's government. The chartists, it appears
from their pay-roll, had a force of four thousand
men in the field, armed and equipped, and amply
provided with artillery. This force was in the pay
of the charter government, and consisted of whites
and negroes; and, countenanced by the presence of a
considerable detachment of the United States troops
which had been concentrated in the State from sev-
eral posts, were enabled to override and trample
down the authorities of the people. In the account
of their proceedings, I find the following to be one
of the evidences of their domination:
Orders No. 54 Headquarters, &c.. June 28, 1S42. The
village of Chepachet and post ot the1 mswarnts were itotwed
at a quarter before $ o'clock in the morning, and taken,
with about me hundred prisoners.
The charge, therefore, that the people's govern-
ment was suppressed by force, is made good. It is
equally true, as charged in the memorial, that a riot
act was resorted to, to carry forward their unholy
crusade against the rights of the people. This act
(a refinement upon British tyranny in the most
gloomy days of that monarchy, and worthy only of
a place upon the bloody code of Draco) prohibited
the people from peaceably assembling to consult
with a view to the common good, upon the penalty
of being shot down as beasts of prey* A chartist
magistrate had only to order the people to disperse,
to justify him in causing them to be slaughtered; no
respite was allowed—no time for compliance on the
part of the people.
So, also, with regard to the charge of martial law.
It is a well-known fact, that the law of arms, inex-
orably enforced, was the supreme law of the State.
The military was placed above the civil authorities;
and under the triumph of this grim and terrible des-
potism, the blood of unoffending McKelby was
shed, the citizens of other States were kidnapped,
private dwellings %ere forced, females insulted, the
public arsenals turned against the people, and the
people themselves, on one occasion, to the number of
some two hundred, captured, shackled, and exhibit-
ed through the public streets, and some of them
thrown into prison, there to remain for months.
Martial iaw—which is the substitution of force
for civil authority; which is, in fact, the abrogation
of all law—reigned supreme; and these were the
practical illustrations of the beautiful theories of the
"law and order party" of Rhode Island. God save
the mark!
But, sir, passing on, what aro the matters in dis-
pute between the democrats and chartists of Rhode
Island? It becomes necessary to make this inquiry,
in order that we may judge coriectly of the merits
and demerits of the contending parties—that we
may be enabled to do them justice.
I find, sir, from an examination of the subject,
that the cause of the controversy was a desire, fol-
lowed up by an effort, on the part of the democra-
cy, to supersede the charter government of Rhode
Island by one framed conformably to the republi-
can standard prescribed by the federal constitution;
and a corresponding desire and effort, on the part
of the chartists, to retain the charter government—
in a word, an antagonism on the form and character
of government. The history of the controversy
may be briefly stated as follows:
In 1663, Charles II, King of England, grant-
ed the charter under which the late government of
Rhode Island was organized. lie granted it, ac-
cording to its terms, to certain of his "trusty and
well-beloved subjects;" and, for the purpose of
imparting life and motion to the corporation,
appointed, of his "royal will," Benedict Arnold
governor of the corporation; also, a lieutenant
governor, and ten assistants, who, together with a
specified number of persons to be chosen penodi- ,
eally by the freemen of the company, were charged
with the management of its business; for it was
nothing more than a mere landed corporation.
[Here Mr. Cranston asked what Benedict Ar-
nold was referred to. Mr. McC. said, not the one of
revolutionary memory.]
The right of suffrage is restricted by the charter
to such persons as the company, by their constituted
authorities, shall admit to be members and freemen
of the company. None others, although required
to pay taxes, and to do military duty, are permitted
the right. This restriction of suffrage, together
with the increase of population, had so widened the
disproportion of the freemen, and 11011-freemen, ac-
cording to the classification of the people, that, in
1841, the general assembly was elected and con-
trolled by a number of towns containing less than
one-third of the population of the State. Tn some
instances, the inequality was extreme; as, for ex-
ample, the town of Portsmouth, with 1,700 inhabi-
tants, elected the same number of representatives as
the city of Providence with 23,172 inhabitants. Three
agricultural tswns whose united population amounted
to but 1,805, elected the same number of representa-
tives as three other agiicultural towns whose popula-
tion amounted to 18,848. This inequality of represent-
ation and unjust and degrading restriction of suffrage,
had heen a rause of dissatisfaction and complaint
for near forty years before open collision took place
between the two parties. In 1811, a bill to extend
the right of suffrage to all who paid taxes, or per-
formed military duty, was passed by a democratic
Senate, but was lost in a chartist liouse of Repre-
sentatives.
In ]829-'34-'40, and '41, the people in various
ways repeated their appeals to the charter authori-
ties in favor of the extension of the right of suf-
frage and a free constitution, but in vain. Their
supplications were not heard, but were, treated with
contempt. Despairing of all hope of obtaining jus-
tice at the hands of their oppressors, they finally
elected a convention to do themselves what other-
wise could not be done. In October, 1841, this con-
vention met, and after making some progress in their
business, adjourned to meet again in November
after, when they finished theii labors, and submit-
ted the draft of a constitution to the people for then-
adoption or rejection. The vote of the people was
accordingly taken upon it; and on the 12th of Jan-
uary after, the convention again met, when they pro-
ceeeed to count the votes for and against the proposed
constitution, the count showed the whole number of
votes given in by American male citizens of full
age, and permanent residence or home in the State,
in favor of the adoption of this constitution, to be
13,944, being a majority of the whole number of
Amcncan male citizens of full age and permanent
residence or home m the State, of 4,746. They al-
so declared that, of the whole number of voters,
(13,944,) 4,960 were legally qualified freemen. Up.
on this result, the convention proclaimed this con-
stitution to be the paramount law of the State, and
recommended the early nomination of officers un-
der it.
They also communicated the above result, to-
gether with a copy of the people's constitution, to
the Governor of the State; which, upon being laid be-
fore the general assembly, was rejected by a large
majority.
The people having thus framed for themselves a
constitution, proceeded next to organize a govern-
ment under it. For this purpose, they held a State
convention at Providence in Februan , 1842, and
nominated general, district, and county officers, for
election on Monday, the 18th day of April, 1842.
The election took place, and a practical operative
government was organized, with Thomas W, Dorr
at the head as Governor of the State.
It is a fact to be observed in this connection, that
the people's constitution was not only adopted by a
majority of the whole voting population of the State,
but also by a majority of those qualified to vote un-
der the charter government.
The majority of these, calculated upon the basis
of the vote in the presidential election of 1840,
which was the largest ever polled m the State, was
1,298.
Whilst these events were transpiring on the part
of the people, the chartists, seeing that the force of
public opinion was about to bear them down, resort-
ed tofa new device to avert their overthrow. After
having previously proposed a constitution them-
selves, for the adoption of a limited number of the
people, they removed several of the restrictions
imposed in connexion with its adoption, and finally,
at an adjourned convention in February, 1842, up-
on a more enlarged basis of suffrage, submitted
their constitution to those authorized to vete under
it, to be* voted for in March after—which was
voted down; and in September after, in pursuance
of the call of the charter legislature, and under the
constraint of martial law, held another convention^
frame another constitution; the vote in favor of.
which, as appears by the election in November af-
ter, was 7,024—being 52 votes less than one-half of
the number polled for the "people's constitution,"
and about one-third of the voting population of the
State—the residue refusing, under the circumstan-
ces, to vote at all.
* The existing government of Rhode Island is the
same which was organized under this constitution.
It is a government founded in usurpation, and sup-
ported by force; and although, in some respects,
more liberal than the old charter government, is
yet liable to many strong objections. It is objec-
tionable, among other things, because it regards
the elective franchise as an incident of property, and
not the right of man—because it sets the landholder
over the chattel holder, and both these over the nat-
uralized citizen.
Thus, sir, I have given a brief history of the
Rhode Island controversy. I have done so, be-
cause, as I have before said, it is necessary to a just
appreciation of the merits of the controversy; be-
cause it is necessary to disabuse the public mind
with regard to the foul and premeditated charges
which have been made against the democracy of
that State. It brings to view the principal events of
a continuous struggle, for a period of forty years,
to ameliorate the condition of the masses, exhib-
iting on one side the grinding tenacity of power,
and on the other the Christian sympathies of liberty;
and finally, when further forbearance on the part of
the people became criminal, the painful tragedy of
the triumph of might over right, and the few over the
many, and this, too, in a country of boasted liberty
and free institutions.
All that remains to mitigate the enormity of the
whole transaction, is the reflection that tyranny,
though triumphant in violence, was yet constrained to
yield something-to human rights, under the new con-
stitution, by the force of public opinion. Force might
overcome force, but it could not entirely overcome
truth.
The/arts being stated, I pass on to consider the
principles involved. And here I must say, that
I have been more than surprised by the very extra-
ordinary and anti-republican doctrines advanced by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Caleb Smith.] He
denies to a majority of the people in Rhode Island
the right to change their government. He certainly
does not mean that a minority possesses the right,
and yet, if neither a majority nor minority pos-
sesses the right, there is no power anywhere to
change it, unless it be by theuniversal consent of the
whole people; which, in the nature of things, never
could be obtained.
The doctrine advanced, therefore, is a virtual de-
nial of all power m the people to change their form
of government, however vicious and oppressive it
mi°ht be. Principles so despotic, I am sure, will
find no favor in a country, the institutions of which
are based on the consent of the people, and the gov-
erning power of majorities. It may find favor
among the advocates of arbitrary and irresponsible
governments: it may serve to vindicate the despotic
theories of "divine right," and that "kings can do
no wrong;" but certainly, I repeat, it will be scouted
in a government of the people.
But let us examine the consistency of the gentle-
man's argument. He denies the right of the major-
ity to change their form of government; butin doing
so, he asserts the right of a minority to govern the
majority. For example, in the present case, by de-
nying the right to a majority to change the govern-
ment, he asserts the right of a minority to govern
the majority under the established institutions.
Nay, more. He not only subjects the majority to
the control of the minority, but he asserts the right
of one man to control all the balance of the people
of the State, by giving him an absolute negative
upon any proposition to change the government.
The gentleman's argument is like the Yankee's gun,
which killed at both end?. For the purpose of
strengthening his position, he says* "If you concede
the right claimed to a majority, there can be no sta-
bility in government; it will be subjected to all
the changes of opinions and parties." As regards
this objection, it may be answered that all authentic
governments a,re the reflection—the
