330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Mc Clernand.
March, 1844.
H. of Reps.
public opinion. The will of the people constitutes
its moral power and effective force; and it is not a
government of the people, if it is independent of the
opinions of the people. I would have it subject to
the influence of the opinions of the people—liable to
be changed or abolished as the people might will it;
and this, too, upon the principle that "the people
are capable of self-government," and are the best
and only proper judges of the form of government
most conducive to their interests.
Jefferson says:
It is not only the right, but the duty of those now on the
stage of action, to change the laws and institutions of gov-
ernment, to keep pace "with the progress of knowledge, the
light of science, and the amelioration of the condition of so-
ciety. Nothing is to be considered unchangeable but the
inherent and inalienable rights of man.
And above all, it is laid down in the declaration of
independence that—
All experience has shown that mankind are more dis-
posed to suffer, while evils are suff'erable, than to right
themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are ac-
customed.
Again: it is objected, on the majority principle,
that whenever a majority of the people of a county
choose to withdraw from the general compact, and
establish a government for themselves, they might
do so. This by no means follows.
Justice Story, in his commentaries on the con-
stitution, says, "that no right exists or is supposed to
exist on the part of any town or county, or any or-
ganized body within the State, short of the whole
people of the State, (meaning a majority of the peo-
ple, as I will show hereafter by further quotations
from the same source,) to alter, suspend, resist, or
disown the operations of (that) its constitution, or
to withdraw themselves from its jurisdiction."
Again, he says* "it is certain that a right of the mi-
nority to withdraw from a government and to over-
throw its powers has no foundation in just reason-
ing."—Story's Commentaries, volume 1, pages 303,
305, 306. These authorities will be sufficient to put
this point at rest. But the gentleman from Indiana,
in his eagerness to find fault with the democracy
of Rhode of Island, does not seem to know that the
chartists, his political fiiendsin that State, have not
left him a leg to stand on in the argument he has
made. As before observed, he has denied the right
of a majority (and, if I understood him, any num-
ber less than all) pf the people of that State to change
the old government; yet it is a fact that less than a
majority have changed it. So here we have fact against
theory; and it is said theory yields to fact. In justi-
fying, therefore, the conduct of the chartists, he
overthrows his own argument. Re is equally un-
fortunate in denouncing the democracy of Rhode
Island as jacobins and agraiians, for if it is jacobin-
lcal and agrarian for aniajonty to establish a gov-
ernment to their own liking, it is no less so for a
minority to do the same thing.
The last refuge of the friends of the chartists on
this floor is verified m the resolutions adopted by
the charter legislature at its January s^sion m 1842,
rejecting the people's constitution, the preamble of
winch reads as follows:
Whereas a portion of the people of this State, without the
forms of law, have undertaken to form find establish a con-
stitution of government for the people of this State, and have
declared such constitution tu bo the supreme law, and
have communicated such constitution unto this general as-
sembly; and whereas many of the good people of th.s State
are in danger of being milled by these informal proceedings;
therefore, &c.
The plain English of winch la this; that it was
not competent for the people of Rhode Island to
change their government without the consent of the
legislature or the authority of laic. This objection
implies the sovereignty of government and the subordi-
nation of the people, for if the people were sovereign,
there would be no necessity to obtoin the consent of
government, before they would be allowed to change
it. This political heresy, fit only for the meridian
of despotism, T propose to examine and expose.
Mr. Burke, in his celebrated attack upon the
French revolution, advanced the same doctrine; and
it is perhaps from'him that gentlemen in the opposi-
tion have borrowed the idea of the sovereignty and im-
mutability of government, as, m imitation ofhim, they
hare also attacked the democratic principle of that
revolution.
Mr. Burke denied the right of the people of Eng-
land "to frame a government for Themselves," aiid
insisted "that they would resist the practical asser-
tion of the right with their lives and fortunes;'" which
means that the people would sacrifice both life and
fortune, not to maintain their rights, but to main- :
tain they have no rights. I
To establish this paradox, he quotes an act of the
British Parliament, by which "the Lords spiritual
and temporal and Commons, in the name of the peo-
ple &c., most humbly and faithfully submit themselves,
their heirs and posterity for ever" to the reigning
sovereigns William and Mary, "and their heirs and
posterity." Upon this foundation he contends
that the government is above the people, and
cannot be changed or modified by them. As
monstrous and absurd as this doctrine is, yet
it falls short of the enormity of the doctrine
here set up. Mr. Burke admitted that, prior to
the passage of this act, the people of England were
competent to the control of the government; but
here it is contended, in the absence of any such act
by the charter legislature, that the people are not
competent to the same thing. So it appears that the
American advocates of British monarchy outvie its
own parasites—they out-Herod Herod. "Without
the reason, they would imitate the example of what
they denominate "the most stupendous fabric of hu-
man wisdom the world has ever produ^pd." All of
these false theories (the cunning devices of despot-
ism) are happily exploded in this country. Gov-
ernments either arise out of the people, or over the
people; the first are founded in right, the other in
might. As the people are competent to make the
first, upon the principles of reason and natural law,
they are equally competent to unmake-them. By
consent they are brought into existence, and by con-
sent they are taken out of existence. The power of
the government consists in the will of the people;
without that will it has no power, and consequently
ceases to be a government; and so with regard to the
constitution of government, which, coming from the
people, may be abolished by them.
As to the latter description of governments, those
which are established by force being wrongful in
their inception, time cannot give them validity; nor
are the people bound, either by propriety or duty,
to obey them contrary to their will. It would be
strange, indeed, to say that a people should go to a
government founded m the usurpation of their rights,
to ask it to secure those rights. The idea involves a
contradiction. Then, whether the government of
Rhode Island was a rightj'ul or wrongful government,
so to speak, it was neither sovereign, nor were the
people dependent upon its consent to enable them
to abolish it.
Justice Iredell, of the Supreme Court of the
United States, in speaking of the difference be-
tween the principles of the European governments
and those of our own, 3d vol. Elliot's Debates,
says:
Our Efowrnmcnt is founded on much noblei prineiples.
The peoph- are known with certainty to have originated it
themselves. Those m power are their servants and agents;
and the people, without thin ronsent, may remodel the gov-
ernment whenever they think proper, not merely because
it is oppressively exercised, but because they think another
form mot e conducive to their welfare."—Story's Coiiiinenla-
t ies, tnl. 1, p. 326
James Wilson, a member of the federal conven-
tion of 1787, and justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States, in his published writings, says:
The people may change the constitution whenever and
howevei the\ please. This is a right of which no positive
institution can deprive them.
These important truths, sir, are far from being meiely
speculotive, We at this moment speak and deliberate un-
der their immediate and benign influence. To the opera-
tion of these truths, we are to ascribe the scene, hitherto
unparalleled, which America now exhibits to the world—a
gentle, a peaceful, a voluntary, and a deliberate transition
from one constitution of government to another— from the
confederation to the constitution of the United States. 
IVthons H'<>iki,rol 8, p. '293
Mr. Paine, in his Essay on the Rights of Man,
p. 184, soys:
GovernrMont bos no right to make itself a party in any de-
bute respecting the p)i/viphs or /nodes ol forming or of
constitutions. It is not for the benefit of those
who exerciso the powers of government, that constitutions
and the gov ernments issuing from them are established. In
all those matters, the Tight of judging and acting are m
those who pay, and not those who receive.
Again, he says:
A constitution is the property of a nation, and not of those
who exercise the government.
Again, p. 185, he says:
The laws which are enacted by governments, control
men only 3S individuals; but the nation, through its consti-
tution, controls the whole government, and has a natural
ability so to. Thr final controlling power, therefore, and the
dinutal constituting power, are one and the same power.
Mr. Lock, m lus work "on civil government,"
page 317, says:
The commumtu perpetually retains a supreme power of sav-
ing themselves from the attempts and designs of any body,
even of their legislators. whenever they shall be so foolish, or
so ivicked as to lay and carry out designs against the liberties
and properties of the subject, for no man, 01 society of men,
having a power to deliver up their preservation, or, conse-
quently, the means of it, to the absolute will and arbitrary
dominion of another, whenever any one shall go about to
bring them into such a slavish condition, they will always
have a right to preserve what they have not a power to part
with, &c.
This was the condition of the mass in* Rhode
Island. They were taxed, and yet were not allowed
to vote. They were enslaved, because they were
governed ioithouty and even against, their consent. The
burdens of government were their lot; its honors
and rewards the franchises of the favored few. If
they had forborne longer, under their accumulated
wrongs, to strike for liberty, they would have less
deserved it.
It is said, however that forms must be observed—
as if right consisted in forms, and not in substance!
—and, upon this principle, it is contended that, if a
particular mode be prescribed by the constitution of
a State for changing or amending the constitution, it
must be followed. Unluckily for those who hold
this opinion, it happens that no mode was prescribed
by the fundamental law of Rhode Island for that
purpose: so, therefore, the argument makes no more
for them than against them. But, sir, even if there
had been, I deny the authority of the argument.
The fact that the people, in framing a constitution,
have prescribed a stated mode for changing it, does
not debar them from adopting another, in-their dis-
cretion; for, as sovereignty is absolute and illimita-
ble, they may, in the exercise of the same sovereign-
ty by which they adopted one mode, adopt another.
Mr. Madison, speaking of the alleged defect of
the powers the convention of 1737, which framed
the federal constitution, says:
They (the members of the convention) must have re-
flected that, in all great changes of established governments,
foims ought to give way to substance, that a rigid adherence
in such cases to the former, would render nominal and nu-
gatory the transcendent and precious right of the people to
abolish or alter this government, as to them shall seem most
likely to effect their safety and happiness, since it is impos-
sible for the people spontaneously and universally to move
in concert towards their object; and it is therefore essential
that such changes be instituted by ?ome infoimal and xmaii-
thouzed propositions, made by some patriotic and respecta-
ble citizen or number of citizens. They must have recol-
lected that it was by this irregular and assumed privilege of
proposing to the people plans for their safety and happiness,
that the States were first united against the danger, with
which they were threatened by their ancient government;
that committees and congresses were formed for concentra-
ting their efforts, and defending their rights, and that con-
ventions were elected in the several States for establishing
the constitutions under which they are now governed. Nor
could it have been forgotten that no little ill-timed scruples,
no zeal for adhering to ordinary forms, were anywhere
seen, except m those who wished to indulge, under these
masks, their secret enmity to the substance contended for.—
Fedtruhst. No. 40.
James Wilson, before cited, says:
Permit me to mention one great principle, the vital princi-
ple I may well call it, which diffuses animation and vigor
through all the others. The principle I mean is this—that
the supreme or sovereign power of the society resides in
the citizens at large, and that, therefore, they always retain
the right of abolishing, altering, or amending this constitu-
tion, at whatever time, and in whatever manner, they shall
deem it expedient. Vol. 1, p. 17.
As to the people, however, m whom the sovereign power
resides: from their authority the constitution originates; in
their hands it is as clay m the hands of the potter; they
hdve the nght to mould, to preserve, to improve, to refine,
and to finish it as they plesse. If so, can it be doubted that
they have the right likewise to change it?— Vol. 1 vn°*
4)0. 1 *
Judge Stsry, speaking of the declaration of inde-
pendence, says:
"It was not an act done by the Stat*1 governments then
org,mi7ed, nor hv persons chosen by them. It \*as em-
phatically the act of the whole people of the united colo-
nies, by the instrumentality of their representatives chosen
for that among other purposes. It was ail oet not compe-
tent to the State governments, or any of them, as organi7ed
under their charters, to adopt Those charters neither con
templated the case, nor provided for it. It was an act of ori-
ginal inherent sovereignty by the people themselves; reeult-
1116! from their right to change the form of goi eminent and
to institute a new government whenever necessary for their
safety and happiness."— Story's Com. on the Constitution, vol.
], page 198.
Judge Story, commenting on the origin and pro-
ceedings of the convention which formed the first
general government for the colonies, says:
In some of the legislatures of the colonic*, which were
then in session, delegates were appointed by the popular,
or representative branch; and in other cases they were ap-
pointed by conventions of the people in the colonies. The
convention of delegates assembled on the 4th of September,
1774; and having chosen officers, they adopted certain fun-
damental rules for their proceedings.
Thus was organized-under the auspices, and with the
consent of the people, acting directly, in their primary
sovereign capacity, and without the intervention of the
functionaries, to whom the ordinary powers oi government
