congressional globe.
lit
sideration of private bills; and the following having
been considered, were laid aside to be reported:
A bill for the relief of James C. Hallock.
A bill for the relief of Thompson Hutchinson.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones and others.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Harrison.
A bill for the relief of Enoch McDaniel.
A bill for the relief of James Reid.
A bill for the relief of William Ellery.
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Success.
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Folger.
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Tuck.
A bill for the relief of William Augustus Atlee.
A bill for the relief of George M. Jones.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Dean.
A bill for the relief of Isaac Fessenden.
A bill for the relief of Jervis Foote.
A bill for the relief of Alborne Allen.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bonnel.
A bill for the relief of Frederick Hopkins.
A bill for the relief of John Farnham.
A bill for the relief of Arthur R. Frogge.
A bill for the relief of Levi Colmus.
A bill for the benefit of Joseph Watson.
A bill for the relief of Isaac Justice.
A bill for the relief of Levi Eldridge.
A bill for the relief Adam L. Mills.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Grant, Sarah Grant,
Israel P. Stone, and Emily Pinkham, owners of the
fishing schooner Jane and Mary, of Cape Porpoise,
Maine.
A bill for the relief of Robert G. Ward.
A bill for the relief of Walcott A. Strong and
Pierre S. Derbanne.
A bill granting a pension to Milley, an Indian wo-
man of the Creek nation.
A bill for the relief of George Wallis.
A bill for the. relief of Sarah Parker, widow of
Jonathan Parker.
A bill for the relief of Henry Freeman.
A bill to authorize the entry of certain lands, oc-
cupied by branch pilots of the port of New Orleans,
and others in the State of Louisiana.
A bill for the relief of John Reese.
A bill for the relief of Simeon Denison.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Dunham.
A bill for the relief of Louis Crouk, alias Cronk-
hite.
A bill granting a pension to Richard Elliot.
On motion by Mr. VANCE, the committee rose
and reported progress.
The bill from the Senate for the relief of Benja-
min Murphy, was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WELLER,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. RAMSEY: The memorial of Thomas
Bingham of Philadelphia, private in the late war,
for his monthly pay.
By Mr. SMITH of Illinois: The petition of 78
citizens of Perry and adjoining counties, Illinois,
praying a change in the mail-route from Shawnee-
town to Bellville.
By Mr. HENLEY: The petition of John J. Mul-
ligan, asking a pension: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. BR1NKERHOFF- The petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, and stockholders of the Mansfield and
Sandusky city railroad company, praying to bo,al-
lowed to import the iron for said road free of duty.
By Mr. BOSSIER: The petition and other docu-
ments of Messrs. 0. L. Swayze and John L. Gar-
rett, praying that their titles to lands therein de-
scribed be perfected and legalized by an act of Con-
gress; and that the government relinquish all title
thereto: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DUXLAP presented the following resolution
from the "Maine Temperance Union-"
Resolved, That the object of the memorials on the
subject of the spirit rations of the navy, now in gen-
eral circulation, which pray for^ the repeal of that
law, and recommend th<it a substitute be furnished,
meets the hearty approbation of the Maine '1 cn'i-
perance Union: referred to the Committee on Isaval
Affaire.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 24,1844.
The announcement of the appomtmenw by the
Speaker to supply the vacancies in committees hav-
ing been incorrectly made, we give them here as
made by the presiding officer:
Foreign Affairs.—Mr. Hammett, vice Mr. Gilmer
resigned.
Judiciary.—Mr. Douglass, vice Mr. Wilkins re-
signed.
Naval Affairs.—Mr. Herrick, vice Mr. Wise re-
signed.
THE RULES OP THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER announced the business for the
morning hour to be the report of the Select
Committee on the Rules, on which the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] had the floor.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose and said, that yes-
terday he announced his intention to withdraw
his proposition to recommit the report of the
Select Committee on the Rules, which has been
so long pending, with the view of offering an
amendment, which he proposed now to do. He did
not propose, this morning, to do more than- submit
the amendment, and to ask that it might be printed,
that the House might understand it; and then to
move a postponement of the subject to some future
morning. On Monday morning he understood this
subject would not come up, as that day would be
occupied with petitions or resolutions; but on Tues-
day it might come up. This motion proposed to
strike out all the report of the Select Committee after
the words llviva voce," in rule No. 13, and to substi-
tute the amendment which he had prepared.
He desired that the Clerk would read his amend-
ment; but as it appeared to embrace nearly all the
rules of the House, the reading was waived.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then, having submitted his
•amendment, moved a postponement of the further
consideration of the subject to Tuesday next.
Mr. BARNARD said he should like to hear the
amendment read before he voted on it ill any way.
Mr. BRODI-IEAD, too, expressed a wish to know
how the 25th rule now stood.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and the House would find that he had
substantially retained that rule, for it was but slightly
changed in its phraseology.
The Clerk read the rule as the gentleman from
Virginia proposed it should stand, as follows:
"No petition, memorial, resolution, or other pa-
per, touching the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
tiict of Columbia, or in any State or Territory of the
United States, or praying the interference of Con-
gress in any way with the transfer or removal of
slaves from or to any State or Territory of the
United States in which slavery is authorized by
law, shall be received by this House, or entertained
by it in any way whatever."
Mr. DROMGOOLE again remarked that it was
substantially the same as the 21st rule.
After a few words from Mr. WINTHROP,
Mr. CAMPBELL suggested an amendment to
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he could not now de-
cide what modifications he should make; but if the
House would direct his amendment to be printed,
the members would have time to consider it, and to
suggest amendments, which could be considered
when the entire subject should come up. He re-
newed his motion to postpone until Tuesday, and
that the amendment be printed.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, at the request of various
gentlemen, entered into some explanations of the
amendments which lie proposed to make.
Mr. ADAMS also made some observations there-
on, but in so low a tone of voice as to be almost
inaudible at the reporter's desk. He was, however,
understood to complain that the amendment of fehe
gentleu\i?n from Virginia would sweep away the re-
sult of the labors the Select Committee; for, as he
understood it, it was to strike out all from the 13th
rule, to the end of the rules, which were fifty in
number. He also spoke of some particular effects
which would be produced by the amendments of
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. DROMGOOLE explained.
Mr. SCHENCK asked what would be the effect
of the previous question; and whether it would not
cut off the motion to postpone, and bring the House
to a direct vote on the pending amendment.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that such
would be its effect.
Mr. SCHENCK said he had a word or two to
say before he submitted that motion. Tt would af-
ford him great pleasure and satisfaction to hear tha
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] or his
venerable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr- Adams,]
deliver their views on the subject before the House;
but it had occupied its attention for weeks—-he ought
say months—and he had been waiting for a fit-
ting opportunity to make the motion which he now
proposed to submit; and a mo/e fitting opportunity,
he was of opinion, would not again occur, to judge
from the manifestations of the desire of gentlemen
to obtain the floor to speak on this 21st or 25th rule.
He had not occupied the attention of the House
upon this subject because he was uninterested in the
debate which had been progressing, but because he
deemed it a matter about which a discussion, if not
altogether unprofitable, was at least unnecessary.
He believed that the people of this country Had
made up their minds upon the subject, and that they
would prefer to see the House act upon it, and es-
tablish what were to be the rules of the House, and
then go on with some efficient action as regards le-
gislation. The House ought, by this time, to have
determined what should be the rules, under the con-
trol of which the business of the House should
progress. And in oWer that his position might not
be misunderstood with regard to this rule, he would
say that lie would vote against the rules in any shape
in which they might be presented, if this 21st or
25th rule, or any similar one, were embodied; and
he would vote against such rule, and in favor of the
others, if the question could be so divided.
The SPEAKER remarked that the question be-
fore the House was upon the motion to postpone.
Mr. SCHENCK said he was merely assigning
reasons why the House should not postpone the
subject, but being prepared, should come to a vote
upon it; and one reason he was going to assign was,
that there was nothing in the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia which required any further
reflection, or new discussion, for there was no dis-
tinctive feature between the rules as they now stand,
and those proposed by the gentleman. They were
in no degree changed in any of their character-
istics; he could not see whether the twenty-first
rule, as the gentleman shaped it, was tweedle-dum or
tweedle-dee. They had now an opportunity of vo-
ting; and he, for one, was prepared. The 21st rule
was making abolitionists in his section of the coun-
try every day, and he was desirous to arrest its in-
fluence. The people, when they saw petitions turn-
ed away from the doors of Congress, and came to
consider the question of the right of petition,
did not look into Hatsel; they held that it was aright
incident upon the relation between rulers and the
people.
Mr. HALE called the gentleman to order.
Mr. SCHENCK said his course of remark was ir-
regular; he would not pursue it. He would remark
simply, that he -saw no reason why Jthey should
continue, day after day, and week after week, and
month after month, debating a question, which, if
they looked at the action of past sessions, it would
be perceived had been discussed repeatedly and
thoroughly.
It must be fresh in the recollection of every one,
that not long since, when a question of the utmost
importance to the whole country was before the
House, it was thought not unfair by the majority to
prescribe how long that debate should continue, and
on what day it should be terminated. If it was
right, in that case, to limit the continuance of the
discussion, it assuredly was equally so in this. Gen-
tlemen must surely be prepared, by this time, to vote
upon the question.
Mr. SCHENCK was again called to order.
He had been charged with being inclined to dis-
order, but he thought the Chair would do him the
justice to say, that he was not wandering from the
question. He was endeavoring to show that the
subject ought not to be postponed. If there was
propriety in calling the previous question upon the
occasion he had mentioned, there was much more
reason now, why this question should be no longer
postponed. It was preposterous to say, that the
debate upon questions of great magnitude in the re-
sult of which the whole country was interested,
should be limited by the previous question, and that
it could not he applied to a question upon which all
must be prepared to vote. He demanded the pre-
vious question, but withdrew the demand for a
momentat the request of Mr. Holmes, upon the as-
surance of that gentleman that he would renew the
demand when he had concluded his remarks.
Mr. HOLMES said he understood the motion
before the House was to postpone the subject, and
