332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Stetson.
H. of Reps.
Caleb B. Smith,] in the course of his remarks the
other day, thought proper to refer at great length
to the opinions of Mr. Van Buren on the elective
franchise, as expressed in the convention called to
revise the constitution of New York, in the year
1821.
In reading extracts from the debates and proceed-
ings in that convention, the gentleman wholly omit-
ted to show what the restrictions- upon the right of
suffrage were, under the old constitution of that
State, which were sought to be removed by that
convention.
He also omitted to show what was the final result
of the action of that convention, as sanctioned and
approved by Mr. Van Buren.
And, what is still more material to the honorable
gentleman, [Mr Smith,] he has carefully withheld
from the "public eye" the declaration of odious prin-
ciples on the right of suffrage made in that conven-
tion by his political friends, and so often reiterated
by them that the honorable gentleman [Mr. Smith]
can hardly be presumed to have overlooked them.
When 1 look at the structure of the gentleman's
speech—at the extracts he has made—and his omis-
sions to make others necessary to a fair understand-
ing of Mr. Van Buren's position on that occasion, I
am obliged to say that the gentleman seems to have
acted in a spirit of great illiberahty towards a politi-
cal opponent. He has brought together detached
expressions in such a manner as to make a reader
of his speech, who has no previous acquaintance
with the matter, believe that Mr. Van Buren was
opposed to a liberal suffrage for the whites, and was
in favor of an unrestricted suffrage for free blacks.
Sir, the reverse is the truth; and I say so on the au-
thority of history and documentary evidence.
I will, as far as I can with brevity, supply the
gentleman's omissions.
The former constitution of New York was adopt-
ed in the year 1777; and the provisions prescribing
the qualifications for voters for members of the legis-
lature are contained in the 7th and 10th sections, as
follows:
Sec. 7. That even/ male mhuhtunt of full age, who shall
have personally resided in one of the counties of this State
for six months immediate]}" preo<vimr>- the <loy of election,
shall, at such election, he entitled to vote for repre-
sentatives of said county in the assembly; if duimg the
time aforesaid, he shall hove boon a liochuLdor, posseting a
freehold of the value oft\\ent\ pounds (ioO) within the said
county •, or have v<?ntt-d a teneme nt there in of the vain e ol forty
shiliings, ($.*5;) and been rated and actually paid taves to this
State: Piocidrd, alv ays. That crv cry person who now is a free-
man of the city of Albany, or v> ho \\ as mode a freeman of the
city of New York on. or he to le the fouiteenth day of October,
in the year of our Lord one thousand s-even hundred and
seventy-live, and shall be actually and usually tesidenl in
the said cities rcspectn ely, shall be entitled to vote for rep-
resentatives in assembly v. ithin his said place of residence.
"Sec. 10. And this convention doth fuirher, in the name
and hy the authority of the good people of this State, ordain,
determine, and declare, that the senate 01 the State of New
York shall consist ol twenty-four freeholder*, to he chosen
out of the freeholders, and that they be choscn by the freehold-
ers of this State possessed of freeholds of the valve oj one hun-
dred pounds ($250) over and ahoi e all debt}, chut'grd thzievn.
The right to vote for governor was restricted in
the same manner as for senators.
But, sir, there were other grievances than the re-
strictions upon suffrage contained m those sections
that required correction.
The 3d section provided that the governor for the
time being, the chancellor, and the judges of the su-
preme court, or any two with the governor, should
be a council of revision, with a negative upon the
legislation of the two branches of the legislature.
The judiciary were allowed thus to interpose, and
control not only an executive just elccted by the
people, but also both branches of the legislature,
unless a majority of two-thirds could be obtajned
in each branch to overcome the judicial veto. This
was a greater majority than could usually be pre-
served in both Houses: and the consequence was
that the legislation of the State was constantly cir-
cumscribed by ajudici.tl power—a permanent body,
holding their places for life.
Again, under that old constitution, nearly all the
civil and military officers in the Stare were appoint-
ed by a council of appointment acting with the gov-
ernor.
Sir, it was to extend the elective franchise, and to
abolish that council of revision and appointment,
that the democrats of New York successfully urged
a bill through the legislature, submitting it to the
people of the State to say whether they would, or
not, have a convention to reform the constitution:
and it was, too, through the agency and votes of
that party that a majority of the electors was obtain-
ed jfi favor of a convention-
Mr. Van Buren's opinion on the right of suffrage
was frankly avowed at the outset of this popular
revolution. _ , ■ . - .
The following sentiment, given by him from the
chair, at a celebration of the 4th of July, 1820,
shows, in brief terms, what that opinion was:
The eleethe franchise: Existing restrictions have proved to
ht as impolitic as they aie unjust. It is the office Oi w isdom
to correct what' experience condemns.
His presence in that convention was deemed in-
dispensable to the success of the liberal suffrage
party; and residing, as he did at the, time, in a coun-
ty which gave a heavy federal majority, the county
of Otsego—one of the first in the State in democrat-
ic strength—elected him as a delegate," not only on
her own account, but for the benefit and advantage
of the democratic party at large. He was sent into
that convention to meet the most able and chosen
leaders of federalism. That party had elected Chan-
cellor Kent, Chief Justice Spencer, Judge Van Ness,
and Judge Piatt—the council of revision itself whose
acts were to pass in review,—and Abraham Van
Vechten and Elisha Williams—two of the most able
and eminent counsellors in the State. They com-
prised the "front and head'1'' of the federal party,
and were formidable, not only in talents, learning,
and experience, .but also in the veneration with
which the people are always disposed to regard an
elevated judiciary.
The 7th and 10th sections of the old constitution,
which I have quoted, show what were the restric-
tions upon the right of suffrage. The first proposi-
tion in the convention for their amendment was the
original report of the committee on the right of suf-
frage; it reads as follows:
Skc. 1 Every white male citi'/en of the age of twenty-one
years, who shall have resided in this State six month" next
preceding the election, and shall, within one year preceding
the election, have paid any tax assessed upon him, or shall,
within one j ear preceding the election, ha\e been assessed
to work on a public road, and shall have performed the
work assessed upon him, or shall have paid an equivalent
in money therefor, according to law, or shall, within one
year preceding the election, have been enrolled in the mili-
tia of this State, and shall have scived therein according to
law, shall be entitled to vote at such election, in the town
or ward in w hich he shall reside, for governor, lieutenant
governor senators, members of the assembly, and all other
officer* who are or may be elected by the people.—[De-
bates, page 334 ]
The committee, in the course of its deliberations,
modified this report so that, finally, it went into the
new constitution with only the following altera-
tions:
Residence in the State was changed from six
months to one year, in all cases, except where high-
way labor constituted tlio qualification to vote; and
in those ca«es a residence of three years in the
State and one in the county, was substituted for the
time named in the report; and free persons of color
were allowed to vote who had resided three years
in the State, and had freehold property, free from
encumbrance, to the value of $250.
A reference to thesecond article of the new con-
stitution, (page 661 of Debates,) will satisfy any
gentleman of the full accuracy of this statement.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Smith] may have quoted correctly what Mr. Van
Buren said in that convention at an early period of
its proceedings, on the proposition to extend the
right of suffrage so as to allow every person who
had worked a day on the roads to vote, notwith-
standing his residence might be doubtful or factitious;
yet he omits altogether to state how far Mr. Van
feuren did go to extend the right of voting to high"
way laborers.
Sir, Mr. Van Buren voted five times in that con-
vention, on a call of the yeas and nays, m favor of
giving that light to persons icho worked the roads, with
a residence such as is stated in the alterations I have
named. 1 appeal to the journal of the convention:
"Thot M- Hadt-bffthen Wt u motion to tTpunsc the words
following, commtnezm >a the fifty lire, to vit: lJlnd shall have
been, wit'uv the hat year, assessed to Ichor upon the public
h'phio.iys. a^d shall hoi? po fanned th*■ labor, or paid an
eij\Xiiul€-it ti.eifjor, according to law"
The yeas and nays were required, and Mr. Van
Buren voted against expunging tins qualification.
I refer to the 108th and 170tli pages of the journal
which I now hoid in my hond. Again, sir, similar
votes against striking out, and for retaining this
qualification permanently, as it went into the new
constitution, were given hy Mr. Van Buren, on call-
ing the yeas and nave on the question stated at
pages 1&2, 314, 324, 326, of the same journal.
And, sir, it is also true that the proposition for
wivmttf svjfrage, against which Mr- Van Buren
voted, included blacks as well as whites. I refer to
the journal page 123. The proposition was in the
following words:
Ant] also f'pry other male citizen of the age of twenty-
one years, who shall have been tlieee years an inhabitants
of this State, and for one year a resident in the town or city
where he may offer his vote, (paupers and persons undyr
guardianship excepted,) Provided, That persons in the mili-
tary, naval, or marine service of the United States shall not
he considered as having obtained such residence by being
stationed in any garrison, barrack, or military place in this
State.
Sir, the gentleman from Indiana has referred to
Mr. Van Buren's remarks on the election of justices
of the peace by the people, and has done this so
as to convey an^impression that his opposition arose
from a distrust of the capacity and intelligence of the
people to make judicious selections. Now, sir, the
gentlenian from Indiana knows as well as I do that
Mr. Van Buren's remarks on that point, when
htken altogether, imply no such distrust. No one in
that convention proposed to have the higher judicial
officers of the State elected by the people; and Mr.
Van Buren thought, and the convention concurred
with him, that justices of the peace, less than any
other, should be elected; for he felt some apprehen-
sions that the influence ol periodical elections of these
officers, mixing as they would in the politics of
of their towns, might seriously affect the independence
and firmness of the officer himself in the discharge of
his judicial duties.
But, sir, the question of highway labor as a qual-
ification for suffrage, or the mode of electing justices
of the peace, was not the issue upon which the
great battle was fought between the two parties in
that convention. These were mere incidents, which,
comparatively, attracted but little attention, and on
which men of the same party differed from each
other. The issue was presented in the amendment
offered fey Chief Justice Spencer, (page 215 de-
bates,) and was as follows:
Other than for senators, and that in elections for sena-
tor, evur} free male cmitm of the age of U\ enty-one years,
who shall'hftve been one next preceding the election
an inhabitant of this State, and, at the time of offering hira-
sell as an elector, shall have an interest, in law or equity, in
his men or 1,Is wife's tizht, in nny lands or tenements in this
State oj the value of $'2n0 over and above all debts charged
thereon, shall he entitled to vote for senators in the tow n or
ward in which he shall reside.
Sir? by referring to the 10th section of the old
constitution, -which f have read, it will be seen that
this amendment, offered by Chief Justice Spencer,
contains the identical odious freehold qualification
there prescribed; and to get rid of which, more than
for any other cause, a convention had been called.
The political friends of the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Smith] supported that amendment. They
were the a*,ilgerine party" in that convention, and
among the people, and contributed the whole power
of their talents, their eloquence, and their votes, to
perpetuate the old constitution, with its odious re-
strictions on the right of suffrage.
Sir, if the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith]
had desired half so much to do mere justice to Mr.
Van Buren's views on the right of suffrage as to
ferret out some detached expression of his for the
use of travelling orators in his own State, he would
not have overlooked the speech of Mr. Van Buren
against that amendment, as reported in the debates
from which he has quoted. He may find it, sir, at
pages 255 to 265. It is quite too long to be read to
the House; but I beg leave to say of it, that it re«
bukes, in appropriate terms, the odious principles
avowed by the political friends of the gentleman
from Indiana, in their advocacy of Mr. Spencer's
amendment. With this reference to it, I will ex-
tract from the speech one short paragraph, which
briefly shows, in consonance with public sentiment
at the time, what was the great object for which the
convention was assembled.
By the census of 1814, it appeared that of 163 COO electors
m this State, upwards of 7/>,000 were freeholders, undtr
$250, and all of them householders, who may possess any
amount of personal property, men vho have wives and
children to protect and support, and who ha-ve e\en-thing"
but the mere dust on which the}* trod to bind them'to the
country. And the question was. whether, in addition to
those who might, by this convention, be clothed with the
right of suffrage, this class of men—composed of mechanics,
professional men, and small landholders, and constituting
the bone. pith, and muscle of the population of the State—
should be excluded entirely from all representation m that
branch of the legislature "which had equal power to origi-
nate all bills, and a complete negative upon the passage of all
taws; from which, under the present constitution, pro-
ceeded the power that had the bestowrnent of all offices,
civil and military, in the State; and above all, which, (in the
lanaruage of an honorable member from Albany,) as a court
of cfernier resort, was entrusted with the life, liberty, and
property, of every one of our citizens, This, he,
