CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
The yeas and nays being then taken, resulted as
follows—yeas 88, nays 102:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Belser, Bidlack, Edward J.
Black, J. Black, J. A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower,
Bowlin, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, 11. Chapman, A. A. Chapman,
Chappell, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Collamcr, Cross, Dana, Dan-
iel, J. W. Davis, Dean, Dromgoole, Duncan, Farlee, Ficklm,
Foster, French, Byram Green, Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson,
Haj s, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Htibbell, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, George W. Jones,
Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpatriek, Labranche,
Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClernand, McConnell, McKay,
Mathews, J. Morris, Murphy, Owen, Payne, Emery D. Pot-
ter, David S. Reid, Reding, Relic, Ritter. St John, Saun-
ders, .Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas
Smith, Steenrod, gStiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Wentworth, and Williams—
8?.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Bar-
nard, Beardsley, Benton, Brengle, J. Brinkerhoft', Brodhead,
M. Brown, Buffington, Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causfri, Cling,
man, Cranston, Cullom, G. Davis, R. D. Davis, Deberry Del-
let, Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Dunlap. Ellis, Elmer,
Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddings, Willis Green, Gnnnell, Gn-
der, Hardin, Harper, Hoge, Hudson, Hughes, Hungerford,
W. Hunt, J. R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson,
A. Johnson, J. P. Kennedy, D. P. King, Lyon, McCauslen,
McClelland, Mclllvaine, Marsh, Morse, Moseley, New-
ton. Norris, Parmenter, Patterson, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter,
Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun. Rayner, Charles
M. Reed, Rhett, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell,
Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
Stetson, John Stewart, Summers, Thomasson.Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wethered, Wheaton,
White, Winthrop, William Wright. Joseph A. Wright, and
Yost—102.
The motion to postpone being; negatived,
Mr. C. JOHNSON inquired if liis amendment
would now be in order.
The SPEAKER decided that it would be in or-
der.
Mr. CAMPBELL rose to a question of order.
The House had already adopted the rules of the
last Congress, and he thought therefore it would
not be in order to re-adopt them.
The SPEAKER remarked that he did not under-
stand this proposition precisely in the light of the
adoption of the rules of the last House, because it
was proposed to make a modification.
The rules having been read through,
Mr. HARALSON observed that the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia embraced very ma-
ny subjects; and the proposition of the gentlemen
from Tennessee [Mr. C. Johnson] was to amend
that amendment.
The SPEAKER observed that the gentleman
from Tennessee was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARALSON (with the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee) barely wished to re-
mark that it was evident they could not understand
the matter before them from merely hearing the
amendment read at the Clerk's table; and he there-
fore moved that the House adjourn, with the view
of giving every member an opportunity of knowing
what he was about to vote on.
Mr. DROMGOOLE requested the gentleman
from Georgia to withdraw his motion, to allow him
to move for the printing of the amendment; which
request being complied with—
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the amendment
be printed.
The SPEAKER having put the question to the
House,
Mr. BARNARD inquired if the motion was in
order.
The SPEAKER said the motion to print alone
was not strictly in order, while there was another
motion pending. It could only be entertained by
general consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL observed that the motion was
received, and not objected to, and the question was
put by the Chair. He thought it too late for the
gentleman from New York to raise the question of
order.
Mr. ADAMS (after some remarks which were
wholly inaudible to the reporter) observed that there
was, independent of the report of the majority of
the committee, a report of the minority also, which
contained a great number of rules, as an amend-
ment, as lie supposed, to the majority report, and
concluding with two or three resolutions, one of
which provided that a certain portion of the mem-
bers of the House, representing certain States of the
Union, and a certain section of the country, should
have a convention, agreement, or treaty among
themselves, which was to be followed by an ultimate
convention of all the States of the Union, for the
purpose of amending the constitution.
Here what followed in Mr. A.'s remarks was
inaudible to the reporter, till he made an allusion
to Mr. Wise, and spoke of him as the Achilles who
was to show Hector that Achilles was Achilles still.
This gentleman (Mr. A. said) was now going to
Brazil, to join with the British minister there in a
remonstrance against the slave trade, and to induce
that government to close forever the market of Bra-
zil against the importation of slaves, unless imported
from Virginia. He wished to know, if the report of
the majority were set aside, whether the report of
the minority of the committee would take its place.
He spoke at some length, but he was not distinctly
heard.
Mr. DROMGOOLE replied; and in the course of
his remarks, said the gentleman from Massachusetts,
himself the author of a code of rales, must know
that the report of the minority could not take the
place of the report of the majority; for the minority
of a committee could report nothing for the action of
the House. The minority could only state its
views, and the grounds on which it dissented from
the majority. The gentleman from Massachusetts
need not disturb his quiet on that account. But the
motion now was to print; and he could not conceive on
what ground any gentleman could found an objection
to such a motion. Was it desired to suppress in-
formation, and on that ground to obtain the few
votes of gentlemen who, not having read the amend-
ment, might not feel disposed to sustain it, without
first understanding it? They had been told that it
was desired that there should be a fair, direct vote
on this subject; but to this end it was necessary that
the amendment should be presented, that gentlemen
might examine it, and compare it with the report of
the minority, and the existing rules. He hoped that
all opposition to the motion to print would be with-
drawn.
Mr. C. JOHNSON thought there had been talk
enough on this subject; and therefore he moved the
previous question.
Mr. CHAPMAN desired to say a few words, in
consequence of some allusion which had been made
to him by the gentleman from Massachusetts; and
therefore he requested the gentleman from Tennes-
see to withdraw, for a few minutes, the motion for
the previous question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON assented, on condition that
the gentleman from Alabama would renew it.
Mr. CHAPMAN then, as one of the minority of
the committee whose report was before the House,
made some remarks in reference to an attack made
on the minority of the committee by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and then re-
newed the motion for the previous question.
The SPEAKER put the question on that motion,
and there was a second; 86 voting m the affirmative,
and 65 in the negative.
The motion to print was also agreed ti, and the
House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. BOSSIER: The petition of Thomas H.
Lewis and forty-eight other citizens, and members
of the bar, praying Congress to pass a law increas-
ing the salary of the marshal of the western district
of the State of Louisiana: referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. CALDWELL withdrew from the files, and
presented the petition and papers of Colonel Moses
Wright, of Wayne county, Kentucky: referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. WENTWORTH- A petition for a mail-
route from Chicago, via Monroe, Elk Grove, Wick-
liffe, Miller's Grove, Cornishville, Crystalville,
Hartland, Wedgewood, Walworth, Darien, and
Fairfield, to .Tonesville, Wisconsin: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Also,
for a route from O'tawa, via Monroe, Elk Grove,
Wickliffe, Miller's Grove, Cornishville, Crystal-
ville, Hartland, Wedgewood, Walworth, Darien,
and Fairfield, to Jonesville, Wisconsin.
By Mr. HUBARD: The petition of F. Johnson,
the heir of Drury Holland, for arrears of pension;
which was appropriately referred. Also, the peti-
tion of Win. Hackworth, for bounty lands; which
was referred to the proper committee.
By Mr. THOMAS SMITH: The petition of
Amos Lane and one hundred and fifty others,
citizens of the city of Lawrenceburg, Indiana, repre-
senting the propriety of removing the surveyor gen-
eral's office fiom the city of Cincinnati to the city of
Lawrenceburg, on the score of economy. They
represent the latter place of easy access, (being on
the Ohio river,) rents, fuel, and living cheaper in the
latter than the former. They also remonstrate
against the removal of said office to the State o?
Michigan, as being unjust and inconvenient to the
people of the State of Ohio and Indiana. The popu-
lation of Ohio and Indiana is 2,202,781, ana tile
population of Michigan is only 211,705. They
thmk, from the population and the interest of the
people of Ohio and Indiana, that they are entitled to
the office; and praying, if a removal is made, (for the
reasons given, and others apparent,) that it should be
removed to the city of Lawrenceburg, Indiana.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The • memorial and proceed-
ings of a public meeting held at the town of Mar-
shall, on the 10th of February, 1844, relative to the
construction of the Cumberland road; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the State
of the Union.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The memorial of citizens of
Portland, Maine, for a marine hospital at that place,"
heretofore referred: referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 26, 1844.
Mr. WRIGHT presented two memorials from
citizens of Onondaga county, New York, asking
Congress to make a grant of land for improving the
Wisconsin and Fox rivers, and to connect the same
by a canal, so as to connect by navigable communi-
cation the upper Mississippi and the northern lakes:
laid on the table—a bill for the purpose being now
before the Senate.
Also, presented a petition from Prime, Ward, and
King, praying that Congress will indemnify them
for two treasury notes, which they received in the
course of their business, which were of those sto-
len at New Orleans: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from Milli-
kan, Ford, and others, of Louisiana, praying Con-
gress to pass a law authorizing them to enter back
lands: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. B. gave notice that, on to-morrow, he would
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the act enti-
tled "An act in relation to lands sold in the Greens-
burgh late (St. Helena) land district, and authoriz-
ing the return of money to individuals who pur-
chased land there, for which they have received
no patents, and for other purposes.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented documents in sup-
port of the claim of the representatives of Dr. Jno.
Houston: referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
Mr. UPHAM presented a memorial from Eben-
ezer Swan, in support of his claim for a pension;
which, with the adverse report heretofore made on
the subject, was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition fromWilliam
H. Freeman, asking that the Senate will make a
call for the proceedings of the court-martial in
his case, and that the sentence against him may be
annulled: referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made ^an adverse report m the
case of the administrators of William Grayson for
commutation pay.
Also, an adverse report on the petition of the
widow of Albert Pawling; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition
of the widow of Elijah J. Weed, for an addition-
al amount of pension; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHOATE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a joint resolution to authorize the.
transmission of presents of books to the minister
of justice of France,"in exchange of books from him;
wliiffli was read, and ordered to a second reading;
and the report accompanying it to be printed.
Mr. BAGBY gave notice that he would ask leave,
to-morrow, to introduce a bill concerning the 5 per
cent, fund of the States of Alabama and Mississippi.
The bill to grant a certain quantity of land to aid'
in the improvement of Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
and to connect the same by a canal in the Territory of
Wisconsin, came up in order on the question of en-
grossment; but, on motion of Mr. HAYWOOD,
was postponed till Wednesday morning, to enable
him to get certain information having a bearing upon
the bill.
The bill to increase the salary of the judges of th§
