GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 21.
[ Continued from No. 20.]
Jer to an authority possessing full knowledge upon
fhe subject.
.[Mr. B. here read an extract from the report of
the board of commissioners.]
This went to show the great importance of a
knowledge of the material. Proof was not to be de-
pended upon, because, each time a gun was fired, it
lost strength; and, eventually, if used too long, it
must burst, whether ten thousand or fifty thousand
were the number of its discharges. There was no
other security than that pointed out by the
commission. Now, he asked, could there be
anything more absurd than this policy of
contracting for the supply of guns, with the
lowest bidder? What authority would Congress
have to send an officer to superintend the perform-
ance of a work, which a contractor had pledged
himself to do upon his own responsibility? None at
all, if it went upon the principle that the lowest
bidder should have the contract. The contractor
being compelled to fulfil the contract, at a low rate—
for he was to be paid at a low rate—would of course
find it to his interest to attend the work himself,
and not submit to the inspection of an officer.
The object of the amendment was merely to ex-
empt this particular species of contract for the fabri-
cation of cannon and ball, from the operation of the
second and third sections; and to provide that such
contracts should only be extended, where others
could be made, by which articles of as good a quality
could be obtained at a lower rate. The bill, without
the amendment, would be fatal to the only kind of
contract which could be depended upon.
On motion by Mr. SEMPLE—the morning hour
having expired—the bill was postponed till to-mor-
row.
THE OREGON QUESTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the res-
olution submitted by Mr. Semple, in the following
words:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the third article of the convention concluded be-
tween the government of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 011 the
20th October, 1818, and indefinitely continued be-
tween the same parties, signed at London the 6th
August, 1827.
Mr. DAYTON being entitled to the floor in con-
tinuation of his remarks of Friday, addressed the
Senate for about an hour and a quarter. Before he
resumed his argument he took occasion to correct
a misapprehension relative to an expression he had
used on Friday, with regard to a principle of the
law of nations. He referred to a distinction between
national rights; some of which involved national
«xistence or national honor; others did not. The
first class of national rights were essential rights,
that could not be made subjects of negotiation; the
other class, ill which national existence, or national
honor was not vitally involved, were considered
subjects of negotiation. He desired to put himself
right on this point before he proceeded.
When he closed his remarks on Friday, he was
speaking of the chaiacter of the jurisdu tion exer-
cised by Great Britain in Oregon. He had said that
the sort of jurisdiction she exercised there was ap-
plicable to persons, rather than things. But he
had also said, that m passing the act, authorizing this
jurisdiction, it was his own conviction, that Great
Britain had gone too far; for, accoiding to the terms
ofthat act, the jurisdiction could be exercised over
the whole of the northwest territories, not under the
actual jurisdiction of any other government. For
the purpose of illustrating this view, he called
the attention of the Senate to the wording
of the act itself; the several clauses of which he read,
making no objection to them till he came to the sixth
section, which was that obnoxious to the charge of
assuming jurisdiction overall the territory, (Russian
and American, as well os British) notactuallyunder
the jurisdiction of any other State or Government. His
object was, to show the loose manner il) which the
act was worded; for, he did not suppose the British
government intended to carry that jurisdiction so far,
nor was he aware that there was any just ground of
complaint for any act done either to persons or
property, under that clause of the act. And, al-
though another portion of the act might seem to
favor the idea that jurisdiction was intended over
property as connected with lands; yet it must be
considered that there is a sort of property of that
kind, not claimed in fee, but in temporary posses-
sion; such, for instancy as the occupation of a plat
of land on which a fisherman spreads his nets to
dry, from which he is not to be wantonly dispos-
sessed while so occupied; or such a possession as a
ship has of its anchorage, though on the common
element open to other ships when not pre-occupied.
He had read somewhere of a practice recognised
among the wandering tribes of the deserts in Arabia,
where, when the camp of a tribe or caravan is
pitched for the night, the flag of its country is raised
at the head of the camp, and is respected by all
other wayfarers. This, he presumed, was the sort of
jurisdiction meant by the act extending the laws of
Canada to the northwest, territory.
As to passing this resolution, he asked, did not
the same reasons exist now that had existed for the
last twenty-five years for letting the present conven-
tion remain in force? If Great Britain, under the
act of jurisdiction, attempts any infringement on the
convention, let us complain first; and, if not re-
dressed, it will be time enough to adopt the resolu-
tion. There would then be some question upon
which we could proceed for holding Great Britain
responsible, either for her own acts, or those of her
Hudson Bay company. He recollected reading of
the extreme sensitiveness of some of the continental
powers of Europe, with regard to the custom in
England of calling its monarch King, Defender of
the Faith, &c., of England, Ireland, France, &c.,
which tempted Napoleon once to say that the King
of England might fancy himself King of France, if
he pleased, but ho dared not set foot on the soil over
which he claimed jurisdiction. Now, whatever
might be the interpretation of these objectionable
clauses in the British act of Parliament relating to
the jurisdiction to be exercised over Oregon, the
fact was that the act had been in existence for
twenty odd years without being applied to our in-
jury; for he had never heard that any of our citizens
nad. been seized under it and carried to Canada in
chains, nor had any trial taken place affecting the
lands or property in possession of our citizens.
Was it not, therefore, fair to infer, that if such juris-
diction had been intended, (as, undoubtedly, might
be attempted according to the wording of the act,)
frequent opportunities could have been found of put-
ting it in force. If four or five hundred of our citi-
zens had lost their lives in the territory by violence,
it was to be attributed to something else.
He next called the attention of the Senate to the
character of the joint occupation of the territory, with
a view of showing that the sort of occupation which
Great Britain exercised, was that recognised by the
language of the treaty of Nootka sound. It is an
occupation of settlement for hunting, fishing, and
trading—not for agricultural colonization. She had
'not a fort in the territory. Some of her citizens had
stockades to defend themselves against Indians, and
protect their property from depredations;butthey were
private defences, not fortifications belonging to the
British government. Great Britain had in no way
shown o disposition to seize upon the ten itory as her
own. For fifty years she had merely pursued those ob-
jects for which' alone even the joint occupancy could
be considered of any consequence to her. Her citi-
zens were not accumulating there, while, ours were.
Their object is merely that of trapping, limiting,
and tiading, which aie pursuits authorized by the
treaty of joint occupation. He believed she had
acted in good faith with regard to her treaty stipu-
lations with us in that joint occupancy. The ag-
gregate of her citizens there did not exceed 1,00(1,
made up of British subjects, natives of Canada,
half breeds, and persons employed bv the Hudson
Bay company. Now, he would ask, was that a
sort of population calculated to make an agricultu-
ral colony? Their avocations were inconsistent
with agricultural pursuits. The senator from In-
diana, indeed, thought the policy of Great Britain
in colonizing was not always for agricultural pur-
poses, and asked was that the object for wliieh she
seized upon Gibraltar and other places of that de-
scription. Such cases were not in point. ' There
could be no similarity between them and the joint
occupancy of Oregon. She does not want Oregon
as a place of settlement or defence.
The senator from Indiana himself had stated that
our citizens were going there at the rate often thou-
sand a year, which fully justified the senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] in saying that, in
twenty years, the whole territory would be ours by
actual possession. England knows this; it is she
that ought to feel, and did feel that, whatever claim
she might have, it would be lost in this occupancy
of our citizens; and it was under a conviction of
this, that she had sent her special minister here to
negotiate for a settlement, before she is entirely oust-
ed by our agricultural colonization.
Mr. D. here went into a statistical review of the
present value of the fur trade in the Oregon country,
with a view of showing that it is so insignificant that
it can be of no national moment to thifc country, and
that it would not, on that amount, justify the ex-
pense to this government of military outposts, troops,
and munitions of war, for protecting it, as a United
States colony. Great Britain was not at a dollar of
expense for protecting her citizens; they protected
themselves as employees of the Hudson Bay com-
pany. He therefore submitted that there was noth-
ing of national policy or national interests that de-
manded of this government to recede from the exist-
ing convention, and incur such an unnecessary ex-
pense as its abrogation would involve the ^country
in. Let the Oregon Territory alone, and it will
drop into our hands, just as certainly as the fruit, in
due season, drops from the tree.
When he read an extract from the Louisville
Journal, on Friday, he thought he perceived, by the
manner in which it was received by the gentleman
on the other side, that it was thought lightly of; but
he should now call their attention to an authority
the gravity of which they would not dispt t;—that of
the Christian Advocate; from which he read extracts,
giving a most discouraging, if not, revolting, charac-
ter of the Oregon couutry. He also called to the
recollection of the speech delivered by Mr. Bates, of
Missouri, in the other House, a few years back,
characterizing the territory in such terms as he
would not repeat. He did not, himself, believe in
these extremes; but he was sure he could not be mis-
taken in the estimate he put upon the country, which
was, that there were no national interests which de-
manded of us the interruption of the existing con-
vention, which the resolution now before the Senate
proposed to abrogate.
A great part of the argument of the two senators
[Messrs. Atchison and Hannegan] referred to the
honor and glory of the thing. Now, when the
honor and the glory of this country were at issue,
he was ready to go as far as any man living in sus-
taining them. He with confidence said the same
for his friends. But both he and they believed they
could be best preserved by continuing the present
convention, till such an adjustment could be made
by negotiation as we could honorably ratify.
The senator from Indiana had made a very forci-
ble and eloquent argument; but it, resolved itself into
a more syllogism, that the territory was ours, as v.'f-
all agreed it was; and, therefore, we hud no need ro
negotiate about, it; that we could not negotiate with-
out the risk of having to give up some portion of tl.e
territory; and that to give up one inch of it would
be dishonorable—it would be n loss of notion.-.!
honor. Now it, seemed to liim (Mr. D.) that this
was a mere begging of the question. To give up
Oregon, or any part of our undisputed right to it,
was" not a question enteitained by him, or
any gentleman tit his side of tbo ciiambei.
They had eiiteitaiued no argument in favor
of giving it up. Any argument, thtrefore,
founded on that supposition, was aside from
the question at issue. That qus„st:oii was, that tin
existing convention is discreditable tu the Unneil
States. If it is, who made it so? Who made the.
convention? Who ratified it? and who suffered it
it to continue for the lust live and twenty years.
