March, 1844.   
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Rathbun.
tion to change without cause. He (Mr. R.) claimed
that they had the right to effect such a change; that
it was an original, inherent right, paramount to all
human laws. The constitution is of their creation;
if they had the power to make—if tliey were, at that
time, and for that purpose, sovereign,—they are com-
petent at all times to alter or amend it. No one
will deny the competency of the legislature to enact,
to alter, amend, or repeal laws. Their power to do
bo, is derived from the people, and is controlled,
restrained, and regulated by the will of the peo-
ple, expressed in their constitution. The con-
stitution is the act of the people directly; it is the
organic law of the State, and cannot be altered, ex-
cept by the people themselves. If the power is
denied to them, there can be no change; and the
absurdity follows, that the people have the power
to make a constitution, but when made, no matter
what its defects may* be, they can never alter or
amend it. To deny to the people this power, to
restrain its exercise by force or fraud, when they
will it, is the annihilation of republican principles,
and the establishment of despotic power. Gentlemen
may call this ultra democracy, radicalism, agranan-
ism or any thing they please; they may profess their
fears of the promulgation of such doctrines : he
held them to be correct, and that they are the foun-
dation upon which the government and institutions
in this country rest. He warned those who seemed
disposed to tear up that foundation, to take heed, lest
they be buried beneath its ruins. Who but the
people shall decide that the government is oppressive,
odious, and despotic? Who shall say the time has
arrived when it can be endured no longer? The peo-
ple who suffer, or their oppressors? Shall it be left
to the law-making power by which their rights are
invaded, their safety and happiness destroyed, and
their freedom struck down5 He (Mr. R.) was sus-
tained in the position he had taken by the highest
authority. He was sustained by the action of Con-
gress in the admission of Michigan, when the people
had moved in the adoption of a constitution without
the permission of the legislature. He also referred
to the following authorities. He desired his demo-
cratic friend [Mr. Cranston] to attend to them.
Hamilton says, Federalist No. 22, p. 11!):
"The fabiic of American empire ought to rest on
the solid basis of the consent of the people. The
streams of national power ought to flow immediately
Irom that pure original fountain of all legitimate au-
thority.'"
Jay, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, says:
"At the revolution the sovereignty devolved on
the people; and they are truly the sovereigns of the
country^ but they are sovereign without subjects,
(unless flie African slaves among us may be so
called,) and have none to govern but themselves.
The citizens of Jinicrica are equal as fellow-citizens,
and as joint tenants in the sovt reignty.—2 Dallam's
Reports, 419.
Marshall, Chief Justice of the Supremo Court of
the United States, says:
"It has been said that the people had aheady sur-
rendered all their powers to the State sovereignties,
and had nothing more to give. But surely the ques-
tion whether they may resume and modify the
powers granted to government does not remain to
be settled in this country."—4 WheatorTs Reports
405.
Justice Wilson, a signer of the Declaration of In-
dependence, a judge of the Supreme Court of the
United States, says:
"Of the right of a majority of the whole people to
change their government at will, there is no doubt."
—I Wilson, 418; 1 Tucker's Black. Comm. 165,
cited 324 p. vol. 1 Story's Com.
The same judge again says, in Lis Lectures on
Law, vol. 1, p. 17:
"Perhaps some politician, who has not considered
with sufficient accuracy our political systems, would
answer that, in our government, the supreme power
was vested in the constitution. This opinion ap-
proaches a step nearer to the truth, (than the sup-
position that it resides in the legislatures,) but does
not reach it. The truth is, that in our government
the supreme, absolute, and uncontrollable power re-
mains in the people. As our constitutions are supe-
rior to our legislatures, so the people are superior to
our constitutions. Indeed, the superiority in this
last instance is much greater; for the people possess
over our constitutions control ia act, as well as
right."—Works 3d vol. p 292,
H. of Eeps.
"The consequence is, that the people may change
the constitution, whenever and however they please.
This is a right ot which no positive institution can
deprive them."
"The dread and redoubtable sovereign, when
traced to his ultimate and genuine source, has been
found, as he ought to have been found, in the free
and independent man." "This truth, so simple and
natural, and yet so neglected or despised, may be
appreciated as the first and fundamental principle
in the science of government." Lcct. on Law, vol.
l,p. 25.
Justice Patterson, of the Supreme Court of the
United States, says: "The constitution is the work
of the people themselves, in their original, sovereign,
and unlimited capacity." "A constitution is the
form of government delineated by the mighty hand
of the people," is "paramount to the will of the
legislature," and is liable only "to be revoked or
altered by those who made it."—2 Dallas Rep. p.
304.
Justice Iredell, of the Supreme Court of the
United States—3 vol. Elliot's Debates, says:
"Our government is founded on much nobler
principles. The people aie known with certainty
to have originated it themselves. Those in power
are their sen ants and agents. And the people,
without their consent, may remodel the government,
whenever they think proper, not merely because it
is oppressively exercised, but because they think an-
other form is more conducive to their welfare.—Cited,
Story Comm. vol. 1, p. 32(j.
Justice Story, of the Supreme Court of the United
States, says, in his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion:
"The declaration puts the doctrines on the true
ground—that governments derive their powers from
the consent of the governed. And the people/'
plainly intending the "majority of the people, "have
a right to alter it," &c.—Page 300, vol. 1.
The gentleman advocates the supremacy of the
legislature, and the servitude of the people. This is
his "Jeffeisoman Democracy." lie fold us that
"Dorr was an honorable man;" a<jain, he says, that
admission was a little too broad; he was excited at
the time he made it, and he wished to qualify it. What
is the qualification? Why sir, he says Mr. Dorr is
a visionary man; he believes the people possess the
power to altei or amend the constitution of their
State, and other visionaiy notions m le^aid to the
rights of the people. Poor deluded, crcdulous man;
he belived the declaration of independence, put forth
to justify the revolutionary patriots before the na-
tions of the earth, "that all just government is found-
ed in the consent of the governed," and "that it is
the right of the people to alter or abolish" such gov-
ernment; he believed the solemn declaration of the
people of seventeen States of this Union, reiteuiting
the same principles, and avowing that al! power re-
sided in the people; that they might alier, amend,
or abolish, their form of government. He believed
the people freemen, and not slaves: therefore he is
visionary, and, m the opinion of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, not exactly honest. The gentleman
snceringly told the House "he should like to see
Dorr here, but he supposed it was not convenient
for him to come just now. Why not convenient*
Why did the gentleman withhold from the House
the reason which seemed to afford him so much sat-
isfaction^ He (Mr. R.) would inform the House,
what he understood, upon good authority, as he be-
lieved, "why it was not convenient for Mr. Dorr to
come here just now." It is, because he is immured
within the walls of a miserable, contracted, filthy
cell of a prison, charged with the crime of treason.
Yes, sir, imprisoned in a place so loathsome, so
filthy, that to the horror of a protracted imprison-
ment is added the disgusting punishment of being
annoyed by vermin, as greedy for his blood as his
humane persecutors. He (Mr. R.) had been told
that these are facts, and he believed them to be true.
Mr. R. said he would inquire presently why it was,
and by whom he was thus imprisoned and cruelly
treated. The member [Mr. Cranston] had charged
that two thousand men, not in the State of Rhode
Island, had voted for the people's constitution; many
of them had long been m their graves, and five hun-
dred were then on the shores of Ireland. Sir, the
gentleman claims the attribute of omniscience.
[Mr. Cranston wished to explain. He said a
good many votes were given by men not known in
the State, and he knew some were in their graves.]
Mr, R, resumed, How does the gentleman know j
who were the voters then in Ireland? What has be-
come of his two thousand voters, not in the State?
He abandons his position. Thus fall his facts, and
thus falls the witness. He [Mr. Cranston] "wished
he had these twenty-six memorialists ranged before
him on this floor; they would not dare hold up their
heads and pretend that any of those infamous charges
were true." Sir, they have held up their heads in the
legislature of their State; they raised their heads
in favor of the right of the people to form a consti-
tution; but the gentleman would have the House
believe that they dare not hold up their heads in
his august presence; that they would quail before
the majesty of his countenance; tremble beneath the
strong arm of his power, and hide their heads to
avoid his awful frown. He (Mr. R.) regretted that
they were not here to look upon the man who had
so grossly insulted them, and the State from which
he came. The gentleman has entertained the House
with epithets and denunciations toward the people
of his own State. We are told that they were
thieves, robbers, plunderers, ruffians, and vaga-
bonds. Mr. C ranston explained "again, "and said
he alluded to the people from other States, who were
lying around the border of Rhode Island."] Mr.
R. said that gentleman informed the House that
they had "searched the houses of the Dorritcs for
stolen property, just as they would the house of any
other thief, to look after stolen property." Whose
houses did the member allude to? Those ruffians,
and plundeicrs,and patiiots, weie awaiting the signal
of the nine guns, to fall upon the city of Provi-
dence to rob the twenty-six banks, rob the rich
men, who were out with their guns upon their shoul-
ders in the ram, with their drivers and boot-blacks;
and he intimated plainly that all the horrors would
have ensued attendant upon the storming and sack-
ing of a city by the most brutal soldiery. The
domestic sanctuary was to have oeen invaded, and
the purity of the female character violated. These
(said Mr. R.) are serious charges—monstrous ac-
cusations; yet they arc applied by him to his own
people. They are a part of the testimony given by
the gentleman in this case; they are to be weighedy
and duly appreriafed. He (Mr. R.) beli,eved none
ofthem. Martial law [said Mr. Cranston] saved the
State: the State was put under martial law. Yes, sir,
martial law, we are told, saved the people of the
State of Rhode Island ftom the horrors of robbery,
plunder, and violence. Gentlemen of the other side
seem to have fallen suddenly in love with martial
law. Agaimt whom was it used m this instance,
and for what purpose? The memorialists say,
against a large majority of the people of that State.
Against a people who had made and adopted a
constitution, republican its character, and who only
desired that that constitution, and the officers elected
by the people in piusuaiKe of its provisions, should
bepeimitted to supersede I he obsolete character of
Chaiies 11, and thcoifceeis claiming to hold their
places under it. To prevent this lighiful exercise of
the will and powei of the people, martial law was
porclaimcd: so they allege. We hear of no ar-
bitrary and despotic power power now—no tyrants
—no trampling upon the constitution and laws—no
complaint of searches and seizures—no apostrophes
to departed liberty—no bemoaning of arrests and
imprisonments: but when Gen. Jackson proclaimed
martial law to save New Orleans from robbery,
plunder, and devastations of a mercenary, ruthless,
foreign foe; to restrain spies and traitors from be-
traying the country and the army, and the beauty
and booty of the rity, into the hands of an inva-
dingenemy, the vault of heaven rang with denuci-
ations and invectives. He was then denounced as a
tyrant and a despot; there was no justification—there
could be none; liberty was crushed; the laws and
constitution were trampled upon by the iron heel of
military power. In that case, it was a British army;
in this, the people of Rhode Island. In that,
it was condemned; in this, approved. Why is it
thus? Are the people more to be dreaded, feared,
and hated, than a foreign enemy, whose hands were
dripping with the blood of our people, and whose
track was marked with desolation and misery?
During the present session our ears have again been
saluted with this patriotic clamor, from "the law
and order" gentlemen on this floor, against the ex-
ercise of military power—the adoption of martial
law, for the preservation of our own people against
spies and traitors, and British bayonets. Now their
voices are hushed; not a whisper has been heard in
defence of the laws, or in condemnation of military
despots and tyrants: no tc<jrs are now .Vned over the
grave of departed liberty} n is the people who
