336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March, 1844,
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess,
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Rathbun.
H. of Reps.
fer—our own people; their crime, an effort to be
free—to realize the truth of the declaration so often
and so solemnly proclaimed to the world, that the
people are, the source of all power, and that they
may of right adopt, alter, or amend their form of
fovernment in such manner as, in their opinion, is
est calculated to effect their prosperity and happi-
ness. The memorialists represent that an armed
minority—insignificant in numbers, but encouraged
and sustained by the military power of this govern-
ment—triumphed over the people; that their constitu-
tion is suppressed, large numbers of the people im-
prisoned, and driven into exile; that many are still
m exile and in prison. We are asked by the mem-
ber from Rhode Island, Suppose all these things to
be true: what can Congress do? Congress can—and
by the constitution is bound—to guaranty a republi-
can form of government to the people of Rhode
Island. If it be true that a small minority have
forcibly seized the powers of the government, and
are tyrannizing over the people, enacting arbitrary
and despotic laws to oppress the people, the power
and duty of this government are apparent. The
memorialists further allege that the present consti-
tution was imposed upon the people while under the
terrors of martial law, with the approval of less
than one-third of the white male inhabitants over
twenty-one years of age in the State. Sir, if this
be true, no man who loves freedom, or who is
worthy to be free, dare assert that such a constitu-
tion has, or can have, any binding force upon the
people. It is no constitution; it has not the appro-
bation or consent of the people; it is unjust; it is the
badge of their slavery, not of their freedom; it is the
bond of the tyrant, and not the compact of freemen
and equals.
Sir, these memorialists state that "there was no
insurrection, no domestic violence;" that "the peo-
ple were not overthrowing a government, but
rightfully and peaceably substituting another.5' Is
this true? It has met with no denial except the gen-
eral charge from the member, that everything in it
is false. He has not condescended to meet those
specific allegations. But suppose he had; would
the House be satisfied upon his assertion alone?
For himself, he (Mr. R.) would freely confers that
he was not. The manner and language of that
gentleman carried conviction to his mind that every
charge of oppression, injury, and violence, contained
in this memorial, was true. The memorialists further
assert that "the people of Rhode Island who voted
for the constitution in 1841, were desirous, at the
late election of members to this House, of choosing
their own candidates by the electors authorized un-
der that constitution; and thus bringing the question
of their rights undei it to the consideration of this
House. But that this was impossible, as by one of
the laws of that State all meetings for such a pur-
pose are declared riotous, to be suppressed by civil
and military force; and the people present, after the
reading of the riot act, and without time to retire,
might be shot down forthwith." Is this in accord-
ance with the gentleman's notions of democracy?
Are such things tolerated in a country claiming to
be free? Look'at Ireland, bristling all over with
British bayonets, and yet repeal meetings are con-
stantly held, agitation kept up, the object a disso-
lution of the empire. England has not a riot act
like Rhode Island, to crush the popular impulses of
the people. She may be arbitrary and despotic, as
we have supposed her, yet she may learn lessons of
tyranny and despotism from "democratic. Rhode
Island."
The memorialists state that the charter of Charles
II, under which the people have lived from its cre-
ation until the adoption of the people's constitution
m 1841, contains no clause or provision for its
amendment, or the adoption of a constitution; that
the only power to effect a change was lodged with,
or resided in, the people. The legislature (*aid Mr.
R.) could do no act authorizinga changc; neither
the charter or the people conferred upon it the pow-
er. So long as the charter existed as the funda-
mental law of that State, legislative authority was
limited and restrained by its provisions, and any
enactment contrary to its provisions would be void.
It could neither alter nor abolish it, nor provide, by
legal enactment, the mode or manner in which the
people should do so. It was a case m which the
people alone could act, because they alone possessed
the supreme power. It was, therefore, not only
right, but necessary that the people should act,
whenever a change became necessary. It is avow-
ed in the memorial that they did exercise the power,
lHat they formed a constitution and adopted it by
the votes of a very large majority of the electors of
the State. For sustaining and upholding the rights
of the people to form that constitution, Governor
Dorr is imprisoned and charged with the crime of
treason. Because he was honest and fearless in the
maintainance of his visionary theory, that the peo-
ple possessed the power to alter their form of govern-
ment, he is a traitor. He advocated that obsolete,
radical, visionary, democratic opinion, entertained
by the patriots, heroes, and sages of the revolution—
that the people in this country possessed the sover-
eign power. It was for this heresy—this treason
against the government, the sovereign, the people's
masters—that he was deprived of his liberty, not by
the power of the minority in Rhode alone, but back-
ed and supported by the army, and the ball and
buck-shot drawn from the arsenals of this govern-
ment. He fell in the cause of the people, and with
the people of his State. "With them the rights and
liberties of the people were prostrated. They fell as
others have fallen, in a good cause. Power tri-
umphed over justice. The successors of the des-
potic King Charles the Second struck down the sov-
ereignty of the people. This man, who was true to
the people—whose mind was imbued with the gen-
uine patriotism of our revolutionary sires—whose
principles were drawn from the pure fountain of re-
publicanism—who was guided by the solemn decla-
ration of American independence, and by the no
less solemn declaration of each of seventeen of the
States of this Union, and by the solemn decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and by
tho opinion of the most learned and profound ju-
rists and commentators on constitutional law in this
republic,—is charged with treason against the State:
not treason against the people, but against the succes-
sors to the crown of King Charles: not for an at-
tempt to subvert, but to establish, the liberty of the
people.
Sir, if Washington, Jefferson, or any of the pa-
triots who signed the declaration of independence,
had fallen into the hands of King George the Third,
they might have been taunted in Paihament that
"it was not convenient for them to come there just
just now," they too might have been accused of trea-
son against the government; there were men there
who would have sneered at them; they would have
been ridiculed; they would have been tried by their
enemies, and among their enemies, by packed ju-
ries; they would have been condemned, as Gov-
ernor Dorr probably will. What excuse would it
have been to them, that the people were with them—
that they believed the people had a right to adopt
such form of government as in their opinion should
seem most likely to promote their safety and happi-
ness? The gentleman from Rhode Island furnished
the answer: "It is a visionary theory;" "he denied
it." "The people have no such right." This is
what King George would have said. It is what the
gentleman says. The gentleman said, that if Dorr
"had been patient, he might have been a represent-
ative upon this floor. If he had been patient! Yes,
if he had joined with the oppressors of the people,
in support of the charter—if he had planted his heel
upon their heads, and aided in crushing the rising
spirit of fieedom, lie might have been sent here as a
representative of the government of Rhode Island—
not of the people. There was one fact he (Mr. R.)
would state: if it was denied, he had the proof at
hand. Mr. Atwell, a member of the legislature of
Rhode island, in January, 1842, moved m the
house that a committee, consisting of three
members from each country in the State be
appointed to investigate and ascertain whether a
majority of the electors of the State had not voted
for the people's constitution. The vote upon it
stood—ayes 11, noes 57; the gentleman (Mr. C.)
voting in the negative. If the gentleman and his
friends weie disposed to treat the people fairly—if
they weie willing to ascertain the truth, why not go
into the investigation? If they believed the story
about the votes of the men in Ireland, the non-resi-
dents, the dead men, why not investigate? The,
votes given in favor of that constitution, have writ-
ten upon the back of each the name of the voter who
gave it. They were offered to the house for in-
spection: there was no disguise, no evasion, no
withholding any fact on the part of the people; all
was open, frank, and honorable; they were met with
accusations, scorn, and contempt. They come to
to tins House, and tender the complaints of the peo-
ple, they state what they claim to be facts. How
are they met here? With denunciations and abuse.
They demand an investigation, as they had done of
the legiflluuirs at home; it is resisted here, as it had
been there. Their statements are denounced as a
tissue of falsehoods. If they are false, why does
the gentleman wish to avoid an examination which
will establish the fact? He (Mr. R.) thought he
could discover, in the anxiety of the gentleman to
suppress all investigation, indications of his fear as
to the result. It is due to the people of Rhode
Island—it is due to the party in power—to the gen-
tleman and to the country, that the truth should be
elicited. It is the duty of this House to extract the
truth out of this mass of contradiction. The history
of this effort of the people to obtain a constitution'
republican in its character, should be truly and faith-
fully written. He (Mr.R.) hoped the House would
perform its duty to itself, to the country, and to
the people of Rhode Island. If wrong and op-
pression have fallen upon that people, let it be pro-
claimed from this Capitol to the people of the nation.
If the government of Rhode Island has been un-
justly accused, let her innocence be published to the
world. This was his wish, and he could see no
reason why all parties concerned should not desire it.
To give some idea of the character of these "rob-
bers and plunderers, he would read a little from the
constitution which is claimed to have been adopted
by the people. 7th section of article 9: "The general
assembly shall have no power hereafter to incur
State debts to an amount exceeding the sum of fifty
thousand dollars, exept in time of war, or in case of
invasion, without the express consent of the people."
And again, the first section of the 12th article pro-
vides that "All moneys which now are, or may
hereafter be appropriated, by the authority of the
State, to public education, shall be securely invested,
and remain a perpetual fund for the maintenance of
free schools in this State; and the general assembly-
are prohibited from diverting said moneys or funu,
from this use, and from borrowing, appropriating,
or using the same, or any part thereof, for any other
purpose, or under any pretence whatsoever." These
aie the provisions inserted in the constitution by the
rubbeis of Rhode Island. They are the men who
wanted to rob the twenty-two banks, and the rich
men in Providence. Sir, (said Mr. R.) if this is a
specimen of the character of robbers and plunderers
in Rhode Island, the banks nnd the rich men have
no cause for the apprehension of danger—they are
good, honest robbers. They respect the right of
property, but they designed to rob the ,general as-
sembly of the power to plunder the people. The
ladies of Providence have nothing to fear from such
men.
He (Mr. R.) did not believe that the constitution
of a single State in this Union more effectually
guarded the rights of the people and the right of
property than this. He (Mr. R.) would now call
the attention of the House for a moment to the
charter of Charles II, under which the people had
been governed from the time of its formation until
what is termed the landholders' constitution was
forced upon them, and under which the gentleman
said the people had been very happy. It pro-
vides—
"That the governor and deputy governor nnd
company of Rhode Island shall have power to
choose such and so many persons as they may
tlunk proper, who should be free of said company."
That (said Mr. R.) is a sample of the charter.
The governor and company are authorized to say
who shall be freemen of the colony; who may have
the right to exercise the elective franchise; who may
and who may not vote. That is the kind of democ-
racy the gentleman admires. It was this kind of
democracy which denied the power of the people to
form a constitution, without the consent of the gov-
ernor and company of Rhode Island. When the
revolution took place, and the States of this Union
became free fi om the dominion of the King of Gieat
Butam; when, from tyranny and oppression, liberty
leaped into life; when monarchy and despotism
were driven from the rest of the States, they lingered
in Rhode Island, securely nestled under a royal
charter. That people, who suffered as much, and
fought as bravely m the revolution as those of any oth-
erStdte m the Union, found no relief from the oonds
imposed by royalty. The King was conquered; but
the charter survived. The royal mantle fell upon
the shoulders of the governor and company. The
people exchanged masters. The spirit which actu-
ated that dissolute tyrant—the vengeance which he
glutted through the instrumentality of his judicial
murderer (Jeffries) upon the patriots of England,
shedding torrents of blood, and regretting, like Nero,
that the people had but one neck, that he could
