335
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
*28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Phelps.
Senate.
the more rational and tenable ground that it was en-
acted in wisdom, and in wisdom should be .re-
tained.
Sir, I am willing to abide, for the present at least,
by the principles of that act, as I understand them.
There is, in my judgment, no necessity for depart-
ing from them; for I believe that, under existing
circumstances, they allow sufficient latitude for such
a course of policy as will meet the wants and secure
the prosperity of the country.
But, sir, it is further objected to the act of 1842,
that it is unconstitutional, because it is protective in
its character. The senator from ]Sfew Hampshire
has labored hard, but very unnecessarily, to prove
that the duties imposed by it were arranged
■with a view to sustain the industry of the country.
Sir, it was that feature in the bill which commended
it to my judgement, and secured my support. Had
it not been framed with a regard to this fundamental
and necessary principle of national economy, it
would have not received my vote. 1 go further,
and say openly, and without qualification, that I
will vote for no measure which disregards or is
hostile to the protective policy.
This subject of the tariff has been complicated
by the conflicting and inconsistent objections raised
by the advocates of free trade. In one section the
act is unconstitutional because it is protective—in
another it does notafford protection enough. I pro-
pose to examine these objections separately.
Sir, I assert the constitutional power of Congress
to impose duties for the purpose of protection, and
protection alone, irrespective of the financial exigen-
cies of the country. And I found this doctrine upon
the power to regulate commerce, and the power to
levy a revenue conjointly. When the constitution
was framed, this subject was well and maturely
considered. The power for which I contend, was
asserted by the first revenue law enacted under it,
and has never, until a very recent period, been de-
nied.
What was the origin of this power to regulate
commerce1 Before the adoption of the constitution,
the power s possessed by the several States, as
sovereign, independent communities. It was held
by them—\iH, ample, absolute, and unlimited—sub-
ject to no restriction or qualification, and falling in no
respect short of the "omnipotence of Parliament."
When that instrument was adopted, the power was
transferred to Congress, without abridgement or
limitation, to be held as the States had held it, and
is now" vested in that body as full and perfect as it
exists in the sovereign legislation of any independ-
ent nation upon earth, to be exercised in a sound
legislative discretion, guided by the pole star of all
our deliberations—the public weal. It was a conces-
sion of exclusive jurisdiction, leaving no residuum
or remainder in the States. Unless, then, the pow-
er is possessed by us as fully and amply as they
possessed it, this strange, result is produced—that, by
the attempt to frame a more perfect system of gov-
ernment, a power inherent in every sovereign com-
munity, and essential to its prosperity, if not to its
national existence, is abrogated, annihilated, and
lost forever. If we possess it imperfectly only, and
C3n exercisc it but partially, the power, to all prac-
tical utility, is essentially lost. The existence of
this powerin the several State sovereignties, giving
rise, as it necessarily must, to selfish and conflict-
ing lemulations, was one of the principal causes
which led to the adoption of the constitution and the
establishment of this government. The concentra-
tion of it m one body, where its exercise would be
controlled not by local and partial considerations,
hut by a more catholic and comprehensive regard
fur the interests of all—of a great and united people—
was one of the great purposes of our glorious Union.
Can it be conceived that the statesmen of that day,
deeply impressed as they were with the necessity
of a more perfect and efficient control over com-
merce, should, at the very moment when they were
endeavoring to give it 'form and consistency and
energy, have sought to cripple the power or ham-
per its exerciser Sir, they tell us in the letter
submitting the constitution to Congress, that
"the friends of our country have long seen and
desired that the nower of regulating commerce should
be fully and effectually vested m the general govern-
ing of the Union." Here is no allusion to a partial
or limited exercise of it, nor does the constitution
i'sel:' coniain a syllable pointing to its limitation or
nbridgpmrnt. Senators will look in vain there for
the bivhrntsons of any such purpose.
The pov-t-r to levy a revenue by duties or imposts
vr on imports or exports, being conferred exclusively
upon Congress, stands upon the same footing. It was
transferred from the States as they held it, and the
same argument may be applied to it which I have al-
ready applied to the power to regulate commerce.
These two powers, being united in the same body,
may be exercised conjointly. The power to regulate
trade may be exerted for the purpose of revenue, and
that to levy a revenue for the regulation of commerce.
The power to levy imposts was taken from the
States and conferred upon Congress, obviously be-
cause it could not be separated from the other power.
Such a separation would impair them both. It has
been very boldly asserted that Congress has no con-
stitutional power to levy duties for any purpose ex-
cept for revenue alone. It would be most extraor-
dinary if these two powers, so intimately connected
in their nature, and vested in the same body, cannot
be brought to bear with combined influence upon the
great objects of legislation. There is certainly no
restriction of the revenue power in the terms of the
constitution. Its language is, Congress shall have
power to levy duties, imposts, &c., "to pay the debts,
and provide for the common defence and general
welfare of the United States." These are broad terms.
The intention of its framers cannot be mistaken.
They conferred the power to regulatecommerce; and
how was it to be regulated? By such means
as are usual, appropriate, and effectual. The
imposition of duties is, and ever has been, the
usual—nay, universal mode, among all civilized
nations, of effecting that object. Being aware of
this fact, the convention conferred that power as
ancillary to the other. How was commerce to be
regulated without a resort to the usual m ans? And
wliv was the power to levy duties conferred exclu-
sively and without restriction, if it were not to be
exercised for the ends to which it lu.s been made
subservient, wherever commerce and revenue exist?
After all, Mr. President, I readily admit that this
question is, at the present moment, and in the existing
state of things, one rather of speculation,than of prac-
tical importance. The time may come when it will
be otherwise. If so, senators may rest assured that
the power which I have asserted will not be sur-
rendered. In the present condition of the country,
its commerce and its revenue, I am satisfied that a
tariff, adequate in the aggregate to the financial
wants of the government, with just and proper dis-
crimination, would afford to our agricultural and
manufacturing industry all the protection we desire,
and all which in the end would prove beneficial.
Should we transcend that limit, I have my fears
that an unnatural and artificial state of things would
be produced, and our purpose would be defeated.
Mr. President, I was gratified to hear the hon-
orable "senator from South Carolina express his
opinion in favor of discrimination. I congratulate
him and the country upon the abandonment of
the absurd and impracticable notion of a horizon-
tal tariff. Such a system never has been and never
will be adopted. Discrimination is necessary to
the purpose of revenue, as some articles will bear
a higher rate of duty than others. An indiscrim-
inate duty would in some cases fall short of the
revenue which might be derived from an article of
importation, and in others defeat the purpose of
revenue, by operating as a prohibition. It would
be at the same time unjust m its operation, by im-
posing unequal burdens upon different portions of
the country.
But the honorable senator, in applying the prin-
ciple of discrimination, does not go far enough. He
stops satisfied with consulting the interests of com-
merce, leaving other and more important branches
of industrial pursuit to shift for themselves. He
has put a case which will illustrate most happily
the difference between us. He supposes that an ar-
ticle is charged witli 40 per cent, duty, and that 20
per cent, will produce, an equal amount of revenue,
because the reduction of the duty would double the
importation. To the purpose of revenue, then, it is
utterly unimportant which rate of duty you select.
But the senator would take tl#e smallest rate. Why
so? With a view to the interests of commerce.
Here, then, he takes his leave of the purpose of rev-
enue, and consults other interests. He is governed
in the exercise of this taxing or revenue power by
a regard to the commercial iudustry of the country,
with a view to foster and encourage it, and in doing
so adopts practically the principle of the protective
policy—to wit: that imposts are to be laid, not with
a view to the greatest amount of revenue alone, but
also to other important interests, affecting the gen-
eral prosperity. The senator is right thus far;
bni )>e confines his fostering care is the interests
of commerce alone. I would go further, and take
in the great and paramount interests of agriculture
and manufactures. He desires the greatest expan-
sion of commerce. I would regulate it so as to
make it a profitable commerce, conducing to the
prosperity of the whole community, rather than
exhausting the resources of our productive indus-
try. He omits the more important branches of that
industry—more important, because they are the ba-
sis of your commerce. You cannot engraft a pros-
perous commerce upon an idle and unproductive
population, and all experieuce has shown that a peo-
ple who cherish only one branch of industry can
never be extensively commercial. The principle of
protection has always been extended to commerce.
It has been a favored interest with this government
from its foundation to this moment. We have uni-
formly legislated for its encouragement, and have
expended immense sums for its protection. There-
has been but a single exception to this policy, and
that was a resort to the system of reciprocity trea-
ties, the operation of which has been severely felt
by your navigating interest. So far, the principle
of protection has been abandoned, a partial experi-
ment has been made of the free-trade theory, and
the folly of the measure has been most fully illus-
trated in the consequences.
Can the senator find a distinction in principle be-
tween one branch of industry and another? Will
he extend the fostering care of legislation to the one
hundred thousand people engaged in commerce, and
will he deny it to the millions employed in agricul-
tural and manufacturing pursuits? Is it constitu-
tional to protect the smaller interest, and not to pro-
tect the greater? Will he protect the fruits of our
domestic production, as exhibited in our commerce,
and deny it to the mass of labor which gives birth to
and sustains that commerce, and without which
commcrce must languish and die?
Mr. President, I will now proceed to consider the
merits of the act of 1842, as a question of ex-
pediency. The senator denounces the policy of
that law, denies its expediency, and proposes its re-
peal. Sir, in judging of the merits of that law, Ave
must look to its origin—to the exigency which called
it forth—to the origin and nature of the evil de-
manding a remedy. We can then judge whether
the remedy be appropriate. When this act was
passed, we had just gone through the most extraor-
dinary political revolution which this nation had
ever experienced. That revolution was produced
by the storm of adversity which had visited and
desolated the country. Your commerce had been
annihilated, your internal trade had ceased, industry
in all its various pursuits was suspended, and your
resources dried up. Your currency was deranged,
confidence destroyed, the produce of the country
rotting upon your hands, property of every descrip-
tion depreciated, your nation and your people were
involved in debt, and general bankruptcy, ooth na-
tional and individual, impending. Alarm and des-
pondency prevailed. Your people were reaping
the bitter fruits of an ill-judged nationalipolicy and of
misguided legislation. The convulsive agony which
ensued produced that revolution. When the 27th
Congress met, it met under the tremendous respon-
sibility imposed by the distress, the expectation,
and the demands of the country. We were sent
here to rescue that country from approaching ruin,
to restore her great interests, to give new life to iter
industry, and redeem her from the consequences
of the reckless and fatal policy of those who pre-
ceded us. Should we disappoint the expectations
of those who sent us, we knew the consequen-
ces—we should be hurled from our seats by an in-
dignant people. Your heads (politically speaking}
would pay the foifeit of a failure. All admitted
the necessity of action, prompt and vigorous. We
proposed a protective tariff, a bank, the distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands, and a bank-
rupt law. The last was a temporary and very
limited measure, intended merely to relieve a class
of citizens who had been crushed by the calamities
which had befallen us. The distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands was intended to give re-
lief to the States in their corporate capacities; but
neither of these was regarded as reaching the root of
the evil, or adequate to the great end proposed to re-
store the lost prosperity of the nation. The bank
was never an especial favorite with me. I have
ever regarded the question of the currency as a sec-
ondary consideration. A paper currency you must
have. The increase of your specie circulation, to
keep pace with and supply the rapidly increasing
wants of this growing community, is impossible.
