ia*
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
yeas and nays;
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law that an assistant collector be appointed
to reside at the city of Brooklyn, who may enter
and clear-vessels as the assistant collector at Jersey
City, in the same district of New York, is author-
ized by law to do.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. LEONARD submitted the following resolu*
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be request-
ed to communicate to this House, as soon as may
be, a list of all the post-routes in the United States
now in operation, which do not defray the expenses
of said route; describing the number, commence-
ment, and termination of each, and the amount de-
ficient in each for the year 1843.
Mr. ELMER gave notice that he should ask leave,
to-morrow, or some convenient day, to introduce a
bill to erect a breakwater on the Crow shoals in the
Delaware.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. STRONG submitted the following resolution;
which lies over one day, on notice of debate:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America, in Congress assem-
bled, That they will close the present session of Con-
gress by adjourning sine die on Tuesday, the 7th day
of May, at 8 o'clock, p. m.
Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR offered the following
resolution, and called for the previous question:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-esentatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That this Congress will adjourn the present session
thereof sine die on Thursday, 30th day of May next,
at 8 o'clock, p. m.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. HOLMES objected to the reception of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER said that it was received, the
previous question having been called on it,
Mr. SEYMOUR called for the yeas a
which were ordered.
Mr. WELLER observed that, if the gentleman
wanted a direct vote on his resolution, he would
withdraw the motion to lay it on the table. He was
opposed to all humbugs of this sort, and would vote
against the resolution.
'Mr. LEWIS said that he had objected to the
regplution.
"tr,The SPEAKER replied, that the previous ques-
tion having been called at the time it was offered, ij
was hot in the power of the gentleman to object
to it.-
Mr. LEWIS wished to know if a member could
offer a proposition, and, by railing the previous
question, put it out of the power of the rest of the
members to object to it. If this could be done, the
right of the House to object was worth nothing.
Mr. L- appealed from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER said the point had been settled
by repeated decisions of the House.
Mr. LEWIS then observed, that if the point had
been decided by the House, he would withdraw his
appeal; but if such were the rules, he would not
give a farthing for the right of the H ouse to object
to the reception of any paper.
On putting the question, "will the House second
the demand for the previous question?" the vote was,
ayes 51, noes 74.
So the second to the previous question was re-
fused, and the resolution went over on notice of
debate.
Mr. BARNARD submitted the following resolu-
tion, and called for the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to report to this House an amended
bill, m place of bill No. 126, "making appropria-
tions for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers," which shall include in.said bill No. 126, an
appropriation for continuing the improvement of the
Hudson river above and below Albany, of such
amount as the said committee may deem expedient.
Mr. KALE moved to lay it on the table, but sub-
sequently withdrew his motion.
The question was put on the second to the previ-
ous question.
Messrs. Wcntworth and Dei.i.f.tt were ap
pointed tellers, and they reported 33 ill the affirm-
ative, and 84 m the negative. So there, was no
tfcond
HAMLIN then expressed his desire to de-
bate that resolution, and it went over in conse-
quence.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. CLINTON submitted a resolution to fix the
three first days of the month of April for territorial
business.
Mr. A. V. BROWN said it was usual to fix three
days of every session for the consideration of terri-
torial business, and he hoped the resolution would
not be objected to.
The resolution was agreed to.
THE NATURALIZATION LAWS,
Mr. PRATT obtained permission to introduce a
bill, of which he had hitherto given notice, amend-
atory of an act to amend an act concerning naturali-
zation, approved May 24, 1828. It was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. KIRKPATRICK moved the printing of one
thousand extra copies of a document which had
been submitted to this House, containing a letter
from Commodore Stewart on the subject of the
navy.
The motion was objected to, and therefore it went
on the calendar.
Mr. BIDLACK submitted a resolution, the pur-
port of which was not obtained. It was objected
to, and consequently went over.
On motion of Mr. C. M. READ,
Resolved, That the Committee of Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to improve the harbor at the mouth
of Elk creek, on Lake Erie, agreeably to surveys
made by the United States engineers.
On motion of Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL,
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to Congress (if not inconsistent, in his
opinion, with the public interest) the correspondence
between the Secretary of State and the United States
minister at London, and between the two govern-
ments of the United States and England, relative to
the colony of Liberia, in Africa.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of establishing a pension agency at Wytheville,
Virginia, for the counties of Lee, Scott, Russell,
Tazewell, Mercer, Giles, Pulaski, Montgomery,
Carroll, Grayson, Wythe, Smythe, and Washing-
ton.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post-route from New Martinsville, Vir-
ginia, via Sistersville, in Virginia, to Parkershurg.
Mr. W. HUNT offered the following; which, be-
ing objected to, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House such information as
may be in possession of the department in relation
to the military escort of traders from Independence,
Missouri, to the Mexican line, on the route to Santa
Fe, including the reports of the officer commanding
the escort, and all orders issued in relation thereto.
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY wished, before offering a
resolution which he held in his hand, to inquire
from the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
' whether that committee proposed to make any re-
port on the subject of reciprocity treaties.
Mr. HOLMES was understood to reply that that
subject was in the hands of a member of the com-
mittee to make a report thereon.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY then remarked that he
presumed it would not be objectionable to the com-
mittee if the House gave the instructions which
were contained in the resolutions which he offered,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing the following joint resolution in reference to cer-
tain reciprocity treaties:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repreeentatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby requested, whenever he shall deem it com-
patible with the public interest, to make known to
the governments of Denmark, Sweden, the Hanseat-
ic republics, Prussia, Austria, and Russia, in con-
formity with the stipulations of the existing com-
mercial treaties between said governments and the
United States, the desire and intention of this gov-
ernment to terminate such commercial treaties now
m force between said governments and the United
States as have contracted to allow the parties thereto
to import on equal terms, as regards duties on mer-
chandise and tonnage-, each into the ports of the
other, goods, wares, and merchandise, other than
those of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the
nation in whose vessels the same are borne.
2. Be it further resolved, That in all future negoti
ations which may opened with the aforesaid gov-
ernments, or any other, it is the policy of the United
States to confine the privilege of reciprocal importa-
tion, on equal terms as to goods and shipping, to
goods, wares, and merchandise, the product of the
contries from whence, and in whose ships, they are
imported, or to the product of such contiguous
countries .thereto as usually carry on their commerce
through the same.
The resolutions were agreed to.
COURTS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HOPKINS, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, obtained permission to introduce a bill reg-
ulating and fixing the times of holding the circuit
and criminal courts of Washington ana Alexandria,
and for other purposes.
The bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. BARRINGER offered "the following; which,
being objected to, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish this House with a copy of the
report and accompanying documents made by Wm.
Gibbs McNiel, late president of the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal company, addressed to the governor of
Maryland, if a copy of said report and documents
be in possession of the said Secretary.
Mr. ATKINSON offered the following; which,
being objected to, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing the employment in the navy of the United
States of a sufficient number of blacksmiths, to be
appointed, and to rank in the same manner as car-
penters in the like service. And that they also in-
quire into the expediency of abolishing the office of
port captain in the navy, and the receiving vessels at
Boston, New York, and Norfolk, and of using the
ordinary vessels now at those yards in lieu of them.
Mr. HOLMES offered the following resolution,
and called for the previous question:
Resolved, That the people of the slaveholding States
and Territories of this Union and the District of
Columbia have a right not only to their property in
slaves, but to their enjoyment of that right, in peace,
unmolested by federal action; and that the receipt of
any petition, memorial, or resolution, touching that
right, is an infraction of the constitution, a gross in-
terference with the rights of the States, and a dis-
turbance of the peace and safety of the Union.
Mr. HUNT moved to lay the resolution upon the
table; and upon this motion
Mr. HOLMES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. HUNT then withdrew his motion.
Upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, tellers were demanded, and Messrs. Belser and
Haralson appointed.
Mr. THOMPSON suggested that the resolution
be modified, so as to read "an infraction of the
'spirit' of the constitution." The modification was
refused.
Mr. ADAMS said he desired to debate the reso-
lution, and he desired therefore it should be laid
over.
The SPEAKER observed that it was now too
late, as the previous question had been demanded.
The votes were connted, and reported by the tel-
lers, as follows—59 in the affirmative, and 54 in the
negative.
There being a second,
The SPEAKER announced the question now to
be, "Shall the main question now be put'"
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to lay the question
upon the table; and upon this question the yeas
and nays were ordered.
Mr. WINTHROP desired to make an inquiry
respecting the admissibility of this resolution under
the 21st rule. [A laugh.]
The SPEAKER remarked that he did not con-
sider the resolution as interfering with that rule.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted—
yeas 63, nays 105, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Benton, James Black, Blackwell,
J. Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Biiffington, Gary. Coles, Dana,
R. D. Davis, Dean, Punlap, Elmer, Fartee, Foster, Byram
