CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hardin, Hays, Herrick, Hopkins,
HubbeU, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenks,Cave Johnson,Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Leonard, Lyon, McClel-
land, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Moore, Murphy. Owen, Par-
menter, Patterson, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, Ritter, Russell,
St. John, Sample, T. H. Seymour,JpiDavid L. Seymour,
Simons, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Andrew
Stewart, J. Stewart, Sykes, Wheaton, Williams, William
Wright, and Yost—63. *
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Atkinson, Baker,Barringer,
Beardsley, Belser, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, Bossier,
Bowlin, Boyd, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Causin, R. Chapman, Clinch, Clinton, Cobb,
Collamer, Cranston, Cullom, Daniel, Garret Davis, John
W. Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Drom-
goole, Ellis, Fickiin, Fish, Foot, French, Giddings, Grin-
nell, Grider, Hammett, Haralson, Harper, Holmes, Hoge,
Houston, Hubard, Hudson, Hughes, Irvin, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King,
Labianche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClernand, McCon-
nell, McKay, Matthews, Joseph Morris, Mosely, Newton,
Norris, Payne, Peyton, ElisliaK. Potter, Emery D. Potter,
Preston, Ramsey, Charles M. Read. David S. Reid, Red-
ing, Relfe, Rhett, Rockwell, Rogers, Saunders, Senter,
Severance, Simpson, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert
Smith, Stiles, Stone, Summers, Thomasson, Thompson,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Went,
worth, Wethered, White, Winthrop, and Joseph A. Wright
—105.
So the motion to lay on table was negatived.
Mr. BELSER offered the following resolution as
a substitute for that of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] and asked him to accept it
as a modification. Mr. B. said he would inform the
House that the resolutions were the same as were
adopted at the democratic national convention, held
at Baltimore in May, 1840:
"Resolved, That justice and sound policy forbid the
federal government to foster one branch of industry
to the detriment of another, or to cherish the inter-
ests of one portion to the injury of another portion
of our common country; that every citizen and every
section of the country has a right to demand and in-
sist upon an equality of rights and privileges, and to
a complete and ample protection of persons and
property from domestic violence or foreign aggres-
sion.
"Resolved, That Congress has no power, under
the constitution, to interfere with, or control the do-
mestic institutions of the several States; and that such
States are the soleand proper judges of everything ap-
pertaining to their own affairs, not prohibited by the
constitution; that all efforts of the abolitionists or
others, made to induce Congress to interfere with
questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps in re-
lation thereto, are calculated to lead to the most
alarming and dangerous consequences; and that all
such efforts have an inevitable tendency to diminish
the happiness of the people, and endanger the sta-
bility and permanency of the Union, and ought not
to be countenanced by any friend to our political in-
stitutions."
The question was j)ut on reconsidering the vote
on seconding the previous (juestion.
Mr. ADAMS asked if it was in order to move a
call of the House.
The SPEAKER said that it was not, the pre-
vious question having been seconded.
Mr. DICKINSON moved to lay the question of
reconsideration on the table: rejected.
The question being put on reconsidering the vote
seconding the previousjquestion, it was carried—
ayes 86, noes 37.
So the vote seconding the previous question was
reconsidered.
Mr. HAMLIN said he was willing to vote for
the resolution at the proper time; but that he was
not willing to vote without being heard. He there-
fore gave notice of his intention to debate it.
The question was again put on the second to the
previous question, and decided in the negative.
Mr. ADAMS then gave notice of his intention to
debate the resolution, and it went over.
Mr. HOLMES said he would withdraw his reso-
lutions, and offer, as a substitute for them, the reso-
lutions just offered by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Belser.]
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman having
offered a resolution, and notice of debate having
been given on it, he could not offer another.
Mr. CRANSTON moved that the House ad-
journ; but the yeas and nays being called for, with-
drew his motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina then offered
a resolution in the same words as that offered by
Mr. Belser, and called the previous question on it.
Mr. BLACK asked if it was in order to offer an
amendment.
The SPEAKER said that it was not.
Mr. BLACK asked the gentleman from South
Carolina to accept an amendment he wished to offer
as a modification of his (denying the power of Con-
gress to legislate on the subject of slavery in the
Territories and in the District of Columbia;) and
Mr. B.'s amendment having been read for informa-
tion—
Mr. CAMPBELL declined, saying that the gen-
tleman would have an opportunity of offering it
himself when the State of Georgia was called.
The question was put on seconding the call for
the previous question, and decided in the affirmative
—ayes 86, noes 36.
Mr. HUNT of New York moved to lay the reso-
lutions on the table: rejected.
The main question having been ordered,
Mr. SEYMOUR called for a division of the ques-
tion on the first and second branches of the resolu-
tions, which was ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Mr. VINTON called for a further division of the
question, so as to take it first on the first branch of
the first resolution, which was also ordered.
The question was then taken on the first branch
of the first resolution, as follows:
"Resolved, That justice and sound policy forbid
the federal government to foster one branch of in-
dustry to the detriment of another, or to cherish the
interests of one portion to the injury of another
portion of our common country."
The roll being called thfough,
Mr. STETSON rose, before the vote was an-
nounced, and said he observed two of his colleagues
in their seats whose names were not recorded—the
one from Albany, the capital of the State, and the
other from a more western part of New York.
There was a rule which required all gentlemen in
the House to vote when their names were called;
and, as this was an important subjcct, he desired
that his colleagues should have an opportunity to
record their names. (He was understood to allude
to Mr. Barnard and Mr. Moseley.)
Mr." PRATT desired to record his name, and
he voted "ay."
The SPEAKER rose to announce the vote.
Mr. STETSON interposed, and said his col-
leagues had not yet voted.
The SPEAKER
replied that he did not feel at
liberty to call upon any gentleman to vote unless
they themselves desired it.
Mr. BARNARD inquired if his colleague was
particularly anxious that he should vote on the ab-
stract resolutions of the Baltimore convention, al-
though he was not within the bar when his name
was called.
Mr. STETSON remarked that he had no desire
on that subject on any private ground, but as con-
nected with the public interests.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY made some remark, which
was not distinctly heard.
The SPEAKER then announced the vote yeas
166, nays 3—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Atkinson, Baker, Bar-
ringer, Beardsley, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black,
James Black, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brink-
erhoff, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William
J. Brown, Bulfiington, Burke, Buit, Caldwell, Campbell,
Car^, Catlin. Causin, Reuben Chapman, Clinch, Clingman,'
Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Cross, Cullom,
Dana, Daniel, Garret Davis, Richard D. Davis, John W.
Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fickiin, Fish, Foot,
French, Giddings, Byram Green, Grider, Hale, Ham-
lin, Haralson, Hardin, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Holmes,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hudson,
Hughes, Hungerford, Washingson Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Jameson, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King, Daniel P.
King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas,
Lumpkin, Lyon, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, Mc-.
Dow ell, Mcllvaine, McKay, Mathews, Moore, E.J.Morris, J.
Morns, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Patter-
son, Payne, Peyton, Emery D. Potter, Preston, Purdy, Ram-
sey, Rathbun, Ravner, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett,
Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sample,
Saunders, Schenck, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, David L.
Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Albert Smith, John
T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Stiles,
Stone. Strong, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Went-
worth, Wethered, Wheaton, White, Woodward, William
Wright, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—166.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Grinnell, and Winthrop—3.
The question then recurred on the second branch
of the resolution, which was as follows:
"That every citizen, and every section of the coun-
try, has a right to demand and insist upon an equal-
ity of rights and privileges, and to a complete and
ample protection of persons and properly frOmdo-
mestic violence or foreign aggression." -
On this the yeas and nays were taken, and result-
ed—yeas 171, nays none—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Ashe, Atkinson,; Ba^
ker, Barringer, Beardsley, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, Edward
J, Black, James Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin,
Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown,
Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Buffingtqp, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Cary, Catlin, Causin, Reuben Chap-
man, Clinch, Clingmafl, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Collamer,
Cranston, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis, U. D-
Davis, J. W. Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dickinson, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee, ffflkJin, Fish, jToot, Foster.
French, Giddings, Grinnell, Grider, Hale* Hamlin, Hammett,
Haralson, Hardin, Harper, Henley, Herriok, Holmes, Hop-
kins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hudson, Hughes, Hunger*
ford, Washington Hunt, J. B. Hunt, J. R. Ingex?o«j Jame-
son, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, A.
Geo. W. Jones, J. P. Kennedy, Preston King. DaniO* *'
King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Luca*.-
Lumpkin, Lyon, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell,
McDowell, Mcllvaine, McKay, Mathews, Moore, J. Morris-,
Morse, Moseley, Murphy, Nes, Norris, Owen, Parmenter,
Patterson, Payne, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter,
Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Rathbun, Rayner, Charles M. Read,
David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Rockwell, Ro-
fers, Russell, St. John, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Senter,
everance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Si*
mons, Simpson, Slidell, Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thos.
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson,
Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Stro.ng, Sum-
mers, Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Wood-
ward, Jos. A. Wright, and Yost—371.
NAYS-None.
The question then being upon the adoption of
the second resolution,
Mr. HARDIN moved that it be divided; and that
the first part end with the word "constitution." _
Mr. RHETT asked to be excused from voting
upon this resolution, for the reason that it declared
that Congress had no power to interfere with sla-
very in the States, inroducing the question of juris-
diction; and he did not intend, by any vote of his,
to decide that Congress had no right to control the
question.
The question was put, "Shall the gentleman be
excused from voting.11'1 and decided m the nega-
tive.
Mr. PAYNE asked to be excused from voting, for
the same reasons as those assigned by the gentle-
man from South Carolina.
He was not excused.
Mr. E. J. BLACK asked to be excused from
voting, because the first part of the resolution denied
the constitutional power of Congress to abolish slave-
ry within the States of this Union; and the second
part said nothing about the constitutional power, but
placed the question wholly on the ground of expe-
diency, and thereby conceded the constitutional
power of Congress to abolish slavery. He there-
fore asked to be excused.
The question was put, and he was not excused.
The yeas and nays were then taken upon the first
part of the second resolution; which is as follows:
"Resolved, That Congress has no power, under
the constitution, to interfere with, or control, the do-
mestic institutions of the several States; and that
such States are the sole and proper judges of every
thing appertaining to their own affairs, not prohibited
by the constitution."
And resulted—yeas 151, nays 3, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Anderson, Ashe, Atkinson, Baker,
Barringer, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, James Black, Black-
well, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob BrinkerhofL
Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J.
Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Campbell, Cary, Catlin, Causin,
Reuben Chapman, Cbappell, Clinch, Clingman, Clinton,
Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Garrett Davis, Richard
D. Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dickinson, Dil-
lingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee. Fickiin,
Foster, French, Giddings, Byram Gfeen, Grider, Hale,
Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Hardin, Harper, Herrick,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hud-
son Hughes, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin. Jameson, Jenks, Cave-
Johnson, Perley B.Johnson, Andiew Johnson, George W.
Jones, John P. Kennedy. Pre&ton King, Daniel P. King,
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin
Lyon, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell. McDowell,
Mcllvaine, McKay, Mathews, Moore. Joseph Morris, Mose-
ley, Murphy, Nes, Newton, Norris, Owen, Paimenter,
Peyton, Emery D. Potter, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Chas.
M. Read, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Rockwell,
Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sample, Senter, Severance,
Thomas H Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Slidell.
Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thos Smith. Robert Smith
Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stew d.rt,
Stiles, Stone, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson, TiVuotts.
Tilden, Tucker, Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton, V, hit*
William Wright, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—1 ?i.
NAYS—Messis. Adams, Collanu-i. <md Vance— 3-
Mr. TILDEN moved that the House adjourn,
which was negatived.
