Feb. 1844.
Appendix to the congressional globe.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Phelps.
Senate.
Were you able to do so, you would derange the
commercial operations ef the world. Sir, what is
your paper currency? Nothing but the representa-
tion of your credit; and that credit, whether public
or private, rests upon your resources, and the use
you make of them. The paper of a bank is but the
imbodied credit of the community which deals with
it, and depends for its credit, and ultimate redemp-
tion, not upon the specie in the vault, but upon the
pecuniary responsibility of thoseto whom the bank
lends its credit. If you would have a sound curren-
cy, you must look to this foundation. Let your
productive industry, (the true source of wealth,) in
all its variety of pursuit, find full and profitable em-
ployment. Let it be well rewarded, give it prosper-
ity.in all its walks, clothe it with pecuniary respon-
sibility to meet its engagements, and rely upon it
your currency will take care of itself. Your banks
and your currency will be sound, if sustained by a
flourishing and solvent community; but neither can
be sustained if this basis be wanting. I had no
expectation that any regulation of the cur-
rency within the power of legislation would afford
adequate relief. 7 he derangement of the currency
lay at the surface of tilings—the evil to be reached
at the bottom. The deficiency in the revenue point-
ed to the measure which, in my judgment, was the
only measure calculated to revive the hopes of the
country. And that measure was a revision of the
tariff, and the adoption of such a system of imposts
as would raise the revenue to the standard of our ex-
penditure; and at the sarrfe time, by a wise dis-
crimination in its arrangement, revive the industry
and energies of the country, and thus restore the
foundation of national prosperity. This was the
whig policy.
And what was the policy of our adversaries? Ad-
herence to the sub-treasury—that odious measure
which had been so recently and so emphatically
condemned by the American people. Their policy
was to collect the revenue in gold and silver; and, by
the aid of iron chests and stone vaults, lock it up
securely from circulation. That the government
should dissolve its connexion with the people—take
care of itself and its treasures, and, with cold and
heartless selfishness, leave a suffering and, in that
event, ruined people, with all their great interests—
agricultural, manufacturing, and commercial—to
shift for themselves. Such was the relief which they
proposed.
Thus the issue was fairly formed. We had
tasted the fruits of the sub-treasury; their bitterness
had, more than perhaps any other measure of an
infatuated policy, contributed to that astounding
revolution which so speedily followed it. It
could hardly be expected of a whig Congress to ad-
here to it. No third course was proposed. None
could be by the ingenuity of man. Of free trade
and its theories we had had enough—yea, more
than enough. Sir, we adopted the good old policy
of protection—a policy coeval with your govern-
ment. The wisdom of the measure is apparent in
the reviving prosperity of the country.
Let us look a little further into the causes which
produced the disasters of the country. To discover
the remedy, we must comprehend the evil. What
was it that caused the tremendous revulson which
prostrated and well nigh ruined this people? Sen-
ators on the other side have heretofore told us that
was overtrading. Fir, they were right. It was
overtrading—not among ourselves, which could pro-
duce no such result—nor the excessive expoitation
of the productions of our industry which would
have led to the opposite resr.it, hut it v. as the exces-
sive importation of foreign productions, to an ex-
tent transcending our means of payment. Onr ex-
penditure had exceeded nor income: an immense
foreign debt was contracted, to be paid, not in our
own productions, but in specie. It was this debt
which pressed with resis'less weight upon the banks,
and drove them to the alternative of bankruptcy or
suspension. It was this pressure which annihilated
the currency, destroyed confidence, and arrested the
hand of labor. Sir, could that foreign debt have
been at any moment wiped out, as with a sponge,
the effect would have been, to all, resuscitation, new
life and vigor. 11 would have restored the currency
instantly.
Much has been said heretofore of the State delis,
as the cause of our embarrassments. Had the
amount of those loans been brought into the coun-
try in gold and silver, it would have, been a capital on
hand to meet your engagements. But, unfortu-
nately you had neglected your own industry and
your own resources. The manufacturers of Europe
had competed too successfully with your own. The
enormous amount ot those loans was received in
foreign fabrics, (woollens, cottons, iron,&c.,) which
in a few months were used up, consumed, and gone,
and you had nothing to show as the consideration of
your indebtedness. You were in debt to the extent
of two hundred millions; and for what' Literally,
for a dead horse.
The removal of the deposites has also been assign-
ed as the cause of the revulsion. Sir, although that
high-handed measure was a dangerous experiment,
and mischievous in the last degree, yet I cannot ad-
mit that it was the origin of the evil. No, sir; it was
only the shock to the crumbling edifice which first
disclosed to you, and to the world, that the founda-
tion of your credit had been already undermined.
Sir, the cause of the mischief is very simple and
intelligible. The remedy is equally so. Your ex-
penditure has exceeded your income. Draw upon
your resources, stimulate, protect, and encourage
your domestic industry, add to its production and
your wealth, increase your income, and curtail your
expenditure. This is the simple remedy adapted to
the evil, and this is the basis of the protective policy
and of the act of 1842.
That act is designed to effect both objects—to in-
crease the value and the production of labor, by
diversifying its pursuit; and to diminish expenditure
by supplying by our own industry in some measure
what we have been accustomed to purchase from
others.
Sir, we need the aid of no subtle speculation
of theoretical philosophers, no imported theories
from foreign nations, whose condition is differ-
ent, and whose interest and policy are antagonist to
ours, to teach us our true economy in this particu-
lar. I choose rather to borrow my opinions from
the sound judgment and practical sagacity of my
ancestors—to look to my native New England for
the elements of an economy which has been there
so successfully practised—to a generation now past
and gone, who, though located among her rocks and
hills, upon a barren soil, and beneath a wintry sky,
have yet exhibited to the world an example of in-
dustry and economy, and of comfort, competency,
and thrift, worthy the emulation of any people upon
earth.
Sir, the radical principle of their economy, a prin-
ciple equally applicable to nations as to individuals,
is comprised m this simple maxim: produce as
much as possible by the efforts of yout industry,
and keep your expenditure within your income.
While this simple and intelligible maxim is ob-
served, we cannot fail to prosper.
To effect the first of these objects, the great de-
sideratum is a proper distribution of labor. The
great difficulty is, that we are too exclusively agri-
cultural. Of many articles there is an over produc-
tion already, while the disparity is daily increasing
by the tide of emigration rolling so rapidly to the
fertile regions of the West. In this state of things,
you add nothing to the value of agricultural produc-
tion by increasing the quantity. When the max-
imum of demand is reached, further supply is val-
ueless, and additional labor is thrown away. By
diverting a portion of your labor into new channels
—to manufacturing pursuits—you take nothing from
agriculture, while you add to the aggregate value of
labor to the amount of your manufacturing produc-
tion. At the same time you dimmish, to the same
extent, your expenditure—the tax upon your agri-
cultural industry.
Mr. Piesident, I ill now procecd to notice some
of the uljiei turns lo thic< policy. The fusi iu order
and in nnpoitance is, thai it dcMroys commerce.
A greater fallacy than tins cannot iie conceived.
Gentlemen ask, with gieal emphasis, "Will vou
destroy commerce?" No, sir, v. <: design no such
thing—we anticipate no such thins:—we apprehend
it not. Our purpose is to regulate it as to make it,
subservient to the general prosperity, rather than a
perpetual dram of your resources—to give it a dif-
ferent result—to limit our importation to the amount
of our exportation, and prevent the over importa-
tion of foreign fabrics and the consequent burden of
foreign debt.
Nor does the policy which we advocate tend to
such a result. The experience of the world shows
the, contrary. Look at England. She has steadily,
perseveringly, obstinately, adhered to her protective
policy. She has profcted her agricultural industry
at home, and fostered her manufacturing interests
for centuries. What is the result? She is the most
commercial nation upon earth. Her manufactures
have been the bast.? of her commerce. She has
been the worksop of the world. Her manufactures
have found their way into every civilized and many
of the uncivilized nations of the earth; and in this
way the resources and the energies of the civilifced
world have been made tributary to ther prosperity
and her glory. Sir, we are following in her steps.
The exportation of cotton fabrics has already com-
menced. We formerly sent specie to China in ex-
change for her teas. We now send cotton goods.
Does any man imagine that our trade with China
will be diminished by the change? The same
fabric is sent to South America—to the East and
West Indies. The amount of this article exported
in the year 1842 exceeded three millions of dol-
lars. For this the productions of foreign coun-
tries are received in exchange; or if not, the very
representative of wealth, the gold and silver, is re-
mitted. The ability of every nation to sustain its
foreign commerce depends upon its production at
home. A people who export nothing can import
nothing. This has been the experience of the
world, and such it ever will be. If you would pur-
chase, you must secure the means of payment.
Give to your people the means of enjoying the lux-
uries of foreign importation, and you may rest as-
sured that the disposition will not be wanting. By
adding to the quantity and variety of your domestic
production, you add to your capacity for exporta-
tion, and of course for importaftou—your importa-
tion will correspond to your exportation. The great
mass of the exports of this nation must and always
will be returned in the productions of other coun-
tries. Thas your commerce will be increased, in-
evitably increased; and that upon the basis, not of
your credit, but of your domestic production. This
is the basis upon which your commerce should rest.
So long as it remains upon this footing, it will be
prosperous and profitable. But renew the system
of free trade, and of excessive importation, and the
result will be, as it has been, your commerce will be
undermined by the gradual exhaustion of your
means, your currency will be prostrated as it has
been, your credit abroad will be sacrificed; and what
is worse, your national character and honor will be
sacrificed with it.
Why is it that your foreign commerce has fallen
oft? Is it not that your people have become impov-
erished, and unable to purchase foreign goods? Large
importations have been made, and the goods reship-
ped—returned whence they came—for this reason.
Now, if you will restore your commerce and
your revenue, you must restore the ability of your
people. Diversify your labor, add to the variety of
exportable production, bring foreign nations in
your debt, and you may receive what you please in
payment.
Sir, my own observation has satisfied me on this
point. When the produce of the country in which I
reside bore a good price, and met with a ready sale,
the people of that section indulged freely in the con-
sumption of foreign imports. But no sooner did
that produce fall, that a general reduction took place.
The dealers in foreign goods will tell you that, after
the falling off of the prices of agricultural production,
not more than fifty per cent, of the amount of for-
eign goods was consumed.
Sir, if you would foster commerce, you must di-
versify the pursuits of labor—give it a reward in all
its walks, sufficient not merely for subsistence, but
to leave a surplus to be expended upon the comforts
or the luxuries of life. This done, your commerce
will prosper, and your revenue will be abundant.
Your own experience teaches this. While your
protective policy was in operation, commerce nour-
ished; but when you departed from it, commerce-
was destroyed, and revenue failed.
One of the rules adopted bv financiers, in esti-
mat the sources of revenue, is that the amount ol
your exportation determines the amount of your im-
ports: the, greater the amount of your exports, the
greater will be your importation. This is a correct
rule, because, in a healthy state of foreign trade, it
is but an exchange of commodities. What we de-
sire is, to bring that trade back to its proper footing;
to prune its excesses; to bring up your means to
your importation, or, what is the same thing, bring
down your importation to your means. Do not gen-
tlemen see the inevitable consequence ofthe protective
system? The more you diversify labor, and the
greater variety you produce of articles demanded or
saleable in a foieign market, the more you increase
your ability to export, and consequently your abil-
ity to import. And what constitutes commerce bus
exportation and importation?
Sir, if your foreign trade has taken a lyrong direo?
4
