CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4M
not willing to occupy in reference to any gentleman.
Mr. K. then read the following from the Intelligen-
cer, being a part of the report of the proceedings of
yesterday on the resolutions offered by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Campbell:]
"Mr. Barnard, referring to the personal interest
which his colleague [Mr. Stetson] manifested in
his behalf, said that if he (Mr. B.) had been within
the bar when his name was called, he might have
asked to vote. But he had not been in the House
since these abstract resolutions from Baltimore had
been in order.
"Mr. Stetson said it was proper for him, in ex-
planation, to state that it was for the public, and not
for his individual interest, that he had taken this
course.
"Mr. Kennedy, of Maryland. I 'hope the gen-
tleman does not hail from Baltimore. I have not
heard of him there."
He (Mr. K.) hoped the gentleman would under-
stand that this could not be correct. His allusion
was not to the gentleman, but to the resolutions;
and he remarked that they could not be considered
the resolutions of the citizens of Baltimore; he had
never heard of them there. He did not then know
that they were the resolutions of a convention held
in that city. He made this explanation, because,
by this statement, it would appear a most rude and
unprovoked attack.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana then renewed his motion
to suspend the rules, for the purpose of calling those
States for resolutions, which were not called yester-
day.
The motion did not prevail.
Mr. DAVIS asked leave to present some testimo-
ny to go to the Committee of Claims. Leave was
not granted.
REPORT ON RULES.
The order of the day being called for—
The SPEAKER announced the business in order
during the morning hour, to be a report of the Select
Committee on Rules with the amendments thereon,
and that the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Drom-
goole,] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he believed, that he
was himself entitled to the floor, having yielded only
for a motion for adjournment after submitting his
amendment, and he was not disposed to give up his
right.
Mr. DROMGOOLE observed, that so much had
occurred after he had submitted his amendment,
that he did not consider himself entitled to the floor
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he was desirous of
occupying the attention of the House for a very
short time.
Mr. WHITE rose to inquire how this matter
was going to be proceeded with, and whether the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] had
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER replied that the Chair under-
stood the gentleman from Virginia to have conceded
the right of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. C. JOHNSON proceeded. He was desirous
of calling the attention of the House, and particu-
larly of the democratic members, to the position in
which the rules of the House were now placed, and
of showing the necessity of adopting the amend-
ment which he had submitted the other evening as
a substitute for all the other propositions, the first
of which was the report of the select committee, and
secondly the proposition of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, creating a new set of rules.
If we undertake to vote on the rules of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and adopt
them, we must necessarily, if gentlemen in the op-
position choose it, vote on the yeas and nays one
hundred and eight times, besides on the varioussub-
divisions of which they are susceptible. Besides,
by adopting them, many important rules, deemed ne-
cessary for facilitating the business of the House,
would be left out—such as the "hour rule," the 21st
rule, and the rale enabling the majority, at pleasure,
to go in and out of committee. They would, also,
be deprived of the most important rule that had ever
been adopted for expediting the business of the
House—that of allowing members to present their
petitions at the Clerk's table, and have them leferred
to the appropriate committees. Now, suppose the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Dromgoole] was adopted: to arrive at that result
they must have the yeas and nays one hundred anu
eight times, if such is the pleasure of the opposition,
which would take nearly two weeks; and after that,
they would be deprived of some of the most im-
portant rules for facilitating the business of the
House. To show the inconvenience to which the
House might be subjected by the absence of one of
the rules to which he had-referred, he would relate
a circumstance that occurred here four years ago.
There was a bill before the House, which had been
debated for weeks, and which the House was de-
termined to pass. The gentleman from'New York
[Mr. BarnarX)] commenced a speech about sun-
down; and being really sick, entreated the House to
adjourn over to next day, to give him an opportuni-
ty of continuing his speech. The yeas and nays
were taken on the motion, and it was rejected. The
gentleman went on with his speech, and a number
of the members went to supper, leaving the House
without a quorum; when the member yielded the
floor to a motion to adjourn. A call of the House
ensued; and after that, the honorable gentleman, sick
as he was, continued the speech commenced at sun-
down till sunrise next morning.
Mr. BARNARD* here made an explanation not
materially differing as to facts.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON did not know that the
explanation given by the honorable gentleman made
the matter any better for him—it only proved more
strongly the necessity of having the rule; and he ven-
tured to say that without it, that member and some
others would occupy the time of the House for days,
and nights too, to the exclusion of its necessary and
important business. Now, as to this 21st rule, about
which all the difficulty had arisen. He had been ill
the House ever since the abolition subject was first
agitated, and was well familiar with all the circum-
stances which led to its adoption. "When it first
commenced, southern members contended that there
ought to be no discussion on the subject at all—that
it was a subject with which Congress had nothing to
do; but it increased at such a rate as materially to
interfere with the transaction of business. Then the
Patten resolutions were adopted, after them the
Pinckney resolutions, then the Atherton resolutions,
and finally the 25th rule. lYow, how were all these
adopted? There were democratic members from the
north who voted with the whigs and democrats of
the south, and in that way all these resolutions and
the 21st rule were carried; and they could carry
them now in the same way, if all the southern mem-
bers would vote as they then did. But what had
they seen this session? The difficulty commenced
on a proposition for the adoption of rules for the
House, by a motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] to except the 25th rule. This
took place on the 23 December, 1843; and by that
vote, it was excepted. The vote stood 91 to 95.
When that was done he was struck with astonish-
ment to find that it was done by the votes of south-
ern whigs. If, said (Mr. J.) they had stood with us
as the northern democrats ha\ e done, we should have
carried that rule.
Mr. ADAMS said that the gentleman was mis-
taken in stating the question. The rule was sus-
tained by the vote he had just referred to; which
was 91 for abolishing the "rule, and 95 for retain-
ing it.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said that possibly he might
not have been mistaken in his recollections as to
the effect of the vote on thst occasion; but he was
not mistaken in his recollections of the vote given
the other day. We wanted (said Mr. J.) the sub-
ject to go over till the State of Maryland was repre-
sented, and till the representation of the State of
Georgia was completed, counting on the additional
votes from those gtates to retain the rule; but as
soon as the representation from those Suites was
full, how stood the vote? On the motion of his
honorable friend fiom Virginia to lay the whole
subject of the reports on the table, and by this
means leave the 25th rule in full force, as it was one
of the rules of the last Congress, which had been
provisionally adopted,—when they were called on
to vote on this subject, (to retain this 21st rule,) he
would ask the House—he would ask his democratic
friends, to reflect on the state of the vote then
given. Of the members from his State, (Tennessee,)
three of the whigs voted against saving this 25th
rule. From the State of Kentucky, three of the
whig party also voted against laying the subject on
the table; and from the State of Georgia, he was sor-
ry to find that one of his friends voted in the same
way.
Mr. BLACK asked permission of the gentleman
to explain his reasons for giving that vote. He
wished the gentleman to reply to his request, and to
grant or refuse it.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON declined yielding any
portion of his hour, unless to correct facts. He then
went on to say, that on the vote to which he was re-
ferring, he found that four of the whig members from
North Carolina also voted against the motion, to .lay
the subject on the table.^ From the State of Mary-
land, he found four whig members; from the State
ofVirginia, two; and from the State of South Qaroli-
na, one member; all voting against the retention, of
this rule, which was deemed so essential to the pres-
ervation of southern rights. In this way, there
were nineteen votes from the slaveholding States
against the motion to lay on the table, and conse-
quently against the retention of this rule.
Mr. CAUS1N asked permission to explain the
reasons for his vote; but Mr. J. declined giving
way.
Mr. C.JOHNSON continued. If (said Mr. J.)
on this question, deemed so important to the South,
all the representatives from the southern States had
gone with us, the rule would have been retained,
and would now be in full force. When (said Mr.
J.) I ask my northern demoeratie friends, who
have stood by us _ year after year, in sustaining this
rule, deemed so important to the preservation of
the rights of the South,still to assist us in maintaining
it, they answer, With what reason can you call on
us to sustain this rule, when we find southern mem-
bers voting against it? Considering this state of
things, lie deemed the 21st rule as lost; and that it
could never, under any circumstances, bo adopted.
Would the House then go on without rules, and
submit to the inextricable confusion and delay of
business that would consequently follow? What,
then, were they to do? If they adopted the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Massachusetts they
might be voting on it, rule by rule, till the 1st of April.
If they adopted the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] the result would
be the same; and in either case they would be de-
prived of several necessary and important rules for
the transaction of the business of the House, which
he had just referred to. He would then appeal to
his democratic friends whether the best course, un-
der all the circumstances, would not be to adopt the
amendment he had submitted. His proposition
was to adopt the rules of the last whig Congress,
with the exception of the 21st rule, to which the
whigs could not, of course, object; and then to pro-
vide, as a substitute for that rule, a clause which was
nothing more nor less than the Atherton resolutions*
In submitting this proposition, he did not mean
to say that he preferred it to the 21st rule, which he
had voted for and would rather ha\'e; but he was
satisfied that he could not get it, and wss therefore
willing to take the next best thing that he could get.
He wished to put a stop to the continued agitation
of this subject, and the tedious, useless debate that
so materially interfered with the business of the
House.
He had voted for the Atherton resolution, and
the Pinckney resolutions; in short, he had voted for
all these rules, with a view to promote the public
business. He now desired to stop this useless de-
bate, and he would vote for any rule that would
accomplish that end. If they could not get the 21st
rule, he entreated the House to get the next best
thing, and go on and do the business of the coun-
try.0 He went on to show the advantage taken of
this subject by Southern whigs, and the manner in
which they sought to hold Mr. Van Buren and his
friends responsible for the consequences, whatever
they might be.
A message was here received from the Senate, by
the hands of Asbuuy Dickins, esq., its Secretary,
transmitting several bills which hod been passed by
the Senate.
Mr. C. JOHNSON resumed, and said the sole
object he had in view was to get some rale whereby
they could do the business of the House. As to
the 21st rule he cared nothing about it, any further
than as it operated on the business of the House.
Mr. HALE remarked that he had not heretofore
troubled the House upon this exciting subject; not
because he had not thought much, and had settled
priociples upon it, but for other reasons with which
he would not troubls ^the House. But feeling re-
sponsible, as one of the representatives of the people,
for the waste of time that had already occurred,
and was still likely to occur if this debate continued,
and believing that no possible good could accrue to
any body from its longer continuance, he moved
the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN, Mr. E. J. BLACK, and oth-
ers, desired him to withdraw that motion,_ to give
them an opportunity to speak on the question.
