March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
and common, although diversified interests, and not
as representing local and conflicting' interests and
opinions. While 1 have the honor of a seat here, I
cannot be brought to consider myself the mere rep-
resentative of a State, , having in charge its peculiar
interests only, to be regarded as antagonist to those
of all others, and promoted at their expense; but my
design and purpose shall be to act for all, to legis-
late for the welfare of each and every section, and
thus promote the prosperity of all. It is this sort of
union, carried out in harmonious action here, which
I wish to preserve—a union cemented by a com-
munity of interest and purpose, and perpetuated by
mutual good will and mutual confidence. Let the
people of this country, and every portion of them,
understand and feel that the interest of every sec-
tion is here considered and protected, that no sacri-
fice is to be made by any except when demanded
by the common weal, and that a patriotic and cath-
olic spirit guides your deliberation and your action,
and you have, in their confidence in the government
of their choice, the strongest assurance of its stabil-
ity. But satisfy them that each senator on this
floor acts for his own section only; convince them,
by your arguments and speeches here, that the in-
terests of different sections of this country are con-
flicting and irreconcilable, or if not, that you in your
legislation will so treat them; that Congress is but
the arena upon which these rival interests are
brought into conflict—and the weaker section,
whichever it may be, will soon talk of oppression,
and soon threaten dissolution.
But, sir, attached as I am to this Union, I cannot
consent that Congress, in the exercise of its legal
and constitutional powers, shall be driven from a
policy which it shall deem essential to the prosperi-
ty and happiness of this people, by threats of disso-
lution from any quarter. If, in the honest exercise of
its discretion, Congress should deem the protective
policy a mistaken policy, and see fit to abandon it, I
would stand by the constitution, and seek a remedy in
the forms it prescribes I would appeal to the sound
judgment of the American people, and look to a
'future Congress for a wiser and better policy. But,
sir, if we were to act here under duresse—if we arc
to be deterred from adopting such measures as we
deem the only course of policy which can resusci-
tate this people, and restore their fallen fortunes—if
this policy or the Union must be abandoned, let the
Union go—the policy 1 will not abandon. When
the period shall arrive that this body shall be driven
from the discharge of its duty by such an influence,
you will have neither government nor Union left.
The one will be a lifeless form, the other but a name.
You will have no motive to keep together, but the
wretched consolation of companionship in misfor-
tune and disgrace. If the honorable senator from
South Carolina will advert to the appalling picture
which he presented of the desolation which is to be
visited upon New England when this policy of pro-
tection is abandoned, and will present to me the al-
ternative of dissolution on the one hand, and the
surrender of the constitutional powers of this gov-
ernment, and the utter rum and desolation of my
native land on the other, he will pardon the declara-
tion that, if the Union is to be preserved only at such
sacrifices, in God's name, let disunion come.
But, sir, I have no fears on this subject. Much
is said of a certain spirit prevailing at the North.
This, too, is said to threaten the integrity of this
Union. It is said there are fanaticism and folly
there. If so, I regret it. Would to God there were
fanaticism and folly no where else in this country.
There will be everywhere periods of excitement and
extravagance. It is idle to attempt to prevent it; and
it is useless to be alarmed. Sir, I profess to know
something of the people of the North. They are a
people not to be muzzled. The peculiar institutions
of the South, and the peculiar institutions of any
other people in which they take an interest, they
will discuss freely and boldly. The enjoyment of
their own opinion, and the free expression of that
opinion, upon any great question of mora! right, of
philanthropy, or political expediency, is a right
which they will never sunender. But I know,
also, their attachment to the constitution and the
Union. It is an attachment which 110 spirit of fanat-
icism can overcome. They are a people devoted to
law and order. They know their own rights^ and
they know and respect the rights of others. I here
will be no unauthorized interference with the pow-
ers of self-government, conceded to the people of the
South. They have a veneration for the constitu-
tion, and will not violate its guaranties; and I assure
the senator that he need feel no alarm IVom lhat
source. No sacrilegious hand from that quarter will ■
be laid upon the altar.
I have as little fear, sir, of threats from another
quarter. I know the patriotism of the honorable
senator himself. I know the patriotism of his con-
stituency. They are not yet prepared to dissolve
this' glorious Union. Excited and hasty they may
be; but the period of returning sanity will arrive.
They will jiause before the fatal work is com-
menced.
I have full confidence that they will submit to the
will of the majority, constitutionally expressed.
The senator will permit me to go further; I am con-
fident that the period is not far distant when they
will be satisfied that the policy which 1 now advo-
cate is the true policy of the countiy, and when they
will tuiite with rac in sustaining it.
Sir, these threats of dissolution, come from what
source they may, are but idle wind. We may talk
of dissolution—we may bluster and threaten; but
that man does not live, at least in this country, who
dares be the first to lift his hand to execute the
threat.
It was with infinite regret that I heard the decla-
ration of the honorable senator from South Carolina,
that if he failed in his efforts to prostrate this system
of policy, lie would shake off the dust of his feet as
a testimony against us, and leave these halls for-
ever. Sir, ) trust the senator will reconsider that
resolution. I trust lie will not withdraw from the
public councils the aid of his great talents and long
experience, simply because his own peculiar opin-
ions cannot in all rcspects be adopted. That he
will remain at his post, and unite with me in sus-
taining the constitution and the institutions of the
country. We will shake off the dust of our feet
only when we shake off this "mortal coil;" and
even then we will leave our dying injunction upon
our children, to stand by the constitution as we have
done, and our last prayer shall be that it may en-
dure forever.
SPEECH OF MR. BUCHANAN,
of pennsylvania,
hi Senate, March 12,1844.—On the Oregon question.
The following resolution offered by Mr. Semple
being under consideration:
Reioh'fd, That the President ol' the United States be re-
quested to give notice to the Bntish government that it 13
the desire ol tile government ot tlie t.mted states to annul
and ablegate the provisions of the third article ol' the con-
vention concluded between the government of the United
States of America and his Britannic AJajistj- the Kins; ol tlie
United Kingdom of C11 e.it J3riUm and Ireland on the 20lh
October, ISIS, and indefinitely continued bythe con\ ention
between the same parties, sigiieJ at London the 6tli August,
18-2T.
Mr. BUCHANAN rose and said:
Mr. President: 1 feel deeply impressed with the
importance of the question no'w under discussion,
and of the necessity wluch exists l'or its speedy ad-
justment. My conviction is strong that a peaceful
settlement of this question can only be accomplished
by prompt but prudent action on the part of this
government. We, arc all anxious that it should be
settled 111 peace; and there is 110 senator on this floor
mote anxious for such a happy consummation
than myself. Whilst, this is the desne of my heart,
I am yet firmly convinced that the mode by which
senators 011 the other side desire to attain this desira-
ble end will utterly fail. Already we are sending
numerous emigrants cvciy year across the Rocky
mountains; anil we are sending them theie without
the protection of law, and without the restraints of
civil government. We have left them, hjtheito, to
the unlimited control of their own passions. We
must send them laws and a regular form of govern-
ment. We must take them under our protection,
ami subject them to the restraints of law, if we would
prevent collisions between them and the British oc-
cupants—the servants and people of the Hudson Bay
company. This we must do, if wc would preserve
peace between the two nations. The present is a
question, not of mere theoiy, but of practical states-
manship; and I sinceicly hope that such a course
may be pursued as will sustain the rights of the
country to the territory in dispute, and, at the same
time, preserve the peace of the world.
I care, but little as to the mere form of the resolu-
tion proposed by the senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Semi'LE-I If it. be not altogether perfect,, it can easily
be amended. This I shall say, however: we ought
not to expect that the President, under existing cir-
cumstances, would assume the responsibility of giving
the proposed noticc for the purpose of terminating the
treaty of joint occupancy, without the sanction of one
or both Houses of Congress. The treaties of 1818
and 1827 are the law of the land. They were rati-
fied by the constitutional majority of two-thirds of
the Senate; and their provisions have now been in
force for more than a quarter of a century. It could
not, therefore, be expected that the President would
give the proposed notice on his own reponsibility
alone. On the question of his abstract power to _ do
so, I express no opinion. Without any technical
objections to the mere form of the resolution, and
without further remark, 1 shall proceed at once to
the statement and discussion of the main question.
The third article of the convention of the 20th of
October, 1818, between the United States and Grr^at
Britain, contains an agreement that the country on
the northwest coast of America, westward of the
Stony mountains, during the term of ten years, with
its harbors, bays, and creeks, and the navigation of
its rivers, "shall be free and open to the vessels, cit-
izens, and subjects of the two powers," without
prejudicing the claim of either party to the territory
in dispute. The provisions of this third article
were extended for an indefinite period by the con-
vention of the 6th of August, 1827; subject, how-
ever, to the condition, that either of the parties, "on
giving due notice of twelve months to the other con-
tracting party," might "annul and abrogate this
convention." The question, then, is, shall we ad-
vise the President to give this notice?
If our government should annul the .convention,
then each of the parties will be restored to its origi-
nal rights. In what condition would the United
States then be placed? The northern boundary of
Mexico, on the Pacific, is the forty-second parallel
of north latitude. By separate treaties between the
United States and Russia, and Great Britain and
Russia, this power lias relinquished all claim to any
territory on the northwest coast of America, south
of the latitude of fifty-four degrees and forty min-
utes. Thus the territory in dispute embraces that
vast region extending along the Pacific ocean, from
the forty-second degree of north latitude to fifty-four
degrees and forty minutes north, and running east
along these respective parallels of latitude to the
summit of the Rocky mountains. Now, sir, to the
whole of this territory—to every foot of it—I be-
lieve most firmly that we have a clear and conclu-
sive title. This has not been denied by any sena-
tor. Under the public law of Christendom, which
lias regulated the rights of nations on such ques-
tions ever since the discovery and settlement of the
continent of America, the validity of our title can
be demonstrated. I shall, myself, attempt to per-
form this duty on a future and more appropriate
occasion, when the bill to establish a territorial gov-
ernment for Oregon shall come before the Senate,
unless, in the mean time, it shall be accomplished by
some senator more competent to the task.
The materials for this work of mere condensation
and abridgment arc at hand. Th®y are all to be
found in the powerful speech of the new senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Breese,] which has made such
a favorable impression upon the body; in the able
and convincing treatise on the subject by a distin-
guished citizen of Philadelphia, (Peter A. Browne;)
and, above all, by the facts and arguments, the labor
of years, collected and presented by Mr. Greenhow,
in his History of California and Oregon, which has
exhausted the subject, and left not a doubt of the
validity of our title.
Assuming, then, for the present, with the senator
fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,] that our title
is undoubted, I shall proceed directly to discuss the
question whether we should give the notice pro-
posed by the resolution.
And, in the first place, I shall contend that, if we
desire to bring the negotiation to a speedy and suc-
cessful teimination—if we wish to make any treaty
with England at all upon the subject,—it is indis-
pensably necessary that we should give the notice.
And why? Frem the plainest principles of com-
mon sense, and from tire policy which governs na-
tions, it cannot be expected—nay, it ought not to be
expected—that England will voluntarily surrender
the Oregon territory, or any part of it, while the pres-
ent treaty exists, under which she now enjoys the
whole. The status in quo (as writers on public law
call it) is too favorable to her interests to expect any
such result. She now holds, and has held, the ex-
clusive possession of the territory for more than n
quarter of a century, for every purpose for which
she desires to use it at the present. The Hudson
Bay company have claimed high merit from the
British government for having expelled our hunters
