846
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
and traders from the country. We have been in-
formed by the senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] and other western senators, that this com-
pany—either directly, by their own agents, or indi-
rectly, by the Indians under their control—have
murdered between four and five hundred of our fel-
low-citizens, who had crossed the Rocky mountains
for the purpose of trading with the natives, and of
hunting the fur-bearing animals which abound in
those regions. They have driven away all our citi-
zens whose pursuits could interfere with their prof-
its. Under the existing state of things—under the
present treaty of joint occupation,—they have the
whole country to themselves, and all the profits to
be derived from its possession. The Hudson Bay
company now enjoys the monopoly of the fur trade,
which has poured millions into its coffers, and has
greatly promoted the commerce and furnished a mar-
ket for the manufactures of the mother country.
The truth is, that the present treaty of joint occupa-
tion, although reciprocal between the two nations in
point of form, has proved beneficial in point of fact
to England, and to' England alone. She has at pres-
ent all she can desire; and any change must be for
the worse. Why, then, should she consent to di-
vide the possession of this Territory with the Uni-
ted States? Why should she he willing to surren-
der any part, when she now enjoys the whole?
Even if we were to yield to her monstrous proposi-
tion to make the Columbia river the boundary be-
tween the two nations, still would she not desire de-
lay, enjoying already, as she does, the practical
ownership of the whole territory south, as well as
north, of that river?
Knowing the policy which has always actuated
t.he British government, I should not be astonished,
if we could penetrate the cabinet of Mr. Pakenham,
to find there instructions to this effect:—Delay the
settlement of the question aa long as you can; the
longer the delay the better for us; under the existing
treaty we enjoy the whole of the fur trade; under it
we now possess far greater advantages than we can
expect under any new treaty.
They have already all they desire; and, my life
upon it, there will be no new treaty, if the Senate
should, as I have no doubt they will, lay this reso-
lution upon the table for the reasons which have
been urged in the debate. Sir, if this resolution
should be laid upon the table, accompanied by the
able and eloquent arguments of senators on the
other side—by the argument of the senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] in favor of continu-
ing the present treaty of joint occupation for twenty
years longer, and that of the senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Miller] against the policy of sending
our citizens to settle in Oregon at all—in my opin-
ion, it will be utterly vain even to hope for the con-
clusion of any treaty. Great Britain will be glad to
enjoy all the benefits of her present position for an-
other quarter of a century.
But if the notice were once given—if it were thus
rendered certain that the present treaty must expire
within a year, the British government would then be-
gin to view the subject in a serious light. They
would then apply themselves in earnest to the settle-
ment of the question. We owe it to Great Britain—
we owe it to our own country, to render this a serious
question; not by offering threats, for these would be
unworthy of ourselves, and could produce no effect
upon such a power—but by insisting, in a firm but
respectful tone, that the dispute which has so long
existed been the two nations must now be termina-
ted. When that power shall discover that we are
at last in earnest and determined to urge the contro-
versy to a conclusion, then, and not till then, will
she pay that degree of respect to our rights and to
our remonstrances "which the proud soul ne'er
pays but to the proud."
It is not by abandoning our rights—it is not by
giving to Great Britain another quarter of a century
for negotiation, that we can ever secure to ourselves
our own territory now in her possession. Until
the notice shall be given—judging from the selfish
principles which unfortunately too much influence
the conduct of nations, as well as individuals—there
will be no adjustment of the boundary question. If,
upon the mere arrival of a British minister, (and he
not a special minister like Lord Ashburton, as had
been rumored, but a resident envoy extiaordinary,)
we shall a second time arrest our proceedings winch
had been commenced long before his name was
mentioned for this appointment, and greet, him with
the declaration that we are willing to wait for
twenty years longer, then a treaty will become im-
My second proposition is, that to arrest all legis-
lative action at the present moment, and under ex-
isting circumstances, would evince a tame and subser-
vient spirit on our part towards Great Britain, which,
so far from conciliating, would only encourage her
to persevere in her unjust demands. I would ask,
when has England, in her foreign policy throughout
her long and eventful history, ever failed to make
one concession the ground for demanding another?
A firm and determined spirit is necessary to obtain
from her both respect and justice.
The senator from Massachusetts has informed us
that "this controversy had not heretofore been con-
sidered as very urgent;" and has stated that "if we
had waited so quietly for twenty-six years for the
adjustment of this question, he did not see why we
should not wait six months longer, instead of adopt-
ing this measure now." But is not the senator
mistaken in supposing that we had waited thus
quietly for so long a period? The question has not
slept for a quarter of a century. So far from this,
that fiom the clay when Lewis and Clark, in 1805,
crossed the Rocky mountains, until the pres-
ent hour, we have been incessantly agitating the
subject, and urging our title to the territory in dis-
pute. I requested the executive secretary of the
Senate to hunt up all the volumes containing public
documents on this subject. 1 am sorry that I omit-
ted to count the number of these volumes; but I
feel confident they exceeded twenty. Ever since I
have occupied a seat in Congress, (which is now
more than twenty years,) the American people, by
their senators and representatives, have been con-
stantly urging the settlement of this question, but
urging it in vain. We wore in possession of the
mouth of the Columbia before the late war; and this
possession, of which Great Britain had deprived us
by force, was restored to us after the peace under
the treaty of Ghent. In an evil hour, under the
treaty of 1818, we voluntarily surrendered to
that power a joint occupation with ouiselves of our
own territory. The British government is perfectly
satisfied with this treaty; and whilst it remains in
force, we may urge and complain until doomsday
without effect. From the time when Governor
Floyd of Virginia, who has for many years been
gathered to his fathers, introduced his 'resolution in
the other House, on the 10th December, 1821, rela-
tive to the occupation of the Columbia river and ter-
ritory of the United States adjacent thereto, the sub-
ject has, in some form or other, been brought before
each successive Congress. Since then, we have had
numerous President's messages and reports of com-
mittees, and other documents, in favor of asserting
our title by some act of possession; but all without
any successful result.
But even if we had been sleeping over our rights
for six and twenty years, I ask the senator, is this
any reason why we should slumber over them twen-
ty years longer? Is it not rather a convincing ar-
gument to urge us at last now to go to work in ear-
nest, and repan the evils consequent on our long de-
lay? But tne eftect of the argument of the senator
will still be—"a little more sleep; a little more slum-
ber; a little more folding of the hands to sleep;" whilst
Great Britain continues inthe actual possession of the
country, and has evinced a fixed determination to
hold it as long as possible.
My lamented friend, the late senator from Mis-
souri, (Dr. Linn,) who sat by my side in this cham-
ber, for se\eral years before his death, made the as-
sertion of our claims to this territory the chief bu-
siness of Ins useful and honorable life. He thought
that, when Lord Ashburton came to the country,
the propitious moment had at length arrived for the
settlement of this long-agitated and dangerous ques-
tion. His lordship was hailed as the minister of
peace and as the harbinger of a new era of good
feeling between the two nations. Mr. Webster
himself proclaimed that this special minister was in-
trusted with full power to settle all our questions in
dispute with Great Britain. We all recollect with
what enthusiasm his advent was hailed. Dr. Linn,
upon the advice of his friends, (myself amongst
the number,) ceased to urge the Oregon question oil
this flooi, as soon as the negotiation commenced,
in the full and confident expectation that it would
be finally settled by any treaty which might be con-
cluded. I hope the Senate will pardon me for say-
ing a few words here in reference to my deceased
friend. In him were combined the most opposite
and the most admirable qualities of our nature, in
more striking contrast than I have ever witnessed in
any other man. Gentle as the lamb, and mild as
the zephyr, he was yet bravo as the lion. "He had
a heart for pity, and a hand open as day for
melting charity;" but yet "was like the mustering
thunder when provoked." Human suffering al-
ways drew from him the tear of sympathy; and his
active benevolence never rested until he had at-
tempted to relieve the sufferer. He was one of the
ablest men who has held a seat in the Senate in my
day, and yet he was so modest and unpretending
that he never seemed sensible of his own ability,
and would blush at the faintest praise. If the first
settlers who shall boldly establish themselves in Ore-
gon under the ample folds of the American flag—not
those who may "enter the territory prudently
and silently"—do not call their first city after
his name, they will deserve the brand of ingrat-
itude. I have never known a man—a stranger to
my own blood—in the whole course of my life, to
whom I was more ardently attached.
In common with us all, Dr. Linn was firmly con-
vinced that the Oregon question would have been
settled by the late treaty. There was then every
reason confidently to anticipate such a result. Lord
Ashburton himself proclaimed that he had been iti-
tiusted with full powers to settle all the disputed
questions; and, from the condition of England at that
moment, no man could have doubted her desire to
remove all causes of dissension between the two
countries. Her annual revenue was insufficient for
her annual expenditure; she had suffered serious
reverses in the East, where she was waging two ex-
pensive and bloody wars; a large portion of her pop-
ulation at home appeared to be rapidly approaching
a state of open rebellion from misery and starvation;
and France, her ancient and powerful enemy, had
indignantly refused to ratify the quintuple treaty
granting her the right of search on the African coast.
This, I repeat, was the propitious moment to settle
all our difficulties; but it was not improved, and I
fear it has passed away forever. Who could then
have anticipated that, under all these favorable cir-
cumstances, but a single question would be settled,
and this the northeastern boundary? It was not in
the confiding nature of Dr. Linn to anticipate such a
catastrophe. Some of us, at leost, can recollect with
what astonishment and mortification we first learn-
ed that the Oregon question had not been settled by
the treaty. Dr. Linn instantly gave notice that he
would press his bill for the organization and settle-
ment of the territory; and this bill passed the Senate
at the lasts^ssion. Are then the U nited States again
to strike their flag? are all proceedings upon this sub-
ject again to be arrested in the Senate, on the mere
arrival of another minister from England? Although
her subjects had been in the exclusive possession of
the whole territory from the day when the Hudson
Bay company first set foot upon it until 1842, yet
Congress at once ceased to prosecute our claim on
the arrival of Lord Ashburton. Should we pursue
a similar course on the arrival of Mr. Pakenham, is
it not morally certain that the new negotiation will
produce similar results? This is not the best mode
of treating with England. She ought not to expect
any such concessions from us. If we desire to ob-
tain justice from her or any other nation, we must
assert our rights in a proper manner. If we do this,
she will have little encouragement to hope for longer
delay; if we do not, judging from her course in the
Ashburton negotiation, there is not the least probabili-
ty ofthe settlemeniof the question. Wehave already
surrendered to her our ancient highland boundary
for which our fathers fought; these highlands Tj-'hich
overlook and command Quebec, the seat of her
empire in North America. We have placed her in
possession of the highland passes which lead into the
very heart of our own country. We have yielded
to her the very positions on our frontier, which the
Duke of Wellington and a board of British officers
deemed indispensable for the defence of her North
American possessions. She has obtained all this
from our government; and what is worse than all,—
what disgraces us more than all before the world—
no, sir, I will not apply the term disgrace to my
country,—Lord Ashburton had in his pocket Mitch-
ell's map of 1753, taken from the private library of
George the Third, which proved the justice of our
claim. On that map was traced, by the hand ofthe
sovereign himself, the treaty line according to our
claim; and the fact was thus conclusively established,
that England was not entitled to a foot of the terri-
tory in dispute.
Mr. B. heie read from a newspaper the following
extracts from the speeches of Sir Robert Peel ana
Lord Brougham—the first delivered in the House of
Commons on the 28th March, 1843, and the second
in the House of Lords on lhe7th April following:
