382
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. RAYNER also made some such observa-
tions.
Mr. HALE replied that the gentlemen must ad-
dress their appeals to the House, with which he
should leave it. He had discharged his duty; and
he declined further to interfere.
Mr. DROMGOOLE desired permission to make a
suggestion. [Cries of "No! no!!"]
Mr. DAVIS and Mr. PAYNE also made some
remarks in reference to the effect of sustaining the
previous question, and the question on which the
House would be called upon to vote.
The SPEAKER rose to put the question on seo
onding.the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HALE called for tellers; and they were or-
dered.
Messrs. Murphy and Winthrop were appointed
tellers; and they reported 90 in the affirmative, and
74 in the negative. There was, therefore, a second.
The question then recurred, "Shall the main ques-
tion be now put"'
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. LEWIS inquired how the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. C. Johnson] had
taken the place of the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole.]
The SPEAKER replied, as an amendment to the
amendment.
After some remarks from Mr. SAUNDERS,
Mr. WINTHROP asked that the Clerk might
read the proposition on which the House would be
called upon to vote.
The Clerk accordingly read the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee, as follows: "That the
rules of the last Congress shall be adopted by this
House, except the 21st; and that all petitions in re-
lation to the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia and the Territories, shall be received and
laid upon the table without debate."
Mr. COBB inquired if it was in order to move a
suspension of the rules, so as to go on with this
matter to-day, after the expiration of the morning
hour? [Cries of "agreed."]
Mr. BELSER moved to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. E. J. BLACK inquired the effect of such a
motion, and whether it would not cany the two re-
ports of the committee with it.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that it
would carry the pending proposition and the amend-
ments to the table.
Mr. ROGERS called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table; and they were or-
dered.
The yeas and nays were taken, and they resulted
as follows—yeas 90, nays 98.
VEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer, Belser, Bid-
lack, James Black, Blackwcll, Bossier, Bower, Boyd, Jacob
Brinkeihoft", Aaron V. Brown, Milton Biown, William J.
Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Causin, Reuben
Chapman, Chappell, Clinch, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cullom,
Daniel, Gariett Davis, Dean, Deberry, Deilet, Dickinson,
Ficklin, Foster, French, Grider, Ilammett, Haralson, lion-
ley, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston
King, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClernand,
McConneK, Mathews, Moore, Murphy, Norris, Owen,
Payne, Peyton, Pratt, David S. Reid, lteding, Relle, Rhett,
Ritter, St. John, Saunders, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stiles, Stone, Strong,
Summers, Taylor,Thomasson. Thompson. Tibbatts, Tucker,
Weller, Wentworth, Woodward, and Yost—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
nard, Beaidsley, Benton, Kdward J. Black, Biodhead. Buf-
iington, Cary, Can-oil, Cathn, Clingman, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Dana, Richard i>. Davis, John W. Davis, Dickey,
Dillingham, Diomgoole. Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer,
Farlee, Foot, Giddmgs, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hardin,
Harper, Hays. Herrick, Holmes, Hubbell, Hudson, Hunger-
ford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Inger-
<.011, Irvin, Jenks, Peiley B. Johnson, Andrew Kennedy,
John P. Kenned}, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatnck, Leonard,
Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine,
Marbli, Edward J. Monis, Joseph Moiris, Moise, Moseley,
Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Patterson, Elisha R. Potter,
Emery D. Potter, Preston, Puidy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ray-
ner, Charles M. Reed, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Sarn-
ie, Schenck, Senter, Sevex*ance, Thomas H. Seymour,
)avid L.Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stetson, John Stewart, Sykes, Tyler, Vance, Vinton,
Wetheied, Wheaton, White, Williams, Winthrop, William
Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—96.
So the subject was not laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the rules were
suspended for the purpose of proceeding with the
subject now before the House beyond the morning
hour.
The question being, "Shall the main question be
now put?"
Mr. RAYNER inquired what the effect would be
provided the House refused to take the main ques-
tion?
The SPEAKER replied that, the subject would,
in that case, go over until to-morrow.
Mr.' CAUSIN inquired whether, in case the sub-
ject went over from day to day, the previous ques-
tion would be enforced whenever the various propo-
sitions came un.
The SPEAKER replied, that in the opinion of the
Chair, such would be the case.
The yeas and nays were then taken upon the
question, "Shall the main question be now put'"
and resulted as follows—yeas 159, nays 24.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Barrin-
ger, Barnard, Beardsley, Belser, Benton, Edward J. Black,
James Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Boyd, Jacob
Brinkerhoflj Brodhead, Milton Biown, Wm. J. Brown, Buf-
fington, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Carey, Carroll, Catlin,
Causin, Clinch, Chilton, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cross,
Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis,
John W.Davis, Dean, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Dilling-
ham, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Fish,
Foster, French, Byram Green, Grimtell, Grider, Hale, Ham-
lin, Haralson, Harper, Hayes, Henley, Herrick, Holmes,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hun-
gerlord, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. In-
gersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B.
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo. W. Jones, Andrew Ken-
nedy, John P. Kennedy, P. King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpat-
rick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Mc-
Causlen, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
Mcllvaine, Matthews, Moore, Edward J. Morris, Joseph
Morris, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Norris, Owen, Parmenter,
Patterson, Peyton, E. R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Preston, Purdy, Rathbun, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, Reding,
Relle, Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, St.
John, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, J. Stewart,
Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Sykes, Taylor. Thomasson,
Tibbatts, Tucker, Tyler, Weller, Wentworth, Wcthered,
Wheaton, Williams, Winthrop, Woodward, Wm. Wright,
Joseph A. Wright, and«Yost—169.
NAYS—Messis. Ashe, Bidlack, Campbell, Reuben Chap-
man, Chappell, Clingman, Cranston, Deberry, Dromgoole,
Foot. Giddmgs, Hammett. Hardin, Marsh, Morse, Payne,
David S. Reid, Sample, Saunders. Severance, Thompson,
Vance, Vinton, and White—'24.
Mr. LEWIS moved to lay the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. C. Johnson] on
the table. He did so in order to get a direct vote
on the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Dromgoole.]
The CHAIR said that the motion was not in
order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. C. JOHNSON asked for a division of the
question on his amendment.
Mr. DROMGOOLE contended that it was not
susceptible of division. There was not, ho said, a
Idistinct substantive proposition left, if the first part
were taken away.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
C. JOHNSON, WINTHROP, A. JOHNSON,
DROMGOOLE, and ADAMS took part, when
The SPEAKER having decided that the question
was not divisible,
Mr. C. JOHNSON appealed from that decision.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to lay the whole subject
on the table: negatived.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to lay the appeal on the
table: carried—ayes 90, noes 38.
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE raised the question that the
motion was out of order, the previous question hav-
ing been ordered.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
The question was then taken on laying the whole
subject on the table, and decided in the negative—
yeas 90, nays 94.
YEAS—Messers. Ashe, Atkinson, Barrington, Belser,
Bidlack, James Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bow ex, Boyd,
JacobfjBnnkerhoft', Aaion V. Blown, Milton Brown, W.
J Brown, Burke. Buit, Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben Chap-
man, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, cross, Cullom. Dan-
iel, Garrett Davis, Doan, Debeirv, Dellet, Dickinson, Dun-
can, Ficklin, Foster, French, Grider, Hamniett, Haralson,
Henley, Hogc, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Huges, Jameson,
Cave Johxibun, Andiew Johnson, Geoxge W. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lump-
kin, McClernand, McConnell, Matthews, Moore, Murphy,
Norris, Owen, Payne, Peyton, Pratt, David S. Reid, Red-
ing, Relfc, Rhett, Ritter, Russell, St. John, Saundexs, Simp-
son, Slidell, John T. Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stiles,
Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson,
Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Woodward, Yost—
90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
nard, Beardsley, Benton, Edward J. Black, Brodhead, Buf-
fington, Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin, Clinch, Clingman
Collamer, Cranston, Richard D. Davis, Dickey, Dillingham'
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Foot, Gid-
dings, Byram Green, Grmnell, Hale, Hardin, Harper, Hays,
Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
James B. Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P.
Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lyon, Mc-
Causlen, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Ed-
ward Joy "Morris, Joseph Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Newton, Parmenter, Patterson, Elish R, Potter, Preston,
Purdy, Ramsey, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, Robinson, Rock-
well, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas
H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stetson, A. Stewart, Tyler,
Vance, Vinton, Wethered, Wheaton, White, Williams,
Winthrop, William Wright—94.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY introduced his colleague,
Mr. SPENCE, who took the oath and his seat.
Mr. SCHENCK asked for a division of the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Tennessee, so that a
vote might be taken on each rule of the last Con-
gress. When the question of the right of the mem-
bers of the four States to their seats was before the
House, the question was taken on the right of in-
dividual members, beginning with Mr. Hale, ofNew
Hampshire, and he desired that the vote should be
taken on the separate propositions now. They could
dispense with the yeas and nays, and therefore it
would not occupy much time to act on the whole.
Some conversation ensued, and ultimately Mr.
SCHENCK withdrew his motion, with the intima-
tion that he should make it at another opportunity.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
thereon, and they were ordered; and being taken
resulted as follows—yeas $5, nays 143:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Benton, Bidlack, James Black,
Bower, J. Brinkerhofl', Brodhead, Burke, Dana, J. W. Davis,
Dean, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Kennedy, Preston Kinef, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, McDowell,
Moore, Murphy, Norris, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, lleding,
Ritter, Simons, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Stetson,
Sykes, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Atkinson, Baker,
Barringer, Barnard, Beardsley, Belser, Edward J. Black,
Blackwell, Bossier, Boyd, Aaron. V. Brown, Milton Brown,
Buftington, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Cary, Carroll, Cat-
lin, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Chappell, Clinch, Clingman, Cobb, Collamer, Cranston,
Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis,
Deberry, Dellet, Dickey. Dickinson, Dillingham, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Ficklin, Fish, Foot, Foster,
French, Giddmgs, Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Hamlin, Haral-
son, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Hop-
kins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hudson, Hughes, Wash-
ington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Jenks,
Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
John r. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas,
Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, McClernand,
McConnell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mathews, Edward J. Morris,
Joseph Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Parmenter,
Patterson, Payne, Feyton, Ehsha R. Potter, Emery D. Pot-
ter, Ramsey, Rayner, Charles M. R«ed, David S Reid,
Relfe, Rhett, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Saun-
ders, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas H Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Simpson, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Steenrod, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Stiles,
Stone, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tilden, Tucker, Tylei, Vance, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth,
Wheaton, White, Williams, Winthrop, Woodward, and
William Wright—143.
The amendment, therefore, was not adopted.
When Mr. MeDOWELL'S name was called, he
said he would vote for the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, notwithstanding he was op-
posed to the hour rule.
Mr. SCHENCK said there were some 100 or more
rules contained in the amendment to the report;
and he supposed the proposition was divisible into
as many parts as there were rules; he did not ask,
however, so thorough a division as that; but he
asked for such a division as would give a distinct
vote upon the 23d rule, and the 96frh as numbered in
the amendment, and the vote on all the others in
bulk.
Mr. BELSER said he would again move to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. WHITE contended that a motion to lay on
the table could not be entertained after the previous
question had been ordered; and cited the Congres-
sional Manual, page 202.
The SPEAKER remarked that he had been
guided by what had been the fonuer practice of the
House.
Mr. WHITE appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and upon the appeal the yeas and nays were
ordered; and being taken, resulted as follows: yeas
99, nays 76.
Thus the decision of the Chair, that the motion to
lay the subject upon the table was in order, was sus-
tained by the House.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Belser, to lay the subject upon the table; and
upon this motion the yeas and nays were ordered;
and being taken, resulted as follows—yeas 78, nays
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barringer, Belser, Bidlack,
