CONGRESSIONAL GfcOife
James Black, Bl&ckwell, Bossier, Bower, Boyd, Jacob
BrinkerhofF, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Chappell, Clinton,
Cobb, Cross, Cullom, Daniel; Dean, Deilet, Dickinson,
Ficklin, Foster, French, Grider, Hammett, Haralson, Hen-
ley, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Preston King, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkm, McCler-
nand, McConnell, Mathews, Moore, Murphy, Norm,
Owen, Payne, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter,
Russell, St. John, Saunders, Simpson, Slidell, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson,
Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Woodward, and
Yost—78. , . ,
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Baker,
Barnard, Beardsley, Benton, Edward J. Black, Brodhead,
Buffington, Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin, Clinch, Clmg-
man, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Richard D. Davis, John W.
Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Ellis, Elmer, Farlee. Fish, Foot, Giddings, Byram Green,
Grinnell, Hale, Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hernck,
Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy,
D P King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lyon, McCauslen, Mc-
Clelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, E. J. Morris, Joseph
Morris Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Patter-
son, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rayncr, C. M. Read, Robinson.
Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
T H Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Simth,
Thomas'Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Stephens, Stetson,
Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Summers, Sykes, Tilden,
Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Williams, Win-
throp,'William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—107.
The motion to lay on the table was negatived.
Some conversation on a point of order ensued, in
which Messrs. G. W. JONES, THOMPSON, and
the CHAIR, took part.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay the appeal on the
table; which motion was carried.
The SPEAKER stated the division of the ques-
tion, as proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, to be,
first to take the question on adopting the report of
the gentleman from Virginia, with the exception of
the 23d rule and the 96th, as numbered in the
amendments, and afterwards to take the question
on each of those rules separately.
Mr. SCHENCK, by general consent, withdrew
the call for the yeas and nays, and tellers were or-
dered instead; when the question was first taken on
adopting the amendment of Mr. Dromgoole, with
the exceptions above stated, and decided in the
affirmative.
The question was then taken on retaining the
23d rule, (excluding abolition petitions,) and decided
in the negative—yeas 86, nays 106, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Atkinson, Barringcr, Belser, F.. J.
Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bow er. Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Wm. J. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Chap-
pell, Clinch, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel. Garrett
Davis, Debirry, Deilet, Dickinson, Dromgoole, Ficklin,
French, Grider, Hammett, Haralson, Holmes, Hoge, Hop-
kins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King, La-
branche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClernand, McConnell,
Mathews. Moore, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Payne, Peyton,
Pratt, Raync r, David S Reid. Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Saun-
ders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Robert Smith, Steenl'od, Ste-
phens, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, and
Woodward—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
nard, Beardsley, Benton, Bidlack, James Black. Brodhead,
Buffington, Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Clmgman, Clinton, Colla-
mer Cranston, Dana, Richard D Davis, John W. Davis.
Dean, Dickey, Dillingham, Dunlap, Ellis,Elmer, Farlee,Fish,
Foot Foster, Giddings, Byram Green, Grinnell, Hale, Ham-
lin, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Henley, Hcrnck, Hubbell, Hud-
son, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph
R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, PerleyB. Johnson, Andrew Ken-
nedy, John P. Kennedy, Daniel ?. King, Kirkputuck, Leon-
ard Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine,
Marsh Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Morse, Moseley,
Nes, Owen, Parmenter, Patterson, Elisha R. Totter, Emery
D Potter, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M.
Reed, Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, Sample,
Schenck,Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L.Seymour,
Simons, Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb
B Smith, Spence, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart,
Sykes Tilden. Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wheaton, White,
Williams, Wmthrop, William Wright, Joseph A. Wright,
and Yost—106.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved an adjournment.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR called for the yeas and
nays; but they were not ordered.
Mr. LEWIS called for tellers, and they were or
dered; and Messrs. Hunt and Belser were appoint'
ed, and reported 46 in the affirmative, and 98 in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BOYD moved to lay the whole subject on
the table.
On this motion the yeas anu nays were called for
and ordered. , . _ . .
Mr. SAMPLE inquired whether, if this motion
prevailed, it would not carry to the table that por-
tion which had been acted upon, as well as that
which.remained for the action of the House.
The SPEAKER replied that it would.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and they re-
sulted as follows: yeas 88, nays 99.
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer, Belser, Bid-
lack, Edward J. Black, James Black, Blackwell, Bossier,
Bower, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoff, Aaron V. Brown, Milton
Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Chappell, Clinch, Cobb,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dick-
inson, Ficklin, French, Grider, Hammett, Haralson, Hays,
Henley, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo. "W. Jones,
Pres>ton King, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCler*
nand, McConnell, Moore, Newton, Norris, Payne, Peyton,
Pratt, Rayner, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, St.
John, Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stephens, Stilos, Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor,
Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Went-
worth, and Woodward—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson. Barnard,
Beardsley, Benton. Brodhead, Buffington, Cary, Carroll,
Catlin, Ciingman, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Richard D.
Davis, John W. Davis, Dean, Dickey, Dillingham, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Foot, Foster, Gid-
dings, Byram Green, Grinnell, Hale, Hamlin, Hardin, Har-
per, Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Perley B. Johnson, J"ohn P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirk-
patrick, Leonard. Lyon. McCauslen, McClelland, McDow-
ell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris,
Morse, Moreley, Nes, Parmenter, Patterson, Elisha R. Pot-
ter, Emery D. Potter. Prestnn, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Charles M. Reed. Bitter, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Rus-
sell, Sample, Schenck, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, John T. Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John
Stewart, Sykes, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wheaton,
White, Williams, Winthrop, William Wright, Joseph A.
Wright, and Yost—99.
So-the House refused to lay on the table.
Mr. J. WRIGHT moved an adjournment; which
motion was negatived.
Mr. BARR1NGER called for a further division
of the question, so that a distinct vote might be
taken upon the 40th and 41st rules; which are as
follows:
"40. It shall not be m order for any member, under
cover of a proposition to correct the journal, to move
to spread on the journal any paper or document
which the House has previously refused to receive
or hear read.
"41. When motions are made to correct or amend
the journal, by the insertion of papers or documents
therein, if the House shall not decide in favor of the
proposition, the papers or documents so proposed to
be inserted shall not be entered on the journal, not-
withstanding the yeas and nays may tie desired by
one-fifth of the members present, and entered on the
journal."
Objection was made to a further division, and the
Speaker being called upon to decide the point, was
understood to give it as his opinion, that the division
which the gentleman proposed could not now be
made unless there was a reconsideration of the vote
by which the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia was adopted—the propositon being to strike
out and insert.
Mr. BARRINGER then moved a reconsideration
of that vote.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested that a reconsider-
ation could not be moved until the whole question
had been determined.
The SPEAKER declared such to be the opinion
of the Chair; and proceeded to put the question up-
on the adoption of the 96th rule.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded and ordered.
Mr. BARNARD asked for a division of this rule
at the word "present."
The question was accordingly put on agreeing to
the first branch of the rule: "96. No standing rule,
or order of the House, shall be rescinded or changed,
without one day's notice being given of the motion
therefor; nor shall any rule be suspended, except
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the members
present; nor shall the order of business, as estab-
lished by the rules, be postponed or changed, except
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the membeis
present;" and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. RHETT then called for a further division of
the rule, and the question was taken upon the fol-
lowing:
"But the House may, at any time, by a vote of a
majority of the members present, suspend the rules
and orders for the purpose of going into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union;"
And carried.
Upon the remaining clause, m these words:
"And also of providing for the discharge of the
[ Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the consideratiori of any bill referrei to it, tifUr
acting, without debate, oil all amendments pending,
and that may be offered."
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as
follows—yeas 93, nays 78.
The SPEAKER then said that the last branch of
the resolutions having been agre«d to by the House,
the question would be on agreeing to the report as
amended.
Mr. BARRINGER moved the reconsideration of
the vote by which the 96th rule was adopted.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House adjourn;
and the question being taken by tellers, and decided
in the affirmative,
The House adjourned.
The following resolution was offered on Monday,
by Mr. Steenrod, and not, as would appear from
the report of the proceedings of that day, by Mr.
Hopkins:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from New
Martinsville via Sistersville, in Virginia, to Par-
kersburg.
The following resolution was offered yesterday by
Mr. PRESTON KING, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of extending a post route from Wilna, via
the Natural Bridge, to Diana, in the State of New
York.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 28, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the War Department, in compli
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 21st
inst., on the practicability and expense of erecting a
fortification on the east side of Dauphin island: re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 1st inst., covering a report from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, showing how many Chero-
kee Indians remain east of the Mississippi river, and
the reason why they were not removed with the
other Cherolcees, &c.: referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Also, laid before the Senate a petition from J. A.
Bell, Ezekiel Starr, and Jolm Rogers, in behalf of
certain Cherokee Indians, representing the griev-
ances under which they labor, and praying the in-
terposition of the government: referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Also, laid before the Senate a petition from Geo.
W. Drummond and other citizens of Louisiana,
praying for the establishment of a mail route from
Harrisonburg to Providence, in that State: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of Henry
Scott and 250 other citizens of Clinton and St. Clair
counties, Illinois, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from Carlyle, in Clinton county, by
Hanover and Mascautah, to Bellville, in St. Clair
county. . .
Mr. B. remarked, on presenting this petition, that
it was signed by many of his most respectable constit-
uents; and the proposed route would pass through a
very flourishing settlement of industrious and enter-
prising Germans, who had, at their own expense,
thrown a bridge over an important stream on the
route. As he had moved a resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, directing
an inquiry as to the expediency of establishing thm
route, he hoped these few remarks would attract the
notice of that committee, and that they would incor-
porate it into the bill establishing new mail routes.
On his motion, the petition was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, it was ordered that
there be taken from the files the memorial of the
general assembly of the State of Illinois, adopted at
the last session thereof, praying the abolishing the
duty on salt; and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also, that the memorial praying the removal of re-
strictions upon the entry of quarter-quarter sections
of land, be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, that their memorial, praying for the improve-.
