March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
349
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Teiritory—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
recede from its possession before our agricultural
population:
The country (says Mr. Simpson) situated between the
northern bank of the Columbia river, which empties itself
into the Pacific, in latitude 4b deg. 20 min , and the southern
bank of Frazer's river, which empties itself into the Gulf of
Georgia, in latitude 49 deg., is remarkable for the salubrity
of its climate and excellence of its soil, and possesses, with-
in the straits of De Fuca, some of the finest harbors in the
world, being protected from the weight of the Pacific by
Vancouver's and other islands. To the southward of the
straits of De Fuca, situated m latitude 48 deg. 37 min., there
is no good harbor nearer than the bay of St. Francisco, in
latitude 37 deg 48 min , ns the broad, shifting bar off the
mouth of the Columbia, and the tortuous channel through
it, render the entrance ol that river a very dangerous navi-
gation even to vessels of small dr^ft of water.
The possession of that country to Great Britain may be-
come an object of very great importance, and we arc
strengthening their claim to it (independent of the claim of
prior discovery and occupation for the purpose of Indian
trade) by forming the nucleus of a colony through the es-
tablishment of farms, and the settlement of some of our re-
tiring officers and servants as agriculturists.
These communications, from the governor and
superintendent of the Hudson Bay company, urging
an extension of their license or lease, were favora-
bly received by the British government; but Lord
Glenelg informs them, in his reply, that the gov-
ernment must reserve to itself, in the new grant, the
privilege of establishing colonies on any portion of
the territory. To use his own language, "it will be
indispensable to introduce into the new charter such
conditions as may enable her Majesty to grant, for
the purpose of settlement or colonization, any of the
lands comprised in it." This was the express con-
dition of the grant; and, upon these terms, the com-
pany accepted its new license. The reservation of
the right to colonize is wntten in the clearest and
strongest terms upon the face of this charter. Need
I add another word for the purpose of proving that
the British government do not intend to abandon
this country, but that it is their purpose to establish
colonies in it? This is an important fact, which
proves beyond a doubt that we must speedily mani-
fest a determination to assert our rights, and make
a stand for the portion of this territory north of the
Columbia, in a different manner from that proposed
by the senator from Massachusetts, or consent to
abandon it forever.
But the senator from Massachusetts has informed
us that the present treaty of joint occupation may
continue for an indefinite period—"ten thousand
years1'—without being in the least degree prejudicial
to our title; but that the moment we shall give, no-
tice, and break up the convention, the adverse pos-
session of Great Britain will then commence, and
her claims will grow stronger with each succeeding
year. I admit, in theory, the soundness of the prop-
osition, that whilst the treaty continues, British pos-
session cannot injure our title. But does England
admit the correctness]of this our interpretation of the
treaty? Far, very far from it. Their construction
of this treaty, and their conduct under its provis-
ions, have always been widely different from our
$wn. We have understood it in one manner, and
they in another entirely opposite.
Previous to the treaty of 1818, Messrs. Gallatin
and Rush, in their correspondence with the plenipo-
tentiaries of the British government, proposed that
the country on the northwest coast of America
claimed by either party should "be opened for the pur-
poses of trade to the inhabitants of both countries."
Now, if these words "for the purposes of trade" had
been inserted in the tieaty itself, no room would
have been left for British cavil; but unfortunately
they were omitted; and the treaty declares generally
that the country shall be open to the vessels, citi-
zens, and subjects of the two powers, without defi-
ning or limiting the purposes for which it shall be
opened. And how have the British government in-
terpreted this treaty? Precisely as though it had
been expressly agreed that both parties, instead of
being confined to~hunting, fishing, and trading with
the natives, were left at perfect liberty to settle and
colonize any portions of the country they might
think proper. Immediately after its conclusion, the
British government fell back upon their Nootka-
sound convention of 1790 with Spain; and, un-
der it, (most unjustly, it is true,) claimed the
right not only for themselves, but for all the na-
tions of the earth, to colonize the northwest
coast of America at pleasure. "Great Britain,"
say her plenipotentiaries, "claims no exclusive sov-
ereignty over any portion of that territory." What,
then, does she claim? To use the language of these
plenipotentiaries in 1824, "they consider the unoccu-
pied parts of Ameriaajustasmuch open as heretofore
to colonization by Great Britain, as well as by other
European powers, agreeably to the [Nootka-sound]
convention of 1790, between the British and Spanish
governments, and that the United States would have
no right whatever to take umbrage at the establish-
ment of new colonies from Europe in any such parts
of the American continent." And they felt them-
selves more imperatively bound to make this dec-
laration, as the claim of the American minister
"respecting the territory watered by the river Co-
lumbia and its tributary streams, besides being es-
sentially objectionable m its general bearing, had the
effect of interfering directly with the actual tights of
Great Britain, derived from use, occvpancy and settle-
ment.''''
Thus, sir, you perceive that the British govern-
ment openly and boldly, twenty years ago, notwith-
standing the existing treaty, claimed" the right to
settle and colonize the country as though it were en-
tirely without an owner; and, if this claim had been
well founded, then it would follow irresistibly that
they have a right to retain the possession of the
colonies which they had a right to establish. It is
upon this principle that they speak of the actual
rights which they had acquired so long a^o as 1824,
by "use, occupancy and settlement." What, then,
becomes of the senator's argument, that the present
treaty may continue for an indefinite period, with-
out being prejudicial to our title? I admit that it is an
argument true and just in theory; but the opposite
party, so far from admitting its force, entirely repels
it. Under their interpretation of the treaty, they claim
the right to plant colonies; and if this right existed,
it could not be said that Great Britain would ac-
quire no title to the colonies which she had estab-
lished. It is true, that under any fair and just con-
struction of the existing treaty, she has no right to
colonize the country; but she claims this right. She
insists upon it; and, in the face of all our protesta-
tions, she has gone on, through the agency of the
Hudson Bay company, to colonize to a considerable
extent.
And what has been our miserable policy in return?
We had a clear right to re-establish our ancient fort
at the mouth of the Columbia; but this might
violate the treaty, and offend England; and although
she has erected some thirty forts within the territory,
we thought it best to abstain. It was proposed to
establish five military posts on the way to Oregon,
for the purpose of protecting and facilitating the
passage of our settlers over the Rocky mountains;
but no; this must not be done; it would be bad
faith; and this, although England, through the
agency of the Hudson Bay company, has been ma-
king settlements all over the country. Whenever
we propose to do anything for the purpose of meet-
ing ana countervailing her advances, it is decried
as a violation of the treaty; and now, at the last
moment, the same doctrine is not only held, but, ac-
cording to some senators, it is deemed wholly inex-
pedient for us to settle Oregon;and, as a necessary
consequence, I suppose we should permit Great
Britain to retain her possession, without a struggle.
We have been sleeping over our just rights; whilst
she has been pushing her unjust claims with the ut-
most energy. It is a strange spectacle to witness
how we are forever holding back, for fear of viola-
ting the treaty; whilst England isrushmg forward to
obtain and to keep the country. She has establish-
ed a government there; she has commissioned jus-
tices of the peace; she has crected civil tribunals;
she has extended the jurisdiction of her laws over
the whole territory; she has established forts; she has
built ships; erected mills; commenced permanent set-
tlements, and cultivated extensive farms; and, during
this whole period, has openly proclaimed her right to
do all this, notwithstanding the treaty. And yet, al-
though we have witnessed all these things, we must
not move a step, or even lift our hand, because it
would be a violation of the treaty! They consider the
country as open to settlement; and in 1824, refused
to accept oui proposition to make the 49th degree
of latitude the boundary; because this would con-
flict with their actual rights derived from use,
occupation and settlement; whilst we have carefully
refrained from performing any act whatever to en-
courage the settlement of the country. Her claim
to it rests upon settlement and colonization; whilst
Congress refuses altogether to settle or to colonize,
lest this might violate the very treaty under which
she has been all the time acting.
In the face of these claims so boldly asserted by
Great Britain, it has appeared to me wonderful that
the treaty of joint occupation should have been con-
tinued in 1827. In the conferences previous to this
treaty of 1827, the British plenipotentiaries made a
still bolder declaration than they had ever done be-
fore;—whilst they admit, in express terms, our egual
right with themselves to settle the country—a ri^ht
which we have refrained from exercising notwith-
standing this admission, lest, forsooth, it might vio-
late the treaty. They inform us of the numerous
settlements and trading posts established by the sub-
jects of Great Britain within the Territory; and, as
if to taunt us with our want of energy, theysew that
in the whole territory, the citizens of the united
States have not a single settlement or trading post.
They again referred to their right to settle and colo-
nize under the convention of Nootka Sound, and say
that this right has been peaceably exercised ever
since the date of that convention, for a period of
nearly forty ypars. "Under that convention," say
they, "valuable British interests have grown up in
those countries. It is fully admitted that the United
States possess the same rights, although they have been ex-
ercised by them only in a single instance, and have not,
since the year 1813, been exercised at all. But beyond
these rights, they possess none." And yet we have
been ever since deliberating in cold debate, whether
we could make settlements in Oregon without vio-
lating the treaty and giving offence to Great Britain!
They inform us further, that "to the interests and
establishments which British industry and enterprise
have created, Great Britain owes protection. That
protection will be given, both as regards settlement
and freedom of trade and navigation, with every in-
tention not to infringe the co-ordinate rights of the
United States," Thus, sir, you perceive that Great
Britain rests her claims to the country solely upon
the exercise of the assumed right to settle and
colonize it, and her duty to afford protection
to the establishments which have been made by
British subjects under this claim. And yet, in the
face of all this, senators gravely express serious
doubts whether we can, in like manner, send our
people to Oregon and afford them the protection of
a government and laws, without a violation of the
treaty! I think I have proved conclusively that the
senator from Massachusetts is entirely mistaken if
he supposes that England will ever admit that her
possession, during the continuance of the treaty of
joint occupation, would have no effect in strengthen-
ing her title tu the territory in dispute. She has
maintained the contrary doctrine on all occasions,
and in all forms, as if she intended a solemn noti-
fication to us, and to the whole world, that she would
hold on to her alleged right of possession, and never
consent to abandon it.
I am glad to say that I now approach the last
point of my argument. The senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Choate] has contended that as certainly
as we give the notice to annul the existing conven-
tion, so certainly is war inevitable at the end of the
year, unless a treaty should, in the mean time be
concluded; and he would have us at once begin
to prepare for war. I suppose the senator means
that we ought now to be raising armies, embodying
western volunteers, and sending our sharp shooters
across the mountains; and he thinks it not impossi-
ble that Great Britain, in anticipation of the event,
may now be collecting cannon at the Sandwich
Islands to fortify the mouth of the Columbia. Yes,
sir, war is inevitable! Now I am most firmly con-
vinced that, so far from all this, the danger of war
is to be found in pursuing the opposite course, and
refusing to give the notice proposed. What can any
reasonable man expect but war, if wc permit our
people to pass into Oregon by thousands annually,
m the face of a great hunting corporation, like the
Hudson Bay company, without either the protec-
tion or restraint of laws? This company are m pos-
session of the whole region, and have erected forti-
fications in every part of it. The danger of war re-
sults from a sudden outbreak, under such circum-
stances. The two governments have no disposi-
tion to go to war with each other; they are not so
mad as to desire it; but they may be suddenly
forced into hostilities by the cupidity and rash vio-
lence of these people, thrown together under cir-
cumstances so inauspicious to peace. To prevent
this, our obvious course of policy is to send over
the mountains a civil government—to send our laws
—to send the shield and protection of our sove-
reignty to our countrymen there, and the wholesome
restraints necessary to prevent them from avenging
their wrongs by their own right arm. This is the
course which prudence dictates to prevent those
sudden and dangerous outbreaks, which must other-
wise be ine\ liable. The danger lies here. If you
leave them to themselves, the first crack of the rifle
lawlessly used, may be the signal of a general war
