386
of a collection district at' Chicago", without amend-
ment; which wees referred to the ' Committee -of the
Whole House, ahd made the order "of the day for
to-morrow.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made an adverse report .upon the.peti-
tions of Hughes, which was laid on the
table, and ordered .to' be printed.
Mr. DAYIS also reported back tire bill (No.
82) for the relief of Eaton Nance, without amend-
ment.
Mr.'CALDWELL observed that this was a bill
to which there could be no objection. It, merely
declared that a patent which had not been signed by
the President should be made valid: he moved, there-
fore, that it be now engrossed, and read a third time;
which was carried.
Mr. DAYIS also reported back the bill (No. 81)
granting the right of pre-emption to certain lands in
the town of Perrysburg, in the State of Ohio.
Mr. VANCE intimated his intention to debate
the bill;
And on motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of one of
the subjects referred to it by the House, viz: an in-
quiry concerning a reduction of the number of
clerks in the General Land Office; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made adverse reports in the cases of
O'Bryant McNamer, and Mary Ann Bruner; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was discharged from the
further consideration of the claim of George S.
Collins.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Cyrus Russell and others,
in relation to school lands in Missouri.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT the
papers m tile case of Geo. S. Collins, in which an
adverse report had just been made by Mr. McCler-
nand, was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, without amend-
ment, the bill of the Senate for providing an insane
asylum within the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. C. also reported a bill supplementary to an
act for the regulation of arrests on mesne process;
which was read twice, and referred to the '• Commit-
tee of the Whole House to-morrow, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported back Senate bill No. 39, without
amendment; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in the case of Manuel Cru-
7.at; which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. S. also reported back "a bill to repeal an act
• supplementary to an act, entitled an act to amend
an act, approved in the year one thousand eight
hundred, entitled an act to amend an act to estab-
lish judicial courts in the United States," without
amendment; and moved that it be read a third time
and passed.
Mr. BIDLACK objected; and
On motion of Mr. SAUNDERS, it was then refer-
red to the Commivfee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAUNDERS asked that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of certain citizens of Florida, containing
< barges against Samuel Douglas5!, United States
judge of Florida.
Mr. LEVY inquired on what ground it was the
committee desired to be discharged?
Mr. SAUNDERS replied that the committee
were of opinion, from the evidence before them, that
the charges were not fully sustained.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief ofThomasHunt
and Alexander Caldwell; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole to-niorrow, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FRENCH asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files the petition of Israel Thomas,
and the accompany ing papers, the claim having been
realized under the existing law.
Mr. DILLINGHAM, from the same committee,
asked that the committee be discharged from the" fur-
ther consideration of the case of John Daniel and
others: agreed to.
Mr. DILLINGHAM made adverse reports on
the memorial of David Cook, and on that of Benja-
min Heartt; which were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. DILLINGHAM reported a bill for the re-
lief of Charles Holt; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House, and -
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. W. J. BROWN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which had been referred
the memorial of Woodson & Wren, made a report
thereon, accompanied by a bill for their relief; which
was read twice, referred, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. J. B., from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report on the case of John P. Lau-
derman; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of James Kemper; which
was read twice, referred, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POTTER of Rhode Island, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of John Mil-
ler; which was twice read, referred, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of James Journey; which was twice
read, referred, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CROSS, from the same committee, moved
that said committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the petitions of Andrew Chaward,
Badio Flores, Antoine La Rue, and Jacob Thomas;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDOWELL, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which had been referred the memo-
rial of the„ heirs of the late General VVllliam Eaton,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill for
their relief; which was read twice, referred, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. MURPHY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, relative to the construc-
tion of a dry-dock in New York harbor, upon
the plan of using as an elevating power the
water of the Croton Aqueduct, &c., made to the
House on the 19th of February instant; and also
several petitions of J. S. Gilbert, asking a delay of
all action on the subject of floating-docks, and with-
holding all appropriation until an examination shall
be made, made a report thereon, accompanied by an
amendment to the naval appropriation bill: referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. LEVY, 1,000 extra copies
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATKINSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the memorial of
Captains Lewis Warrington, J. B. Nicholson, Philip
Voorhees, and others, made an unfavorable report
thereon; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the, memorial of John J. Wolfan-
den; and the same was laid on the table, and order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Fitch, and a bill granting a pension to
Elias Hill; which were twice read, and referred.
Mr. McILVAINE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Daniel Clapp and Bet-
sey Clapp; which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. HUNGERFORD, from the same committee,
reported the following bills; which were twice read,
mid referred, viz:
A bill for the relief of Daniel Ingalls.
A bill for the relief of Abigail Gibson.
A bill for the relief of Franklin Pambler, Charles
Pambler, and Elizabeth Pambler, surviving children
of Elizabeth Rowe.
A bill for the relief of Violet Calhoun, widow of
John Calhoun.
A bill for the relief of Sally McCraw.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made unfavorable reports on the
petitions of Moses Davis, Levi Brown, Jos. Dixon,
John McNair, and others.
Mr. B- also, from tin: same committee, to which
had been referred the petition of Emanuel Shrobe,
rep&rted-a bill for his relief; which was read twice,
and referred
'Mr. CULLOM, from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report' on the petition of Francis Du-
coing; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed/
Mr. ALBERT SMITH; from the same Commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel Butler,
of Virginia; which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. TILDEN, from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report on the petition of Levi M.
Roberts; which was laid on the table.
Mr. T., from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Elijah Blodget; which was
read twice, and referred.
Mr. FICKLIN, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to whom were referred the several me-
morials on the subject, reported a bill granting to
States of Indiana and Illinois, a portion of the un-
sold lands in]the|Vincennes,'Palestine, and Shawnee-
town land districts, to aid in the completion of a
natiqnal thoroughfare, connecting Lake Erie with
the Ohio, by the improvement of the navigation of
Wabash river: read twice, and referred.
Mr. HARPER, from the Committee on Patents,
submitted a resolution, directing that 3,000 copies of
the report of the Commissioner of Patents, and 1,500
copies of the report of expired patents, be printed,
and that 100 copies be set apart for the use of Con-
gress.
Mr. McDOWELL, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported a resolution, regulating the employ-
ment and compensation of the messengers and pages
of the House.
Mr. STILES reported a joint resolution in rela-
tion to the case of Saltmarsh and Overton, mail con-
tractors; which was read twice, and committed.
Various other reports were made, the titles of
which were not obtained.
Mr. DROMGOOLE gave notice, for the informa-
tion of the House, that the appropriation bills would
be pressed forward, day by day, by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, or some mem-
ber thereof, in the following order: The Military
Academy bill, the fortification bill, the army bill,
the navy bill, and the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill.
OREGON.
Mr. WENTWORTH presented joint resolutions
from the legislature of Illinois, instructing her sena-
tors and requesting her representators to use their
exertions to annul the article of joint occupancy with
Great Britain, of the Territory of Oregon; to estab-
lish a territorial government over it; and to oppose
every measure tending to cede or negotiate in any
way any portion of the American continent west of
the Rocky mountains, between 42° and 54° 40' of
north latitude: referred to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to alter the mode
of measuring the tonnage of ships.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the mem-
bers presenting them:
By Mr. LUMPKIN: The petition of a number
of citizens of Tennessee and Georgia, asking for the
establishment of a mail route from Cleveland, in the
State of Tennessee, to Rome, in Georgia, by the way
of Alder Branch, Dogwood, Medicinal Springs, and
through Armachie Valley: referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Officcs and Post Roads.
By Mr. J. BLACK: Certain documents in support
of the claims of Thomas C. Miller, relative to a con-
tract with the United States for working an ore bed
near Harper's Ferry, in the State of Virginia: refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana: The testimony in
the case of the claim of Benjamin Turman's heirs, of
Indiana.
By Mr. STEENROD: The petition of the citi-
zens of Wheeling, Virginia, in favor of the bill re-
ported by the Hon. A. Duncan, providing for a
uniform day for the election of President and Vice
President throughout the United States.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: Address of the
Council and House of Representatives of the Territo
ry of Wisconsin, to the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States, relative to the in-
fringement, of the boundaries of Wisconsin: referred
to the Committee on the Territories. Also, petition of
