CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 22.
[Continued from No. 21.]
240 citizens of the Territory of Wisconsin, asking
Congress for an appropriation for the construction
of a Macadamized road from Southport, in the
county of Racine, in as dircct a line as may be to
the village of Geneva, in Walworth county, and
thence to the village of Beloit, in Rock county: re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, petition of citizens of the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, asking Congress to establish a mail route on
the most direct and eligible ground, from Chicago,
State of Illinois, via Wheeling, McHenry, and
Solon, in said State, to Geneva, in the county of
Walworth, and Territory of Wisconsin, and thence
to connect with the route from Geneva, via
Elkhorn, Whitewater, and Cold Spring, and ter-
minating at Fort Atkinson, in Jefferson coutity, in
said Territory: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. Also, petition of Alexan-
der Neely, and 177 other citizens of Boon county.
State of Illinois, asking an appropriation for a har-
bor at the town of Southport, in the Territory
of Wisconsin: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of Numan Camp-
bell, L. S. Swezey, and thirty-one other citizens of
Winnebago couuty, State of Illinois, remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the Union: re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The memorial of Alvin
Paine and others, citizens of Edgar county, Illinois,
asking an appropriation of land for the completion
of the national thoroughfare between the lakes and
the Ohio, by the improvement of the navigation of
the Wabash.
By Mr. E. MOB RIS: Memorial of citizens of Phil-
adelphia, against a repeal of the duties on railroad
iron. Memorial of John B. Budd, of Philadelphia,
asking the payment of a certificate of debenture.
Petition of citizens of Philadelphia, asking an appro-
priation for a dry-dock at the navy yard at that port.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: Petition of Foster Hooper
and 118 others, citizens of Fall River and its vicin-
ity, in Biibtol county, Massachusetts, for the eicc-
tion by government of a fire-proof building for a
custom-house in that town.
By Mr. TYLER: Petition of H.N. Farnham and
others praying for the erection of a light-house, at
the mouth of Cattaraugus creek, New York, and
for the further prosecution of the public works at
that place. Petition of J. B. Babcock and others,
praying for the further prosecution of the unfinished
works at Barcelona harbor, Chautauque county,
New York.
By Mr. HAYS: The petition of citizens of west-
ern Pennsylvania, praying for the nnpiovement of
the Alleghany river, between the city of Pittsburg
and Olcan. The memorial of a convention of dele-
gates from eight counties in western Pennsylvania,
held at the town of Franklin, in Venango county,
Pennsylvania, on the same subjects referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. LEONARD: The petition of William
Simpson, of the city of New York, for compensa-
tion for depredations committed by the United
States troops during the last war: referred to the
Committee of Claims.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of John J.
Clapp, and 52 citizens of Westchester county,
asking Congress to make an appropriation for the
improvement of Sawpit harbor: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. SMITH of Illinois: The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Madison county, Illinois, praying a
reduction of letter postage: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The pe-
tition of sundry citizens of Madison county,
Illinois, praying a reduction of the salaries, fees,
and per diem allowance of the officers of the gen-
eral government, and especially of the members of
Congress: referred to the Committee on Retiench-
ment.
By Mr. WENTWORTIT: Tho petition for a
mail route from Chicago to Roscoe. Petition for a
mail route from Lafayette (Indiana) to Peoria, Illi-
nois: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. The petition of citizens of Vermil-
lion county, for a grant of land to improve the Wa-
bash river: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Mrs. Sa-
rah Hammond, widow of John Hammond, de-
ceased, prayiwg that a law may pass allowing her a
pension commensurate with the services of her hus-
band in the revolutionary war: referred to the Com-
mietee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition signed by
Slocum Havland, and one hundred others, praying
for retrenchment in the public expenditures, and
also for a reduction of the per diem and travel
fees of members of Congress: referred to the
Committee on Retrencement. Also the petition of
Alien Thomas, and sixty others of Cayuga county,
New York, praying for a reduction of the rates of
postage: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. LYON: The petition of thirty citizens of
Branch county, Michigan, for a reduction of postage,
and the restriction of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAMLIN: The petition of Frederick A.
Butman and twenty-five others, citizens of Dix-
mont, Maine, for a reduction of all letter postage to
five cents, with a corresponding reduction on news-
papers, and for the entire abolition of the franking
privilege: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. JOSEPH MORRIS: The petition of
Horace Holland, asking for the establishment of a
mail route from Marietta, Washington county,
Ohio, to Woodsficld, Monroe county, Ohio: referred
to the Committee on the Post Officc and Post -Roads.
By Mr. PERLEY B. JOHNSON: The petition
of Samuel Dye and one hundred and eighty other
citizens of the counties of Monroe and Washington,
Ohio, praying for the establishment of a mail-route
fioin Marietta, up the valley of Little Muskingum,
to Woodsficld: refened to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT: The petition of
R. 13. Moffott and two hundred and twelve other
citizens of the county of Vermillion, in the State of
Indiana, asking for a poition of the vacant lands in
the States of Indiana and Illinois, for the purpose
of improving the Wabash river; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. Also, the pa-
pers and petition of James W. Sway, asking for
compensation for work done on the national road;
which was le/erred to tiie Committee of Claims.
Also, the papers in the application of Levy Johnson,
of Hendricks county, Indiana, asking for a pension
for wounds received in the last war: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. OWEN: Memorial of C. Grcmes and 63
others, citizens of Illmios, in favor of the continu-
ation of the Cumberland road. Also, the memorial
of S. W. Stephens and 93 others, citizens of Indiana,
in favor of a grant of land to complete the Central
canal to Eumsville. Also, the memorial of Alex-
ander Burns, jun., and 222 others, citizens of In-
diana, in favor of the abolition of the flanking priv-
ilege, and the l eduction of postage.
By Mr. CHAPPELL: Petition from the mayor
of the city of Macon, Georgia, and upwards of 300
hundred citizens, praying a reduction of the lates of
postage and the abolishment of the franking priv-
ilege, except so far as the same may be strictly ne-
cessary m the transaction of the business of the Post
Office Department: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. H. WILLIAMS: Petition of Daniel
Newell, of Sotuate, Massachusetts, for a pension:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. HAYS: The memorial of citizens of
Western Pennsylvania, for an extension of the na-
tional road by a lateral branch, from a convenient
point at or near the base of the Laurel hill to the city
of Pittsburg; thence to the State arsenal at Meadville;
and thence to the harbor of Presquc Isle: referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 29, 1844.
Immediately after the reading of the journal of
yesterday,
The following message was received from the
President of the United States by the hands of his
private secretary, John Tyler, jr. It was read, as
follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United Stales:
I have to perform the melancholy duty of an-
nouncing to the two Houses of Congress the death
of the Hon. Abel P. Upshur, late Secretary of State,
and the Hon. Thomas W. Gilmer, late Secretary of
the Navy.
This most lamentable occurrence transpired on
board the United States ship of war the Princeton,
on yesterday, at about half after 4 o'clock m the
evening, and proceeded from the explosion of one of
the large guns of that slup.
The loss which the government and thccountiy
have sustained by this deplorable event is heighten,
ed by the death, at the same time, and by tho same
cause, of several distinguished persons and valuable
citizens.
I shall be permitted to express my great grief at
an occurrence which has so suddenly stricken from
my side two gentlemen, upon whose advice 1 so con-
fidently relied m the discharge of my arduous task
of administering the office of the executive depait-
ment; and whose services, at this inteiesting period,
were of such vast importance.
In some relief of the public sorrow which must
necessarily accompany this most painful event, it
affords me much satisfaction to say that it was pro-
duced by no carelessness or inattention on the part
of the officers and crew of the Princeton; but must
be set down as one of those casualties which, to a
greater or less degree, attend upon every service;
and whioh are invariably incident to the tcmpoial
affairs of mankind.
1 will also add, that it in no measure detracts, iu
my estimation, from the value of the improvements
contemplated in the construction of the Princeton, or
from the merits of her brave and distinguished com-
mander and projector.
JOHN TYLER,
Washington, February 29th, 18i4.
The message having been read,
Mr. RIVES rose and addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. President: The general feeling of the Sen-
ate has, I am sure, already anticipated mem what I
have risen to suggest. The awful calamity com-
municated to us in the message of the President
just read, and which 1ms made of yesterday, with
all its unearthly brightness, one of the darkest and
most inauspicious days in our national calendar, is
but too well known to the Senate, m all its dreadful
details and heart-rending results. Surely, Mr.
President, never, in the mysterious ordinances of
God, has a day on earth been marked in its pro-
gress by such startling and astounding contrasts —
opening and advancing with hilarity and joy,
mutual congratulation and patriotic pride, and clos-
ing in scenes of death and disaster, of lamentation
and unutterable wo. It was my sad fortune, Mr.
President, to be an eye-witness of these never-to-be-
forgotten events. If 1 had language to describe
them, the power of speech would fail me.
1 have risen, in the midst of the universal sadness
and dejection of heart which preuu! around me,
and under the overpowering weight of my own feel-
ings, to suggest the propriety of suspending out-
ordinary labors mid pursuits, in the presence and
under the chastisement of this awful visitation of
Providence. It has fallen to the lot of my own
State to be the chief mourner on this melancholy
occasion. Two of her distinguished citizens, filling
high places in the civil government of the country,
have been cut down in the midst of their days and
their usefulness; and another of her sons—a gallant
officer of the navy—has been destined to fall, by dis~
