CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'33 &
The deceased was an affectionate husband, a kind
father, and a sincere friend. The impulses of his
nature were noble and generous; and he performed
all the relative duties of life in such a manner as to
secure to himself numerous, ardent, and devoted
friends. Let his virtues be remembered, and let his
faults (if he had any) be buried in his grave!
The widowed partner of his bosom, in obedience
to a feeling so natural to the human heart, requested
that his mortal remains might be carried home for
interment in the bosom ofhis native earth. In com-
pliance with her wish, and under the advice of the
Pennsylvania delegation, his body left this city on
Saturday morning last, accompanied by his son and
two of his friends from the other House. This is
the reason why no order has been taken concerning
his funeral.
He concluded by submitting the following reso-
lutions, viz:
Resolved, That the Senate has received, with deep
sensibility, the communication from the House of
Representatives, announcing the death of the Hon-
orable Henry Frick, a representative in Congress
from the State of Pensylvania.
Resolved, That in token of sincere and high respect
for the memory of the deceased, the members and
officers of the Senate will wear crape on the left arm,
as mourning, for thirty days.
Resolved, As a further mark of respect, that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 4, 1844.
The journal having been read—
Mr. THOMPSON announced the attendance of
Ins colleague, Hon. Robert W. Roberts, elected
a representative from the State ot Mississippi; and,
Mr. Roberts having presented himself at tlie table,
the oath to support the constitution ot the United
States was administered to him by the Speaker.
DEATH OP MR. KRICK.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL rose, and addressed the
House as follows:
At the request of uiy colleagues, I rise to perform
the painful duty of announcing the death of the
Hon. Henry Frick, of Pennsylvania. He died at
his lodgings in Washington on Friday last, when
the whole city was gJread y shrouded in gloom by
that signal and sad calamity which struck down in a
moment festivity in its innocent mirth, and power,
and place, and talents, and virtues, in their bccom-
ing pride. Death, in all its aspects, is full ot solem-
nity. It sometimes appears armed with double ter-
rors, when it selects its reluctant and unprepared
victims among those of robust and youthful
frame. The blow—always heavy to the hearts ol
surviving friends—is not without a degree ofmmm-
ful consolation when they reflect that disease had
long been preying on the shattered system. "Wearied
nature is relieved from a load of trouble when it
sinks into the grave after time and opportunity have
been thus afforded for solemn thought. The undy-
in"- spirit, chastened by the pangs which its frail
co\ering has endured, becomes less unwilling to
throw it ufl", and nothing departs but life and suffer-
ing, while an unspotted name remains behind. The
consolation is increased when distant affection may
be told that, although the closing eye was not pe&
nntted to linger upon familiar objects of a cherished
home, yet the stranger's pillow was smoothed by
the hand of sympathy, and the agonies of disease
were lessened by watchful tenderness, which strove
in vain to avert the approach oi death.
Both of these sourccs of diminished grief ase
found in relation to the gentleman whose seat has
become vacant since we last met together. He died
while yet in the meridian ol" life, although a fatal
malady, for a course of years, had marked him for
its victim, and had counterfeited too well the fur-
rows of age upon his hollow cheek. He was born
in the town and county of Northumberland,
Pennsylvania, in the year 1795, and was educated
as a printer in the city of Philadelphia. Early in
life he established a public journal at Milton, where
he has continued to reside. A mourning fam-
ily will there receive his mortal remains, and
will deposite them, bedewed with pious tears,
in the midst of kindred dust and ashes. His
editorial labors did not cease for more than twenty
years. He thrice served with credit and fidelity in
the legislature of his native State, and he received
those military honors which proclaim the merit of
the individual and the respect of his fellow-citizens.
At the last autumnal election he was returned
to Congress from the thirteenth district of Pennsyl-
vania, composed of four adjoining counties. His
residence among us has been too brief, and his health
too infirm, to have allowed a large accession here to
his stock of friends.
Estimable in the relations of domestic and social
life, active and faithful in the discharge of public
duty, true to his friends, and just (if he had any) to
his enemies, he lived and died respected and esteem-
ed, an honest and honorable man, and a sincere and
zealous patriot.
And thereupon, on motion of Mr. I., the follow-
ing resolutions were unanimously adopted, viz:
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep
sensibility of the death of the Hon. Henry Frick,
a member of this House from the State of Pennsyl-
vania, which took place at his lodgings, in this city,
on Friday last, the 1st instant.
Resolved, That the members of this House will
testify their respect for the memory of the deceased
by wearing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, this House do now
adjourn.
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: A petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, asking the revival of the act of 1837,
gaanting pensions to the widows and infant chil-
dren of persons dying in the naval service of the
United States. The petition of Robt. Brady, of
Philadelphia, praying Congress to indemnify him
for the loss of the schooner Eagle, taken from him
for the public service in the year 1813.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The memorial of John Mc-
Manus and others—63 citizens of Clarke county,
Illinois—asking a grant of lands to complete the na-
tional thoroughfare between the lakes anil the Ohio,
by the improvement ot the AVabash. 1 he memo-
rial of Solomon Malone and others, citizens ot the
same county, asking an appropriation for the Cum-
berland road. s
By Mr. HUN&ERFORD: The petition ot John
B. Groodeiiough foi- bounty land: referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. The petition
of David B. Baker for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. Proceedings oi
public meetings held at Antwerp, Clayton, and The-
resa, New York, against the annexation ol lexas
to the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 5, 1844.
Mr CHOATE presented two sets of resolutions
adopted by the legislature ofMassachusetts—one. de-
claring that it is the duty of the federal government
to make indemnity for losses sustained by Ameri-
can merchants by French spoliations prior to loUU;
and the other urging upon Congress the propriety
of thfc establishment of a congress of nations for the
settlement of international disputes without a resort
to war; which were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. FRANCIS, similar resolu-
tions, which he presented a few days ago from the
[ legislature of Rhode Island, were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BATES presented a memorial from sundry
citizens of the United States, praying that lumber of
all kinds passing down the river St. John, on its
way to the home market, maybe exempt from duty:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEMPLE presented a memorial from the le-
gislature of Illinois, asking a grant of public land to
aid in the construction of the Alton and Mount Car-
mel railroad: referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the Philadelphia Board of Trade, representing that
the State of Delaware ceded to the United States tho
piers at Port Penn, on the condition that the gov-
ernment would keep them in repair. They also
state that several vessels were lost m consequence of
the ruinous state of (he piers, and urge upon Con-
gress the propriety of an appropriation for their re-
pair. Mr. B. said several similar memorials had
been presented and referred. He hoped that the
Committee on Commerce would take the subject into
consideration without delay: referred to tfoe Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also presented a memorial from Susan Bain-
bridge arid several other widows and infant chil-
dren of certain officers and seamen, late in the
service of the United States, praying for the
re-enactment of the law of March, 1837, under
which tliey received pensions, or the granting ot
some similar relief: refened to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. BAGBY presented a petition of Adam Car-
son, of Monroe county, Alabama, praying the right
of pre-emption to a certain tract of land: referred to
the Committee, on Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from Edmund
Roberts and others, praying Congress to refund to
them certain moneys paid to the United States as
sureties of the late Felix W. St. Yam: referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented a memorial fioiu
Jamefc Robertson, Robert H. Bayard, and others,
assignees of the late bank of the United States,
chartered by the State of Pennsylvania, praying the
repayment of a sum of money advanced by that
bank to Williamson Smith, a contractor of the gov-
ernment for the removal of the Cherokee Indiana,
and allowed by the accounting officer in the settle-
ment of his accounts: referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from Rob-
ert Ramsay, of Charlotte, in the county of Wash-
ington, and State of Maine, praying for an increase
of pension; and the petition of Ylannah Thompson,
of Calais, Maine, asking for a pension for the revo-
lutionary services of her late husband: referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition of Ledour &
Co. and others, representing that they are the pres-
ent owners of the patents heretofore issued to Gen-
eral Lafayette for three tracts of land in the parish
of Point Coupee, Louisiana, but that those patents
are for lands originally granted by the Spanish gov-
ernment to Daniel W. Bouligny, and confirmed (o
him by the United States; and praying for authori-
ty to surrender such patents and to make new locu-
tions: referred to the Committee on Public Lands. ^
On motion by Mr. SEMPLE, the resolutions oi
the legislature of Illinois, presented some time ago,
instructing the senators and requesting the pepresent-
atives for that State to use their exertions to pro-
cure the passage of the bill before the feenatc for the
occupation and settlement of the Oregon Territory,
were referred to the special committee upon that
bUOnCmotion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the resolu-
tions of the legislature of Michigan, asking for grants
of land to construct a road from Saginaw to Miehili-
mackinac and Sault Ste. Marie, and to complete the
Grand river road, were taken up, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
SOLICITOR OP THE GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which a resolution of inquiry of
the Senate upon the subject had been referred, re-
ported a bill to abolish the office of the Solicitor of
the General Land Office, and providing that the du-
ties of that office shall be performed by the recorder,
or by such other person employed in that office as
may be designated from time to time by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office: read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
