Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
3 S$
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
they come, he must be permitted to have an eye on
the interests of his immediate constituents. He
should make the effort to secure an appropriation
here, and if it should fail in this form, he should not
be deterred from making another effort hereafter.
It is unnecessary (said Mr. W.) to enter into an
argument to establish the constitutionality or expe-
diency of this road—a work commenced under the
administration of Mr. Jefferson (a strict construc-
tionist of the constitution,) and sustained by every
President who has since occupied the executive
chair. He would not, with the evidence before him
of the impatience of the House, travel over the
ground so often occupied in the discussions here-
tofore had on this subject. It was perhaps enough
for him to say, that this great work, connecting the
Eest with the extreme West, has been regarded
with the most favorable consideration by all "of our
Presidents since the days of Mr. Jefferson. Its
completion would bind the Union more closely to-
gether, and break down those sectional prejudices
which distance so often engenders, to the disturbance
of the harmony oftherepublic. This is a great nation-
al highway, which,when finished, will bs regarded, as
one of the most useful and magnificent improvements
of which the nation can boast—a work which, aside
from the benefits conferred on the people having
occasion to pass over it, will do more to brighten
and strengthen the chain which binds these States
together, than any other improvement ever com-
menced. He hoped that no sectional hostility, no
false notions of economy, would induce gentlemen
to refuse the small appropriation which he now
asked for. This road has been opened through
Ohio; releases obtained from the owners of the
lands over which it passes; and, west of Springfield,
just enough work done to make it almost impassa-
ble in the winter and spring. In the meanwhile
beautiful towns and villages have sprung up, and
improvements been made under the expectation that
the general government would redeem its pledge to
continue this road to its completion. The government
stands solemnly pledged to prosecute this work; and
to refuse to do so would be the grossest injustice
to the industrious and enterprising citizens who
have given up their land, and invested their means
in improvements through which the road passes.
He had, during the time he had been a member of
this House, endeavored, at each session, to obtain
an appropriation to this work, but he had hitherto
been unsuccessful. He might sometimes have
complained of this injustice in abandoning the pros-
ecution of it, in language calculated to irritate gen-
tlemen from other sections of the country. He
hoped, however, that each member would examine
the question for themselves. If they did not be-
lieve that the work was one of a general and national
character, calculated to advance the interests of the
republic—if they do not believe that the government
is bound, in good faith, to complete it, of course he
did not expect their votes. As deeply as he was
interested in it, he did not desire an appropriation
unless gentlemen were satisfied of its justice and
propriety.
He knew the present state of our finances would
not warrant large appropriations; and he should
neither nor her vote for extravapant expenditures in
the West, or anywhere else. The amendment which
he now proposed appropriated $75,000 to the road
in Ohio, $75,0U0 in Indiana, $75,000 in Illinois, and
$25,000 to commence the construction of a bridge
over the Ohio river at Wheeling. This last appro-
priation was absolutely necessary, in order to con-
nect the road on the Ohio and Virginia side, as now
completed. Until a bridge has been constructed,
it will hardly be said that the government has _>e-
deemed its pledge to make the road to the west side
of the Ohio river. Besides, as a post road, it was
highly important this bridge should be constructed.
In" the winter season the mail is very often detained
many hours, because of the impossibility of crossing
the stream from the obstructions produced by the ice.
He had no doubt the bridge could be so constructed
as not to impede or obshuct the navigation of the
river; and he therefore hoped it would be speedily
commenced. However strict gentlemen may be in
their construction of the constitution, he could not
believe that any objection would be made by those
who recognise the power of the government uto es-
tablish post-offices and post-roads." He submitted
this as a portion of his own amendment, upon con-
sultation with his friend from Virginia, [Mr. Steen--
rod,] who had reported a bill for this purpose, and
taken a deep interest m the work.
Mr. W.said, as the time for closing the debate
(23)
had been fixed, and would expire in a few minutes;
and as there were other gentlemen who desired to
offer amendments, and explain them, we would not
farther trespass upon the patience of the committee.
Mr. W. subsequently submitted his amendment,
which was rejected by the committee.
SPEECH OF MR EVANS,
of maine,
In Senate, January 22 and 23,1844 In reply to Mr.
McDuffie of South Carolina, on the tariff.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing report from the Committee on Finance:
January 9, 1844.—Mr. Evans, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, reported the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the bill entitled <:A bill to revive the act of
the 2d March, 1833, usually called the compromise act, and
to modify the existing duties upon foreign imports, in con-
formity with its provisions," is a bill "for raising revenue,"
within the meaning of the 7th section of the 1st article of
the constitution, and cannot therefore originate in the Sen-
ate; therefore,
Resolved. That it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. EVANS rose and addressed the Senate as
as follows:
I confess, Mr. President, that I enter upon the
discussion of the subjects which are now before the
Senate with much reluctance. Seldom have, I un-
dertaken to address a legislative body with so little
feeling of interest as on the present occasion. This
does not arise from any want of just appreciation of
the importance of the questions which are involved,
for I agree that they are of great and paramount im-
portance; but from a consciousness, which I cannot
shake off, that I am speaking upon worn-out and
threadbare topics, with which the public mind is al-
ready quite familiar. They have been so often dis-
cussed, here and elsewhere, that nothing of novelty
or freshness remains in them, and little farther in-
tellectual effort is required in conducting the argu-
ment than the exercise of the memory. But while
I consider this debate out of place, out of time, and,
as the question is now presented in the report of the
committee, out of order, I am nevertheless not at
liberty to decline it; I have not invited, but it does
not become me to shrink from it.
These subjects, I have remarked, are exceeding-
ly familiar. The honorable senator from South
Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] is fully aware of it; for,
he seemed to anticipate what he called "stereotyped
arguments," in reply to the able speech with which
he instructed the Senate. What would he hear?
Truth, sir, is eternal. What was true last year and
the year before, upon these grave matters, is equal-
ly true now. What were just and sound princi-
ples of political economy, and of national policy,
two years ago, or ten years ago, are just and sound
principles to-day; and is it expected that they will
not be maintained again, when the occasion demands
it' The same weapons which were used then to
refute error and expose sophistry, must be used
again, and hereafter, and as often as the same error
and the same sophistry require to be refuted and ex-
posed. We have nothing new in these matters but
experience—fresher and fuller experience—and
from that source alone, can the subject be invested
with any new interest or attraction.
The honorable senator [Mr. McDuffie] has
spoken, as he always speaks, especially upon ques-
tions of this character, with extraordinary zeal and
warmth. He deals very largely in strong and pos-
itive assertions. That port of speech which gram-
marians call adjnetive, and wiiof.-e use adds so much
to the grace and beauty nf style, ;v-j well as to its
force, the senator uses very fieely, but almost in-
variably in the supeiiative degree. He speaks of
the policy of the act of 1842, as the most odious,
most unjust, most abominable, with many other
phrases of similar import, of any which was ever
imposed on a free people, and the arguments by
whioli it is sustained, as the most fallacious and most
absurd that were ever addressed to the mind ot man.
jS'ow, all this is assertion, and assertion merely;
bold, strong, vehement, indeed, but still nothing but
assertion. It proves, undoubtedly, what I am free
to admit, the sincerity, the deep collection of the
honorable senator, in the truth of Ins opinions; but
it proves nothing more. Strong expressions, vehe-
ment denunciations, accumulated epithets, however
frequently repeated, are not among the best modes
of discovering truth, though they are among the
most efficient means of propagating error. I shall
endeavor not to speak with any undue positiveness,
not to betray any extreme earnestness in the opin-
ions or arguments I may advance; though I can As-
sure the honorable senator, if I fall behind him in
this respect, my convictions of the truth'of the prin-
ciples I advocate are no less well founded and sin-
cere than are his own, in the sentiments which he
has advanced.
I proceed, in the first place, Mr. President, to con-
sider an objection which the honorable senator has
raised to the policy which our government has so
long observed, of supplying its revenue mainly, if
not wholly, by imposing duties on foreign imports;
He considers this unequal, and therefore unjust. It
is not practised, he informs us, by any other nation.
I hardly perceive how the practice of other coun-
tries furnishes a guide more suitable for us to fol-
low, in this respect, than in any other of their sys-
tems of policy or forms of institutions. All the
principal powers of Europe, as we well know, are
deeply involved in debt, the interest upon which
they do not always find it easy to meet. They are
encumbered with expensive establishments, civil,
military, and ecclesiastical. To obtain the means
of sustaining the enormously heavy expenditures
occasioned by these causes, they are obliged to
resort to all the modes of taxation which the
skill of their ablest financiers can devise. They
are constrained, not from choice, but neces-
sity, to resort to excises, direct taxation, in-
come taxes, stamp duties, and all the other
modes of obtaining money, which the ingenuity of
their statesmen can invent. Is there a nation in
Europe that would not gladly abandon all its oner-
ous internal taxes, if it could obtain revenue suffi-
cient to meet its wants from the customs' Our sit-
uation is different—wholly different. We can ob-
tain all that is necessary for the, purposes of our
government from this source. Why, then, resort
to other modes, which, in all times, and in all coun-
tries, have been justly regarded as most burden-
some and oppressive? Besides, there is a peculiar
reason why all the revenues of the general govern-
ment should, if practicable, be obtained from cus-
toms. The people of this country maintain two
governments, ana are taxed for the support of both
—State and national: other nations for the support
of one only. The taxation for the support of the
State governments falls wholly on other objects
than imports. They are maintained by direct
taxes, personal or property taxes, excises, ■ &c.
Now, when we consider that the aggregate of all
the sums raised in these modes, probably far exceeds
the revenue of the general government derived from
customs, wer perceive that, even upon the example
of other nations, it is proper to supply the revenues
of the general government from an imposition of du-
ties upon foreign imports. In doing this, no such
injustice or inequality is perpetrated as the honor-
able senator has supposed. In Great Britain, he
stated that no more than one-tenth part of the rev-
enue was derived from the customs; but the honor-
able senator has himself discovered his mistake, find-
ing that it was during a period of war, when imports
were probably few, and the necessities for revenue
great, that such relative proportions existed. I find
by Spackman's Statistics of the British Empire, for
1843, (a very valuable work,) that in 1841 the
whole revenue of the kingdom amounted to about
fifty-three millions sterling, of which over twenty-
three millions were derived from customs—almost
one-half. In 1842 it was very nearly the same. I
hazard little in the opinion, that if the whole amount
of the revenues of the States and of the national gov-
ernment could be accuiately ascertained, it would
result that a much smaller proportion of the whole
is obtained from the customs than is obtained from
this source, in Engl.old, ill proportion to its whole
revenue. The example of other nations, therefore,
so far from l.ein^ against the policy which we have
hitherto observed, is dnectly in favor of it. The
honorable senator, although bespeaks quite strongly
of the injustice of this mode of furnishing the reve-
nue of the government, does not, as I understand,
propose to change it. If he should ever make the
attempt, he will find very slight support, I imagine,
in any section of the country. -No portion of it, and
no party in it, will be willing, in my judgement, to
abnndon, ill any degree, the revenue from the duties
on foreign imports, if the deficiency thereby created
is to he supplied by excises or direct taxes. From
the very origin of the government, if any thing was
well understood, and well approved, it was the
policy of supplying the national tieasury in this
mode. Writers on political economy assign as one
of the reasons in favor of it, that a part of the bur-
den thus imposed, is borne by the foreign producer(
