358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844
28th Cong 1st Sess..
The Tariff-—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
[The hour being late, Mr. Evans here gave way
for a motion to adjourn. The next day, the debate
being resumed, Mr. Evans continued his remarks
as follows:]
Mr. President: I concluded yesterday the observa-
tions which I intended to submit to the Senate on two
or thee of the topics which the senator from South
Carolina introduced into this discussion; and endeav-
ored, as far as I was able, to rescue the act of 1842
from the imputations which he had thrown upon it,
of having destroyed the revenue of the government
and the commerce of the country.
I will now proceed to some other matters discussed
by him, and to his other grounds of hostility to the
policy of that act.
The first to which I will advert is, the effect which
the senator attributes to it, of increasing the burdens
of the people of the country, adding largely to their
taxes, and operating onerously and oppressively on
all classes and sections. What are these heavy
burdens to which the senator refers? He states
them in this way: If you impose a duty of 40
per cent—which he supposes this act does, though
it does not—you raise on ten millions of imports,
four millions of revenue. So far, I agree with him.
But the burden, he says, does not stop here- The
ten millions which you, import meet forty millions
(as he supposes) of your own articles of similar
character in the market. As the ten millions im-
ported are advanced in cost to the consumer four
millions, by the duty levied upon them, so he sup-
poses the forty millions will be advanced in the
same proportion—that is, to fifty-six millions—
throwing a burden on the consumer of sixteen mil-
lions, without any benefit to the revenue. The
honorable senator assumes the manufactures of
this country to amount to one hundred and sixty
millions—one-half of which are thus enhanced in
price; and he supposes that, on a fair revenue rate of
auty, the imports would be increased forty millions,
and domestic manufactures would decline to one
■ hundred and twenty millions.
Now, sir, the whole of this argument rests entire-
ly on the idea, that, if you impose a duty, be it
what it may, on the importation of foreign mer-
chandise, it will necessarily raise the price in the
market of this country, precisely in proportion to
the duty you add; and not only will it raise the
price of the imported article, but, it will bring up to
its standard of price every other article of similar
character in the market.
In the first place, sir, all our experience is against
the argument. In no instance where duties have
been advanced, has there been any considerable
rise in the iprice of these articles, much less on the
domestic articles in competition with them. Gene-
rally speaking, the price has declined. This is
experience, and it has been uniform; but it is
against the theory of the honorable senator—and
he says, it can't be so ! The fact he cannot con-
trovert; but he denies that it is the consequence of
the duty, and holds to his theory, insisting that it is
most unreasonable to suppose that if you add any-
thing to the cost of delivering an article in our
market, you do not add to the price it will sell
for.
The theory, and the argument which supports it,
might do very well, if there was to be no competi-
tion in the market; and if, in the second place, the
foreign manufacturer would consent at all times to
sell at the lowest price of cost and charges. But do
we not know that it never happens that the import-
ed article has the market exclusively to itself; and,
in the next place, that the foreign article, whether
free or dutiable, is never sold merely for the cost of
production and delivery? That is not the rule which
governs prices. Is there no such thing as profits?
Are there no losses i;i commercial operations?
What proportion of the price of commodities paid
by the consumer goes to the score of profits, is not
possible to ascertain. No inconsiderable part, in all
probability. Now, what is the great, the invariable
law which regulates prices? Is it not the relation
between supply and demand? If the maiket be
fully supplied, and the demand be limited, ilo not
prices decline, without any regard whatever, or
scarcely any, to the cost of production? If the de-
niand be great, and the supply small, do not prices
rise higher and higher, without the slightest refer-
ence to the cost of the commodity? In the one case
osses are sustained—in the other profits accumu-
late. If we rely upon foreign manufacturers and
upon importers for the supply of our wants, are they
T0"5!,1 ?iwaysJ to keeP this relation be-
tween supply and dcmtuid so nicely adjusted as that
prices shall not decline?—that profits shall not fail?
Prices will be left pretty much at their control. Is
it consistent with our experience, with our know-
ledge of human nature, to expect that they will fur-
nish us at the mere cost of production? The addi-
tion of four millions, in the shape of duties levied,
to ten millions of imports, does not, therefore, neces-
sarily increase the price of the ten to fourteen mil-
lions. That depends altogether upon whether there
is demand sufficient to take them up at that price.
If there is, they may go up. If not, they will not;
and if there be an overstocked market they may
sink even below ten millions. We have a -single
fact, illustrating the effect of additional duties upon
prices, in the article of crockery ware, directly in the
face of the honorable senator's argument. This ar-
ticle is sold by a scale of prices established as long
ago as 1814, which has never been altered, but sales
are made at an established discount from it. The
rate of discount prior to the act of 1842 was 45 per
cent. Immediately after that act passed, it was
changed to 50 per cent. The act raised the duty
from 20 per cent, to 30. Now, how stands the mat-
ter in regard to price?
Before the act—Invoice at the scale of 1814 - $100
Discount off 45
Cost in England -
Duty 20 per cent. -
Cost here
Since—Invoice as before
Discount 50 per cent. -
Cost in England
Duty 30 per cent.
Cost here - - - -
- 55
- 11
- 66
- $100
- 50
- 50
- 15
- 65
Showing an absolute diminution of the cost in our
market of about 2 per cent., one dollar oil fifty, al-
though you have added 10 per cent, to the duty,
and four dollars to the revenue. The cost to the
consumer has been diminished, by diminishing the
profits of the manufacturer. The importer, in or-
der to carry on his business, must also reduce his
profits; and in this way it is that an increase of du-
ties does not add to the cost, but may reduce it.
This is an illustration, but it is a fact also, and
is true of a great many articles besides. It ex-
plains the mystery which perplexes gentlemen so
much—how an increase of duties can diminish
prices.
If we depend mainly upon foreign producers for
the supply of our essential wants, will they not take
care to obtain the largest remuneration for their la-
bor? Tliey may, indeed, sometimes find it good
policy to sell at the lowest rates, and below even the
cost of production. Whenever their supply out-
runs the demand for home consumption, inasmuch
as by far the larger portion of their products is con-
sumed at home, the price of the whole naturally de- .
clines. It is, then, of the first importance to ship
the surplus to other nations, and to dispose of it for
whatever may be obtained. By sacrificing a small
part of their productions, they keep the larger part
from sinking. They run up the price at home, by
diminishing the stock in the market, and thus in-
demnify themselves for losses sustained abroad.
This every merchant and manufacturer in England
well understands. They watch the course of busi-
ness and the state of trade assiduously; and they
take caie, having the chicf control of the markets of
the world, that prices shall not decline. The
consequence of such dependence on our part, is, at
one time a scarcity and high prices, and at another
an excess and low prices—sometimes stagnation in
trade and commerce, sometimes speculations and
excitements, and at all times, uncertainty. What
our country most wants is uniformity, stability, reg-
ularity; and this is one of the benefits derived, and
to be still more enhanced, from the policy of pro-
tecting our own manufactures.
What effect on prices abroad does the honorable
senator suppose an additional demand for the forty
millions would produce? He desires to import forty
millions more. What would be the inevitable effect?
Most unquestionably, a rise in the foreign price.
Open a new market to that extent, which is about
one-fifth of the whole exports of manufactures from
England, and you will add 20 or 25 per cent, to the
present demand for exportation, and of course to the
price. This matter of price is very elastic. A light
weight sinks it below the level which the additional
burden would naturally occasion; and the removal
of the pressure gives it an upward spring beyond
what it would otherwise have reached. These
things, indeed, correct themselves in time. A year
or two ago, when addressing the Senate upon this
subject, I read an original letter from a manufacturer
of iron in England, to his correspondent in this
country—complaining, among other things, of the
extremely low price of iron there. He said
the business was then conducted at a ruinously
low rate; and they were looking with anxiety for
an alteration of our tariff, and a reduction of
the duty, in the confident expectation that the
demand would increase, and prices rise. The hon-
orable senator himself argues upon the same prin-
ciple. What does he desire? To increase the de-
mand for cotton abroad. For what purpose? 'To
enhance its price. He goes entirely upon the
ground that by opening new markets for cotton
abroad, or improving old ones, cotton will rise. So
it will. And, by the same reasoning, a new and larger
demand here for foreign productions, will occasion
a rise in the price of these productions abroad. If,
then, prices rise abroad, now are our consumers
benefited? What is, and has been for some time,
the great complaint of the tobacco growers of this
country? That foreign governments impose heavy,
very heavy duties upon the importation of that ar-
ticle into their territories. How does that injure
them? It is largely in demand, and markets are
found for all which can be grown. According to
the senator's argument, the duty imposed upon it
adds exactly so much to its price abroad; and the
removal of the duty would by just so much dimin-
ish the price. Of what consequence, then, is it to
the planter, whether the duty is on or off—high or
low? No; the truth is, if the duty were removed
the demand abroad would very greatly increase, and
prices here would rise in a corresponding degree.
The tobacco planters of Virginia and Maryland un-
derstand this full well, and have been making,
through our diplomatic agents, vigorous efforts to
effect a reduction of the duties levied by most of the
nations of Europe upon their productions.
The act of 1842 increased the duty on molasses.
The immediate consequence was, the price of it in
Cuba declined to a greater extent even than the ad-
ditional duty imposed. I have been informed there
was so little demand there for a time, that the man-
ufacturers gave it away to anybody who would fur-
nish the casks and be at the expense of filling and
removing them. The mere expectation that we
were about to lay a duty of two cents a pound Oil
coffee, occasioned a fall of price in Rio, equal to
that sum; and when Congress adjourned without
imposing the duty, it immediately rose again. Such
is our experience in these matters; and there is
nothing strange or mysterious or incomprehensible
about it.
But the honorable senator supposes that the effect
of imposing a duty of 40 per cent, on ten millions
of imports, is, to add to forty millions of domestic
articles a similar rate of enhanced price; and that is
the great grievance complained of. Well, sir, I
must say—if I understand the statement—it strikes
me as very singular. He supposes we have got
forty millions of domestic articles already in the
market, to which ten millions of foreign articles of
the same description are also brought, and that if we
impose four millions on the latter, making then four-
teen millions, we also impose the same rate of addi-
tion on the forty millions, raising them at once to
forty-six millions—so that the price of the original
fifty millions, (forty domestic, and ten foreign,) will
be raised to $70,000,000. Now, my theory on the
matter would be this: If you have got forty millions
of domestic goods in the market, they have a cer-
tain value, the price for which they can be sold de-
pending on the law of supply and demand. If you
have enough for the demand in forty millions, the
price will be no more than a fair remuneration for
the production, including cost, charges, and the
average profits of the country. If the supply is
not enough, the price will certainly rise beyond that
standard. What, then, will be the effect of adding
ten millions to forty already on hand' If the forty
millions were as much as the wantfc of the country
required, you necessarily create a surplus in the
market. You have fifty millions of productions,
where forty were sufficient. The price must, there-
fore, inevitably decline. It matters not what it cost
to bring the ten millions in. There they are, and
there they are not wanted. The certain result is,
that the price of the whole fifty millions, instead of
rising up to seventy, as is supposefl, must sink
