Ui
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
terested in the subject, he felt it his imperative duty
to bring it forward, and to endeavor to show that it
was competent for that House to refer to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs the consideration of the
tenth article ofthe treaty of Washington, in relation
to the extradition of criminals. He hoped it would
be referred, and that a report would be made to the
House upon the subject. _ _
Mr. L. referred to various authorities, to show
that it was not unusual for the House to take action
upon subjects of this nature. It was through that
House tliat the voice of the people speaks; it was in
that House that the national sovereignty was con-
centrated. That body, instinct as it was with the
popular spirit, should exhibit and designate the na-
tional will.
Mr. L. next referred to various instances of bad
faith oil the part of Great Britain.
Mr. L. went on to characterize the conduct of
Great Britain in this affair as a flagrant instance of
bad faith, and a want of that honor and fair dealing
which should mark the intercourse of one nation
with another. On the other hand, there had been
no failure on the part of the United States to execute
this tenth article of the treaty; and in doing so, this
government had gone to greater lengths than justice,
good faith, or a regard to our own dignity required.
Mr. L. referred to the ease of Christina Cochrane, a
poor, ignorant, idiotic female, delivered up 011 the de-
mand of the British government on 110 better evi-
dence than that of a constable, who could not even
swear to the commission of the crime of which she
was accused. He referred, also, to the case of Jona-
than Robbins, who was delivered up under Jay's
treaty, upon very insufficient testimony; and this
ease roused such a spirit of indignation in the coun-
try, that no administration since that time had ever
dared introduce the. subject of extradition into a
treaty with England till Mr. Webster included it in
the treaty ofWashington. Notwithstanding the un-
popularity of this principle, it was acquiesced in,
because it was understood that it would provide
against such cases as that of the Creole; and Mr. L.
referred to the correspondence of Lord Ashburton
and Mr. Webster, as well as to publications in Lon-
don papers in the confidence of the British govern-
ment, to .sliow that such was ihe understanding of
the article while the treaty was in the progress of
negotiation. The treaty, however, was hardly exe-
cuted, before good grounds were given for the sus-
picion that they intended to evade it.
Mr. L. then adveited to the declaration of Lord
Ashburton to Arthur Tappan and the abolitionists
of New York, and to the remarks of Lords Aber-
deen anil Stanley, in the British Parliament, to show
that, if there was not previous design to deceive this
government in the negotiation of the treaty, there
was a settled determination to commit a breach of
faith in carrying it into execution. Mr. L. then
spoke of the flimsy prentence on which the author-
ities of Massua had refused to deliver up the
fugitives from justice spoken of in the message,
when properly demanded of them. The crimes they
committed were of the most heinous nature; and
were expressly provided for in the treaty—viz: mur-
der and robbery. The demand for the criminals
was made with all the strictest formalities of law;
and was accompanied with evidence of the most
indubitable authority, and authenticated copies of
the indictments which were found against the crim-
nals. Even if this evidence had been deemed by the
couits of Nassau to be insufficient for the surrender
ofthe criminals, surely good faith 011 the part of the
British government required that they should have
been arrested and held in custody till more evidence
could be procured.
He read eMracts from the decision of the court,
which had yielded, he remarked, to the suggestions
of Parliament: and the extracts showed several
points that were worthy of consideration. One of
Those points was, that an indictment, per se, could
not be received as evidence whereon to arrest a per-
son accused of crime. On this, and on other
points therein set forth, he joined issue. He was
aware that different interpolations had been given
to the 10th article of the treaty; one interpretation
was, that the criminality which should justify the
delivery of fugitives from justice, which' was com-
prehended by the treaty, was such criminality as
would be an offence by the laws of the place in
which the criminal was found; but he must be per-
mitted to dispute the correctness of that interpreta-
tion, and to declare that, if such interpretation was
correct, theie was the more reason to satisfy him
that there had been treachery m the execution of
the treaty; and the honor and dignity of this coun-
try required that it should be immediately abro-
He, however, did not hold such to be the correct
interpretation of the treaty; and he should show
that it was not. It must be borne in mind in the
first place that the offenders were not British sub-
jects, and, as such, entitled to the protection of the
Crown; and that, therefore, there must be ex-
pected to be exceeding caution and delicacy in bring-
ing into imprisonment, by surrendering persons to
a foreign power for trial. They were offenders be-
longing to this country, who had sought the protec-
tion of another power against the punishment due to
their crime; and such evidence was received in the
ordinary practice under the laws of Great Britain.
He went, on to illustrate and sustain this position,
and was proceeding, when the Speaker announced
the expiration of his hour.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then renewed his motion for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Winthrop
and McClelland were appointed, and they report-
ed 57 in the affirmative and 47 in the negative;
which was less than a quorum.
The SPEAKER said it was evident there was
a quorum in the House, and he called upon gentle-
men to vote either one way 01- the other.
The tellers again took the vote, and they reported
81 in the. affirmative and 56 in the negative; so there
was a second.
The main question was also ordered to he put,
and the question recurred on the instructions.
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the executive mes-
sage be laid on the table and printed.
That motion was negatived—64 voting in the af-
firmative and 75in the negative.
Mr. WINTHROP then called for the yeas and
nays on the question of agreeing to instruct, but
they were not ordered; and the motion to instruct
was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
print the executive communication.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired if that motion was not
debatable.
The SPEAKER believed it was.
Mr. GIDDINGS said it was not his intention to
detain the House on this subject for any great
length of time, nor would he, under different cir-
cumstances, have detained it on such a motion at all;
but the gentleman from Florida had taken occasion
to throw before the sountiy certain ideas which he
(Mr. G.) thought should meet with a response; for
the question, as that gentleman had properly said,
was one of great importance. And the considera-
tion which moved him at this time was, that on the
last legislative day, an endeavor was made to sup-
press all debate on the question which was now
thrown upon them. He knew not what was the
extent to which this question of slavery was to be
thrust upon this House, and he now took occasion
to say that he execrated the memory of the man
who introduced the subject of slavery into this hall
—he held that man's memory in estimation as one
who was a violator of the constitution—as one who
had approached the temple of freedom, and dese-
crated its sanctity by bringing there a subject whicu
was prohibited by the genius of our institutions, and
by tile constitution to which they had all sworn al-
legiance.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose to a question of
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS hoped he would not.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired if the question
to print embraced the question of slavery at large.
Mr. GIDDINGS hoped the gentleman would not,
interrupt him.
The SPEAKER said it was difficult for the Chair
to decide what was relevant, and what was inele-
vant; for the message had not been read to the
House, and the Chair knew not, therefore, its con-
tents.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed, and said the House
would bear witness that he had endeavored hereto-
fore to dispose of this question without debate, and
without occupying the time of the House. [Here
the gentleman from Ohio paused.]
The SPEAKER (addressing himself to Mr. Gid-
dings) said, The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he called the country to
bear witness that he had endeavored to hasten the
public business in all respects: he had never spoken
on this question of slavery, unless it had been thrust
upon him by those who were known to be opposed
to that institution. The gentleman from Florida
had made allusion to a clause in the treaty which,
he presumed, originated in the case of the Creole.
Now, his (Mr. Giddincs's) views on the case,
of the Creole were before the country; and
it was a case on which he would take
occasion to repeat that his views remained
as he had heretofore expressed them. He was
of opinion that no crime or offence was com-
mitted on board the Creole—no offence known or
recognised by the laws of this nation, or any State
of which it was composed. He wished to be dis-
tinctly understood on this question, for it was one
of vast importance to the republic. It involved the
question whether this should be a government of
slavery or of liberty. He would repeat, also, what
he had heretofore frequently said, that slavery was
a local institution, unknown beyond the jurisdiction'
by which it was. created. Slavery in Virginia was
confined distinctly and definitely to the territory of
that State; and the moment a slave was taken by
his master beyond the boundaries of that State, he-
was a slave 110 longer.
Mr. DELLET rose to a question of order. He
insisted the gentleman from Ohio had no right to
inflict on the House abolition speech after abolition
speech. The gentleman had had his day, andnowhe
was out of order in inflicting these remarks on the
House.
The SPEAKER said he felt difficulty in deciding
how far the gentleman should go, the communica-
tion not having been read.
Mr. DELLET remarked that that was sufficient
to show at once that the gentleman from Ohio was
out of order.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ohio
might be discussing questions in the communication
itself, for aught that was known. It was impossible
for the Chair to say whether the gentleman was m
order or not, unless the document were read. It
had neither been read nor printed.
Mr. DELLET took an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, by which the gentleman from Ohio
was allowed to proceed.
Mr. GIDDINGS hoped the gentleman from Ala-
bama would withdraw his appeal.
Mr. DELLET replied that lie would not with-
draw it, if he could make it stick.
The SPEAKER then stated the question on the
appeal.
Mr. PAYNE inquired whether it would be in or-
der to call for the reading of the documents.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL suggested that the documents
not having been read, the gentleman from Ohio was
out of order in debating the subject.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested anotherpoint—that
the documents having been referred to a committee,
were not in possession of the House, and could not,
therefore, be debated.
The reading of the documents was then called for.
Mr. REDING inquired if it would be in order to
withdraw the motion to print?
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had not yielded the
floor; and he contended that no call for the reading,
or withdrawal of any motion, would be in order.
Mr. WELLER said he believed he had a right,
as the decision of the House was demanded, to^-all
for the reading of the documents, to enable him to
come to a correct decision.
The SPEAKER sustained the right of the gentle-
man to call for the reading of the documents; and
they were accordingly read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER then remarked that he did not
think upon the question before the House, the gen-
tleman had any right to go into a discussion of the
subject of slavery.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would pass over, then
all allusion to that subject, and confine himself to a
reply to the observations of the gentleman from
Floiiua. He did not intend to wander from the
subject before the House. The report was in re-
gard to the surrender of persons claimed as having
commited crimes; and it was upon the point as to
identifying those persons, that he took issue with
the gentleman.
Mr. TUCKER rose to a question of order. The
question was upon a motion to print, and not upon
the propriety or impropriety of surrendering crim-
inals.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he hoped the gentleman
would not be more captious with him than witli
others. The gentleman from Florida had expressed
his views, and he claimed the same right. He eon-
