344
CO&GJlfiSSlONAL GLOBE.
the petition of Mathias Syphur and one hundred
and twenty-three others, of the same county, of
similar import. Also, the petition of Thomas Boyle
and eighty others, citizens of' Indiana and other
counties, Pennsylvania, praying that there may be
no reduction ®f the duty on salt.
By Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT: The petition
of citizens of Lockport, New York, for the improve-
ment of Olcott harbor.
By Mr. P. B. JOHNSON: The petition of Isaac
H. Delong, and 40 other citizens of Ohio, for the
establishment of. a mail route from Morristown, in
the county of Belmont, to Lowell, in the county of
Washington, in said State: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: A memorial, signed by
several hundred citizens of Philadelphia, m favor
of certain improvements in the patent laws, and of
increasing the facilities of the Patent Office. Also,
the petition of Mr. Wallace, asking Congress to
Eurchase copies of Gordon's Digest of the Revenue
,aws.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Du Page county, Illinois, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege ana the
reduction of postage: referred to the Committee on
the Post Officc and Post Roads. Also, a petition
from the mayor and citizens of Chicago, for a mail-
route from Chicago to Grand Detour, via Babcock's
Grove, St. Charles, Sycamore, and Coltonville: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, Also, additional papers m the case of the
widow of William Billsland, of Will county, ap-
plying for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. EMERY D. POTTER asked and obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers and documents of the heirs of John Wil-
kinson, asking remuneration for losses in the late
war with Great Britain; and, also, the papers and
documents of Conrad House, for a like claim;
which, together with additional evidence, were re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims. Mr. P. also
presented the petition of sundry citizens of Ohio,
praying the establishment of a post route from
Maumee city, Ohio, to White Pigeon, Michigan;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HITTER: Two memorials, asking that
such alterations may be made in the law requiring
coasting licences as may exempt from its operation
all canal boats employed in the domestic coal trade,
which are dependent upon the application of the
external power of animals or steam to propel
them: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. WHEATON: The petitition of inhabi-
tants of Onondaga county, New York, asking for a
mail route to be established from Baldwinsvills, in
the county of Onondaga, to Wolcott, Wayne coun-
ty, New York.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The claim of Catha-
rine ICnaggs, of Monroe, Michigan, for payment of
damages sustained during the lust war. Also, the
petition of citizens of Adrian, Michigan, for a re-
duction of postage.
By Mr. HE1NRY DODGE- The petition of D.
Howell, and 288 others, inhabitants of Winnebago
county, State of Illinois, asking Congress for an
appropriation for a harbor at the town of Southport,
Racme county, in the Territory of Wisconsin: re-
ferred to tlie Committee on Commerce. Also, the
petition of 76 citizens of the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, asking Congress for an appropriation for a har-
bor at the town of Monotowie, on the western shore
of Lake Michigan, m said Teiritory: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. FICKLIN: Petition of John Scott, of
DeWitt county, Illinois, praying compensation for
a horse lost in the revolutionary war: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. DUNLAP: Petition of John McKeen
and others, of Brunswick, Maine, for indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday March 6, 1844.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of James Low; and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEMPLE presented a petition, signed by 135
citizens of Alton and vicinity, praying for an appro-
priation for the extension of the Cumberland road,
to Alton, on the Mississippi river; referred to the
Committee on Roads anjl Canals.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
Seth M. Leavenworth, praying the payment of a
balance due to him as a contractor for carrying the
mail: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from up-
wards of 5,000 citizens of the States of Indiana and
Ohio, asking for an additional grant of land for the
completion of the Wabash and Erie canal to the
Ohio river: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PORTER presented a petition from citizens
of Jasper county, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Newburg to Jasper, in Michigan;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition
and papers of the heirs of John Clandoria.
Mr. PHELPS presented resolutions adopted by
the legislature of Vermont, declaring that the an-
nexation of Texas to the federal Union would be
unconstitutional and dangerous to the stability of
the Union itself, and instructing the senators, and re-
questing the representatives from that State to vote
against any such measure: ordered to lie on the ta-
ble, and be printed.
Also, presented seven other resolutions of the
legislature of that State, in favor of the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia and Territories
of the United States, and declaring that slavery
ought to be abolished in the States composing the
Union, by proper means, &c.
Mr. PHELPS moved that these resolutions be
also received.
The question of reception was, on motion, laid on
the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented two memorials;
one of which was signed by almost every member
of the Kentucky legislature, praying that Congress
will grant to the State of Indiana the lands remain-
ing unsold in the Vmcennes district, to complete the
great canal (the Wabash and Erie) by which it is
proposed to open a direct communication between
Lake Erie and the Ohio river. Mr. C. said it was
deemed to be a work of gieat national importance; in
which not only the States of the West, but all the
States, are materially interested: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, now having charge of
the subject.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition signed by a
large number of persons in Cumberland county,
Virginia, asking Congress to m^e provision, by
law, for pensioning the widows and children of
those officers, seamen, and marines who perished
on board of the United States schooner Grampus:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also presented the petition of Dr. J. T. Caldwell,
praying indemnity for losses sustained in conse-
quence of a change made by the Post Office Depart-
ment in his contract for carrying the mail: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, the petition of the legal representatives of
Thomas G. Peachy, praying indemnity for property
destroyed by the enemy during the revolutionary
war: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce, of the city of Savannah,
Georgia, m favor of a reduction of the rates of post-
age, and their modification to the federal coin, and a
restriction of the franking privilege: ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed, a bill on the subject
having been reported by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
Rhodes Thompson, a soldier of the revolution,
praying compensation, by way of a pension, for his
services: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ARCHER submitted ihe following resolu-
tion; which lies one day on the table, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of transferring
from the State to the War Department such of the
papers purchased of Washmgton's heirs as consti-
tute evidence of the service upon which claims to
pensions are adjusted.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following
resolution; which lies one day under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate, extra copies of the House document, No.
296,3d session 27th Congress, (Mr.W. C. Johkson's
report,)
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into, and report on, the ex-
pediency of requiring the circuit and district courts,
within the district of Illinois, to hold alternately the
terms of said court at Chicago and Springfield, in
said State.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented resolutions adopt-
ed by the legislature of Kentucky, expressing the
opinion that the rates of postage are too high, and
should be reduced: ordered to be printed, and laid
on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the report of Captain Cram, of the survey
of the harbor of Saint Louis: ordered to lie on the
table.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition and
papers of Mrs. Susan Trigg.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition" (taken from
the files) of William McPherson for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, with several amendments, the bill
from the House, making appropriation for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, and for the fulfilment of treaty stipulations
with the Indian tribes, for the fiscal year commenc-
ing on the 1st of July, 1844, and ending on the 30th
June, 1845. The amendments were ordered to be
printed.
CONTRACTORS WITH THE GOVERNMENT.
The bill to afford relief to certain contractors with
the government—by extending the time for their
fulfilment—was read the third time, and passed.
The adverse report of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims in the case of the administrator of
William Grayson, and of the Judiciary Committee
in the case of David C. Wilson, were concurred in
by the Senate.
The adverse report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs in the case of Julia S. Weed, was, on motion
of Mr. WHITE, ordered to lie on the table.
The adverse report of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims in the case of Albert Paulding, was,
on motion of Mr. PORTER, ordered to lie on the
table.
The bill to increase the salary of the district
judge of the district court of the United States for
the western district of Virginia, was taken up as in
committee of the whole, and, there being no propo-
sition to amend it, was reported to the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was satisfied there were
other cases equally meritorious, and he was not pre-
pgred to give his sanction to the bill then.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, it was laid on the
table for the present, the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee being absent from his seat.
The bill to encourage the settlement of the Terri-
tory of Oregon came up in order, as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. ARCHER moved to lay it on the table for
the present. He said that, before that motion was
put to the Senate, he would give notice that, on to-
morrow, he would move the Senate to lay the reso-
lution of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Semple,]
on the same subject, on the table, instead of refer-
ring it to the Committee on Foreign Relations, as he
first proposed.
Mr. KING inquired if the senator from Virginia
[Mr. Archer] intended to speak on the question.
Mr. ARCHER said he did. There had been as,
many speeches made on the other side of the house
as his own will have made after he shall have
spoken.
Mr. SEVIER asked the senator to withdraw the
motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ARCHER did so.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that he only wished to
say that the senator from Virginia was very greatly
mistaken, in supposing th^t the bill for the settle-
ment of the Oregon was anything like the proposi-
tion of the senator from Illinois, [Mr. Semple,]
giving notice for the termination of the convention
permitting the joint occupation of the Oregon.
Mr. S. then showed that the bill had m view the
protection of the American settlers in the Oregon
and the building of forts on the lines to that terri-
tory.
Mr. ARCHER could not understand why the
