CONGRESSIONAL GtQBE.
347
honorable senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,]
wished to go into a discussion of this bill to-day.
He thought that gentleman must be aware that the
other discussion, which had the precedence, ought
to be disposed of first.
Mr. SEVIER said there was no connexion be-
tween the two propositions.
Mr. BUCHANAN wished to ask his friend from
Virginia [Mr. Archer] if he [Mr. A.] meant to de-
prive him of an opportunity to make some remarks
on the resolution of the senator from Illinois [Mr.
Semple.] The fact was, his nature was always
yielding; and he had already yielded to every body
who had expressed a desire to speak upon the sub-
ject. He had a few remarks to make; but he sup-
posed from the notice of his friend from Virginia,
that after that senator finished his own remarks, he
would move to lay the resolution on the table. He
(Mr. B.) hoped that course would not be pursued.
The courtesy of the .Senate had always been remark-
able—that of his friend from Virginia particularly so;
and he could not think that he [Mr. A.] intended
laying the subject on the table when he (Mr. B.)
was a co-member with him of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and had a right to say something
upon this question.
The bill was then passed over informally for the
day.
The bill for the relief of William De Puyster and
Henry N. Cruger was taken up and considered as
in committee of the whole, reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
SECOND REGIMENT OF DRAGOONS.
The bill to repeal so much of the act approved
the 23d of August, 1842, as requires the 2d regi-
ment of dragoons to be converted into a regiment of
riflemen, after the 4th of March, 1843, was taken
up as in committee of the whole, and there being
no proposition to amend it, was reported to the
Senate.
Mr. TAPPAN was understood to say that there
was 110 necessity for two regiments of dragoons; one
was enough for the country to pay at present. At
this time they could not drive the Indiana into a
war, if they were treated justly. The contrary
treatment only would create an Indian war, and
consequently any necessity for another regiment of
dragoons.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN would meiely remark that
he was unwilling for the bill to pass without discus-
sion. He would not object to its being passed to
a third reading, and then laying it on the table till
to-morrow. He was opposed to its passage, and
should vote against it. Some of the friends of the
bill were absent, and he did not wish to take advan-
tage of their absence in opposing the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The bill for the relief of Daniel G. Skinner, of
Alabama, was considered as in committee of the
whole; and after some explanation of its provisions
by Mr. WRIGHT, it was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill to provide for the settlement of claims for
losses of property by reason of its military occupa-
tion, in the Territory of Florida, was taken up as
in committee of the whole; but, on motion by Mr.
WRIGHT, was passed over for examination.
The bill for the relief of F. A. Kerr, of Aikansns,
was taken up aft in committee of the whole; and
after a few remarks by Mr. SEVIER in explanation
of its principles, and by Mr. KING in opposition to
the bill, it was iaid on the table for further examina-
tion.
The bill for the relief of Francis H. Harrison,
who was postmaster in Paduidh, Kentucky, pro-
posing to pay him a sum of money, -which was lost
by the burning of the post office, which money had
been collected for postage, was then taken up. 1
Messrs. KING, ATCHISON, McDUFFlE, and
PEARCE, made some remarks on the bill, touching
the propriety of indemnifying officers who may lose
moneys belonging to the government. The bill was,
however, laid on the table for the present.
The bill for the removal from Cincinnati to De-
troit of the office of surveyor general of Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Michigan, came up for consideration—the
question being, "Shall the bill be engrossed for a
third reading?" Upon that motion,
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and the question being put, resulted in
the affirmative by yeas 29, nays 7.
The Senate then resumed the consideration, as in
committee of the whole, of the bill to provide for the
adjustment of land claims within the States of Loui-
siana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Arkansas, and for
other purposes, the question pending being the
amendment proposed by Mr. Henderson, which he
explained at considerable length.
Mr. BARROW also, with much minuteness, ex-
plained the merits of the bill, and proposed amend-
ment.
The subject was debated till 4 o'clock by Msssrs
JOHNSON, KING, HENDERSON, BARROW*
SEVIER, BREESE, and WALKER.
During the discussion, a great many modifica-
tions oftheamendment, and various alterations, were
adopted.
The bill finally was reported back to the Senate
wifh the amendment as modified; and the question
being on adopting the amendment,
Mr. HAYWOOD rose and appealed to the friends
of the measure to separate the amendment from the
bill, and let the. original bill stand on its merits; rec-
ommending them to bring in a separate bill grounded
on the amendment.
It appeared from what transpired in debate, that
the, original bill was reported for the relief of un-
doubted claimants of lands in the States mentioned,
growing out of legal and acknowledged titles; but
the amendment was a substitute for the original bill,
to let in claimants in possession who are innocent
purchasers, or occupants under derivative titles from
innocent purchasers, donees, or supposed grantees;
and in cases of alleged frauds of fabricated Spanish
titles, to let the innocent occupants hd"\e 11 pre-emp-
tion right at $1 25 per acre.
On motion by Mr. HAYWOOD, pending the
question of adopting the amendment made in com-
mittee of the whole, the bill and amendment were
ordered to be laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. ARCHER said there were some messages
from the President of the United States to be con-
sidered in secret session, one of which was of great
importance, and it was necessary if should meet im-
mediate reference. He therefore moved the Senate
to gov into executive session.
Upon this motion the Senate went into executive
session, and after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
The following resolution, offered some days since,
by Mr WOODBURY, was accidentally omitted
from the Senate proceedings:
Joint resolution, providing for the return of addition
al items in the commercial statistics.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the. United Stales of America in Congress assembled,
Thai the Secretary of the Treasury be required to
annex, hereafter, to the statistical returns of the
commerce of the United States, a table, giving, in
the first column, the quantity of each article import-
ed yearly; in the second column, the value of each
on which the duty is assessed, giving it by the same
measure or quantity as that on which the duty is
assessed; in a third column, the rate of duly im-
posed 011 cach articlc; and in the fourth, the a\erage
wholesale price of each, compiled from the prices
current m Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, Charleston, and New Orleans, or in such of
these ports as any of the articles may be sold du-
ring the year; in a fifth column, the quantity of any
like article of domestic origin ascertained or esti-
mated to be made or grown in the United States,
during the same year; and in a sixth, the average
price of it at the ports aforesaid for the same year,
compiled and obtained in like manner with that m
the fourth.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 6, 1844.
Mr. DICKINSON offered a resolution to authorize
Nancy Wilson to withdiaw certain papers on the
files of the Pension Office, that they might be refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the course proposed was
an unusual one; and, therefore, he objected to the
reception of the resolution.
PAGES AND MESSENGERS OP THE HOUSE.
Mr. JAMESON inquired if the resolution which
he offered yesterday, to authorize the doorkeeper of
the House to employ four additional assistants in
the folding room, was not first in order this morn-
^The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. JAMESON then said that, upon examin-
ation, which he had made since yesterday, he had
come to the conclusion to withdraw that resolution,
and move a reconsideration of the vote by which
the report of the Committee on Accounts was yes-
terday laid on the table. He found that by this
course, a saving to the country would be effected
of $5 per day, when compared with the expenditure
of the last long session. He concluded by moving
the reconsideration; and on that motion he called
for the previous question.
The report to which the gentleman alluded proposed
to establish the following arrangement:
That the door-keeper be authorized and required
to change the duties and compensation of the force
employed under his direction, and employ the same
as follows, whenever the public service shall require:
1 document keeper, at $2 50 per day - $2 50
1 assistant, at $2 per day - - - 2 00
1 folder in the House, at $2 50 - - 2 50
X folder in the folding room, at $2 50 - 2 50
4 assistant folders, at $2 - - - 8 00
3 attendants at the House doors, at $2 50 - 7 50
2 gallery keepers, at $2 50 - - .5 00
6 pages, at $1 50 - - - 9 00
2 scavengers, at #1 - - - - 2 00
That no person shall be appointed a page of the
House who is not at least twelve years of age.
The SPEAKER put the question .on the motion
for the previous question, and there was not a
second.
Mr. WELLER suggested that the question was
not debatable, and therefore that it was not neces-
sary to sustain the previous question.
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
to reconsider, and the vote was taken by Messrs.
Steexrod and Grinnei.l, as tellers, who re-
ported 70 in the affirmative, and 43 in the negative;
so the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. McDOWELL said he would accept some
amendments which had been suggested to him, one
of which was to retain the six pages at $2 a day each,
instead of §1 50. This would but add to the ex-
penditures $3 a day over the sum which the com-
mittee had proposed; it was nevertheless $5 a day
less than the expenditures for a like purpose, of the
long session of the last Congress.
The question was taken on the motion to lay on
the table; which was negatived.
Mr. JAMESON (hen moved to amend the
report as explained by Mr McDowell; and to
modify it so as to make the report operate to gov-
ern the employment of pages hereafter, and not to
cause the discharge of any pages now employed.
Mr. STEENROD made some remarks which
were not distinctly heard; but he was understood
to state that the little boys employed as pages were
not only attending upon the House during its sit-
ting, but laboriously engaged in the folding-room
until nine o'clock at night. He therefore opposed
the diminution of their pay. He, however, opposed
the employment of any additional messengers; and
said, if the present officers of the House could not
diseharge'the duties performed by. their predecessors,
they had better resign.
Mr. JAMESON replied. He said the gentleman
from Virginia had not certainly understood the
question before the House. There were no addi-
tional hands proposed to be employed by the reso-
lution, over those employed during the long session
of the last Congress. He explained the state of the
case at some length.
The question being upon agreeing to the amend-
ment—
Mr. SUMMERS rose, and said he thought there
need be no difficulty in regard to this matter. It ap-
peared to him there was no necessity whatever for
the change in the service of the House which was
recommended by the Committee on Accounts. Du-
ring the last Congress, the subject of the contingent
expenses of the House, and the distribution of the
foice under the direction of the doorkeeper, the
clerk, the postmaster, and the sergeant-at-arms, led
to a report by a select committee, which occupied
the attention of the House for a considerable
length of time, and finally received the sanc-
tion of the House, with a unanimity almost un-
precedented. It was an action of the House, with-
out reference to party. Even the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. C. Johnson,] whom he had al-
ways regarded as a most valuable watchman of the
treasury, concurred in it. The lesolution which
thus received the almost unanimous sanction of the
House, during the last Congress, he proposed to
read, and to point out the difference between it ancj
