April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
363
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. McClelland.
H. of Reps.
them to us. Why should I object to this? Why-
should New England object? Does it not give busi-
ness to those New England people who buy and
transport and sell them? Is it it not the means of
profit and gain to those who deal in them? I shall
be very glad to see more of this kind of intercourse
My honorable friend before me [Mr. Bates] bought
and used last year on his farm, salt made in Ohio.
It came in competition with Massachusetts salt—but
what of that? The purchase, transport, and sale of
it, employed many persons. It was paid for by
some other New England production. And if it did
exclude so much of domestic salt, it opened a mar-
ket for something else which New England could
furnish, and which Ohio wanted.
The senator indulges in a prophetic spirit. He
says he has no doubt that within five years the great
West will join with him in repudiating this tariff poli-
cy, and advocating that of free trade, which he so zeal-
ously recommends. If we do not forget these theo-
ries and prophecies before that time, we shall proba-
bly see how far they will be realized. It is not al-
ways wise or prudent to venture upon proph-
ecies. The honorable senator, and those who
have hitherto opposed the protective system,
have not at all times found their predictions
verified. But, hazardous as it is, I will ven-
ture to predict, in my turn, that if he and I shall
live to the common age of man, and this policy is
allowed to remain a few years undisturbed, he and
I will live long enough to sec, not the Great West
repudiating and abandoning it, but the South itself
upholding and supporting it. The people of the
South, as they experience more and more of its ben-
eficial effects, will become relaxed in their hostility
to it; and will finally, and at no distant day, be
among the firmest supporters of a system, under
which they will see their country advancing in
wealth, and happiness, and power. No, sir; the
doctrines which the honorable senator has advoca-
ted with so much sincerity and so much ability, can
have no permanent abiding place in the South any
more than in any other section of the country.
They have grown up in this generation, and they
will not survive it.
The honorable senator has spoken several times
of England as the "natural market" for southern
productions. What makes it a natural market?
What is meant by the term? England is a great
manufacturing nation, and has been for a long pe-
riod. She was made so by the skill of her people,
and the wisdom of her government, and not from
any natural causes. Cotton ill this country is the
production of less than half a century; and the mar-
ket for it is precisely where the enterprise, ingenu-
ity, and skill of men lead them to its manufacture.
If Arkwright and the other inventors of machinery
had been born in Tunis, instead of Great Britain,
and the government and the people of Tunis
had been wise enough and intelligent enough
to have turned these improvements to ac-
count, Tunis might have been the manufac-
turer of cottons for the world; and then Tu-
nis would haie been the natural market of the
South. No, sir; a market for raw material is very
much an artificial thing. It is where skill and ca-
pacity lead to its manufacture—where the fostering
care of government secures to the people the re-
wards of the labor which they employ in it. Man-
chester and Liverpool are no more natural markets
than are Lowell and Waltham, and the time may
come when these latter will consume more of the
products of the South than the former.
But I see that I am wearying the Senate as well
as myself. It was my purpose, before concluding
these remarks, to examine somewhat more minute-
ly the reply which the honorable senator made to
the arguments in favor of the policy, upon which he
supposed its friends most generally rely. While he
stated them briefly, and, with a single exception,
perhaps, fairly, as they are used by its advocates, I
must say, I did not think the honorable senator very
successful in his attempt to refute them. To re-
state them, and to reply to the honorable senator's
attempted refutation of them, would require more
than the yet unexpired houis of this afternoon, and
I shall leave it to other gentlemen, and to another
occasion, regretting that I have been obliged to oc-
cupy so much of the time of the Senate, in a discus-
sion which I regard as wholly premature.
I do not feel the, slighest apprehension that, the
bill of the honorable senator will become a law, or
could obtain a respectable vote in either House of
Congress I do not apprehend any change in our
policy, at this or the ensuing session of Con-
gress, nor indeed until the operation of the act
shall produce a redundant revenue. At the same
time, I am ready to admit, that there are some
clauses, some particular portions of it, that I would
readily concur in modifying, if it could be done
without opening the whole subject, and exposing
the whole act to invasion. But if, as the senator
supposes, the operation of the act will be to give an
inadequate revenue—if it prove destructive to com-
merce—if it plainly appear to operate so grievously
—so oppressively—so unjustly on any section of the
country as the honorable senator supposes it does, I
shall not be one to stand here to uphold it, when I
see such disastrous consequences. No, sir, not I.
But such cannot be its operation. All I ask of Con-
gress is to allow it to be tested by experience to
refrain from arresting its progress—to cease these
agitations and excitements, which always attend the
discussion of topics so important to the business of
the country: and, as I have always said, when it
has had a fair trial; when our experience is full;
when the country shall be found rising from all its
embarrassments, and the South itself partaking of
the general prosperity;—when all this is accomplish-
ed, I have no belief that any serious attempt will be
made anywhere to uproot a system which has pro-
duced so much good. Public men, I know, can
sometimes bring about the results they predict. If
honorable gentlemen who oppose this system con-
tinue their attacks upon it, if the public mind is to
be kept in perpetual agitation, if the business of the
country is to be always the sport of legislative
change and experiment, commerce may decline, the
revenue may fall off, and general distress may again
prevail. Such consequences, however, must not be
charged to the adoption of the act of 1842. They will
be the results, not of adhering to it, but of repudia-
ting it; not of stability, but of vacillation; not of wis-
dom, but of folly.
REMARKS OF MR. McCLELLAND,
OF MICHIGAN.
In the House of Representatives, J!pril 17, 1844—
On the bill making appropriations for certain
rivers and harbors.
Mr. McCLELLAND having obtained the floor,
spoke as follows:
As the member of the Committee on Commerce
who reported this bill, I feel desirous of expressing
my views on the question under consideration, and
of examining some of the reasons assigned by those
opposed to the general features of the bill. I con-
sider the denunciations of gentlemen as entirely
unwarranted; and, although a member of the same
party with the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Holmes,] who has just taken his scat, yet I
candidly confess I cannot agree with him in the
principles he has ascribed to that party; but had
rather concur with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglass.] Western men believe that Congress
possesses the constitutional power to make appro-
priations for the improvement of their harbors; that
this has been conceded by many of the most dis-
tinguished statesmen of the country, without dis-
tinction of party; and that it is our imperative duty
to exercise, in a salutary manner, this power. To
these opinions they clmg with great tenacity; and it
would be difficult, at tins late day, to convince them
that they arc erroneous. If the doctrines for which
gentlemen contend are sanctioned by the action of
the government, and the appropriations usually
made for such puiposes are withheld, the growth
and prosperity of the western States will be moat
unjustly letaiaed, their commerce endangered, and
the lives of their citizens constantly jeoparded. It
is a question of great national importance, and inte-
rests the Atlantic States as well as the West. The
same principles operate as to the harbors of each
section, and the same rule of action must be pre-
scribed. Grant the force of the reasons urged to
defeat this bill, and no seaboard harbor can be con-
stitutionally preserved or improved by this govern-
ment, and most of our harbor defences must be en-
tirely abandoned.
Few object to the item for the removal of the ob-
structions in the Mississippi river; but strong oppo-
sition is manifested to that for the improvement of
the navigation of the Ohio; and an attempt has been
made to place the two appropriations upon wholly
different grounds. It strikes me that the effort is
fruitless, and that the same rule must be applied in
both cases. Neither is objectionable, because it is
within the limits, or under the control or jurisdic-
tion of a single State, for both bound and wash in
their course several distinct States; and it is obvious
that it is as constitutional to remove obstructions to
the safe navigation of the Ohio as to pull up the
snags of the Mississippi. A question as to the ex-
pediency and propriety of the application may be
raised, but the principle itself cannot be doubted. It
is proper, with our limited means, to bestow what
can be devoted to such objects where it will aid in
saving the greater amount of property and human
life; and, with this view, the committee gave to the
Mississippi a larger sum than the Ohio: and this ac-
counts for the disparity. Such considerations should
have a strong influence; and they were by us duly
appreciated, and had their proper weight. The Illi-
nois—another of the western rivers, has been most
strenuously opposed; and it is insisted that the prin-
ciples of the Wabash river veto apply with great
force, and demand its exclusion. As these argument#
have been examined carefully by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] I will merely remark
that it is sustained upon precisely the same princi-
ples as the Arkansas river, which was em-
braced in all the bills reported and passed in connex-
ion with the Mississippi during the last Congress.
Both, by themselves and their branches, irrigate
other territory besides the States respectively bear-
ing their names—the Arkansas running through the
country west of that State, and the Illinois penetra-
ting into Indiana and the Territory of Wisconsin.
Neither is within the confines or boundaries, of a
particular State; both are navigable streams and
common highways; and the Illinois is the great con-
necting link between the Mississippi and the chain of
northern lakes, and its geographical position in a
commercial and military point of view gives to it
great value and importance. I would like to know
how gentlemen, who were in the last Congress, can
reconcile their votes for bills making appropriations
for the Ohio and Mississippi, including the Arkan-
sas as one of its tributaries, with their determined
opposition to the Illinois river. What earthly rea-
son can be assigned for this difference of action, ex-
cept that the one is a little farther south than the
other.
On what principle does the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Holmes] base his vote for the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers, and yet oppose appropria-
tions for the improvement of lake harbors? What
distinction does he draw between the two?
Mr. Holmes explained, and said that, in his
opinion, Congress had a right to remove obstruc-
tions in the lakes, for the reason that the jurisdiction
was in the United States; but Congress could not
improve the harbors, because the jurisdiction was in1
the States. For the same reason, Congress could
improve the Ohio and Mississippi rivers; for the
United Suites, possessing proprietary and territori-
rial jurisdiction over them, the States could not im-
prove them if Congress did not. But Congress
could not improve the Illinois river, for it did not
possess jurisdiction over it; the jurisdiction of that
river was in the States through which it flowed, and
they had the power to improve it. He also relied
on the ordinance of 1787.
Now, Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. McC.) I. would
cheerfully rely on the gentleman's own ar-
guments, to show the propriety and constitu-
tionality of the appropriations for western har-
bors; and his explanation does not at all relieve
him. What power does Congress possess over
the Ohio and Mississippi, that it does not pos-
sess over other navigable streams of this Union,
and what other jurisdiction can it exercise? It has
not the power of punishing offences on these rivers,
or perhaps on the lakes; because this power is ex-
pressly confined to the high seas. And what pro-
vision of the constitution would preclude an indi-
vidual State from improving the navigation of these
rivers or the lakes. If he will carefully examine
the ordinance of "1787," to which he has ascribed
so much potency, he will find that it does not, in
any manner whatever, interfere with them; that
neither is made a public highway by its provisions,
nor is the proprietary or terntomal jurisdiction over
their wateis given by it to the general government.
On the contrary, if the power to improve is inciden-
tal to their being navigable rivers and public high-
ways, then this ordinance does confer such power
in regard to other streams. The only provision of
that instrument, which has the most distant relation
to the subject, is that which declares that
The navigable waters leading into the Mississippi and St.
Lawrence, and the carrying places between the same, shall
be common highways, and forever free, as we}l to the in--
