S64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Mc Clelland.
April, 1844.
H. of Reps.
habitants of said Territory, as to the citizens of the United
.■States, and those of any other States that may be admitted
into the confederacy, without any tax, impost, or duty
therefor.
Now, this clause, instead of sustaining, militates
strongly against the gentleman; and the tenor of the
■whole ordinance shows that his positions are untena-
ble. Many of the rivers (the mouths of which
have heen improved so as to make them- approacha-
ble, and for the completion or preservation of which
improvements provision is made in this bill) have
been declared by judicial decisions to be, under this
very compact, common highways, and forever free
to the inhabitants of all the States. Their nation-
ality has seldom been questioned in our courts of
justice; and whenever it has, I believe it has been in-
variably recognised and sanctioned. If, then, the
gentleman relies solely on this ordinance,-it is mani-
fest that Congress has the power to make appropria-
tions for all tne objects designated in the bill, except-
ing the Ohio and Mississippi. Now, unless he
places his advocacy of them upon broader grounds,
he will have to refine more than he has; or he loses
the last plank he has to cling to.
This same gentleman, as the organ of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, after brooding over the subject
for some months, has reported a bill appropriating
some $500,000 for the erection of light-houses in
various parts of the Union, comprising divers points
on these very lakes. This class of improvements
was given up at the same time with that of harbor
improvements, under similar circumstances, and for
the same reasons; and, if the system is to be revived,
the same stimulating' causes operate in both cases.
The constitutionality of erecting light-houses has
not, to my knowledge, ever been questioned. The
right to apply money to such purposes has never
been denied. Bill after bill has been passed, and re-
ceived the sanction of different executives, without
the interposition of any constitutional scruples by
those who are in favor of a strict,and rigid interpre-
tation; and yet there is not a solitary provision in the
constitution which, by this straight-laced construc-
tion, will sustain the exercise of the power. What
distinction can be drawn between the erection
of light-houses on the shores of the lakes,
and the construction of lake harbors? The
object of both is to protect our commerce and
prevent those sad and mournful disasters which are
daily occurring. If Congress derives this right, in
the one case, from the power "to regulate commerce
with foreign nations and among the several States,"
or "to provide and maintain a navy," it certainly can
in the other. What greater right has Congress to
erect a light-house on the shore of a lake, within the
limits and jurisdiction of a State, than it has to con-
struct a harbor at the same identical spot; and what
greater control can the government have over the one
than the other. It appears to me to be palpably
plain, that if government has the power to proceed
within the jurisdiction of a State, and without its
assent, or with its silent acquiescence, to erect light-
houses, it has authority, derived from the same
source, to cause the removal of the obstructions to
the safe navigation of the lakes, and to piovide
places of safety and refuge for the vessels that sail
them. It is true, the constitution does not expressly
confer upon Congress these powers, but these may
be looked upon as attributes of other express pow-
ers; and by a fair, rational, and common-sense con-
struction, are necessary to enforce and render effect-
ive other of its provisions. Mr. Madison, in speak-
ing of that clause in the constitution which empowers
Congress "to make all laws that shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the powers
vested in the general government," says, "no axiom
is more clearly established in law, 01 in leason, than
that wherever the end is required, the means are au-
thorized: wherever a general power to do a thing is
given, every particular power necessary for doing it
is included." Now, the application of this axiom to
the problem in question points plainly to its easy
solution; and if true, shows the utter fallacy of the
arguments that have been adduced, and the distinc-
tions that have been made. The proposition is so
self-evident that it requires no reasoning to elucidate
it. Congress possesses the power to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, and among the several
States, and to provide for the common defence. The
power to regulate, implies the power to piotcct,
otherwise we have no right to send our squadrons
into the different seas and oceans m time of peace, and
at the expense of the nation, nor can we construct
light-houses or build break-waters and sea-walls for
this purpose. Large sums are annually appropri-
ated for the erection of fortifications on the seaboard;
and every means is devised to protect its commerce,
and the contiguous country, and the lives and prop-
' erty of its citizens; and, ■ although we object not to
these expenditures, which are often very extrava-
gant, yet we cannot understand, and therefore must
complain at, the reluctance exhibited at granting
comparatively small appropriations for the construc-
tion and preservation of our harbors, which answer
a much better purpose during peace, and are equally
useful during war. They are most excellent substi-
tutes, and will afford greater protection to that sec-
tion of country than all the fortresses that can be
reared upon our borders. One or the other we are
entitled to, and must have; and if experience and
the opinions of the best informed and most observ-
ing men, and the recommendations of your most
competent engineers, combine in substituting the
one in place of the other, as a species of defence,
why deny them to us? Let the amount required to
erect and sustain one fortification of a respectable
class be applied to the construction of harbors, and
their repair, on the lakes, and far more benefit will be
derived from the expenditure than if you should
plant forts from one end of them to the other. No
system of defence can be adopted which will so ef-
fectually protect our northwestern borders; and with-
out it, the country cannot be defended against our
most natural enemy.
A little incident, occurring during the last war, is
related, which fully illustrates the correctness of the
views which I have presented. For a considerable
time, the British had the entire control of Lake
Erie, and annoyed our citizens, ravaged the coun-
try, destroyed our property, and retarded the prog-
ress of the American arms. Capt. Perry fitted up a
fleet in the harbor of Erie, for the purpose of check-
ing the enemy, and recovering the command of the
lake. The British fleet, under the command of Capt.
Barclay, was on the alert, and kept a constant watch
of his movements. There was a bar some distance
outside of the harbor, which prevented Capt. Perry
from getting out into the lake the brig Lawrence, one
of his largest vessels, and it would have been exceed-
ingly dangerous for the American fleet to have passed
out in the face of the enemy, because this vessel could
not sail over the bar with her guns on board, and
the whole must necessarily be exposed, in the mean
time, to the fire of the enemy. Most fortunately
Captain Barclay (as it said) accepted an invitation
to dine on Sunday with a friend on the Canadian
shore. While his vessels were under this coast, the
lake became smooth, and the bar passable. Cap-
tain Perry seized the precious moment, and effected
his purpose by towing the Lawrence to the point
where the deepest water was known to be. Her
guns were taken out and landed on the beach, and
the brig, thus lightened, was, by the aid of scows and
other appliances, lifted over the bar, and her guns
hoisted in. In the interval, the enemy reappeared,
but after reconnoitering for some time, departed; and
in a few days after, Perry gamed his splendid vic-
tory, and accomplished the object he had most at
heart. The glorious consequences flowing from
ths event are so well known, that they need not be
narrated here.
Gentlemen have questioned the constitutionality
of these appropriations; have denied the power to
make them, and have contended that the democratic
party has ever been opposed to its exercise. In
order to determine this, it may not be amiss for us
to examine into the opinions of those who have
been always esteemed its most distinguished leaders.
I believe we shall find that many of them advocated
doctrines that would be considered extremely lati-
tudinarian in comparison with those we advocate.
The system has its origin in the eailiest stages of
our national legislation, and it has seldom since
been seriously questioned. At the first session of
Congress, under the present constitution, an act was
passed providing that all expenses which should ac-
crue from and after the loth day of August, 1789, in
the necessary support, maintenance, and repairs of
all light-houses, beacons, buoys, and public piers,
erected, placed, or sunk, within any bay, inlet, harbor,
or port of the United States, for rendering the naviga-
tion thereof easy and safe, should be defrayed out
of the treasury of the United States; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury was authorized and empow-
ered to provide, by contracts, with the appro-
bation of the President, for rebuilding when
necessary, and keeping in good repair, the
light-house, beacons, buoys, and public piers in
the several States, and for furnishing them with sup-
plies. Many of the framers of the constitution were
members of the Congress which passed this act, and
must have understood well the meaning of that in-
valuable instrument and the powers delegated by it.
And are not the provisions of this act broad and am-
ple enough to cover every item of the bill under dis-
cussion? The very object of the appropriations for
the lakes is the building and repairing piers where
they are imperatively demanded for the protection
of our shipping. Even the distinction which we
make between works of a national and local charac-
ter, and between those necessary for the defence of
the country and those which are not, is no where to
be found in this act, which is, in all its provisions,
general and unqualified. JMr. Jefferson, whose
opinions are entitled to our most profound respect,
went much farther than any part of this bill, by
fair construction, would carry us. He signed bills
making large appropriations for the construction of
the Cumberland road, and recommended a survey
and reconnoisance of a great national road from
Washington city to New Orleans, with a view, un-
doubtedly, to its ultimate construction. In 1811,
Mr. Madison went equally far. At the instance
of the commissioners appointed by the State of
New York, he communicated to Congress copies of
an act of the legislature of that State, relating to a
canal from the northern lakes to the river Hud-
son. In this message he uses this strong and for-
cible language:
The utility of canal navigation is universally admitted.
It is not less certain that scarcely any country offers more
extensive opportunities for that branch of improvements
than the United States, and none, perhaps, inducements
equally persuasive to make the most of them. The partic-
ular undertaking contemplated by the State of New York,
which marks an honorable spirit of enterprise and comprises
objects of national as well as more limited importance,
will rccall the attention of Congress to the signal advan-
tages to be derived to the United States from a general sys-
tem of internal communication and conveyance, and sug-
gest to their consideration whatever steps may be proper on
their part towards its introduction and accomplishment. As
some of those advantages have an intimate connexion with
arrangements and exertions for the general security, it is at
a period calling for these that the merits of such a system
will be seen in the strongest lights.
He does not question the constitutionality, expedi-
ency or propriety of the measure, but, on the con-
trary, gives it his cordial and unqualified approval,
and far outruns the friends of the present bill. It is
due to the memory of that illustrious statesman to
state, that afterwards, when recurring to the subject
of' 'roads and canals" in his seventh annual mes-
sage he says, "that any defect of constitutional au-
thority which may be encountered, can be supplied
in a mode which the constitution itself has provi-
dently pointed out." But this does not imply that
he, but that others, may have entertained doubts
about the power. It will be remarked, moreover,
that his observations are confined exclusively to
"roads and canals," and cannot be so construed as
to embrace harbors or harbor improvements.
Mr. Monroe, in his inaugural address in 1817, rec-
ommends the improvement of our country by roads
and canals, proceeding always with a constitution-
al sanction. He doubts not the general pow-er, but
seems disposed to guard against its improper appli-
cation. The language he uses evinces his strong
attachment to this class of improvements:
By thus facilitating the intercourse between the States,
we shall add much to the convenience and comfort of our
fellow-citizens, much to the ornament of the country; and
what is of greater importance, we shall shorten distances,
and by making each pait moie accessible to. and dependent
on, the other, we shall bind the Union more closely to-
gether. Nature has done so much foi us by intersecting the
country with so many great rivers, bays and lakes, ap-
proaching from distant points so near to each other, that
the inducement to complete the work seems to be pecu-
liarly stiong. A more interesting spectacle was perhaps
never seen than is exhibited within the limits of the United
States—a territory so vast, and jd\ antageouslv situated, con-
taming objects so grand, so useful, so'happif)' connected in
all their parts.
His views in regard to roads and canals after-
wards underwent a change; and, in his message of
1817, he doubts their constitutionality, and proposes
an amendment of the constitution. But in 18^3 he
brought to the consideration of Congress the con-
nexion of the Atlantic ocean and the Ohio liver, and
urged that it possessed the right to appropriate
money for such a national object, the jurisdiction re-
maining in the States through which the canal
might pass; and during his administration several
acts were passed for the improvement of the Missis-
sippi and the Ohio, of the harbor of Presque Isle, on
Lake Eric, and the repair of the Plymouth beach.
During the two terms of President Jackson, appro-
priations similar in character to those now under
consideration, and, with but few exceptions, for the
