April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M§
-28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. McClelland.
H. of Reps.
same purposes, were annually made. His vetoes
do not comprehend any of the points embraced by
this bill; nor do any of the principles contained in
them fairly apply. He was always favorable to
such works, and gave his sanction to many bills
comprising the very same points now designated.
In reference to this kind of improvements he uses
this pointed and emphatic language:
The practice of defraying out of the treasury of the Uni-
ted State? the expenses incurred by the establishment and
support of light-houses, beacons, buoys, and public piers
within the bays, inlets, harbors, and ports -\vithin the United
States, to render the navigation thereof safe and easy, is co-
eval with the adoption of the constitution, and has been
continued without interruption or dispute. As our foreign
commerce increased, and was extended into the interior of
the country, by the establishment of ports of entry and de-
livery upon our navigable rivers, the sph(ye of those ex-
penditures received a corresponding enlargement. Light-
nouses, beacons, buoys, public piers, and the removal of
sand-bars, sawyers, and other temporary impediments in
the navigable rivers and harbors, which were embraced in
the revenue districts from, time to time established bylaw,
were authorized upon the same principle, and the expense
defrayed m the same manner.
In his message-of 1834, he goes decidedly for the
improvement of harbors, upon our great lakes as
well as on the seaboard, and for the removal of par-
tial and temporary obstructions in navigable rivers,
for the convenience and safety of commerce. This
is the message in which he undertakes to prescribe
a limitation for the government of his own conduct
■—confining the expenditures below the ports of
entry or delivery established by law. But he ex-
presses his own conviction, that ''this restriction is
not as satisfactory as could be desired, and that
much embarassment may be caused to the executive
department in its execution, by appropriations for
remote and not well understood objects." It is not
pretended that this limitation is sanctioned by the
constitution, nor has it been advocated by any of the
opponents of this bill; but has been entirely aban-
doned. It is so susceptible of evasion, that it requires
no argument to show its absurdity. All that is ne-
sary to avoid it, is the establishment, in the first
place, of a port of entry or delivery above the point
to be improved, nnd then apply for the means to
make the contemplated improvement. The charge
has frequently been made against Mr. Van Buren,
that he is unfriendly to such improvements, and
constitutionally opposed to them. But this is en-
tirely without foundation. His whole course of
public life vindicates him from it, and most clearly
and satisfactorily proves the contrary. In his fa-
mous letter to Mr. Sherrod Williams, August 8,
1836—he fully and unqualifiedly concurs in General
Jackson's views*, and after recapitulating that por-
tion of his message of "1834," says:
President Jackson has no where given us his views as to
the particular provisions of thfi federal constitution, bj
which he conceives expenditures of this character to be
authorised. Upon referring to the early proceedings of the
ffovernment, we find that Gencrol Hamilton, while Secreta-
ry of the Treasury, contended that they were warranted by
the authoritv given to Congress to regulate commerce. Mr.
Jefferson, oh the other hand, whilst he depiecdlcd their
liability to extravagance and abuse, assumed that they
could be justified under the power to maintain a navy.
President Jackson hos left the question of constitutionality
in the state m which it was left by his predecessors. No
one, I believe, contends that the President ought ^so far 9s it
depends upon him. to have arrested all appropriations of this
character; nor could it, with any show of propriety, be insist -
ed that he should have given his consent to the extension o
them to objects of a character altogether different from
those which have been promoted by grants frorci the lenerai
treasury, since the commencement of the federal govern-
ment "
That this was the rule which governed
his conduct, is manifested by his giving the
executive sanction to the omnibus bills which were
passed in 1837 and 1838; and he never refused his
approval to any measure of the kind which was
adopted by Congress. The appropriations ceased
in 1839, owing to the extravagant and wild exten-
sion of the system, and the crippled (state of the
treasury, and not from any indisposition oil the part
of Mr. Van Buren to sign and approve any bills
that Congress in its wisdom might pass. Mr. Cam-
breleng, m his report in 1839, to which period is
usually dated back the abandonment of these works,
does not question the constitutionality of the mea-
sure, but censures, as he truly might, the profligacy
and extravagance of the expenditures, and opposes
further appropriations, because the then unexpended
balance of appropriations, which had before been
made, amounted to §977,748 92, besides other bal-
ances in the hands of disbursing officers. 1 he
amount called for at that session was $l,iM,v)tW,
exclusive of these balances. So that it appears the
system was not given up until 1840, when the treas-
ury was in a depressed condition, and there was no
available means possessed by the government to
meet any appropriations that might have been made.
From that period up to the present time, little has
been appropriated to such purposes; but the system
itself may be considered as suspended, and not en-
tirely abandoned. Here, then, we have in our fa-
vor many of the most distinguished leaders of
our party, and the practice of the government
from its organization. The frame™ of the con-
stitution gave to it their sanction, and every Presi-
dent has not only conceded the right, but recom-
mended the exereise of the power. And yet, not-
withstanding this array of authorities, we are grave-
ly told it is anti-democratic and anti-republican.
To those gentlemen from the eastern States who
entertain constitutional scruples on this question, I
would most respectfully appeal, and inquire upon
what principles they can ask western men to vote
for their fishing-bounty bills, and their high pro-
tective tariffs; and how can they themselves consci-
entiously vote for them? Where is your strict con-
struction when such bills are under consideration?
To our straight-laced southern friends, I would ad-
dress myself, and inquire how they can consistently
urge upon us the propriety of annexing Texas to
this Union? Can it be done, without bending the
constitution, and making it more elastic and flexible
than in this debate they have contended foi: Can
they urge any other reason for the annexation than
stern, unbending necessity? Again: how can we
purchase new territory, if we have not the power
of improving the old? If we have the power to
purchase, the right to improve must follow as an in-
cident'. But our eastern friends may say that they
are in favor of, and vote for, a protective tariff, be-
cause it affords protection to the labor and capital
of their citizens. How, then, can they consistently
oppose this bill, which is essentially a bill for the
protection of the lives and property of our citizens?
Are not life and property as valuable as labor and
capital; and are they not as worthy the considera-
tion and attention of the general government? Can
any inducement be stronger? Can any argument be
more forcible?
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
appeared surprised to learn that vessels of the
largest class could pass from Lake Ontario to Lake
Erie, through the Welland canal, since its enlarge-
ment; and lie will, perhaps, be more astonished
when he is informed that the British authorities are
expending vast sums of money on other connecting
ship canals, which will soon be completed, and will
enable vessels of the largest size to sail from Liver-
pool and anchor at the wharves on the lakes. It
might be well for us to glance occasionally at the
splendid and magnificent system of internal im-
provements projected and now in progress of com-
pletion in the Canadian provinces. Works of great
national character and importance are being prose-
cuted with vigor by the colonial authorities and the
home government; and, within a few short years,
nearly nine millions of dollars have been expended
upon them. If war were to break out between the
two nations, they would have a most derided ad-
vantage over us. As this event may happen at no
distant day, it becomes this government to prepare
for it, and no longer to neglect that region which
would be most exposed.
Our lake coast is very extensive. It bounds parts
of the States of Vermont, New York, Pennsylva-
nia, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan, besides
the Territory of Wisconsin. The population of
these States is about seven and a half millions, and
of these two and a half millions are directly inter-
ested in the trade and commerce of the lakes, and
consequently the improvement of the lake harbors.
The exports and imports tlieie during the last year
amounted, in the aggregate, to probably one hun-
dred millions of dollars; and of this, perhaps one-
fifth was of a foreign character. The foreign com-
merce of these lakes is rapidly increasing; and un-
less the same facilities and accommodations are af-
forded to our shipping and to our seafaung men as
are yielded by our neighbors, it will not be long be-
fore the increase will astonish us all. Our eastern
friends would do well to inquire into these facts,
and endeavor to avert the danger which is certainly
impending over this portion of their trade with the
West. They may open their eyes to it when it is
too late to remedy the evil. The most casual ob-
server must be convinced, by the action of the British
e-ovemment, thet it is its determination to secure this
trade; and, as far as in its power lies, to render the
northwestern States tributary to Great Britain. This
design is being daily developed, and is even now,
openly avowed. Its accomplishment will not be very-
difficult, if our government pursues the same course
which has marked its conduct for the last few years
towards the West. Unless our short sighted policy,
is soon changed, England's most sanguine expecta-
tions may shortly be realized. If the trade, the
commerce, the internal wealth, and vast resources
of that section of the Union, are of any value to the
eastern States, they must struggle for it; otherwise
it may be too late to win the prize.
It is asked, where is the money to come from to
cover the expenditures contemplated by this bill? I
ask, whence are you to draw the money to cover
your appropriations for the army, the navy, and
your fortifications? I would draw that which is
necessary to meet these appropriations from the
same place; for they are, in my humble opinion,
precisely on the same footing, ana you can dispense
with the one as well as with the other.
Gentlemen affirm that large amounts have already
been expended upon ourhaibors, without effecting
much good. Those who believe this", are not con-
versant with the facts. It may be that some of the
appropriations have been misapplied, and an ex-
travagant system adopted; but this has been the
case in almost every department of the government,
and does not constitute a valid objection to the pro-
posed appropriations. We hear members daily
complaining of the abuses that exist in the army and
navy expenditures, and in the application of all
moneys appropriated for public purposes. But in-
stead of deserting the objects of these appropria-
tions, it is our duty to ferret out and correct the
evils. If we find, after a fair and full trial, that this
cannot be done, then it is time enough to talk about
giving them up. There cannot be a doubt that a great
portion of the moneys heretofore set apart for the
improvement of the lake harbors has been well applied;
and the most cursory observer must be convinced
of the great and inestimable advantage derived from
it. Much of the extravagance and profligacy then
displayed was owing to the times. The different
States which, at the same time, were expending
mouey on their internal improvements, were more
deeply imbued with this feeling than the general
government. It was not confined to internal im-
provements, but pervaded all classes of men, and
ran through all the different departments of the
State and general governments. Now the fatuity
which had seized upon the minds of men has ceased,
and we have come to our senses; we have more ex-
perience, more knowledge, on the genersd subject
before us, and are better prepared to adopt and carry
out a judicious system. These works are impor-
tant, and ought to be completed and preserved, and
will be within a few short years, if not now; and
economy would induce us to do it quickly," because
a trifling appropriation at the present time, judi-
ciously expended, would obviate the necessity of
spending thousands hereafter. By spiking on a
few planks, or replacing some of the timbers, or
throwing in a few stones, you may preserve a work
of vast utility, which, in its present condition, may,
by one of the lake storms, be entirely destroyed.
And I ask whether it is unreasonable for the West,
after you have expended millions on your seaboard,
to come forward and desire you to devote some
of you means to the protection of her commerce,
and the preservation of the lives and property of her
citizens.
Besides discharging a solemn duty, government
will,, by the bestowment of this small pittance on
the western States, be largely the gainer. By in-
creasing the facilities of communication, and by ren-
dering the navigation of the lakes safe and secure, you
hold out strong inducements to the emigrant to pur-
sue his course westward, and the public lands are
more rapidly brought into market and sold, and the
country settled and improved. The public roads and
highways commenced ill the different western States
whilst they were Territories, enabled government to
-vend vast "quantities of land which otherwise would,
in all human probability, have remained unsold.
Had it not been for the liberal spirit at one time
manifested by the general government towards that
portion of the Union, the western States could not
now boast of their greatness and importance, nor
would you, by your imposts and your duties, have
been able to have drawn from them one-third of
what they now pay into the national treasury. We
have also great cause for complaint in this: that these
public roads and highways, which were supposed to
have been undet taken in good faith, and which in-
duced many a poor confiding emigrant to invest his
