CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
tition of Alfred Edwards & Co., of New York, to-
gether with thft of 110 other citizens of the State of
Kentucky and /Vow York, asking that the Congress
of the United States would grant to the State of Indi-
ana the vacant lands in the Vincennes land district,
Indiana, for the purpose of continuing the Wabash
and Erie canal, from Terre Haute to Evansville, In-
diana: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: Petition of John
Smith and 92 other citizens of Daviess and Martin
counties, Indiana, asking a donation of land to assist
in completing the Wabash and Erie canal to the
Ohio river. Also, the petition of Clement Sapp and
22 other citizens of Daviess county, Indiana, upon
the same subject. Also, the petition of Hugh Al-
len and 3 72 other citizens of Green and Owen coun-
ties, Indiana, upon the same subject.
By Mr. MclLVAINE: Petition of Grudon J.
Leeds and 96 others, citizens of the city of New-
York and vicinity, praying for a repeal of the spirit
ration law of the navy, and for some useful substitute
therefor.
By Mr. TILDEN: Memorial of John Kinsman,
and sundry other citizens of Trumbull county,
Ohio, praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Meadville, Pennsylvania, to Warren, m said
county of Trumbull. Also, the petion of Benjamin
Parker and others, praying for an amendment of
the constitution, so as to make the basis of repre-
sentation uniform throughout the country.
By Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR: Petition of 360
inhabitants of the city ofTroy, praying a remission
of duties upon such railroad iron as shall be im-
ported and laid down upon that portion of the New
York and Albany railroad lying between the city of
Troy and the village of Greenbush: refeired to the
Committee of Ways and Means. Also, the peti-
tion and other papers of Skeeton Fulton, of Troy,
New York, praying a remuneration for damages
i the" " "
ofClaims
sustained in the last war: referred to the Committee
'fey Mr. McCLELLAND: Petition of Henry
Palmer and others, for a change of post route from
Monroe to Ypsilanti, Michigan.
By Mr. FICKLIN: Memorial of Samuel Con-
nelly and 149 other citizens of Edgar county, Illi-
nois, asking a grant of land to complete the national
thoroughfare between the lakes and the Ohio, by the
improvement of the navigation ot the Wabash.
Also, the petition of James Lauterman and others,
60 citizens of Lawrence county, Illinois, upon the
same subject.
By Mr. CROSS: Petition of Charles M. Mc-
Clelland and John V. Gray, praying a confirmation
of certain entries of land in the State ot Arkansas:
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.^
Also, the petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Bronaugh, ot
the District of Columbia, praying relief from lia-
bility on a judgment rendered against her late
husband: referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
By Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of J. D.
Dums and 99 others, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Ripley, in Tippah county, to Foul-
ton, Itawamba county, Mississippi: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. ALMON H. READ: Petition of a great
number of the citizens of Bradford county, praying
for ail alteration in the post routes between Athens
and Rome: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. Also, a petition of citizens
of Asylum, Bradford county, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia: referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
By Mr. McCLERNARD: Petition and proceed-
ings of a large and respectable meeting of the citi-
zens of Wabash county. Also two petitions of the
citizens of Gallatin and White counties, in the State
of Illinois, praying Congress to appropriate a quan-
tity of land in" certain land distiicts m the State of
Illinois and Indiana, for the improvement of the
navigation of the Great Wabash river: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. Also, the petition
of numerous citizens of the counties of Pope and
Massac, praying for the establishment of a post
route between Golconda and Metropolis city, in
the State of Illinois: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 7, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting;, in compliance with law, fifty-two printed
copies of the official army register for 1843, for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. BAGBY presented to the Senate a memorial
from Charles D. Chesterfield, of Tallahassee, Flori-
da, showing, by an enclosed communication to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, that he,
with others, discovered a gross fraud in the survey
on the Peninsula of Florida; also gross dereliction
of duty in the appointment of deputy surveyors;
and that they communicated the facts to the proper
persons (as they thought) for having the abuses
rectified;' that they had failed to institute an
inquiry and rectification of those abuses, knowing
too well that they existed, and consequently inqui-
ry wouldcause exposure. The memorialist pi ays the
adoption of such measures as will cause the frauds
to be rectified, and to prevent their recurrence.
Mr. B. said he knew nothing of the facts or the
individual whose name was signed to the memorial.
He presumed, inasmuch as the territory of Florida
had no delegate in the Senate, that the memorial
was forwarded to liim to be presented the Senate.
On his motion, it was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; and at the same time he expressed a
desire that that committee would investigate the
matter thoroughly.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition from Cyrus
Taber and others, of Penn, Indiana, praying to be
confirmed in their titles to certain Indian reserva-
tions: referred to the Committe on Public Lands.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
George R. Babcock and others, of the city of Buffa-
lo, in'the State of New York, praying an appropri-
ation for the construction of a ship canal to connect
Lakes Huron and Superior: referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Also, presented a petition from Isaac S. Douglass
and others, of Patchogue, New York, praying for a
treduction of the rates of postage: oidered to lie on
the table, the bill for that .puiposc being now before
the Senate.
Mr. MERRICIC said that among the gratifying
evidences of public opinion upon the subject, he
had received, and wished to present to the Senate, a
memorial numerously signed by citizens of Syracuse,
New York, in favor of the bill reported from the
Post Office Committee for reducing the rates of post-
age and restricting the franking privilege; and asking
for its passage, without unreasonable delay: ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
Oswego, New York, numerously signed by citizens
of that place, praying for the passage of the bill now
pending before the Senate, making a grant of land
for the improvement of Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
and to connect the same by a canal. As the bill was
now pending, the memorial was laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Judiciary
Committee was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Lyon & Howard, praying
the balance due them on a contract for constructing
a steam dredging machine, and it was refened to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. 'CHOATE, on leave, introduced a bill grant-
in^ an increase of pension to Gideon Foster; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies one day on the table, viz:
Resolved, That the copy of a resolution adopted by
the mayor and council of the city of Lafayette, on
the 8th of February last, herewith presented; and a
copy of the resolution of the council of municipality
number two of the city of New Oileans, passed on
the 13th of January,"1842, herewith presented, be
referred to the Committee on Commerce; and that
the said committee be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a port of entiy at the
city of Lafayette. .
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a memorial adopted
by the general assembly oi Indiana, askmg for a
grant of land to assist that State in the construction
of the northern end of the Central canal: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Reynell Coates,
Walter R.Johnson, and William B. McMurtrie;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, the bill
authorizing persons to whom reservations of land
have been, or shall be made, under Indian treaties,
to alienate the same in fee.
On motion by Mr. WALKER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of regulating by law the receipt and trans-
mission of foreign letters.
johnson's report.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Woopbridce
on yesterday, was taken up ana read as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate, extra copies of the House document, No.
296,3d session 27th Congress, (Mr. W. C. Johnson's
report.)
Mr. WOODBRIDGE remarked, that the docu-
ment proposed to be printed was one which was au-
thorized to be printed by the last House of Repre-
sentatives, and was distributed to the old members
of the Senate, and laid on the tables of 'both houses
at the commencement of the present session. It was
a document which contained a collection of statis-
tics of the industry and commerce of the country,
and statistics more especially upon the subject of
the national domain. It comprised matter which
threw a great deal of light upon that important sub-
ject. The expense of printing an additional number
of the document, would, if done now, be very small.
Soon after it was laid on the table, (there being some
new senators unsupplied,) he moved to print an extra
number of copies, that they might be also supplied.
He was then admonished by the Chair that, inas-
much as the document was not one properly within
the possession of the Senate, it would be necessary
to submit a formal resolution for that object. He
then promised that, on a more suitable occasion, he
would submit such a resolution. With that view,
considering that the information contained in the
document was of great interest to the people of the
United States, he had prepared the one now under
consideration.
Mr. KING had supposed that it was the inten-
tion of the honorable senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Woodbridge,]—who some time ago presented a
proposition asking the Senate to print a certain
number of copies of the document referred to—in
suffering the consideration of his motion to be de-
layed so long, not to renew that motion. Now he
(Mr. K.) held that document in his hand; and a
more cxti aordinary document, he must be permit-
ted to say, he half never seen emanate from any
committee in either house of Congress. A great
portion of the document was just as useless as any
waste paper which could he found. The report
itself was certainly drawn with some ability; but
what did the collection of useful matter consist of?
Some hundreds of names attached to memorials,
toasts, private letters of individuals, and altogether
the strangest melange that he ever met with in any
public document. It was a document published by
the House of Representatives without an examina-
tion of its contents, and without knowing what they
weie about, before the last Congress had closed,and
just placed on the table of the Senate at the next
session—in March, he believed. The report was
by Wm. CostJohnson, ofMaryland. He admitted
it was drawn with considerable ability; but it was
far from being a useful document, necessary for the
Senate and the country. It would be just as bene-
ficial to put together so many newspapers, indiffer-
ently chosen, whether whig or democratic, and print
them. He could not but express his surprise that the
honorable senator should make such a motion.
Here was one memorial, signed by—whom? By
twelve columns of names. He asked senators
whether they could derive any benefit from looking
over a list of names, comprising ten or twelve pages
of this report, to see whether the memorial was
worthy of consideration. The report went as far
back as 1837, and contained various letters from
different officers of the government—among the
rest, letters from Adams and Rush.
The CHAIR here interrupted the senator from
Alabama, and remarked, that upon an examination
of the rule, he was satisfied that the resolution must
be referred to the Committee on Printing. The
proposition could not then be property entertained.
Mr. KING remarked, that if such was the case,
he would not detain the Senate by any further re-
mark. He did not, however, think that the rule
imperatively required that propositions to print
should go to the Committee on Printing. He ex-
pressed the hope, however, as it was decided that
the proposition should go before that committee, and
conseauently the document, that that committee
would*examine the matter it contained, and make a
report in writing, showing m what manner it was
important that toasts and lists of names appended to
