April, 1844.
APPENDIX .TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
369
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate.
produce one hundred millions of similar articles:
now, in order to raise three millions of tax, it is
levied upon the fifty millions of imports, raising the
price to the consumer of fifty-three millions; then, by
the force of competition m trade, the two-thirds
manufactured go up in a like ratio to one hundred
and six millions; so that when you are restoring
this fund, you are voting, by this corrupt and indi-
rect means, about six millions into the pockets of
your political allies, and filching it from the pockets
of those people you profess to love so dearly.
But again, sir, (for I can only touch the points
briefly,) where does this fund distributed go? Does
it go to the people, who always have to foot the bill
in these cases? Oh ! no, sir; the dear people must
be caressed and deceived, but not made directly ben-
eficiaries in this fund. It goes to the States, to
stimulate wild excesses in legislation, a spirit of
squandering upon favorites, under the gaudy cogno-
men of magnificent systems of improvement, gen-
erating in the land idlers, defaulters, and speculators,
and then wind up the last act in the drama by a gen-
eral wiping out of all liabilities by a whig bankrupt
law. This is the legitimate progress of your bant-
ling.
But this grand scheme, by way of rendering the
obnoxious dose palatable, is represented as a great
measure of relief to the States, in assisting them to
pay off their heavy and accumulating debts. Now
strip this proposition of its poetry, and what does it
amount to? Simply to this: that, the States which,
under democratic administrations, have managed
their affairs frugally and economically, and kept out
of debt, must be indirectly taxed, to pay the debts of
those States which, from past improvidence, have
become involved in enormous debts: in short, to
tax the frugal man to pay the debts of the spend-
thrift. These are some of the fruits of the plan.
But the great whig policy, which lies at the found-
ation of this scheme, is its tendency to destroy the
independent character of the States, and promote the
odious doctrine of centralization. Sir, whenever
they can induce the free, sovereign and independent
States of this confederacy to look for alms at the
footstool of federal power, and the people to look
to this hall for the means of supporting their gov-
ernments at home, they will have done more to pro-
mote the doctrine of consolidation by that single act,
than they could ever accomplish by fair and open
means. And this is the policy that lies at the found-
ation of the scheme of distribution.
But I have sufficiently trespassed, Mr. Chairman,
upon the indulgence of the committee, in discussing
questions foreign to the subject of debate; and as an
apology for this much, I tender the fact, that, in this
departure, I but followed the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I now propose to do what the gentleman
did not—return to the merits of the bill we are now
discussing. And what is the immediate question of
debate before this committee? It is, sir, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hooe] to
increase the appropriation to the great com-
mercial arteries of the West, from §180,000 re-
poi'ted in the bill, to §223,000, for the purpose of
clearing the Mississippi and her tributaries from
obstructions to winch they are peculiarly subject-
ed. The great object of the bill in lessening the
dangers of the navigation of the Mississippi
should rather dissipate than excite political animosi-
ties. Whig and democrat, I had hoped, would
harmonize for once, and act together without recur-
rence to the measures or the prejudices of political
parties. I deprecated and deeply regret the aspect
which the debate has unavoidably assumed, after
the intemperate remarks of the gentleman over the
way. I regretted it, because I feared such a plan of
discussion would hazard the safety of the bill. And
now, sir, I would en treat the House to come back to
the question, and seriously and deliberately contem-
plate its importance. The great stream which flows
through the valley of the Mississippi has its source
amongst the frozen regions of the north, and its ter-
mination on the borders of the torrid zone. Its tribu-
taries are from the Alleghanies on the east, and the
Rocky mountains of the west. This great stream,
flowing, as it does, through a country which, but
fifty years ago, was one vast, interminable wilder-
ness, now bears upon it? ample bosom a commerce
of the teeming agricultual productions of the West,
exceeding in value the aggregate importations of all
the States of the Union. But, sir, in consequence of
the nature of the soil, and the ever-changing current
of the mighty volume of the Mississippi, and other
peculiarities to the navigation of that river, which it
s unnecessary to detail, obstructions to the safe mid
(?A)
speedy transit of persons and property are found;
for the removal of which we have a superior and in-
disputable claim, in appropriation from the public
treasury. From the internal importance of the Mis-
sissippi and its commerce, its improvement demands
at least its proportion .of the trifling appropriation as
increased by the amendment proposed. Justice—
fair and equal justice, and scarcely that—is all that
we demand for the Mississippi, in the appropriations
from the federal treasury. We have depended upon
the ultimate justice and liberality of the government,
to the support of which the people of the West so
largely contribute, until we have despaired of its
generosity, and now demand at least our just claim
upon the resources of the nation.
I entreat gentlemen to lay aside their party predi-
lections, and permit the committee and the House to
act upon this bill with the unanimity and prompti-
tude which the case so pre-eminently requires. The
immediate friends of the measure had anticipated
that the justice and propriety of these appropriations
were so apparent that there would be no necessity
for debate; but, sir, we have been driven into tins
defence by insidious attacks, not upon the merits of
the appropriations pioposed, but attacks which are
the harder to meet because wholly foreign to the
subject, yet directly tending to such a division of
the House as might defeat our expectations en-
tirely. I will not detain the committee by picturing
the perils of the navigation. Their melancholy his-
tory is too well known. You can scarcely open a
western paper without meeting the announcement
of some new calamity. They are of almost daily
occurrence. When are they to cease, by the remo-
val of the causes? When are the people to look for
greater security of persons and property? When
this House learns to do justice to the West; and I
will not yet despair that the time is now at hand.
SPEECH OF MR. COLQUITT,
OF GEORGIA.
In the Senate of the United States, April 10, 1844—
In reply to Mr. Berrien, on the tariff.
Mr. President: After the courtesy extended to my
colleague by the honorable senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Choate,] by yielding him the floor on
yesterday, I deem it necessary that I should say, in
justification of myself, that it was from no desire to
take advantage of that politeness, that prompted me
to seek precedence of him in the debate. After the
very extraordinary speech, made by Georgia's distin-
guished senator, I felt it my duty to make an early
reply; and I sought and obtained the floor immedi-
ately, that my colleague might have due notice of
my intention. I trust, therefore, that the senator
from Massachusetts will perceive the propriety of
my action, in delaying him one day from address-
ing the Senate. I must express my regret that, not-
withstanding the notice I then gave of my determi-
nation to reply to-day, some indispensable arrange-
ment has rendered the gentleman's absence necessa-
ry. I would have preferred his being present, that
he might have explained his position, for it certain-
ly needs it. If he had been present I should have
attempted to have made chase after him in his rotato-
ry movements, around the varied spokes of the po-
litical wheel; but, in his absence, will deal with him
as lightly as justice to the subject under discussion,
and a proper representation of the people of Geor-
gia, will permit. In discussing the merits of the
question involved in the debate before the Senate, I
can promise but little else than to repeat the oft
told sentiments of the people of my own State, pro-
claimed through the press by public meetings, and
by legislative resolves. It is true, sir, as you but
yesterday witnessed, that recent political associa-
tions have constituted some of her once able advo-
cates the msieZious defenders of a system they have
a thousand times publicly denounced. Clinging still
to the altar of the constitution—having formed no
party alliance, and being resolved to form none
which has or will render it necessary for me to turn
traitor to that sacred instrument, and disregard the
interests of the people of Georgia—I feel it a duty
from which I will not shrink, to review the senti-
ments of her patriot statesmen, once heard with
respect on this floor, and hailed by every citizen of
the South with heartiest approbation. President-
making is destroying the virtue of our statesmen,
and corrupting the source of political power. If
party proposes nothing but a mere scuffle for office, I,
for one, avoid the contest. If political science holds"
out no higher vocation to its votaries than le%erde 
ttiain and humbuggery—making government the le-
gitimate prey of treachery and deceit—I reprobate the
calling Men of age, experience, and of acknow-
ledged information, may apostatize from great funda-
mental doctrines, and feel proud of their capacity to
sway the crowd by their skill. But the eternal
principles of truth and justice change not; the forift of
our government, and the rights of the people of the
States are to-day what they were twelve years ago.
The constitution remains unaltered; its mode of
construction the same; and though I stand alone, I
place myself on the same platform on which the
senators of my State so long and proudly stood, de-
fending its outposts, and contending for the rights
of an injured people.
The strong language of successive legislatures, as
embodied in their resolutions, adopted without dis-
tinction of party, has been filed away in the ar-
chives of this body, to be preserved as perpetual
testimony of Georgia's uncompromising hostility to
the principles of a protective tariff.
I will not so far trespass upon the time of the
Senate as to read the arguments and resolves of the
several legislatures for a succession of years, but
will content myself to bring to your notice (as it is
brief) the protest adopted in 1828, and presented to
this body on the 12th day of January, 1829. It
reads thus:
From a painful conviction that a manifestation of the
public sentiment, in the most imposing and impressive form,
is called for by the present agitated state of the southern
section ol the Union, the general assembly of the State of
Georgia have deemed it their duty to adopt the novel 'expe-
dient of addressing, in the name of the State, the Senate of
the Congress of the United States.
In her sovereign character, the State of Georgia protests
against the act of the last session of Congress entitled "ail
act m alteration of the several acts imposing duties on im-
ports,'5 as deceptive m its title; fraudulent in its pretexes;
oppressive in its exactions; partial and unjust in its opera-
tions; unconstitutional in its well-known objects; ruinous to
commerce and agriculture—to secure a hateful monopoly to
a combination of importunate manufacturers.
Demanding the repeal of an act which has already dis-
turbed the Union, endangered the public tranquillity, weak-
ened the confidence of whole States in the federal govern-
ment, and diminished the affection of large masses of the
people to the Union itself, and the abandonment of the de-
grading system which considers the people as incapable of
wisely directing their own enterprise; which sets up the
servants of the people, in Congress, as the exclusive judges
of what pursuits are most advantageous d su "table iur
those by whom they were elected; the State of G orgia ex,
pects that, in pexpetual testimony thereof, tnw solemn and
deliberate expression of her opinion will be carefully pre-
served among the archives of the Senate; and in justifica-
tion of her character to the present generation and to pos-
terity, if, unfortunately, Congress, disregarding this protest,
and continuing to pervert powers granted for clearly de-
fined and well understood purposes, to effectuate objects
ne\er intended by the great parties by whom the constitu-
tion was framed, to be intrusted to the controlling guardian-
ship of the federal government, should render necessary
measures of a decisive character for the protection of the
people of the State, and the vindication of the constitution of
the United States,
IRBY HUDSON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
THOMAS STOCKS,
President of the Senate.
John Forsyth, Governor.
Sir, this protest was adopted with unanimity by
the legislature; and when submitted to the Senate
was fully endorsed by Georgia's "distinguished setup-
tor"—the "willing champion of her rights"—who
addressed you on yesterday. Hear how he spoke
on the 12th day of January, 1829, when this protest
was presented to the Senate. Mr. BaREiEN-said:
That the annunciation made fiorn the Chair imposed a du-
ty on his colleague and himself which, with his assent, he
would perform, by giving a direction, with the sanction of
the Senate, to the document which had been just announced.
Iam not willing, sir, (said Mr. B.) to see an act so grave
and interesting m its character pass aw ay with those mexe
every-day events which are forgotten almost in the instant
of theii occurrence. In order, therefore, that it may be dis-
tinctly presented to the notic# of the Senate, before I sub-
mit the motion which it calls for, I will state its purport,
and avail mj self of the occasion to make a very brief re-
mark.
That document, sir, of which an official copy has been
transmitted to my colleague and myself, is the protest of the
State of Georgia, made through her constitutional organs,
to this assembly of the representatives of States, against the
"act in alteration of the several acts laying duties on im-
ports," passed at the late session of the Congress of the
United States. In her sovereign charactcr, as one of the
original members of this confederacy by whom this govern-
ment was called into existence, that State protests against
this act on the se\ eral giounds which are specifically set
forth in that instrument, which is attested by the signatures
of her legislative and executive functionaries, and authenti-
cated under her public seal.
It is now delivered to this department of the government,
to be deposited in its archives, in perpetuam rti jnemorCam,
to serve whenever the occasion may require it, as an au-
thentic testimony of the solemn dissent of one of the so% er-
eign States of this Union from the act therein protested
as an infraction of the constitutional compact by
