370
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBtL
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate.
which she is united to the other members of this confed-
ei?t ?8 difficult, sir, to repress—it is, perhaps, still more dif-
ficult appropriately to express—the feelings which belong to
such an occasion as the present. 1 have been educated m
sentiments of reverence for our federal Union, and through
life I have habitually cherished these sentiments. As an
individual citizen, therefore, it is painful to Tecur to that
disastrous policy which has imposed on the State in which
1 live the stern necessity of assuming this relation to the
government of this confederacy
A<? one of the representatives on this floor, of that State
whose citizens have always been forward to manifest a pro-
found and devoted attachment to this Union—of a patriotic
and gallant people who would freely yield their treasure,
and unsparingly shed their Wood in its defence,—the occasion
is one of deep and unmingled humiliation, which demands
the deposite, in the registry of the Senate, of this record of
their wrongs. There may be those, sir, who will look to
this act with indifference, perhaps with levity; who will
consider it as the result of momentary excitement, orthink
they see in it merely the effusion of impassioned, but
evanescent feeling I implore those gentlemen not to deceive
themselves on a subject in relation to which error may be
alike dangerous to us all.
Forty years of successful experiment have proved the
efficiency of this government to sustain us in an honorable
intercourse with the other nations of the world. Exter-
nally, in peace, and in war, amid the fluctuations of com-
merce, and the strife of arms, it has protected our inter-
course and defended our rights. One trial, one fearful trial,
yet remains to be made. It is one under the apprehension
of which trie bravest may tremble—which the wise and the
t^ood will anxiously endeavor to avoid. It is that experi-
ment which shall test the competency of this government to
jneserveoui internal peace, whenever a question vitally uf-
fp^tm^the bond which unites us as one people shall come
to be solemnly agitated between the sovereign members of
tins confederacy. In proportion to its dangers, should be
our solicitude to avoid it by abstaining, on the one hand,
from acts of doubtful legislation-, as well as by the manner
of resistance, on the other, to those which are deemed uncon-
stitutional. Between the independent members of this con-
federacy, sir, there can be no common.arbiter. Theyaie
necessarily remitted to their own sovereign will, deliber-
ately expressed, in the exercise of those reserved rights of
sovrroigntj, the delegation of which would have been an
act of political suicide. The designation of such an arbiter,
i-ir, was. by the force of invincible necessity, casus ojmssvs
among the provisions of a constitution conferring limited
powers, the interpretation of which was to be confided to
the subordinate agents, created by those who were intrust-
ed to administer it.
T earnestly hope that the wise and conciliatory spirit of
this government, and of those of the several States, will
postpone, to a period far distant, the day which will sum-
mon us to so fearful a trial. If we are indeed doomed to en-
counter it, i as earnestly hope that it may be entered upon
in the spirit of peace, and with cherished recollections of
lornier amitv. But the occasion which shall impel the sov-
ereign people of even one of the members of the confeder<tcy
to resolve that they are not bound by its acts, is one to
which no patriot can look with levity, nor yet with indif-
ference, Whatever men and freemen may do to avert it,
the people of Georgia will do. Deeply as they feel the
wrongs which they suffer, they will yet bear and forbear.
Though their complaints have been hitherto disregarded,
and their remonstiances have been heretofore set at nought,
they will look with confidence to the returning justice of
this government. I fulfil my duty, sir, on this occasion,
with a cherished reliance on that justice, with a deep and
abiding conviction of the patriotism and forbearance of that
people by whom it is demanded, with an humble but un-
wavering trust in the mercy of Heaven.
These remarks were made by my colleague in
this chamber when the protest I have read was pre-
sented to the Senate. He then spoke like a Geor-
gian; he spoke then in defence of her constitutional
lights; and in that speech he atoned for some of the
obliquities of his earlier political history. It was a
"bright page" in the record of his life; and sorry 1
am, that his present party position has forced him
to sully its lustre. The tarilf act of 1828 had just
been passed; there had not been time to test it for
good or evil; but he did not then claim a continu-
ance; he did not then say, as he said yesterday,
tlwt "the interests of eighteen millions of people are
confided to our care. We should not put them to
the hazard of \ain and transient experiments. That
a year's experience will show us the defects of the
existing system of revenue, if it be defective, and
will guide us in the application of the remedy." He
did not then say, as he said yesterday, "~We have
all much to learn and unlearn upon this subject;
and when we shall have passed away, many prob-
lems connected with it will yet remain to be solved,
by those who come after us." No, sir; there was
then no special pleading; the constitutional rights of
the people of Georgia were violated, and he came
forward, like a southern senator, asked for no delay,
but urged an immediate repeat of a law which had
jrst been passed by Congress. Every argument he
offered on yesterday, to delay a modification of the
larifF of 1842, might with equal propriety have been
urged by him for a trial of the law of 1828. Com-
merce was then activc; the revenue was large; the
treasury overflowing; the public debt incurred
during the war was melting away; and the coun-
try was much more prosperous than at present. He
stood up boldly- for the rights of the people of
Georgia; he understood the question; he was ready
for trial; and warned others that prompt resistance
was not the "effusion of impassioned, but evanes-
cent feeling." What has produced this wonderful
change? Are the party crucibles of whigery so
powerful that a man can be made to forget all heever
knew, and, in order to be a good member, even in
old age, be made to publish his utter disregard for
consistency and honor? My_ honorable colleague
quoted poetry and Latin in his .speech; and I may
be permitted to make a quotation from Peter Pindar.
"Now rotten wood, according to my nouse,
Is bad material to support a house."
My colleague says, he "thought the tariff of 1842
■was liable to objections at the time of its passage."
He says: "I believe that some of the duties were too
high; that some articles were subjected to duty
which ought to have been left free, and that some
were left free which ought to have been subjected
to duty." This admits the bill of 1842 to be very
objectionable; and yet policy requires it to be left
until a more propitious season." Can a modification
of the tariff interfere with our foreign relations? Can
there be any better moment than the present, to
lessen the taxes upon the people? If the bill be ob-
objectionable, (as he admits it to be,) ought not its
objectionable features to be instantly corrected?
Sir, there never was, nor can there be, a more
propitious time than now, for modifying the tariff, if
southern senators would stand firm to the South.
But the South is to be sacrificed upon the shrine of
party. Southern whig senators, who voted against the
bill of 1842, know, if they will now vote for its mod-
ification, that it can be effected; and yet they resolve
upon its postponement. The propitious time for
correcting an evil, is the time when it can be effected;
and the excuse made for not acting—the probability
that it will be again altered after the next presidential
election—is poor and contemptible. We are told that
the political contest now going on will determine the
future policy of the government! That the election
of President will have settled the question by the
decision of the American people, whether they are
for or against the protective policy! But will the
people of Georgia act understanding^, when you
are only pleading for a postponement'—when you
say, let us wait for a more propitious time? After
the election we will investigate the subject! While
you are making these declarations to prevent the
people from believing that, by electing Mr. Clay,
they arc deciding in favor of a protective tariff,
you are preparing to announce his election as a
final settlement of the question. My colleague says,
Pause—put it off; the time is not propitious; the
present law is objectionable; I will not discuss pro-
tection; after the election I will consider it: and yet
says, "victors or vanquished, it will behoove all of
us to bow to the decision of the American people.
But, until then, no great question on which the two
parties divide, can be settled on a permanent basis!"
He makes no decision himself; does not desire it
understood that the whigs are fnr a protective tar-
iff; and yet the election will settle permanently this
question. I abhor duplicity in pol,tics or religion.
"Of all the cant in this poor canting world, the eant
of hypocrisy is the most detestable." He professes
not to discuss protection, and yet makes a strong
argument in favor of both its constitutionality and
expediency. No matter what decision the public
may make upon the great issues which divide the
two parties of the country, no deception should be
practised upon the people; that their action may be
based upon a proper understanding of the questions
and interests involved. Most of the whig senators
who have discussed this question, have, in an open,
manly manner, admitted that the act of 1842 was a
bill passed for protection; that they advocated it be-
cause of its ample recognition of the protective prin-
ciple; that it is a favorite whig measure, to which
all other measures are subordinate and of secondary
importance. This is fair, and places the issue be-
tween the parties, upon this subject, to be deter-
mined by the American people,—the tariff act of
1842, with its high duties and avowed principles of
protection on the one side; and the advocates of low
duties nnd an equal system of taxation on the other.
For ten or twelve years this important subject has
claimed but a small share of public attention. It
was then understood, and excited the whole country.
The voice of remonstrance was then heard to issue
from various sections of the Union, unheeded by
Congress, until this government was convulsed to
its centre and threatened with ruin. Then, and not
till then, the leading advocates of the American sys-
tem cainc forward in 1833 with the compromise act,
held it up as the olive branch of peace, and asked
their oppressed and complaining fellow-citizens to
bear their burdens gradually diminishing for nine
years, when they should be entirely released. Con-
tent to suffer wrong for a season, sooner than mar
for a moment the harmony of the country, the offer-
ing was accepted. The murmurings of discontent
were hushed; the husbandman borne down with
years, and wearied with sending up his remonstran-
ces for redress, agreed to wear his chain without re-
sistance, anticipating the freedom of his child.
Tranquillity was restored; and, so confidently did the
people of Georgia rely upon the plighted faith of
the government, that the subject was scarcely agi-
tated; inflicted wrongs were forgiven, and well-nigh
forgotten. Time wore away; the year 1842 arrived—
the promised period for the termination of the pro-
tective policy; when, instead of observing the
principles of the compromise, new fetters are
forged, and we are once more to be persuaded,
or forced, into tame and unqualified submission.
Yes, sir, we are now told that the compromise
act is not binding—that one legislature has no
power to bind another; and that the Union
itself may dissolve, sooner than the system shall be
abandoned. This is strong language to fall upon
the ears of one who feels the in justice of this scheme
of oppression, and yet whose heart's best affections
cluster around his country's institutions. The in-
jured and oppressed may be justified in speaking
the strong language of defiance to acts of tyranny;
but it is unkind, it is insulting, for those who gather
the spoils of fraud to boast their determination to
perpetuate the iniquity, or inflict upon the. country
still greater ills. When the act of 1833 was pre-
sented, and accepted as a compromise of the inflict-
ing interests which produced it, we knew that the
Congress had no power to compel any subsequent
Congress to abide its legislation. But we did be-
lieve, and had a right to believe, that every lover of
his country, every lover of its peace and harmony,
every lover of equality and justice, and every ad-
mirer of integrity and honor, would freely sacrifice
upon the peaceful altar, and seek to make permanent
its pillars. The democratic party were in power
during almost the entire period in which these di-
minishing burdens were to be borne by the country.
They would have abolished the system" altogether,
years before the period designated for its termination;
but they had scrupulous regard to national honor;
and, 'bough not compelled, felt it a duty due the coun-
try, to cai'ry out its plighted faith. Unfortunately
for the government, unfortunately for the interest of
those who had submitted to suffer wrong for nine
years wifh the hope of redress,—an unparalleled
paroxysm of excitement, based on no political issue,
changed the administration. Soon after the reins
of government had been seized by the whigs, they,
in reckless violation of public faith, revived the odi-
ous system of the tariff, at a time when the whole
country considered it settled; and notwithstanding
they had, during the canvass that brought them in-
to power, declared that it should not be interrupted;
justifying the deed by the heartless declaration, "we
are not bound by the acts of a prior Congress."
Promises had been made to the people, and this act
of 1842 was brought forward. Then, as a "measure of
relief'' it was puffed by the Committee on Manu-
factures of the House of Representatives, as the
only thing that could relieve—as the "sovereign balm
for every wound." Senator's here during this debate
have published the same thing, and hold up the
tariff of 1842 as having already produced great good;
and, by its continuance, predict that all wrongs will
be rectified. Every thing is staked upon the tariff—the
success of the party, the success of the country, and
the continuance of the Union. Fearless of the re-
sult, I enter the lists in behalf of the injured, and
will aid in exposing the artifice of those who a;c
wicked, and in recalling these who ha\e been de-
ceived.
The levying a duty upon impoi ts, is the approved
method, in this government, of collecting a tax for lto
support. The first question which naturally pre-
sents itself for consideration, is, for what purposes
are taxes required? Why does this government
impose a tax upon its citizens? The answer to this
question, as every statesman in every government
mus* answer it, will, of itself, settle this controversy,
and show the absurdity oflevying a tax to build up
manufactures. The constitution defines the pur-
poses for which taxes may be imposed, and requires
uniformity and equality in their assessment. You
may impose a tax to raise revenue for the support
of government. That power is granted; it is a nec«s-
