April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate.
sary power; but if you impose it for a different pur-
pose, though sufficient revenue may be raised under
it, you pervert and violate the constitution.
The taxing power, it is contended, is unlimited in
Congress; and my colleague says, "The power to
impose taxes, ex li termini, implies the right to de-
termine what articles shall be taxed, what shall be
free, and tchut shall be the rale of taxation; or, in
other words, to discriminate." I will presently show
the opinion of the senator upon this subject in 1831.
I insist that the power of taxation is limited by the
constitution to the wants of the government, econom-
ically administered. The power of taxation is the
most searching and severe that can be trusted to the
exercise of any government. It cannot be watched
with a scrutiny too strict, nor circumscribed by lim-
its too narrow, within the legitimate wants of the
government. This power has been more abused,
and has created more excitements and revolutions,
than probably any other intrusted to legislators.
The very claim of the power to unlimited taxation—
of the power to bind the colonies in all cases what-
ever—tore these States (then colonies) from the em-
brace of the mother country, and urged them to war,
conquest, and independence. There is a limit to
the rate of taxation, besides the mere will of the le-
gislator. The limit is revenue for the support of
government. Taxes cannot be levied for any other
purpose. A tax imposed for revenue and for pro-
tection enlarges the granted power, which is gianted
for revenue only. This difficulty is so obvious that
an attempt is made to evade it, by saying the tax is
imposed for revenue, and for incidental protection.
This does not change anything but the mere name;
for there can be no difference, except in terms,
whether the tax be levied for protection, or for inci-
dental protection. The power of levying a tax for
either is not granted. No matter what tax you levy
upon imports, there are certain results which fol-
low, incidental to such tax. The one incident, which
follows from necessity, is that it increases the price
of the imported goods which are taxed; and another
incident is, that home manufacturers are benefited.
These are incidents; and are legitimate, because in-
evitable. But to levy a tax for the purpose of pro-
ducing the incident, is not legitimate because the in-
cidents are not necessary for the support of govern-
ment, and the power has not been granted to laise a
tax in order to increase the price of goods, or to
benefit manufacturers. Whenever a tax is imposed
fbr protection, or for incidental protection—it being
a mere change of name—it is a substantive and dis-
tinct power. The incident becomes the principle;
the shadow becomes the substance. This would be
quite clear, if no revenue was wanted, and the duty
was imposed for the sake of what is called the inci-
dent. But as revenue is wanted, and you impose a
tax to raise it, if you make the incident the object of
the levy, you add to and enlarge the granted power,
which Congress has no authority from the constitu-
tion to do; so that the levying a duty upon imports,
and discriminating for the purpose of benefiting
manufacturers, is not constitutional. But my col-
league argues that the senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Mc'Duffie] yields the power to discriminate
for protection, when he admits the power to discrim-
inate between luxuries and necessaries. He admits
the motive good, but says such a discrimination
would not be for revenue, but for charity—for the
relief of the poor. I grant, if the tax was levied for
charity, the conclusion would be just; but 1 appre-
hend a moment's reflection will satisfy the Senate
that the error consists in mistaking the object of the
disci imination, between articles consumed by the
wealthy, and those used by the poor.
No system of duty upon imports can deal impar-
tial justice to the poor, for the reason that a pool-
family is compelled to consume nearly as much as
a wealthy one. The object, then, of the discrimina-
tion, is not charity; but, so far as such a system will
permit, to equalize the tax. The revenue tax should
be collected equitably from the citizens; and surely
a discrimination, so that the wealthy pay something
more than the indigent, cannot be construed to be
a tax for anything more than revenue. The poor
would not lose anything if the tax with or without
such discriminations were discontinued; but would
be gainers by it. The discrimination for protection,
upon the other hand, is a benefit to the manufac-
turer, not a tax upon him; and if the duty be taken
off altogether, he is the loser. So that high taxes,
when raised from imports, is really a great blessing
to manufacturers, and a curse to every body else.
The power to levy a tax to raise revenue for the
support of government is constitutional; and the
power to equalize the burden of taxation is not only
granted, but required; «o that discriminations for
that purpose are strictly legitimate. The constitu-
tional requirement that taxes shall be uniform, im-
poses upon Congress the necessity of so levying the
duty upon imports, that it bear, as near as can be,
equally upon the different sections of the Union;
and if they refuse so to levy it, they violate the
spirit and intention of the constitution. In examin-
ing the inequality and injustice of the tariff law of
1842, in its operations upon the different States in
the Union, I shall controvert the correctness of the
impression made by my colleague's argument, when
he says: "I know that any tax, whicli the govern-
ment can impose, ill so far as it operates upon con-
sumption, can only compel the southern planter to
share in the burden which all consumers have to
bear." During the existence of the confederation,
before the adoption of the constitution, the States
imposed their own taxes; raising their due pro-
portions of public revenue in such manner as
they in their wisdom believed would be least bur-
densome to their citizens respectively; When the
delegates from the States assembled to form a more
perfect bond of union, what was the evil they found
to exist upon the subject of taxation? and what was
the remedy adopted by them? Some of the States,
I believe, had already failed to furnish their quota
of revenue; and the possibility of frequent failures,
which might destroy their union, was the evil to be
remedied. The States and the State governments
were then in existence, and their own legislatures
could alone impose and collect taxes. The evil was
not the paying by States, but the failure to pay.
The remedy to provide against this mishap was to
confer a power to tax upon the general government,
enabling Congress thereby to raise funds to keep ihe
machine in operation. This being the evil ana the
remedy, every tax law passed by Congress should
have 6trict regai d to the federative character of the
government. We should look upon it as a confed-
eration of sovereign Suites, from each of which
States we are entitled to an equitable share of public
revenue. By thus looking at the true parties to
the constitution, the idea of so imposing a tax by
this government as to protect or encourage the
wealth or industry of a particular State, would be
forever excluded. While these States existed un-
der the articles of confederation, who would have
dared propose that the agricultural and commercial
States should supply a sufficient amount by taxa-
tion to build up d manufactory in the State of Rhode
Island? Would such a proposition have been enter-
tained for a single moment? No, sir; nor could the
ingenuity or eloquence of the most distinguished
advocate of the "American system" have satisfied
one man that such a burden was, indeed, no burden
at all. The States are now distinct political commu-
nities, united for general purposes, and should pay
only equitable parts of the requisite revenue. Test
the tariff of 1842 by this rule, and its gross injustice
will be manifest to the most inconsideiate observer.
In order to do this, suppose each State in the Union
called on, as formerly, to send up its equal share of
revenue upon any given principle. Having the
right to impose duties, suppose that the legislature
of each of the States should adopt the bill of 1842:
what would be the result? Every manufacturing
State would fail to raise any revenue from such arti-
cles as they now seek to have protected, and which
they make for export; while such States as are
engaged in agriculture and commerce would raise
revenue upon every article now subject to duty. The
States engaged in manufacturing wool, cotton, hemp,
iron, glass, salt, &c., would be exempt, as States,
from the smart of such tax, while the State of
Georgia would be paying a tax upon them all.
Would a tax imposed by the States of Massachu-
setts and Rhode Island, such as is imposed by the
act of 1842, serve them any valuable purpose in
raising revenue11 Jn their separate character as
States, such a law, enacted by their State legisla-
tures, would not only raise no revenue upon such
goods as they export, but would be of no service
for protection. It would be quite as useless and un-
necessary as for the State of Georgia to impose a
duty on imported raw cotton, Virginia upon tobacco,
or South Carolina upon her staples. The inequali-
ty of this system would be abundantly apparent if
the revenue was raised by States, under the opera-
tion of the tariff of 1842. The effects of its opera-
tions are not rendered more equal because it has
been imposed by this government. And will the
people of the South—the citizens of Georgia—fail
to see that it doc-s not bear equally upon all? Will
they not see the injustice and oppression of the sys-
tem? By this test, those engaged in agriculture and
other pursuits in the manufacturing States will see
its unequal operations upon them, compared with its
partiality to manufacturers. If the State of Penn-
sylvania, by her legislature, imposed the tariff of
1842 for the purpose of raising revenue and protec-
tion, all other classes except manufacturers would
rebel. Its inequality and injustice in its operations
upon them, is just as palpable when imposed by Con-
gress as if imposed by their legislature. - Why,
then, do they bear it now? Because they get some
little equivalent for the injustice they suffer; while
the citizens of those States not engaged in manufac-
turing get nothing. To my mind, therefore, it is
clear that the tariff act of 1842 is unconstitutional,
because it was passed for protection; and unconsti-
tutional because it does not operate equally upon
the different occupations, nor equally upon the dif-
ferent sections, of the Union. Some of the senators
who have argued this question contend for the con-
stitutional power ,to protect manufacturers under the
power given to regulate commerce. . What does
"repilate commerce" mean? I suppose it means to
make rules for its management. Regulate cannot
mean to cripple, to fetter, to destroy; and yet it may
mean either, or all, if it is to be controlled
for the benefit of manufacturers. To regulate
commerce for the protection of manufactures!
This is worse—reads worse—sounds worse—-
and is actually a more iatitudinous construction of
the constitution, than to levy a tax for protection;
for raising a tax, by duties on imports, for revenue
only, must of necessity benefit the home manufac-
tories, while their profit is not even an incident to
regulating commerce. By the same process of rea-
soning, you might declare war for the purpose of
regulating commerce, since that would operate to
restrict it; and, with equal propriety, declare war to
give incidental protection to manufacturers, because
the protection to their establishments would be a
necessary incident to war. No jurist, in the con-
struction of a written instrument which contains
specifications, would so amalgamate them as to give
none a specific effect. The States, by the constitu-
tion, grant to Congress the exercise of certain speci-
fied powers; and, instead of giving the specified
powers separate and specific effect, which was all
that could render specifications necessary, you tax
in order to give incidental protection, to manufactures
—you regulate commerce ill order to protect manu-
factures. The tariff law of 1842 is a law passed
for the protection of domestic manufactures. It
necessarily claims the right for Congress to exercise
this distinct substantive power. The crippling com-
merce is the mere incident to the mode by which
manufactures are protected, for the law was not
passed on purpose to effect that object; or, in other
words, commerce would not be fettered if manufac-
tures could be protected without.
I now ask your attention a moment to what is in-
cluded necessarily in the exercise of the power to
protect manufactures by Congress. It places Con-
gress above the constitution, without any control
but its own discretion; it disregards the character
and rights of the States, and claims the right to
have the absolute control of the citizens and then-
property. Those who say that Congress should
protect manufactures, can find no such grant in the
constitution. Consequently, it furnishes no rule
for their government but their own discretion.
This constitutes despotism of the most dangerous
kind. Congress restrained by no fixed rule of right
and wrong, no standard, no constitution, by which
to regulate their legislation, but make right and
wrong as they will! Sir, this discretion may never
be very wantonly abused, but it lays full claim to
the principle of despotism. The only safety for
the people of the United States, is not to trust the
discretion of any man, or any set of men. Des-
potism is much more dangerously acted out when
exercised by the majority over the minority, than
when exercised by a single tyrant. The rights ot
the States are wholly disregarded when Congress
assumes the right to protect manufactures. Where
are these manufactures located: In the States.
Their protection belongs exclusively to State juris-
diction. If trespasses are committed upon them,
their redress is in their State courts. The assump-
tion of power, upon the part of Congress, to build
them up, constitutes this a consolidated govern-
ment, abrogating State rights and State jurisdiction-
My colleague says "the interests of eighteen mil-
lions of people are confided to our care." Surely
h® docs not wish to convey the idea that Otis is %
