372
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
The Tariff—Mr. Colquitt.  
April, 1844.
Senate.
'' [t a il nationand that Congress has the care of all
the diversified interests and persons in the different
States! And yet the claim of power to protect
manufactures in the States, for which he has made
a strong argument, includes this. It is against this
claim of power, which makes this government
everything and the people nothing, that I enter my
protest. It is against this claim of consolidated
power in the general government, which constitutes
it the great controlling head of the nation, and
which regards the States as rotten boroughs, or petty
corporations, that I contend. Eighteen millions of
people have rights; among them, the right to
the proreeds of their own labor—the right to
employ their capital as they please; and the citi-
zen, his property and his labor, are under the
care and protection of the State governments. This
government was not constituted to legislate for local
purposes; this right was reserved to be exercised by
the States. The federative character of our gov-
ernment was the great improvement in the science
of politics, which made us hold up our constitution
to the gaze and admiration of the world. If the
general and State governments would move only in
their appropriate spheres, no matter how widely ex-
tended our territory—no matter how many States,
siiould become members of the Union,—there could
be no cause for sectional jealousy, or sectional in-
terests. Let the States have the special care of all
local and sectional objects, and this government only
legislate for what is of interest to all—for the gen-
eral welfare of all the States—and discord could
never arise. At this very point all the threatening
elements of discord arise. This is the fountain from
which issue the bitter streams of strife and disunion.
We look at the model of the British government,
where all power emanates from the throne; and Con-
gress usurps the same powers and responsibilities,
looks out upon eighteen millions of people, under
heir management and control, and in mighty wisdom,
regardless of State authority, and State legislation,
attempts to direct their labor, distribute its proceeds
;<s they think will most conduce to national prosperty.
Sir, this monstrous usurpation must be arrested.
.Let the citizens manage their own business—it is
their privilege; let them have the proceeds of their
own labor—it belongs to them; and do not, I pray
you, take the productive labor of one class of your
citizens and give to another class because you'
think it will add to national wealth. I will call your
attention to the free trade address, written at Phila-
delphia in 1831, by my colleague, the senator who
addressed you on yesterday. I do this for two
reasons: the first, because it* is a finished argument
in favor of the positions I have been presenting; and
secondly, that you may judge how consistently he
now adheres to his then political doctrines. I select
!his address, because it was penned witii delibera-
tion, and not liable, therefore, to inaccuracies which
might occur in a heated debate. I select it because
11 was subjected to the scrutiny of some hundred
and fifty able and talented men, chosen from dif-
teient States in this Union, to deliberate upon the
subject. I select it because it is the production of a
statesman in mature life, who had reached the age
of fifty, and after he had been many years devoted
to the .study of the question. It is not the produc-
tion of a tyro, but the work of age and experience,
directed to the consideration of "the people of the
United States." This address says:
A. numerous and respectable portion of the American peo-
ple do not merely complain that this system is unjust, but
question the right to establish it. They do not doubt
-th< \ utteilj deny—the constitutional pow«-r of Congress
enact it. Injustice to that body, we invite your candid
-mention to a brief consideration of the views on this sub-
ject The constitutional validity or invalidity of an act of
< digress docs not necessarily depend upon' the question
whether the judicial department of the government would
-'Ihrm the one or the other of these propositions. It may be
that an act w ill, in iti. operation and efleet, be subversive of
the principles of the constitution, and 5 et, on its face, be su-
perior to oil just exception 021 that ground. Literally, and
iu terms, it may be an execution of an expressly granted
power, in its operation and effect, it may not only transcend
chat power, but may directly contiavene it. Under the
vretence of supplying a revenue, Congress ma} raise mo-
ip be> onO the purposes to which it can be legitimately ap-
plied or may increase the duties to an amount which will
be prohibitory of importation, and, consequently .destructive
to all revenue to be derived from that source. Still, such an
act would purport to be in the execution of the power to
.ay and collect taxes; and courts of justice, judging of it by
its terms, and by what is apparent on its face, would not af-
urm its invalidity. But the constitution is equally obliga-
tory on every department of the government—on the legis-
lature w ho enacts, as well as on the judge who intorpiets
ilaw. 11 the former shall so veil his unlawful purpose "as
to ..e^nd it from the security of the latter, it is less a viola-
0; few constitutional obligation? 3f It be such a vicV
n l>t; validt
If, instead of the absence of any express grant of power to
protect manufactures, the constitution had contained an ex-
press clause of inhibition, an act of Congress imposing du-
ties beyond the purposes of revenue, and thereby operating
as a bounty 011 the manufacturer, would, they insist, be ad-
mitted to be in violation of the constitution; and yet the re-
pugnance would not be manifest upon its face, and would
therefore elude the judicial power.
A numerous and intelligent portion of the American peo-
ple believe that this view is applicable to the tariff of 1828.
They admit the power of Congress to lay and collect such
duties as they may deem necessary for the purposes of rev-
enue, and within these limits so to arrange those duties as
incidentally, and to that extent, to give protection to the
manufacturer. They deny the right to convert what they
denominate the incidental into the principal power, and,
transcending the limits of revenue, to impose an additional
duty, substantially and exclusively forthe purpose of afford-
ing that protection. They admit that Congress may coua
tervail the regulations of a foreign power which maybe
hostile to our commerce; but they deny their authority per
manently to prohibit all importation for the purpose of se-
curing tke home market exclusively to the domestic manu-
facturer—thereby destroying the commerce they were in-
trusted to regulate, and fostering an interest with which
they have no constitutional power to interfere. That por-
tion of our fellow-citizens of whom we speak, do not, there-
fore, hesitate to affirm that, if the right to enact the tarift'law
of 182S be referred to the authority to lay and collect du-
ties, &c., it is a palpable abuse of the taxing power, which
was conferred for tne purpose of revenue; if to the authority
to regulate commerce, it is as obvious a perversion of that
power, since it may be extended to an utter annihilation of
the objects which it was intended to protect. Waiving,
however, this discussion, we concur in the opinion, that if
the aggrieved party is deprived of the protection which the
judicial department might otherwise afford, it would
strengthen his appeal to the American people to unite with
him in correcting the evil by peaceable and constitutional
means.
But there is a view of this subject which may claim the
concurrence of all those who are prepared to admit that the
tarift'is unequal in its operations, oppressive and unjust. The
constitution of the United States had its origin m a spirit of
compromise. Its object is the security of those righ-ts
which are committed to its protection—its principles that
of an equal participation m the benelits and burdens of the
government. A sj stem of taxation which is unequal in its
operations, which oppresses the many for tke benefit of the
few, in therefore unjust, not merely with reference to the
great and immutable principles of right, which this instru-
ment was thus confessedly intended to sccure.
A distinguished jurist of Massachusetts, one who is ad-
vantageously known as such to the people of the Union,
has said of the system of which we complain, that it is cal-
culated l,to destroy many of the great objects for which
the constitution of the United States was originally framed
and adopteil Who will affirm that such a system can con-
sist with the spirit of the constitution? Its enactments may
be so veiled as to elude the judicial power, and may there-
fore be obligatory upoivthc other departments of the gov-
ernment; but. as between constituent and agent—between
the people and their rulers, the charter will, in such case,
have been violated, and it will belong to them to correct the
evil. "Why should we fear to enunciate this principle? Is
it because ofthe danger of those interests which have grown
up under the system' A just consideration of the subject
will lead to a directly opposite result. If it be conceded
that the system is oppressive, unequal and unjust, can those
who profit by it deceive themselves with the expectation of
its permanency7 Is it prudent to close their eyes to the
consequences to which, sooner or later, this conviction
must inevitably lead? Distinguished as this system is, by
every characteristic which may define a tyranny the most
odious, why should we, who are its victims, not stand up-
on our charterednghts"7"
These remarks present a portion of the arguments
which I have been' attempting to offer. How do
they tally with the argument of yesterday? Would
you ha\e supposed, without having been so inform-
ed, that this address was written by the same dis-
tinguished senator who addressed you on yesterday?
"Tempora mutantur." I will take the liberty to call
your attention again to this address before I con-
clude my remarks. I desire to exhibit, a little
more, the unequal operations of the protective
policy.
If the constitution, however, has no claims upon
your deliberations—if the limitations of the consti-
tution are to be perverted, and the rights of the
States destroyed, still some regard should be had, in
passing a tax law, to the ability of those who are
taxed. Is not the theory just, that duties should be
so imposed that wealth and capital may bear the
burdens of government, while industry and poverty
are exempted from its exactions. If we had no
written constitution, the principles of humanity and
juctice would demand that the poor should only pay
accoiding to their means, and the wealthy accord-
ing to theirs. This just and sound theory is wholly
reversed by the tariff of 1842. By that act wealth
and capital are, in some sections of the Union, en-
tirely exempted, while labor is forced to bear the
taxes of government.
Permit me to inquire how much do the owners of
the immense amount of manufacturing capital in the
United States pay into the treasury for the support
of government' Do they pay in any equal ratio to
the amount of their wealth? Does their capital pay
any tax; No, sir; the laborers they employ, who
work for their daily bread, urged oil by the spurs of
necessity, pay about as much tax under your present
law as the capitalists who afford them daily employ-
ment. An amount of manufacturing capital em-
ployed in the United States sufficient to produce an-
nually about five hundred millions' worth of manu-
factured articles, pays comparatively nothing for the
support of government. The wealthy proprietors of
these establishments, who ought to pay in pro-
portion to their wealth, pay annually but little more
tax than the poorest hireling engaged in their fac-
tories. This is the effect of the boasted "American
system!" This i3 the scheme by which it is said
"labor is protected!1' This is not all. The small
amount paid by the owners of this vast amount of
property is more than a hundred fold repaid to
them by the operations of the law itself, in the way
of bounties, while those who do the work—who have
no capital, and are destitute of means—pay their tax,
receiving no remuneration from the government. By
the tariff of 1842, the highest duties are imposed up-
on the cheapest goods; upon that class of goods
which the poor are enabled to purchase, while the
costlier materials, bought and worn by the wealthy,
pay comparatively low duties upon their actual cost
m the market. This is crying injustice. Can any
system of taxation be more iniquitous? Can any
scheme be devised which more effectually shifts the
burdens of taxation from the shoulders of the rich,
and saddles them upon the poor? Can any plan be
adopted which more certainly exonerates capital, at
the cost of labor? I know, sir, it is a thankless and
bootless business to oppose wealth and power, and
vindicate the rights of the indigent; but in a land
where gallant sons and patriot husbands once dared
advocate their rights, pledging lives, fortunes,
honors, to maintain them, some will be found rash
enough to insist that the fountains of justice shall
flow pure and unsullied to every class of her citizens.
If tins tax was imposed in such manner that the
plain, industrious, laboring men of the country
could see its injustice, they would not bear its ex-
actions for an hour. By imposing specific and mini-
mum duties, instead of a tax upon the value of the
article, you cover up the fraud, and impose upon the
people. Very few laborers have time, and still
fewer inclination, to examine so as to comprehend
how much tax they pay, under your present tariff,
for the common necessaries of life. Take, for in-
stance, a farmer of the State of Georgia, who is not
worth a thousand dollars in the world, and who, by
any just system of taxation, would not be required
to pay one dollar annually into your treasury, and
calculate how much he is now compelled to pay.
Compare his unreasonable tax with the amount
paid by a whole company of manufacturers, worth
ten millions of dollars; or with the fortune of one,
that is worth a million,—and it will be seen that the
farmer, whos.e whole estate does not exceed in value
one thousand dollars, pays as much, and frequently
more tax than he who possesses millions. For an-
other inequality consists in this: that, the larger the
family—the more dependent children there are to
raise,—the heavier the tax, as they are compelled to
consume more of the necessaries of life. This in-
justice ought instantly to be corrected: the duties
should be so imposed that the tax would be collect-
ed from articles of luxury; and discriminations be
made, so as to tax lightly, if at all, the implements
of husbandry, and the necessaries of life.
When the senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
_ urged this proposition, the senator from Rhode
' Island [Mr. Simmons] insisted that he was attempt-
ing to array the poor against the rich. No, sir;
that is not the object of the proposition, but it is the
effect of the tariff law. The law of 1842 favors
wealthy manufacturers, (many of whom are to-day
the subjects of Great Britain)—operating unjustly
upon the indigent laborer. The senator from Mis-
souri, noticing the effects of the law, sees the long,
bony fingers of Avarice grappling the very vitals of
Labor, and makes an effort to tear loose the grasp.
The poor, the laboring, and suffering classes of
this country control no press to vindicate their
rights; they have no surplus money to purchase in-
fluence: and those who occupy high positions in so-
ciety have not been accustomed to contemplate the
blighted hopes of penury and want, or look upon
the scanty table of poverty and shame, that they
can properly appreciate the importance of lessening
their burdens. No system of duty by imposts can
deal strictly fair with the laborer; but, since it is be-
lieved to be the most safe and convenient method of
collecting revenue, by all means do them what jus-
tice you cari) •
