CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
350
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. John-
son yesterday, was taken up, and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the copy of a resolution adopted
by the mayor and council of the city of Lafayette,
on the 8th of February last, herewith presented;
and a copy of the resolution of the council and mu-
nicipality number two of the city of New Orleans,
passed on the 13th of January, 1842, herewith pre-
sented, be referred to the Committee on Commerce;
and that the said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a port of entry
at the city of Lafayette.
Several House bills were then read twice, and ap-
propriately referred.
On motion by Mr. KING, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the erection of a building for the
accommodation of the district court held at Tusca-
loosa, in the State of Alabama.
Mr. KING- presented a letter from the district
judge there upon the subject, which was referred to
the same committee.
IMPROVEMENT OP RIVERS.
The bill to grant a certain quantity of land to aid
in the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers, and to connect the same by a canal in the
Territory of Wisconsin, came up in its order; the
question pending being on the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Haywood, as an additional
section to the bill, as follows:
"That the lands appropriated by the bill shall be
taken by Wisconsin, in part of the 500,000 acres
secured or pledged to said Territory when it shall
become a State, by force of the 8th section of the act
of 4th September, 1841, entitled, "An act to appro-
priate the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
and to grant pre-emption rights.' "
The yeas and nays had been ordered on the
above.
After some remarks by Mr. TALLMADGE, on
certain modifications proposed by him to the above,
so as to make it conform to the language of the 8th
section of the distribution law to which it referred;
and by Mr. HAYWOOD, insisting on his amend-
ment, the following modification was agreed upon
by those senators, and adopted by the Senate, viz-
"Be it further enacted, That the lands hereby ap-
propriated shall be taken by Wisconsin in part of
the 500,000 acres granted, or to be granted, to said
Territory when it shall become a State, by force of
the 8th section of the act to appropriate the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, and to grant pre-
emption rights."
Mr. HAYWOOD moved further to amend the
bill, by striking out so much of the bill as allowed
t he location of lands elsewhere than on the line of
the proposed improvement, in the following words,
viz:
"When the sections hereby [granted] appropria-
ted, or any part thereof, shall have been sold, other
vacant lands shall be selected in lieu thereof, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. HAYWOOD said that the senator from New
York [Mr. Tallmadge] would understand that the
whole of this route consisted of two alternate sec-
tions, 640,000 or 650,000 acres. According to the
report of the Commissioner of the Land Office there
was not upon this route, 110 nnles in length, a
township, except three, that was not settled upon
by private inhabitants; and the probability was,
that the whole of these sections worth having were
now occupied, without having yet been entered at
the land office.
Congress had already given Wisconsin upwards
of 200,000 acres of land, which were to come out of
her 500,000, for the purpose of connecting the Mil-
waukie and Rock rhers. These 200,000 acres
were granted to that Territory to buid a canal. He
had not yet heard that the canal had been eontstruct-
ed, or that the contiguous lands had increased in
value. This grant, already made, added to the
325,000 acres proposed to be given to Wisconsin,
would make upwards of 20,000 acres more than
she was entitled to under the operation of the dis-
tribution act. Now, he was perfectly willing to
throw in the 20,000 acres for good measure, and to
execute the act to its full extent; but nothing more.
Mr. TALLMADGE remarked that the gentle-
man was mistaken in regard to the quantity of
land which had already been granted to Wisconsin.
There had been 173,000 acres given her for the Mil-
waukie canal, and not 200,000 or 220,000 as the
gentleman supposed. All that was asked, accord-
ing to the senator's [Mr. Haywood's] own interpre-
tation of the 8th section of the distribution act, was
to deduct out of the 500,000 acres, pledged to Wis-
consin, the quantity which it was now proposed to
grant.
The question was then put on the proposed
amendment, and it was rejected by—yeas 15, nays
23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Clayton, Colquitt, Fairfield,
Fulton, Haywood, Huger, Kins;, McDultie, Pearee, Semple,
Sevier, Sturgeon, and Woodbury—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Breese,
Choate, Crittenden, Dayton. I'.vans, Foster, Hannewtn, Hen-
derson, Johnson, Jarna^jn, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Porter, Tallmadge, Upharn, Walker, and Wood-
bridge—23.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following amendment
to the last section of the bill, viz:
"Provided, That this act shall not take effect un-
til the legislative assembly of the Territory of Wis-
consin shall have signified its acceptancc of the pro
visions of this act."
Mr. A. remarked that this amendment war: not
introduced from any motive of hostility to the
grant possessed. He was favorable to the im-
provement. His object was to guard the interests
of that Territory. He would willingly vote double
the quantity ofland, if necessary; hut, whatever was
granted, he wished the legislative council of that
Territory to express an acceptance of the terms
upon which it was granted. Mr. A. was proceed-
ing to enforce the propriety of his amendment by
some further remarks, but was interrupted by
Mr. MERRICK, who suggested t,he propriety of
laying the bill on the table till to-morrow, with a
view of going into executive session.
Mr. ALLEN acquiesced; and the bill was laid on
the table.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and, after some time spent there-
in, adjourned till Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 8,1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
[The Speaker has appointed Mr. Stetson of
New York a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, in the place of Mr. Beardsley, resigned.]
Mr. W. J. BROWN, by leave, reported a joint
resolution, winch was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, to extend the provis-
ions of a joint resolution, entitled "A joint resolu-
tion authorizing certain certificates of deposite to be
cancelled and reissued," approved February 28,
1839.
Mr. C. M. READ, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations for
the improvement of certain harbors and rivers;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow.
RHODE ISLAND.
The SPEAKER announced the first business m
order to be a resolution offered by the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Bcrkf,,] empowering
the select committee on the memorial of certain
members of the Rhode Island legislature, to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. CP^ANSTON being entitled to" the floor, ad-
dressed the House in continuation of his remarks
commenced yesterday. Before proceeding, he said,
with the simple and brief history of the affairs of
Rhode Island, which he proposed giving—he would
advert for a moment to a statement which he observ-
ed m the papers this morning, which represented
him as declaring, in the remarks which he made
yesterday, that he believed Mr. Dorr to be an hon-
est man. He would not say that this was a mis-
take of the reporters, for in the excitement of the
mement, he may have used that language; but if so,
lie certainly intended it to be accompanied with some
qualification; because he could not at the same time
admit that he was a man of learning and talents, and
am honest man. What he intended to say in reply
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, was, that if
Dorr were here himself to give testimony about the
material facts in the case—about the details attend-
ing the adoption of his constitution,—his belief was
tkat he would state the truth.
He had no ambition to make a speech, because
he believed it would not be in his power to make
one which would be gratifying to the House. He
would endeavor merely to lay before the House a
true history of what was termed the-Rhode Island
question. This was his only object; and though,
from what he had seen since he had been in that
House, he could not flatter himself that he could
command the attention of the House, especially Of
that portion of it which lie desired particularly t.o se-
cure—he meant the gentlemen from New Hamp-
shire and his democratic friends—still he would in-
dulge the hope that they would give him some small
degree of attention; and. he pletlged himself, m giv-
ing an account of the troubles in Rhode Island, he
would state, nothing which he could not, of his own
knowledge, state positively to be true. He would
not deal in facts which he was not personally ac-
quainted with; for, with the entire history of the
troubles, so far as they had met the public eye, lie
was familiar, from the commencement to the close.
So far as Mr. Dorr's original projects and designs
were concerned, he had them from his own mouth;
and he would believe what he got from his own
mouth, sooner than he would the declarations of all
or any ofhis friends.
This question struck him as being one of infinite
moment. It seemed to him that no question which
had ever engaged the thoughts of man was more
full of deep and fearful consequences, not only to
the people of this country, but to the whole civil-
ized world. And yet the question itself lay in a
nut-sliell It was merely this: whether the people,
at all times, and when, and where, and how they
pleased, might change their form of government.
It was avowed by Mr. Dorr and his friends that
they had the right. We (said Mr. Cranston) deny
it. And it was perhaps, with the view of carrying
out this object that Mr. Doit, aided by worse Dorr-
men out, of Rhode Island, threw that State into tur-
moil and confusion.
He intended to review the subject very briefly, for
lie could do it but briefly in the time allotted to him.
It would require six hours at least, merely to de-
tail that part part of the history of their troubles,
which was most important, and in which every man
in the country had a deep and an abiding interest.
He, would admit, for the sake of argument, (what
was directly the reverse of the fact,) that every
thing stated in that memorial was strictly true. He
would admit it to be. true, and then he would ask
the House if the course of the gentleman from New
Hampshire ts> remedy the troubles or supposed
troubles of his friends, was the proper course. What,
had this House to do with the matter? What had
this government to do with it? Rhode Island was a
sovereign State, notwithstanding it was so small that
they could almost span its bounds. But he main-
tained that the memorial was utterly false.
Mr. C. went on, and gave a description of the
charter under which Rhode Island had been gov-
erned, including the qualification of voters, up to
1834. No man, up to that time, had ever thought
of changing the elective franchise. You might as
well (said he) have talked to the old blue-stocking
farmers of Rhode Island of giving away their farms,
as to talk to them about changing the qualifications
of voters. If this were true, (as he vouched it to
be,) how stood the declaration made in the memo-
rial, that they had been waiting for so long a time,
and anxiously petitioning for a change in their char-
ter? Mr. C. referred to an abortive attempt that had
been made to extend the right of suffrage in the
legislature, which had the entire control of the sub-
ject In 1824, Mr. Dorr and some of his friends
began to talk about an extension of the right of suf-
frage, thinking it then a favorable opportunity to
broach the subject; but no sort of countenance was
given to it. The proposition received but four votes.
In 1834, a convention was calied, of which Mr.
Dorr was a member, and at which were piesentMr.
Potter, (the father of his colleague,) and seveia!
other of the ablest men? of the State. When the,
proposition to extend the right of suffrage was
made m that convention, it was laughed at, both by
the federalists and democrats: the democrats, if any-
thing—particularly the Jackson men—were more
strongly opposed to it than the other party. Again,
in 1836, at the January session of the General As-
sembly, when the legislature was democratic m both
branches, the election law was revised—the bill for
that purpose having been introduced by Col. Atwell
himself, one of the memorialists. Now, if then*
had been any great desire on the part of the people
to extend the elective franchise, would not this have
been a favorable opportunity to do it! If the peo-
ple had been clamorous for such a change, as the
memorialists state, would tliey riot have insisted cri
its being done at that time' Two years after that
