April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
%n
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate.
The friends of a tariff for protection seek te give
public alarm—to frighten the timid—by charging
the advocates of free trade with being in favor of di-
rect taxation. They draw a frightful picture of
United States officers; depict them as entering the
retreats of poverty, and demanding their earnings.
The system of high and prohibitory duties must
lead to diiect taxation in the end, no matter how
frightful the picture. If a protective tariff be con-
tinued till the period arrives (so often promised us
by the manufacturers) when we can manufacture at
home as cheap as they can abroad; when we shall
have arrived at that state of independence that we
take no foreign goods, and encourage no pauper la-
bor,—the government will, of necessity, be forced
to resort to direct taxation.
The States collect all, or most, of their revenue by
direct taxes; and, by that plan, men pay according
to their wealth. Nor is there a State in the Union
whose legislature would dare force a citizen worth
but five thousand dollars to pay as much as another
worth a million; while, by your "American system"
—by your tariff of 1842—you force the farmer, the
mechanic, and the merchant, worth less than five
thousand dollars, to pay as much tax—yea, more
than you require of a wealthy manufacturer, with
his millions. Let it be remembered that a large ma-
jority of the people of the United States are not
worth each five thousand dollars; and that you cannot
frighten them so far out of their senses as to induce
them willingly to submit to snch injustice. The is-
sue is not whether we shall have direct taxation or
a tariff; but the issue between the parties is this:
shall we have a tariff with discriminations to protect
the manufacturers and their capital; or a tariff with
discriminations in favor of the laborers, by dimin-
ishing the cost of their necessaries?
Under the operations of the "American system,"
(as it is called,) it might be some little comfort to
those who pay if the amount torn away from their
hard earnings all went into the treasury of the
country; but even this consolation is denied them—
since, for every four or five millions which go into
the treasury, twenty millions swell the capital of
those engaged in manufacturing. But for this im-
mense advantage to the factory proprietors, we.
should not be troubled so constantly with their in-
structive calculations as to the best means of pro-
tecting "American industry." To demonstrate the
truth of this position, I should but repeat an argu-
ment made by the honorable senator from South
Carolina, to which I could not give strength by any
reasoning of mine.
The senators who have sought to overturn the ar-
gument have utterly despaired of accomplishing
their purpose by any system of logic, and set up
fads, as reliable evidence, to prove tjiat taxes are a
blessing which diminishes, rather than inct eases, the
burdens of the people. If duties on imports in-
crease the price of the imported article, so that the
article of the same quality manufactured here can
be sold for the increased price to the consumer, there
is no escaping the conclusion that, of every such ar-
ticle, if there be four or five times as much con-
sumed of domestic as of foreign, while one-fourth
of the increase goes into the treasury, the remain-
ing three-fourths or four-fifths would be clear gain,
made by the aid of the tariff, to the manufacturers.
The tables show that about seven times in amount
more of domestic fabrics are consumed than of im-
ported. To obviate this difficulty—not to be over-
come by reason—we are Hid til at. fads must be sub-
stituted for reason; and that they prove that duties
do not increase, but diminish, the price of goods
which pay the duty. I will remark that facts, unsus-
tained by reason, establish no theory; and that absurd,
contradictory propositions can never be made truth.
Whenever it can be established, by facts or by
theory, that taxes can be so imposed as to be no tax
at all, but, on the contrary, a source of profit, the
invention will be more grand and attractive than the
gorgeous visions in the caverns of Swerga or Pada-
lon. If taxes raised by imposts be no burden
to the people of the government that imposes them,
Great Britain 1ms committed dreadful havoc among
the neighboring nations, by compelling them to pay
such immense sums every year for her support^ If
imposing a duty cheapens the price of the articles
taxed, breadstuffs ought to be dirt-cheap in Great
Britain, by reason of her corn laws. Certainly, no
man can so far have taken leave of his senses as to
admit either proposition. If a tax by imposts had
the effect of shifting the burdens of our own gov-
ernment upon other nations, every principle of na-
tional pride and national honor would require us to
abandon the system. Is there an American states-
man that would be willing to go home and face an
intelligent, virtuous, moral, and religious people,
and tell them he had adopted laws by which he an-
nually drew twenty millions of dollars from 'the
pockets of down-trodden subjects, belonging to oth-
er governments, for the support of his own? No,
sir: the wings of that proud bird, (pointing to the
eagle)—the emblem of your country's glory—would
droop, and, in shame and disgrace, she would de-
scend from her lofty eyrie.
I suppose this idea of pretending to make for-
eigners support our manufactories, has been sug-
gested from the conviction that although, in point of
morals, there is no difference between robbing
neighbors or strangers, their neighbors should not
make any complaint. The truth is well known,
and no man can be so far made the dupe of sophis-
try as to deny it seriously, that the taxes of a gov-
ernment are paid by the people of that government,
no matter what system they adopt for raising it.
The contest is, who shall be made to pay; and in
this contest wealth is power. Upon the subject of
prices I lay down this proposition: that every* fabric
which can be manufactured in the United States as
cheap as it can be manufactured abroad, requires no
protection from government. This needs no dem-
onstration, because the laws of trade would prevent
successful competition. All articles, therefore, of
that class upon which a duty is imposed, benefit the
manufacturer when the supply is not equal to the
home demand; and whenever that fact exists, he is
enabled to sell his goods not only for cost, but quite
equal to the whole amount of cost in transporting,
together with the amount of duty imposed. Upon
every article of this class the manufacturer receives
the entire tax paid by the consumer, and the govern-
ment nothing. Thus, by the tariff of 1842, the
cheap woollens and homespuns, and a great deal be-
sides, which can be made as cheap in the United
States as in Great Britain, are often a heavy tax on
those who use them, accruing to the profit of man-
ufacturers, without adding one cent to revenue. I
present another proposition equally clear: that every
fabric manufactured in the United States, which can
be made cheaper abroad, must be raised in pricc, by
the duty imposed, at least as much as the difference
in the cost of manufacturing at home and abroad.
So that, whether it costs more or less to manufacture
a fabric in the United States than out of them, the
result inevitably is, that a protective tariff is wholly
useless, or increases the prices of the fabrics made,
whether foreign or domestic, m the home market.
No factory can stand very long unless it realizes
cost for its products; and in addition to the cost of
the product abroad, the cost of transportation and
the amount of duty must he added. It has been
said in the debate, that when we impose a duty upon
any article, there is a corresponding decline in the
foreign market. This may sometimes have hap-
pened, but I apprehend cannot, with any propriety,
be attributed to the duty imposed. There is some
difference between "after" and "on account of." In
order to establish the fact that the price in the foreign
market is depressed on account of the duty we im-
pose, two very improbable things must be estab-
lished. The first is, that we benefit all the world, to
the iajury of the foreign manufacturer, by imposing
a duty on his productions. Take, for instance, the
article of manufactured cotton, placed by the Eng-
lish weavers for sale in Liverpool: the people of
that country, and the people of other nations, pur-
chase more largely of that article in her market
than we do; and yet, if the argument be sound, be-
cause we have imposed a duty upon it, therefore
the price in Liverpool is diminished; and thus, by our
tax we have injured the manufacturer and benefited
the purchasers all over the world This idea is so
unreasonable, that a common-sense man would con-
clude that they would find it to their interest to give
up the market here, than we be permitted to regu-
late their prices for the markets of the, world.
In order that the Senate may judge of the un-
soundness of this catch-vote argument, let them not
forget that from the United Kingdom of Great Britain,
the same goods exported to this country are ex-
ported to Russia, Sweden, Norway, Denmark,
Prussia, Germany, Holland, Belgium, France, Por-
tugal proper, Azores, Madeira, Spain, and the
Balearic Islands, Canaries, Gibraltar, Italy, and the
Italian Islands, Malta, Ionian Islands, Turkey and
Continental Greece, Morea and Greek Islands,
Egypt, ports on the Medtteranean, Tripoli, Bar-
bary, and Morocco, western coast of Africa, Cape
of Good Hope, Cape de Verd Islands, St. Helena,
Isle of Bourbon, Mauritius, East India Company's
territories and Ceylon, China, Sumatra and Gava,
Philippine Islands, New South Wales, New Zea-
land and South Sea Islands, Ports of Siam, British
North American colonies, British West Indies,
Hayti, Cuba, and other foreign West Indies, Mex-
ico, Guatemala, Colombia, Brazil, States of the
Rio de la Plata, Chili, Peru, and Isles of Guernsey.
To these countries, ports, and isles, does the king-
dom of Great Britain export twenty times the
quantity of manufactured fabrics that she does to
the United States. Contemplate, then, their home
consumption. Look at England, Scotland, Ireland,
and Wales, consuming ten times the quantity they
export; and the man who could conclude that a tariff
in this country would regulate all these markets, de-
mands the compassion of some tender hearted keeper
of a lunatic asylum.
I must insist, therefore, that in the instances where
the price of a foreign product has fallen, after we
have imposed a duty, it could not have been on that
account.
The other fact to establish is, that by the imposi-
tion of duties, we can force foreign factories to sell
their fabrics for a sum less than the cost of produc-
tion. If this can be accomplished by a protective
tariff, the result must be to destroy the manufac-
tories in other countries, to the injury of ourselves
and the other nations of the earth; for nothing can
be more true, than that, if a fabric costs more to
make it than it will bring in market when made, its
production must cease. This conclusion is so forci-
ble, that the friends of protection pretend that foreign
manufacturers will submit to a temporary loss, in
order to break down the factories in this country,
and then remunerate themselves by high prices.
This is the merest vision that was ever presented to
a sound mind to frighten its judgment. If the en-
tire manufacturing capital of Europe belonged to
one man, there would be some little plausibility in
imagining the phantom a reality. In that case,
you would have to conceive a man so maddened
by folly as to inflict on himself a perma-
nent injury for the purpose of monopolizing
our market, disregarding the entire trade of the
balance of the world. The mind can scarcely
imagine such phrenzy, as would be exhibited by
submitting to such loss for such a consideration,
and with such a prospect of future remuneration.
But the situation and condition of the world—the
ten thousand manufacturing establishments owned
by different companies, and in different countries,
render it impossible that such an effort can be made,
much less executed. Such apprehension is but the
sickly vision of a disordered fancy, or the "raw-
head and bloody-bones" of corruption and avarice.
There is no reality in the vision. This absurd and
preposterous declaration has been made so often,
that I beg leave to call your attention a moment to
the amount of capital employed, the different loca-
tions, and different interests concerned. In the year
1835, there were one hundred and twenty thousand
power looms operating in Great Britain,with thcirap-
propriate spinning machinery; and, according to a re-
port made then to Parliament, increased in number
and value about one-tenth annually. According to
report of Dr. Kay, of Manchester, to the, commis-
sioners under the poor-law amendment act of July
22, 1835, the increased amount sf manufacturing
capita! then annually going on very far exceeded
one-tenth annually. He reports the quantity of
steam power, then recently erccted and to be put in
operation within one and a-half or two years from
that time in the cotton district of Lancashire. Look
to his report for a moment, and see the immense in-
creasc-of manufacturing power within thirty milea
distance from Manchester. He estimates it equal to
7,507 horse power, and the outlay at three mil-
lion seven hundred and fifty-three thousand five
hundred pound sterling in buildings and machinery,
belonging to one hundred and sixty-nine difierent
firms. Put aside, in your contemplation^ the whole
machinery in operation in the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and the continent, at tliat time and.
since erected, and you could scarcely conceive the
idea of these one hundred and sixty-lime different
firms, with an outlay of near twenty millions of dol-
lars in machinery, with conflicting interests entering
into a combination to suffer heavy losses, in order
to injure the manufacturers here. The prospect is
quite as likely that wealthy merchants abroad will
combine to destroy the merchants in this country,
that they may monopolize trade.
Since the prices of goods are lower at present than,
they were some years since, and senators j>re«<m4
