360
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
book of Dorr's was. written, the election law was
revised, and no change was attempted in the elective
franchise, though both Dorr and Atwell were mem-
bers of the legislature.
No change whatever was attempted, except one,
which was an amendment, introduced in sport, to
extend the right of voting to the lax qualification. He
believed that a number of the signers of this memo-
rial were members of the legislature, and yet this
proposition received but two votes in a democratic
House of Representatives, Mr. Dorr being a mem-
ber of it. Now, did this correspond with the asser-
tion that these people had been waiting and beseech-
ing the legislature for years to extend the right of
suffrage? It gave him great pain (he said) that their
were men found in the State of Rhode Island whom
he had seen take the oath to support the constitution,
who could sign a memorial containing so many mis-
representations, and intended for the purpose of
trampling down that very constitution. It was
stated in the memorial, that if the President of the
Uaited States had not interfered, the new govern-
ment would have been established and gone into op-
eration. He (Mr. C.) was in the legislature at the time
when many of these men, if they were to be believed,
were very anxious to have the troubled waters set-
tled. Mr. Tyler sent no troops into Rhode Island,
that he knew of; there was no rebellion or commo-
tion, and the people were quietly deliberating about
changing their form of government. Mr. C. then
went on to notice ,various parts of the memorial, and
denied the truth of the statements contained in them.
He continued to speak on the subjects embraced
in the Rhode Island memorial until the expiration
pf his hour.
y Mr. RATHBUN next obtained the floor, and said
the House, had referred to a special committee, of
which he was a member, a communication from
twenty-six members of the legislature of Rhode Isl-
and; and if it was expected that they should make
a report, he presumed the House would give them
sueli authority as would enable them to procure all
necessary information for a proper discharge of their
duties. In committee, he had been unwilling to
agree to the resolution being reported until he was
satisfied that it would not cause much expenditure,
a few witnesses only being requisite to give the in-
formation which the committee required.
In reference to some observations made yesterday
by one member of the committee, [Mr. Caitm«j,J he
made some reply and observed that if that gentleman
had been present in the committee room when their
chairman was instructed to make this report, he
would have found a unanimity of fepling in regard to
it. He. next addressed himself to the speech of the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Cranston,] and
commented on the position which that gentleman
assumed. lie had asked the House to take his un-
supported asseverations in opposition to the state-
ments of twenty-six gentlemen of the Rhode Island
legislature, who were, for any thing that appeared to
the contrary, as respectable as himself; but he appre-
hended the House would deem it necessary to have
more than one voluntary witness before it agreed
to brand with falsehood so lai*ge a number
of the representatives of the people in one
of the States of the Union. The gentleman
from Rhode Island had talked of "ruffianism" in
that State, and of "Algermes;" but if the proposition
he had made to this House was not a specimen of
"Algerineism," he apprehended it was not lo he
found m Rhode Island. When that gentlemen ask-
ed the House to take his unsupported word, and on
that to pronounce twenty-six gentlemen m Rhode
Island to be liars, he must stuely have supposed
that he was appealing to a house of "Algennes,"and
not to the American House of Representatives.
After a few other obseivulions
The SPEAKER announced the expiration «f the
morning hour, and the subject went over.
On the motion of Mr. EMERY D. POTTER, the
House agreed to reconsider ihe vote of yesterday by
which an adverse report from the Committee of
Claims, on Ihe case of Conrad House, was laid on
the table. Additional mfoimation having been fur-
nished, the whole case was referred back to that com-
iniitee.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. MeKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following bill to modily and
amend the tariff* act of the last Congress:
A BjI.L to modify and amend the act entitled "An
act to provide revenue from imports and to change
and modify existing laws imposing duties on im-
ports and for other purposes," approved 30th,
August, 1842.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and Hawse of
Representat ives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That from and after the first day of
September, in the year one thousand eight hundred
and forty-four, the duties imposed under and by
virtue of the act entitled "An act to provide revenue
from imports and to change and modify existing
laws imposing duties on imports and for other pur-
poses," approved on the thirtieth day of August,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-two, upon
the various articles in the said act named shall be
changed, modified, and reduced in manner following,
that is to say—
First. On all coarse unmanufactured wool, the
value whereof, at the last port or place whence ex-
ported to the United States, shall be seven cents or
under per pound, there shall be levied a duty of
fifteen per centum ad valorem, instead of the duty of
five per centum imposed by the said act; and on all
other unmanufactured wool there shall be levied a
duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of the
duties of three cents per pound and thirty per cen-
tum ad valorem, imposed by the same act.
Second. On all manufactures of wool, or of which
wool shall be a component part, except milled or
fulled cloth, known by the name of plains, kerseys,
or Kendall cottons, carpetings, flannels, bockings
and baizes, blankets, worsted stuff goods, ready-
made clothing, hosiery, mits, gloves, caps, and
bindings, there shall be levied a duty of thirty per
centum ad valorem, instead of the duty of forty per
centum imposed by the said act.
Third. On all milled or fulled cloth known by the
name of plain, kerseys, or Kendall cottons, of
which wool shall be the only material, the value
whereof shall not exceed thirty-five cents the square
yard at, the last port or place whence exported,
there shall be levied a duty of twenty per centum ad
valorem, instead of the duties imposed by the said
act.
Fourth. On all carpets and carpeting of wool,
hemp, flax, or cotton, or parts of either, or other ma-
terial not specified, there shall be levied a duty of
thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of the duties
imposed by the said act.
Fifth. On all woollen blankets, the actual value
of which at the place whence exported shall not. ex-
ceed seventy-five cents each, there shall be levied a
duty of ten per centum ad valorem, instead of the
duty of fifteen per centum imposed by the said act.
Sixth. On all hearth rugs, there shall be levied a
duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of
the duty of forty per centum imposed by the said
act. „
Seventh. On woollen yarn there shall be levied a
duty of twenty-five per centum ad valorem, instead
of the duty of thirty per centum imposed by the
said act; and on all worsted yarn, there shall be
levied a duty of twenty per centum ad valorem, in-
stead of the duty of thirty per centum imposed by
the said act.
Eighth. On woollen and worsted mits, gloves,
enps and bindings, and on woollen or worsted
hosiery, that is to say, stockings, socks, drawers,
shirts, and all other similar manufactures made on
frames, there shall be levied a duty of twenty per
centum ad valorem, instead of the duty of" thirty
per centum imposed by the said act.
JVm//i. On flannels, of whatever materials com-
posed, except cotton, and on bockings and baizes,
there shall lie levied a duty of thirty per centum
ad valorem, instead of the duty of fourteen cents
per square yard, imposed by the said act; and on
coach laces there shall be levied a duty of thirty per
centum ad valorem, instead of the duty of thirty-
five per centum imposed by the s.ud act.
Tenth. On ready mode clothing, of whatever
materials composed, worn by men, women, or chil-
dren, except gloves, mits, stockings, iocks, wove
shirts, and drawers, and all other similar manufac-
tures made on frames; hats, bonnets, shoes, boots,
and bootees, imported m a state ready to be used as
clothing by men, women, or children, made up either
by the tailor, manufacturer, or seamstress, there
shall be levied a duty of thirty per centum ad valo-
rem instead of the duty of fifty per centum imposed
by the said act. On all articles worn by men, wo-
men, or children, other than as above specified or
excepted, of whatever materials composed, made up
wholly or in port by hand, there shall be levied a
duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of
the dtity of forty per centum imposed by the said
act; and on clothing, finished in whole or in part, em-
broidered in gold or silver, there shall be levied a
duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of the
duty of fifty per centum imposed by the said act.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of September, in the year afore-
said, the duties imposed by the said act upon the
articles hereinafter mentioned shall be changed,
modified, and reduced in the manner following—that
is to say:
First. On all manufactures of cotton, or of which
cotton shall be a component part, not otherwise
specified, and excepting such cotton-twist, yarn,
and thread, and such other articles as are here-
in otherwise provided for, there shall be levied
a duty of twenty-five per centum ad valorem; and
the proviso to the second subdivision of the second
section of the said act shall be, and the same is here-
by, repealed.
Second. On cotton-twist, yarn, and thread, bleach-
ed or unbleached, colored or uncolored, and on
spools or otherwise, there shall be levied a duty of
twenty-five per centum ad valorem, instead of the
various duties imposed by the said a"t.
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, That from and after
the first day of September, in the year aforesaid,
the duties imposed by the said act upon the articles
hereinafter mentioned shall be changed, modified,
and reduced in the manner following—that is to say:
First. On all manufactures of silk, not otherwise
specified, except bolting cloths, there shall be levied
a duty of twenty per centum ad valorem, instead of
the duty of two dollars and fifty cents per pound
imposed by the said act; and on silk bolting cloths
there shall be levied a duty of fifteen per centum ad
valorem, instead of the duty of twenty per centum
imposed by the said act.
Second. On silk twist, or twist composed of silk
and mohair, and on sewingsilk, one dollar per pound
of sixteen ounces, instead of the duty of two dollars
per pound imposed by the said act; on pongees and
plain white silks for printing or coloring, there shall
be levied a duly of twenty per centum ad valorem,
instead of the duty of one dollar and fifty cents per
pound, imposed by the said act; on floss and other
similar silks, purified from the gum, dyed and pre-
pared for manufacture, there shall be levied a duty
of fifteen per centum ad valorem, instead of the duty
of twenty-five per centum imposed by the said act;
on all raw silks, comprehending all silks in the gum,
whether in hanks, reeled, or otherwise, there shall
be levied a duty of twelve and a half per centum ad
valorem, instead of the duty of fifty cents per pound
imposed by the said act; and on silk umbrellas,
parasols, sun-shades, silk or satin shoes for men,
women or children; silk or satin laced boots or
bootees for men, women or children; men's silk hats;
silk orsatin hats or bonnets for women; silk shirts
and drawers, whether made up wholly or in part;
silk caps for women; turbans, ornaments for head
dress, aprons, collars, caps, cuffs, braids, curls orfri-
zettes, chemisettes, mantillas, pellennes, and all other
ai tides of silk made up by hand in whole or in part,
and not otherwise provided for, there shall be levied
a duty of twenty-five per centum ad valorem, instead
of the various duties imposed by the said act.
Third. On unmanufactured hemp, Manilla, Sunn,
and other hemps of India, jute, Sisal grass, coir and
other vegetable, substanc.es, not enumerated, used for
cordage, there shall be levied a duty of thirty per
centum ad valorem, instead of the various duties im-
posed by the said act; on codilla, oi tow of hemp
and flax, there shall be levied a duty of twenty-five
per centum ad valorem, instead of the duty of twen-
ty dollars per ton, imposed by the said act; on tar-
red and untarred cables and cordage, yarns, twine
packthread, cotton-bagging, of whatever material
composed, and on any other manufacture not other-
wise specified, suitable for the uses to which cotton-
bagging is applied, of whatever material composed,
nv olo 1 " imPTd "Hder the Agnation of gun-
Xl ? i V aPPcllati°n, there shall be le-
vied a duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead
of the various duties imposed by the said act.
cloth"?m^n,StaT?'Vrn,!rd or floor oil-
flin i V• loth,n.ade°n Canton or cotton
flannel, other furniture oilcloth, oilcloth of linen
snk, or other materials used for hat covers aprons'
coach curtains, or similar purposes, and on'
ted oilcloths, there shall be levied a duty of thirty
per centum ad valorem, instead of the various dxl
ues imposed by the said act.
Ssv.i. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of September, in the year afore-
said, the duties imposed by the Ba,d act, upon the
