CONGRESSIONAL GLOSfc.
^61
articles hereinafter mentioned, shall be changed, mo-
dified, and reduced, in the manner following, that is
to say:
First. On iron, in bars or bolts, not manufactured,
in whole or in part, by rolling, there shall be levied
a duty of fifteen dollars per ton, instead of the duty
of seventeen dollars per ton imposed by the said
act; on bar or bolt iron, made wholly or in part by
rolling, there shall be levied a duty of twenty dol-
lars per ton, instead of the duty of twenty-five dol-
lars per ton imposed by the said act; on all iron im-
ported in bars for railroads, or inclined planes,
made to patterns, and fitted to be laid down as rails
upon such roads or planes, without further manu-
facture, there shall be levied a duty of ten dollars
per ton, instead of the duty of twenty-five dollars
per ton, imposed by the said act: Provided, That
upon the entry of any such railroad iron at any
custom-house of the United States, good and suffi-
cient bonds shall be given, with sureties to the sat-
isfaction of the collector of the customs receiving the
same, for the payment of the duty upon such iron
at the rate of twenty dollars per ton, the duty by
this act imposed upon other rolled bar iron, within
one year from the date of said bond, unless the
State, corporation, company, or individual obli-
gors on such bond shall, before the expiration
of the time allowed thereon for the payment
thereof, exhibit to the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, or to the collector of the customs taking
the bond, under such regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may, from time to time, pre-
scribe, satisfactory proof, m writing and upon oath,
that the said iron has been actually and permanent-
ly laid down upon the railroad or inclined plane
for which the same shall have been imported, as
shown by the entry of the said iron, and the bond
given to secure, the payment of the duties upon the
same, in which case, and in that only, the duty of
ten dollars per ton, hereby imposed upon such iron,
shall be received in full satisfaction and discharge of
every such bond; but in case of failure to make such
proof to the satisfaction of the said Secretary, or of
the proper collector of the customs, as the case may
be, within the time hereby limited for the making
thereof, the full duty of twenty dollars per ton upon
the said ironshallbe demanded and paid, in thesamo
manner as if the said bond had been given without
any other condition than the payment of the said
full duties at the expiration of every such bond.
Second. On iron in pigs, there shall be levied a
duty of seven dollars per ton, instead of the duty of
nine dollars per ton imposed by the said act; on
vessels of cast iron, not otherwise specified; glazed
or tin hollow ware and castings; sad irons or smooth-
ing irons; hatters' and tailors' pressing irons; oast
iron butts or hinges; iron or steel wire, described
in the said act as not exceeding No. 14; over No.
14 and not exceeding No. 25; and over No. 25, sil-
vered or plated wire; round or square iron, or brazens
rods of three-sixteenths to ten-sixteenths of an inch
in diameter, inclusive; iron in nail or spike rods, or
nail plates; slit, rolled, and hammered iron, "in sheets,
except taggus iron, hoop iron, iron slit, rolled or ham-
mered for band iron, scroll iion, or casement rods;
iron cables, or chains, or parts thereof, manufactured
in whole or in part, of whatever diameter, the links
being of the form peculiar to chains for cables; all
other chains of iron not otherwise specified, the
links being either twisted or straight, and, when
straight, of greater length than those used in chains
for cables; anchors, or parts of anchors, manufac-
tured in whole, or in part; anvils, blacksmiths' ham-
mers, and sledges; cut or wrought iron spikes; cut
iron nails; wrought iron nails; axletrees, or parts
thereof; mill irons and mill cianks of wrought iron;
wrought iron for ships, locomotives, and steam en-
ffines; iron chains, other than chain cables; steam,
g<;s, or water tubes, or pipes, made of band oi
rolled iron; and tacks, brads, and sprigs,—there shall
be levied a duty of thiity per centum ad valorem,
instead of the various duties imposed by the said
act; and the last clause of the second proviso to the
second subdivision of the fourth section of the said
act, which imposes an additional duty of fifteen per
centum ad valorem upon the cost, of the articles
embraced therein, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Third. On all old or scrap iron there shall be
levied a duty of six dollars per ton, instead of tne
duty of ten dollars per ton imposed by the said
act.
Fourth. On screws made of iron, caned wood
screws, brass screws, and brass battery or ham-
mered kettles, there shall be levied a duty of thirty
per centum ad valorem, instead of the various du-
ties imposed by the said act.
Fifth. On all steel in bars, except cast, shear, and
German steel, there shall be levied a duty of one
dollar and fifty cents for one hundred and twelve
pounds, instead of the duty of two dollars and fifty
ty cents imposed by the said act; on solid headed
pins, and all other package pins, and on pound pins,
there shall be levied a duty fof thirty per centum ad
valorem, instead of the various duties imposed by
the said act.
Sixth. On japanned ware of all kinds, or papier
mache, and plated and gilt wares of all kinds, cutlery
of all kinds, and all other manufactures not other-
wise specified, made of brass, iron, steel, copper,
pewter, lead, or tin, or of which either of these
metals is a component material, there shall be levied
a duty of twenty-five per centum ad valorem, in-
stead of the duty of thirty per centum imposed by
the said act.
Seventh. On lead in pigs and bars, old and scrap
lead, leaden pipes, leaden shot, and lead in sheets,
or in any other form not herein specified, there shall
be levied a duty of twenty-five per centum ad va-
lorem, instead of the various duties imposed by the
said act.
Eighth. On silver plated metal in sheets, argentine,
alaljata, or German silver, in sheets or otherwise un-
manufactured, and on manufactures of German
silver, bell metal, zinc and bronze, there shall be
levied a duty of twenty per centum ad valorem, in-
stead of the duty of thirty per centum imposed by
the said act.
Ninth. On coal, there shall be levied a duty of one
dollar per ton, instead of the duty of one dollar
and seventy-five cents per ton imposed by the
said act; and on coke, or culm of coal, there shall be
levied a duty of thirty per cent, ad valorem, instead
of the duty of five cents per bushel imposed by the
said act.
Sec. 5. .Ind be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of September, in the year afore-
said, tho duties imposed by the said act upon the
articles hereinafter mentioned, shall be changed, mod-
ified, and reduced, in the manner following—that is
to say.
First. On all vessels or wares, articles and man-
ufactures of cut glass, cut glass chandeliers, candle-
sticks, lustres, lenses, lamps, prisms, and parts of
the same and all drops, icicles, spangles, and orna-
ments used for mountings; and on all articles or
manufactures of plain, moulded, or pressed glass,
whether stappencd or the bottoms ground or pun-
ticed or not, there shall be levied a duty of thirty per
centum ad valorum, instead of the various duties im-
posed by the said act.
Second. On all apothecaries' vials and bottles not
exceeding the capacity of sixteen ounces each, and
on all perfumery and fancy vials and bottles not ex-
ceeding the capacity of sixteen ounces each, there
shall be levied a duty of thirty per centum ad valo-
rem, instead of the various duties imposed by the
said act.
Third. On all black and green glass bottles and
jars, and on all demijohns and carboys, there shall
be levied a duty of thirty per centum ad valorem,
instead of the various duties imposed by the said
act.
Fourth. On all cylinder or broad window-glass,
and on all crown window glass, there shall be levied
a duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of
the various duties imposed by the said act. On all
polished plate glass, whether imported as window
glass, or however otherwise specified, not silvered,
there shall be levied a duty of twenty per centum ad
valorem, instead of the various duties imposed by
the said at t; and if silvered, there shall be levied a
duty of twenty-five per centum ad valorem; and if
silvered and framed, there shall be levied a duty of
thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of the duties
imposed by the said act; and the second proviso to
the fourth subdivision of the fifth section of the said
act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and
on all porcelain glass, glass colored, or paintings on
glass, and on all articles or manufactures ofglass, or
of which glass shall be the component material of
chief value, and not otherwise specified, there shall
be levied a duty of twenty per centum ad valorem,
instead of the various duties imposed by the said
act.
Fifth. On China ware, porcelain ware, earthen
ware, stone ware, and all other ware, composed of
enrth or mineral substances, and not otherwise spe-
cified, whether gilt, painted, printed, plain, or glazed,
there shall be levied a duty of twenty per centum ad
valorem, instead of the duty of thirty per centum im-
posed by the said act.
Sixth. On tanned, sole, or bend.Jeather, all upper
leather not otherwise specified, calf and seal skins,
tanned and dressed, sheep skins, tanned and dressed,
or skivers, goat skins, or morocco tanned or dressed,
kid skins, or morocco tanned or dressed, goat
or sheep skins, tanned and not dressed, and all
kid and lamb skins, tanned and not dressed, skins
tanned and dressed otherwise than in color, to wit:
fawn, kid, and lamb, usually known as chamois,
there shall be levied a duty of twenty-five per cent-
um ad valorem, instead of tho various duties im-
posed by the said act; on men's boots and bootees of
leather, wholly or partially manufactured; on men's
shoes or pumps, wholly or partially manufactured;
women's boots or bootees, wholly or- partially man-
ufactured; children's boots, bootees, and shoes,
wholly or partially manufactured; women's double
soled pumps or welts, wholly or partially maufae-
tured; women's shoes or slippers, wholly or partial-
ly manufactured, whether of leather, 'prunella, or
other material, except silk, there shall be levied a
duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of the
various duties imposed by the said act.
Seventh. On men's leather gloves, women's leath-
er habit gloves, children's leather habit gloves, wo-
men's extra and demi-length leather gloves, chil-
dren's extra and demi-length leather gloves, there
shall be levied a duty of twenty-five per centum ad
valorem, instead of the various duties imposed by
the said by the said act; on leather caps or hats,
leather braces or suspenders, and all other braces
or suspenders, of whatever materials composed, ex-
cept India-rubber, and on leather bottles, patent
leather, and on all other manufactures of leather, or
of which leather is a component material of chief
value, not otherwise specified, there shall be levied a
duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of the
duty of thirty-five per centum imposed by the said
act.
Eighth. On fur hats, caps, muffs, tippets, and
other manufactures of fur not specified, there shall
be, levied a duty of thirty per centum ad valorem,
instead of the duty of thirty-five per centum im-
posed by the said act; and on hats of wool, and hat
bodies or felts, made in whole or in part of wool,
there shall be levied a duty of thirty per centum ad
valorem, instead of the duty of eighteen cents each,
imposed by the said act.
Ninth. On huts and bonnets for men, women, and
children, from Panama, Manilla, Leghorn, Naples,
or elsewhere, composed of satin, strow, chip, grass,
palmlcaf, rattan, willow, or any other vegeUible sub-
stance, or of hair, whalebone, or any other material
not otherwise specified, there shall be levied a duty
of twenty-five per centum ad valorem, instead of
the duty of thirty-five per centum imposed by the
said act.
Tenth. On feathers for beds, and on down of all
Jdnds, on India-rubber oilcloth, webbing, shoes,
braces, suspenders, or other fabrics or manufactured
articles composed wholly or in part of India-rubber;
on all clocks, and on crystals of glass for watches,
and on glass or pebbles for spectacles or eyeglasses,
■when not set, there shall be levied a duty of twenty
per centum ad valorem, instead of the various du-
ties imposed by the said act; and so much of the
proviso to the tenth subdivision of the fifth section
of the said act as directs the valuation of certain In-
dia-rubber suspenders or braces at two dollors per
dozen, and an assessment of the duty upon such val-
uation, shall be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Eleventh. On paving tiles and bricks there shall be
levied a duty of fifteen per ecntum ad mlorem, in-
stead of the duty of twenty-five per centum im-
posed by the said act; on metal buttons there shall
be levied a duty of twenty-five per centum ad valo-
rem, instead of the duty of thirty per centum im-
posed by the said act; on all other buttons, and on
all button moulds, of whatever material composed,
there shall be levied a duty of twenty per centum
ad valorem, intead of the, duty of twenty-five per cen-
tum imposed by the said act; and the first proviso
to the twelfth subdivision of the fifth section of the
said act, shall be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. Jlnd he it further enacted, That from and
aftei* the first day of September, m the year afore-
said, the duties imposed by the said net, upon the
articles hereinafter mentioned, shall be changed,
modified, and reduced in the manner following—that
is to say:
On white or red leads, litharge, acetate or chro-
mate of lead, dry or ground m oil; on whiting or
Paris white; and on all ochres, or ochry earths,
