Congressional gloM.
On motion of Mr. ROBERT SMITH,
Ordered,, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rial of the heirs of John Cook.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the case of Francis
Sommeraner, accompanied by a bill for his relief:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. CULLOM, from the same committee, made
a report upon the petition of D. A. W. Bodley, ac-
companied by a biil for his relief: referred to the
Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. JACOB BRIN K-ERHOFF, from the same
committee, made an- adverse report upon the peti-
tion of John Martin: laid on the table.
Mr. HUNGERFORD reported the following
bills:
A bill relative to the compensation of members of
Congress or Delegates from Territories, and of cer-
tain officers, and'for other purposes; and
A bill to equalize and fix the compensation of the
chiefs of certain bureaus, and for other purposes:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. HUNGERFORD, from the Select Commit-
tee on Retrenchment, reported adversely to the pe-
titions of citizens of Tippecanoe county, in the
State of Indiana, for the abolition of the office of
chaplain in all the departments of the government.
Mr. SIMONS, from the select commiuce to dis-
cover the cost, and to examine whether any frauds
or'collusions have occurred in the engraving, litho-
graphing, and printing of maps oidered or executed
by order of the 2Gth and 27th Congi esses, made a re-
port thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, without amend-
ment, the bill requiring one of the judges of the cir-
cuit court of the District of Columbia to reside 111 the
city of Alexandria, with a recommendation ill favor
of its passage. _ <
The bill was accordingly read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee, on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Messrs.
Langtree & Jenkins; which was read twice, and re-
feried to the Committee of the Whole House, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow; and the
accompanying report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT reported a bill for the establishment
of a bureau of statistics; which w as read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
The following bills, after having been ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, were severally read
the third time, and passed:
The bill for the relief John B. Schuyler; and
The bill for the relief of William Glover.
Mr. CAVE JOJHNSON moved a reconsideration
of the vote on the passage of this bill for the relief
of John B. Schuyler, and called for the reading of
the report in that case; which was read.
Mr. J. made a few observations m opposition to
the bill.
The question was then put On the reconsideration;
which was carried.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill—
Mr. C. JOHNSON made some further remarks
in opposition to the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD, after a fe\y remarks, moved
to postpone the further consideration of the bill for
the present; which was agreed to.
The bill for the relief of George W. and Reuben
Allen was taken up on its third reading.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON made a few remarks m
opposition to tins bill.
Messrs. SAMPLE and DAVIS replied in defence
of the claim.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN also spoke in support of
the bill, and 111 reply to Mr. C. .loiivsojr.^
The question was then put on the third readinsr
of the bill; which was decided m the affirmative,
and the bill read the third tune and passed.
The bill for the relief of John Mailings, on its
third reading, was opposed by Mr. J. BlllNK-
ERHOFF, and supported by Messrs. I HUAIl -
SON and TUCKER; was ordered to be en-
grossed, and then read the third time and passed.
The following bills, after being ordered to be en-
grossed, were severally read the third time and
The bill for the relief of James C. Hallock. •
A bill to refund a fine imposed on the late Antho-
ny Haswell, under the sedition law, to his legal
heirs and representatives.
A bill for the relief of Thompson Hutchinson.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones and
others.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved a reconsideration
of the vote on the passage of the bill for the relief of
James C. Hallock.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS made some remarks in oppo-
sition to the motion for reconsideration, when the
question was put, and it was rejected.
The House took up the hill for the relief of
Thomas Harrison; but before it was disposed of,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. HARALSON: The petition of Lyddall
Estes, praying for a pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. STETSON: Additional evidence in the
case of Thomas Badger: referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: A memorial, signed
by several hundred citizens of Philadelphia, asking
Congress to grant an appropriation for a dry dock
at the navy yaid at that port. Also, a memorial
praying Congress to revive the act of 1837, granting
pensions to the widows and infant children of per-
sons dying in the naval service of the United States.
By Mr. DODGE of Iowa: The preamble and
joint resolutions adopted by the legislature of Iowa
at its last session, requesting him to uige upon Con-
gress the justice and propriety of paying the claims
of the citizens of that Territory for services rendered,
and expenses incurred by them m resisting the at-
tempts of the State of Missouri to take possession
of a portion of the country within the limits of Iowa:
referred to the Committee on the Militia. A me-
morial from the same body, asking ail appropriation
to pay the debts of previous legislatures: referred to
the Committee of Ways and'Means. A memorial
from the same body, representing that the mail facil-
ities from the States east of the Mississippi river to
the Territory of Iowa, and particularly the cross
mail from Galena to the interior of Iowa, is, and
has been, inadequate to the wants of the people of
that section of the country, and urgently asking to
have a weekly mail established, to be carried in
post coaches from the city of Galena, in the State of
Illinois, to Iowa City, the capital of Iowa Territory:
refrned to the Committee on the Post Offn c and
Post Roads. A joint resolution of the same body,
asking the establishment of a post-route from Nau-
voo, Illinois, to Montrose, Iowa: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office an J Post Roads. A
joint resolution of the same body, asking Congress
to defray the expenses of a treaty with the Potta-
wattamie Indians, and asking the removal of the
Missouri, Sac and Fox, and Iowa Indians: referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. A memorial
from the same body, requesting then delegate to use
his best exeitions to obtain the establishment of the
following mail-routes: From Washington, in Wash-
ington county, to ICeokuek court-house; thence to
Mahaska court-bouse; from Brighton, m Washing-
ton county, by way of Kjc.hland, in Keokuck coun-
ty, to Mahaska court-house; from Fox Post Office
in Van Buren county, via the, county seat of Davis
county, to the centre of Appenooce county; from
Fairfield, via Agency City, Ottuniwa, Eddyville, to
the Six Mile Piaine, in Mahaska county; from
Fairfield to Mahaska < ourt-liouse; trom Blooming-
ton, via Moscow, Tipton, Franklin, to Marion, in
Linn county: referred Lu the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. A memorial fiom the same
body, representing that at their last session an act
was passed incorporating the Jackson County Acad-
emy, at the town of Andrew, m the county of Jack-
son, the object of which was to establish a perma-
nent and well-conducted institution for the instruc-
tion of youth m the various depaitinents ofleaniing,
and to disseminate useful knowledge throughout the
community, and praying Congress to grant to said
institution a township, or thirty-six sections of good
land, for its endowment: reieiied to the Committee
on Public Lands. A memorial from the same body,
praying Congress so to amend the pre-emption laws
as to "grant the right of pre-emption to those who
may have settled upon the public lands prior to
then- survey: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
By Mr. R. SMITH: The memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Illinois, praying a re-
duction in the rates of letter postage, and showing
the gross injustice, as well as the injudicious policy,
of the present rates of postage: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and or-
dered to be printed.
By Mr. CARROLL: The petition of W. M.
Brown, and 45 others; the petition of E. R.
Hammet, and 47 others; the petition of Joel Gray,
and 42 others,—all of Livingston county, NewYork,
praying for the abolition of the franking privilege,
and that the rates of postage may he greatly reduced.
The petition of David Warner, and U7 outers, citi-
zens of Ontario county, New York, and of 11)2 in-
habitants of Albion, in the State of Michigan, asking
for the abolition or modification of the franking
privilege, and a reduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: The petition of
numerous citizens of Massac county, Illinois,-
praying the establishment of a mail route from,
Salem in Kentucky, via Elizabethtown, to Equality,
in the State of Illinois: which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of
Rufus Colton, and sundry others, praying for a mail
route from Chicago to Albany, viaBabcock's Grove,
St. Charles, and Coltonville." The petition of A. B.
Wadworth, and sundry others, praying for a mail
route from Chicago to Roscoe, via Amazon and
Hunter.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of the widow
and heirs of John B. Chandona of St. Joseph county,
Indiana, praying compensation m land for services
rendered during" the last war by the said Chandona.
Correction.—The following amendment offered
yesterday to the Military Academy bill by Mr. Da-
ms of Indiana, was accidentally omitted m our re-
port of yesterday's proceedings.
Provided, That the sum heretofore annually ex-
pended in support of the Military Academy be ex-
pended under the direction ot the Secretary of War
in teaching regular military discipline to the volun-
teer citizen-soldiery of the several Slates.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satcroav, March 9, 1844.
COMMITTEE ON THE VIRGINIA RESOLU-
TIONS.
The Spearkr has appointed the following gen-
tlemen to compose the select committee on the reso-
lutions of the legislature of Viiginia, expressing its
opinion of certain resolutions of the legislature of
Mas-'Mehusetts: Messrs. Dromgoolf, Rhf.tt, Bovd,
Ai i'ut, Rkpinr, Strong, Brengle, Robfuts, and
< '■ iv-(■ ii.
THE RHODE ISLAND MEMORIAL.
Mr. RATHBUN, who was entitled to the floor
during the morning hour on this subject, com-
menced by recapitulating the obseivations he made
yesteiday in the couise of the few minutes he was
allowed to address the House; and particularly re-
calling the attention of the House to the solemn
declarations of the gentleman from Rhode island,
[Mr. Cranstox,] for the truth of which that gen-
tleman appealed to Iieaven, and expressed his rea-
diness to take a sacred oath. The gentleman from
Rhode Island solemnly asserted that there was
scarcely a truth m the memorial from the twenty-
six members of the Rhode, Island legislature, whose
democracy he also denied, while he pioclaimed him-
self to be a Jeffersoman democrat; and those decla-
rations, and that professed democracy, he (Mr. R.)
would proceed to examine.
He then, by quotations from the works of Jef-
ferson, and the declaration of rights which, by the
constitution of Vinginia, formed a part ot it, and
other publications, showed what .TelTersomaii democ-
racy was, and how it contrasted with the principles
and practice of the gentleman from llhode Island.
Jefferson held that the majority of tin; people had
the right to alter, amend, or abolish any form of
government under which they lived; and in that
view the gentleman from Rhode, Island was not a
Jeflersonian democrat. This principle whs incorpo-
rated in the constitutions of seventeen States of this
Union—Maine, Connecticut, Vermont, Pennsylva
nia, Maryland, Delaware, Virgin,a, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Oluo, Indiana, Mississippi, Illinois, Ala
bama, Michigan, and Arkansas. In the State of New
York no such declaration was deemed necessary,
either m their constitution or the bill of rights: they
fell back beyond constitutions which organize
States, upon the unalienable and natural rights of
