378
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
The Tariff—Mr. Owen.
to buy dear goods of lam, instead of buying cheap
goods from others. And a Whig Congress, follow-
ing the example of Parliament, is induced to decree
(if not without reference to revenue, certainly far
beyond its limits) that cheap goods brought from
other countries shall be shut out from the American
market, or so heavily taxed as to come up. to the
price, which the favored manufacturer here sees fit
to ask for his. This is called protection against
foreign aggression.
An anecdote which I have somewhere read seems
to me aptly to illustrate the justice of the proceeding.
An old ladjr had an awkward chimney, that re-
q aired sweeping; and 3he engaged the services of
a distinguished professor of the sooty art. The
chimney was high and narrow and crooked; but
what difficulties will not science and ingenuity over-
come? The chimney-sweep, like other great invent-
ors, had a long-cherished scheme in his head; and
that seemed the auspicious moment to carry it out.
"Madam," said he, "this is my plan. I will tie a
rope to the legs of a large, stout goose, and drag the
bird down your chimney; it will flap its wings as it
descends, and thus effectually sweep it out."—"But,"
said the lady—she was a kind old soul—"the poor
goose! what a cruel thing for it!" The man of
ropes and brushes was posed for a moment; but
true gonius is never without resource. "Madam,"
said he, unconsciously adopting the very words
of a celebrated ancient philosopher, under sim
liar circumstances: "I have found it!" "Well?"
said the lady.—"If your ladyship thinks it would be
cruel to drag a goose down the chimney—a couple
of ducks might do just as well!"
The protection of a tariff seems to me of a piece
with the humanity of the chimney-sweep. The
landed proprietor in England, the manufacturing
capitalist in America, complain to their respective
governments, that their rents and profits will suffer
grievously by a reduction of duties. That is the
case of the goose. Parliament and Congress, at the
instance of this small class of sellers, decree, by
way of relieving them, that the numerous class of
buyers shall suffer in their stead. That is, very
clearly, the case of the ducks.
JvTow, let our sympathies be enlisted on one side
or the other, it must at least be confessed, that this
is rather a singular mode of protecting rights. When
a man seeks to pick mv pocket of twenty dollars, i
very properly demand, "that the. law should protect
my pocket. But when I ask a legislative body to'
take twenty dollars out of my neighbor's pocket
and put it into mine, it would be a somewhat un-
intelligible mode of phrasing my request to say, that
I desired to have the twenty dollars protected into
my pocket. Protected in my pocket, that one can
understand; but protected into it! The very gram-
mar of our language rises up in judgment against a
doctrine like that.
To this, of course, there is a reply. When did
privilege ever lack specious argument to back her
pretensions?
The reply is, that a protective tariff picks nobody's
pocket; nobody's, at least, in this country. The
doctrine of the advocates of protection—the stereo-
typed doctrine,—ihe great tortoise upon which the
entire world of their theory reposes—is, that "a
tariff tax does not raise, to the consumer, the price
of the article taxed." And by way of explaining
an assertion which somewhat shocks the sense of
plain men, they add, (to employ the words of one
of their most eloquent advocates,) that "by shuttm°-
out foreign competition, the home manufacturer, hav-
ing a larger and more secure market, can afford to
produce cheaper, and will do so." So can the Eng-
lish corn-law-protectcd wheat-grower, having tlTe
market to himseif, afford to sell cheaper than if for-
eign competition were freely permitted. But it is
contrary to all experience, that to restrict competi-
tion is an effectual method of causing those who' are
privileged by the restriction to lower their prices.
Three hundred years ago, Queen Elizabeth granted
to ccrtai'i corporations ill England the exclusive
right to manufacture salt; and history tells us, that
they raised the price of that indispensable article
from 16 penre to 14 or 15 shillings; upwards of ten
foul! one of t!:f' most striking facts recorded in the
coiin'?rcial hiytory of ihc world! yet these patentees,
iiavuiir a whole nation to supply, had a market
large anc. ^cu'-q enough to be a cheap one; if that
De the condition of cheapness. A class of men
privileged by a protective tariff obtain a sort of char-
tered monopoly; on a v<ry extended scale indeed
and for that reason, with less power of mischief- just
as a dose of arsenic, in a hogshead of water, loses
April, 1844,
H. of Reps.
its deadly effect by dilution. But as each cupful of
that water still retains some portion of the poisonous
quality, so dots monopoly, however diluted, re-
main, in principle though with lessened effect, mo-
nopoly still. It is not the price a monopolist can
afford to sell at, it is the price he canget, that regu-
lates an exclusive market.
To fifty other similar sophisms, the good sense of
the people may safely be trusted to suggest reply.
When the manufacturing capitalist, seeking to in-
crease his profits, reiterates, in speech and tract and
periodical, this favorite absurdity, that a tariff tax
imposed on an article causes no increase in its price,
what answer will that good sense commonly sug-
gest' A very simple and straightforward one; as
thus:
"But as that tax is actually paid, some one must
pay it. If five cents go into the treasury for every
yard of foreign calico sold to us, that five cents must
come out of somebody's pocket. Out of the Eng-
lish calico-printer's, perhaps1 Be it so. Then it
becomes to him, in our market, part of the prime
cost of his calico. If he cannot afford to pay that
five cents, and if, for that reason, he cease to sell to
us, all revenue from that source is destroyed. But
if he continue to sell to us, then it is clear, that he
gets from us his own first cost of production, his
own profit, and the tariff tax besides."
Thus will plain men reason; and most logically
reason, too. The condition upon which alone per-
manent commerce can exist, is, that the seller shall
obtain from the buyer some profit, over and above
the entire cost of the article sold, including all ex-
penses, be they freight, insurance, exchange, a tariff
tax, or any other outlay of capital. If a law be passed
which raises any one class of these expenses, the
direct and inevitable effect is, as a general rule, to
raise prices To deny this, is to deny that the buy-
er pays expenses on the article he buys. It is an
outrageon common sense.
It is e ,sy to throw dust in some men's eyes; and
to persuade shallow thinkers of any absurdity.
The wonderful improvements in modern machi-
nery cause the pnc.es of manufacmr-d articles
perpetually and rapidly to decline. When an in-
creased tariff just arrests this fall ofprices, the fact
is taken to prove, that to laise the tariff is not to in-
crease the price. Or, perhaps, some caprice of the
market—and a spoilt child is not more full of whims
than the market is—may be brought up to show,
that at the very time the tariff on a particular article
was raised, the price of that article remained sta-
tionary or fell. All general rules have their excep-
tions; but the rule in this case is as clear, as that a
man cannot make a living by selling goods under
first cost.
To evade these honie truths, some assert, that an
increased tariff tax "is paid solely out of the profits
of the merchant." To be consistent, they should
assert also, that if freights were to become double
what they are, or domestic exchanges were to run
up to 10 or 15 per rent, as in 1839, nay if manufac-
turers were to put thirty or forty per cent, add tion-
al on every article they manufactxred, all this
would not raise the price to the customer who
bought the goods, but only cut down the orofits of
the merchant who sold them. But that (it will be
said)' is grossly absurd, contrary to daily experience,
ami no man of common sagacity will believe it.'
Very well. Then why believe the assertion, no
whit more absurd, that the particular item of cost
paid to the government and called a tariff tax does
not add to the price of the article taxed? '
And then, if this bare-faced piece of sophistry
were actually true, what would become of the theo-
ly of protection? if a tariff does not raise prices
or as some Don Quixotes of the protective theory
will have it, if it lower piiees, by what leo-erde-
nuun, I pray you, does it favor home industry?
VY hat is the complaint of the manufacturer? Is it
that men insist upon paying him too high prices for
his goods- and does his conscience compel him to
ask for a high tariff, in order to reduce them? Has
he been moving Heaven and Earth, appealing to
the public through a thousand periodical?, besieginc
the halls of Congress with ten thousand pet.tions*
all to cut down his own prices, or, at best, to leave
them just where they were, neither higher nor low-
er.' Do men—classes of men whose avowed busi-
ness it is to buy cheap and sell dear—do such
men toil day and night, rise early and sit late, ran-
sack their brains for schemes of commercial restric-
tion, at the prompting of motives like that'
"To lan^h were want of goodness and of grace-
But to be grave exceeds all power of '
Apart from such considerations, however, the
flimsy absurdity of this doctrine--too childish for
serious refutation, but th.it name* of repute are
among its advocates—is clearly apparent in an ex-
treme case. Tobacco is worth, in the New Orleans
market, some five cents a pound; or fifty dollars per
hogshead of a thousand pounds. The duty on that
article by the present British tariff is seventy-two
cents a pound, or seven hundred and twenty dollars
a hogshead. According to the theory of the pro-
tectionist, this tariff tax on tobacco imported into
England is paid either by the foreign producer—in
this case the American tobacco raiser—or it comes
out of the profits of the importing merchant; it is not
paid by the British consumer of the weed. Does it
come out of the pocket of the tobacco planter? Does
he receive fifty dollars per hogshead for his tobacco,
and lose seven hundred and twenty dollars per hogs*
head, expenses on it? It must be a wonderful busi-
ness, this tobacco planting, and men must grow
marvellously rich by following it, at that rate! Or
is the British merchant the loser by it? Does he pay
five cents a pound for it in the New Orleans market,
and seventy-two cents a pound to his own govern-
ment, and then turn round and sell it to his custom-
ers for a moderate advance on five cents a pound,
without any reference to the seventy-two cents duty,
which modern theorists assure him is to be deducted
from his own profits and is not to raise the price of
the article to those who buy of him? That would
be a novel method of doing business! And it would
require some ingenuity to calculate, how large a for-
tune a merchant must have, before he could afford
to engage in the patriotic and self-sacrificing em-
ployment of retailing at seven or eight cents a pound
tobacco that cost him seventy-seven!
But who, m very deed, pavs the tobacco tax im-
posed by the British tariff?" Who? The same, who
pays the window-tax and the bread-tax and a
thousand others beside; the same, from whose capa-
cious pocket are taken, year after year, two hundred
;uid fifty millions of dollars, to pamper a king and
pension an aristocracy; John Bull, the patient, the
enduring, the tax-paying; he, every time he smokes
a cigar, or inhales a pinch of snuff, or indulges in a
quid of tobacco—he, and he alone, pays it. His gov-
ernment levies the tax, and upon him—not upo  the
American planter, not upon the importing or retail-
ing merchant,—but upon him, the consumer, falls
the enormous duty. Try to persuade him that his
tobacco would be no cheaper, if fieed from the tariff
tax. Explain to him that pretty theory of our
American protectionists. You may spare yourself
the trouble. John Bull is loyal and eiedulous, and
it is no very difficult matter, in ordinary cases, to
cast dust in his eyes; but, for any thing so palpably
absurd, he has a little too much lisrd sense, to swal-
low that.
In this case, the fallacy of the doctrine stands
foi th in the extreme; in the case of a protective-
tariff tax of forty or fifty per cent, on cotton or
woollen goods, it appears in the degree only; but ill
both, the principle is identical.
An objector still replies, perhaps, that the cases
are so far dissimilar, that tobacco is not grown in
England, and thus domestic competition in the arti-
cle does not exist. Suppose tobacco were grown
there: what, then, would be the result? Either the
English-grown tobacco must then fetch seventy-seven
cents a pound, or else no importer could afford to
pay the seventy-two cents duty- In the latter case
the revenue would be wholly lost. In the former
cose, besides the tax actually obtained by govern-
ment, another tax would be paid by the tobacco
consumer, not into the treasury, but into the pockets
of the tobacco raiser, or rather of the owners of to-
bacco-growing lands; they would obtain ten times
the real value of their produce. The British tariff
tax on wheat is a practical illustration precisely in
point. That article is grown in the country, and
domestic competition exists. The annual produce
of wheat in Great Britain and Ireland, accoiding to
the latest authorities, is about one hundred and
twenty-five million bushels a year. (uYote 3.) Its
average price, which used to be nearly two dollars
and a quarter a bushel, has, for the last twelve
years, been a dollar and seventy-five cents. We of
the western country could supply the English mar-
ket with wheat, worth seventy-five cents at home,
for a dollar and a quarter; or, leave ten cents as an
additional margin, and say a dollar thirty-five cents.
£ ree trade in corn, then, might be expected to brino-
wheat down at least forty cents a bushel in England"
We may consider the British consumer, therefore,
as taxed by tlie corn laws forty cents per bushel on
