ars4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man-—a light which was recognised in all places
where the people were held to be the source of
power.
He nextproceeded to say, that when a witness
on the stand, m a court of justice, made one state-
ment that was found to be erroneous, it operated to
throw discredit on all his other statements; and if
the gentlamen from Rhode Island was found to be
in error on any point, he could not expect that he
would be held entitled to full credibility in his other
assertions. The gentleman from Rhode Island pro-
fessed to be a Jeffersonian democrat, and yet he
struck at the foundation on which democracy rests.
Mr. CRANSTON explained. He said he did
not deny the right of revolution to the people:
he did not deny the right of the people to change
the form of their government when it was adminis-
tered contrary to the principle on which it was es-
tablished, or when it was oppressive, and could not
be endured; but he did not admit that they could
change it as often as they pleased, without law,
against, law, and without any causc.
Mr. RATHBUN thanked the gentleman for the
explanation; bat he had so understood the gentle-
man before, substantially. The gentleman from
Rhode Island would not admit the right of the peo-
ple to alter, amend, or abolish then- constitution,
without the consent of the legislature; but he (Mr
R.) asserted that they had the right, in the exercise
of an original, inherent power, which overrode all
law. The gentleman from Rhode Island might call
that revolution, or ultra democracy; but it was what
he (Mr. R.) held to be the right of the people. And
who but the people should judge when a govern-
ment was oppressive, and odious, and despotic?
Who should say that the time had come when it
should be endured no longer—the people or the gen-
tleman from Rhode island? Or should it be left to
the law-making power, by which the people were
oppressed and ground down? What was the, gentle-
man's Jeffersonian democracy?
He proceeded to notice some declarations made
by the gentleman from Rhode Island in reference to
Go\ernor Dorr, and some subsequent corrections of
what the gentleman admitted to have been said
Tinder much excitement. The gentleman from
Rhode Island admitted that Governor Dorr was an
honest man, but he objected to his visionary theo-
ries in relation to universal suffrage, and the right
of the people to change and alter the form of their
government. lie also alluded to the gentleman's
declaration, that, for the new constitution, names were
found as voters, of men who had been long dead, and
of many who were in Ireland.
Some explanations were made by Mr. CRAN-
STON. 1
Mr. RATHBUN then resumed.
But the gentleman had told them that there was
not a word of truth contained in the memorial; that
he would like to see the twenty-six men who signed
it, brought before him, for that they would not dare
to hold up their heads in support of the charges
which they had there set forth. They had raised
their heads in the legislature of their own State; they
had raised their heads in favor of the constitution
adopted by the people; but they dared not raise their
heads, forsooth, in the august presence of the gentle-
man from Rhode Island; they would quail before
the majesty of his countenance, and the strong arm
of his power, and not dale to raise their heads for
fear of encountering the. awful frown of a gentleman
who had grossly insulted th<m as well as the State
m which they reside.
The gentleman had said to the House that he
would like to see Governor Dorr brought here; but
that it was not quite convenient for him to come.
And why was it not convenient? Why did not the
gentleman tell the House why' He would tell
them, as the gentleman had not done so. It was
because, by the strong arm of the law, arbitrarily
exercised, by the triumph of power o\er the peo-
ple's rights, he had been plunged into a den prepared
lor felons.
Mr. CRANSTON rose to make an explanation,
but 1
Mr. RATHBUN refused to yield the floor.
Governor Dorr had not come here, because he
was enclosed within prison walls; and for what
cause was he so imprisoned^ Because he was in
favor of the adoption of the people's constitution.
Because he entertained the radical opinion, and ex-
pressed that opinion, that the people, had a right to
change their constitution and form of government;
aii5 'i°cause pe°ple, in the exercise of the right
which the God of nature had given them, had chosen
him to preside over them. It was for this that he
was deprived of his liberty; not by the power of
Rhode Island alone, but backed by a power from the
arsenals of this government, in the shape of ball and
, buckshot He fell under the despotic power of
that government which he had served. He fall as
others had fallen-—fighting to maintain the people's
rights—to maintain the doctrines of the whole body
of the people, except those who had hitherto main-
tained the unpopular and unnatural doctrine that the -
government has all the power, the people none.
Why, if Washi^gton or Jefferson, or the patriots
who signed the declaration of independence, had fall-
en into the hands of the sovereign whose laws they
were setting at defiance, they would have been treat-
ed as Mr. Dorr is treated; and they would not have
been upon the floor of Parliament to bear testimony
as to the purity and honesty of their intentions.
But the gentleman said, if Mr. Dorr had had pa-
tience, he might have been upon this floor. If he
had been patient! Yes, if he had been content to let
the government of Rhode. Island go on under the
charter of Charles the Second, grinding the people to
the dust, he might have been honored with the priv-
ilege of representing that people upon this floor.
Mr. R. then proceeded to enumerate the charges
embraced in the memorial, which the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Cranston] had asserted
were false from beginning to end; and combated
his assertion.
After dwelling on this portion of the picture, he
would not, to be sure, like to talk on it as long as
the honorable gentleman said he -wished to do—five
iiours;—but he should like to have time to spread
many materials which he had in his possession be-
fore the gentleman and the House. He would,
however, read for his benefit one clause in the "con-
stitution of the people," about which so much had
been said. One clause of it provided that the gen-
eral assembly should not have the power to con-
tract State debts to an amount exceeding $50,000,
without the consent of the people. Another clause
provided for the establishment of a school fund.
Here (said Mr. R.) is a sample of the plunderers
and robbers who wanted to' seize upon the property
of the rich men, who shouldered their muskets, and
went out in the rain, with their coachmen and shoe-
blacks. Here was a constitution giving a better
protection to property than was to be found in that
of any other State in the Union. Now, he had
something to say about the charges of the gentle-
man, to show who were the freemen of Rhode
Island. When the revolution took place, and the
States of this Union became free from foreign do-
minion; when, from tyranny, liberty leaped into
life; when monarchy was driven from the rest of the
land, it found a hiding-place in Rhode Island, nes-
tled there, and preserved the last remnant of kingly
power on this continent. That people—who fought
as bravely, and suffered as much, as any other of
the old thirteen States—alone, in the whole galaxy,
found no relief from the oppressions which drove
them to arms. The monarch, it was true, was driv-
en away; but in his place came the charter of
Charles II—the dissolute tyrant, who, aiV-r wreak-
ing his vengeance on the Dorrs of England, sent
abroad his vile instrument, Jeffreys, Vho, after
shedding torrents of blood, regretted, like Nero,
that he had not a hundred heads to strike off at one
blow. Among the victims of that bloody monster
was the patriot who gave the first impulse to civil
and religious liberty. He alluded to Sydney—who,
he might say, was not more misrepresented, at the
dark period at which he lived, than the slandered
and abused Dorr.
He would read again, and from the charter under
which the gentleman said that the people of Rhode
Island lived so happy and contented. Mr. R. here
read a clause from the charter of Chailes II, pur-
porting that the governor and deputy governor and
company of Rhode Island should have full power
and authority to appoint and alter the times and
places of the meetings of the general assembly; and
they should choose and appoint so many persons as
they might think proper, who should be free of said
company. There (said Mr. R.) is a sample of the
charter of Rhode Island; and the honorable gentle-
man, [Mr Cranston,] in maintaining that charter,
maintains the right of the governor and company of
Rhode Island to say who should be freemen, and
have the right to exercise the elective franchise. It
was to overturn such a charter as that, that Dorr
and his associates resorted to the measures which
the gentleman so much denounced.
The SPEAKER here announced that the gentle-
man's hour had expired.
Mr. ELISHA R. POTTER obtained the floor,
and said a few words in too low a tone to be heard;
but was understood to move for the postponement
of the subject till Monday next.
This motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to report to this House, on or before
Monday next, the bill passed by the Senate, and
referred to said committee, entitled "An act to re-
peal the act entitled an act to amend the act of the
10th March, 1830, entitled an act to change the time
of holding the circuit and district courts in the dis-
trict of Ohio."
SECOND REGIMENT OF DRAGOONS.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred'the bill to repeal
so much of the act of 23d August, 1842, as requires
the second regiment of dragoons to be converted into
a regiment of riflemen, reported the same back,
without amendment, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
NORTHWESTERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. WENTWORTH presented resolutions from
the legislature of the State of Illinois, instructing its
senators and requesting its representatives to use
their influence for a settlement of all conflicting
claims relative to the northwestern boundary ques-
tion.
On motion of Mr. W. they were ordered to be
printed: and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. CAYE JOHNSON gave notice, that he
would hereafter move to amend the rules and
orders, by adding thereto the following:
''That the House may at any time, by a vote of a
majority of the members present, suspend the rules
and orders, for the purpose of going into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and also for providing for the discharge of
the committee, from the further consideration of any
bill referred to it, after acting without debate on ail
amendments pending, and that may be offered."
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, by leave, from'the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to which was referred
the bill from the Senate, entitled "An act for the relief
of Benjamin Murphy," reported the same without
amendment.
MODIFICATION OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, made a report on the subject of the tariff to
accompany the bill reported by him yesterd'av:
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS said that, believing the report to be
one not only on a most important subject, but a
very able one, accompanied by some valuable statis-
tical tables calculated to give general information, he
m<^e(* ^le F" hit! ii^ of 25,000 extra copies of it.
The SPEAKER observed that the motion to print
extra copies was not then in order. The gentleman
could give notice of his intention to make such a
motion, and it would come up to-morrow.
Mr. LEWIS then gave the necessary notice
Mr. J R. INGERSOLL begged leave to ^tate,
for the information of the House, that the minority
of the Committee of Ways and Means would either
jointly or separately ask leave to present their views
to the House in opposition to tile report of the ma-
jority.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to print the i-p-
port, made to the Secretary of State by Mr. Com-
missioner Smith on the survey of the northeast-
ern boundary; which was agreed to.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOOL then moved to print the
coriespondence between the Secretary of War and
rLl ; y wthe Navy- wmmunicfttrd to the
Committee of Ways and Means by the Secretary
of the Ireasury relative to the appointment of
wT. av a Nr&°^c-ers serve on the coast s,,rvpy-
thifwaI^vafebiU]r;d * ^m0M
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to suspend the rules-
Mr' S0Atlr°ppreTall,u«',he Panting was ordered.'
(Wp'Jh moved to suspend the rules to enable
the gentleman u-om Alabama [Mr. Lewis! to move,
for the printing of an extra number of the report of
the ComniiUee of Ways and Means on the tariff.
SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays;
