CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
"which being ordered, the question was taken, and
Tesulted in yeas 108, nays 60, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, Edward J.
Black, James Black, Blackvveil, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin,
Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft', Brodhead, Wm, J.Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Carey, Catlin, lleuben Chap-
man, Cliappell, Cobb, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Richard D.
Da\ is, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dillingham, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Foster, French, By-
aam Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Her-
rick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes,
James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave John-
son, Andrew Johnson, Geo. W. Jones, Andrew Kenuedy,
P. King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lueas,
MeCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell,
McDowell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norns, Payne,
E. D. Potter, Purdy, Kathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe,
Hitter, Roberts, Robinson, Thomas H. Seymour, David L.
Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thos.
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, Stiles, Stone. Sykes,
Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth,
Wheaton, Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and
Yost—10S.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Milton Bi own, Jeremiah Brown, Carroll, Causin,
Chilton, Clinch, Cl'ngman, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Dick-
ey, Dickinson, Ellis, Fish, Foot, Willis Green, Grinnell,
Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph
R.. Ingersoll, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy,
Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris,
Morse, Moseley, Newton, Peyton, Preston, Rayner, Charles
M. Reed, Rockwell, Rodney, Roeers, Sample, Sohenck,
Senter, Severance, Albert Smith, Stephens, Summers,
Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wethered,
White, and Winthrop—60.
So the rules were not suspended—there not being
a vote of two-thirds.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the question of
reconsideration of the vote of yesterday on the case
of'John P. Schuyler, was postponed to the next
private bill day.
The following bills were ordered to be engrossed,
and were read a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Thomas Harrison.
A bill for the relief of Hugh Wallace Wormley.
A bill for the relief of Enoch McDaniel.
A bill for the relief of James Reid.
The House next up a bill for the relief of William
Ellery, which was debated by Messrs. C. JOHN-
SON, DANIEL P. KING, HAMLIN,- HALE,
VANCE, WINTHROP, and others.
The yeas and nays were then taken on a motion
to lay the bill on the table, and they resulted as fol-
lows: yeas 72, nays 69.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WELLER gave notice of a motion of recon-
sideration of the vote just taken.
Mr. DROMGOOLE mpved that when the House
adjourn, it adjourn to fined on Monday next, at 11
o'clock; which was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporter by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. MURPHY: The memorial of Doctors
John Carpenter and James E. Dubois, and fifty-
seven other citizens of New Utrecht, in the State of
New York, praying for the abolition of the spirit-
ration in the navy: referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: The petition of nu-
merous citizens of Franklin county, Illinois, pray-
ing the establishment of a post office at Rain's mills,
near the post-route from Benton, in said county, to
Mount Vernon, in Jefferson county; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. ANDREW KENNEDY: The petition
of W. A. Rugg, praying a mail-route from Decatur
to Liberty Mills, Indiana.
By Mr. HUBBELL: The petition of Stephen T.
Cove!! and one hundred and ninety-six citizens of
Corning, Steuben county, New York, praying the
reduction of postage, and that a law may be passed
abolishing the franking privilege in every form,
making the government pay for the use of the de-
partment more justly and equally imposed: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 11, 1844.
The PRESIEENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the W^ar Department, report-
ing, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 23d ultimo, information upon the subject of an
examination of the drawings and plan of Wm. S.
Colquhoun, of Virginia, for the removal of sand
bars.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed. ^
Mr. WHTE presented a memorial from sundry
citizens of Indiana, praying Congress to grant to the
State of Indiana the unsold lands in the Yincennes
district, to be applied to the completion of the Wa-
bash and Erie canal to the Ohio river: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
H. R. Warren and other citizens of the town of-
Clay, in the county of Onondaga, New York,
praying a reduction of the rate of postage: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. T. also presented memorials from 43 citizens
of New Port, and 86 citizens of Port Huron, St.
Clair county, Michigan; from 75 citizens of Flint,
in Genesee county, Michigan; and 118 citizens of
Dexter, Michigan,—praying an appropriation of a
canal around the falls of St. Mary: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. PORTER presented four memorials: one
from 266 citizens of Kalamazoo, Michigan; one from
102 citizens of Lenawee county; one from 77 citizens
of Rochester, Oakland county; and one from 203
citizens ef Detroit, Michigan,—praying for an appro-
priation for the construction of a canal around the
Falls of St. Mary: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a resolution adopted
by the legislature ofLouisiana, requesting the sen-
ators and representatives from that State to use their
exertions to procure an appropriation for the re-
moval of obstructions from the navigation of the
Bayou Lafourche: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented a memorial from the
heirs of Absalom Tipton, praying Congress for five
years' commutation pay on account of the services
of Captain Tipton, who was killed in the revolution-
ary war: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial from Charles
N. Johnson and two others, praying Congress to take
some steps to secure a more regular reception of the
Southern mail.
Mr. S. agreed with the memorialists that some
steps should be taken to remedy the failure.
The proper remedy which occurred to him was, to
deduct, for each failure, $1,000 for the salary of the
postmaster general. The petition was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petition from
Samuel S. Buckingham, and other citizens ofPort-
land, Connecticut, praying the Senate to reconsider
their vote of last year by which a treaty of naviga-
tion and commerce with Texas was rejected.
Mr. H. made some remarks touching the misap-
prehension of the memorialists as to the action of
the Senate. The treaty was not rejected, but con-
firmed with amendments. The memorial was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAYTON presented a similar memorial from
citizens of New Castle, Delaware, on the same sub-
ject as the above; which received the same refer]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented four memorials:
one from 165 citizens of Ypsilanti; one from 92 citi-
zens of Manchester, Washington county; one from
104 citizens of Gibraltar; and one from 142 citizens
of Marshal, Calhoun county, Michigan,—prayingfor
an appropriatian to construct a canal round the falls
of St. Mary: referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce, New York, upon the sub-
ject of constructing new lights in the harbor of New
York: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ATHERTON presented a petition from R.
H. Eddy and others, engineers, inventors,and man-
ufacturers, interested in the progress of the useful
arts, suggesting sundry alterations in the laws re-
lating to patents and the Patent Office: icfeired to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from the
presidents and directors of all the railroad compa-
nies in Virginia, asking Congress to pass a law ad-
mitting railroad iron free of duty: ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed, a bill for that purpose hav-
ing been reported.
Also, the petition of Philip Nelson, and other
heirs of the late General Thomas Nelson, of Vir-
ginia, praying Congress to pass a law granting to
them the commutation pay and interest due to a
major general of the Virginia Slate line: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and order-
ed to be printed.
Also, a petition from George H. Matthews,., of
Buckingham, and other citizens of the county of
Cumberland, Virginia, praying Congress to pw .a
law granting relief to the surviving families of the
officers, seamen, and . marines who perished on
board the United States'schooner Grampus: referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition
and papers of Dr. George Yates.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, it was ordered that
the report of the Secretary of the Navy of the 8th
instant, in relation to the appointments of acting
midshipmen, be printed.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was order-
ed that the report from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, on the subject of the re-
ceipt of illegal fees by the land officers, be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was refei-red the petition of the
widow of David R. Porter, praying to be allowed
certain pay to which her husband was entitled, by
way of outSt as resident minister at Constantinople,
and also for pension, made an adverse report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a petition of the officers and crew of
the steamer Missouri, praying indemnity for the
loss of property by the destruction of that vessel,
reported a bill which embraces some other perma-
nent matters, supplementary to the act entitled "An
act regulating the pay of the navy of the United
States;" which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, with an amendment,
the bill giving the assent of Congress to the State of
Illinois to impose a tax on lands hereafter sold in
that State from and after the time of such sale.
On motion by Mr. BATES, it was ordered that
the resolution of tlie legislature of Massachusetts,
on the subject of the annexation of Texas to the
United States, be taken from the table and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported back without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, House bill to trans-
fer the names of pensioners from the agencies in the
State of Kentucky to the agency at Cincinnati,
Ohio.
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse
report on the petition of Lewis Davis for a pension;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. BATES also, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of the heirs of Thomas G. Peachy for in-
demnity for property destroyed during the revolu-
tion; which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Eliza Maury, for the renewal
of pension, and it was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the c.-ses of Mary
Ann Morrice, the widow of Davis F. Morrice, and
the petition of Robert Ramsay, and they were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON gave notice that lie would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to confirm, the
rates of public lands m the State ofLouisiana in cer-
tain cases, and for other purposes.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill supplementary
to the act for the relief of William Wynn; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PORTER, on leave, introduced a bill author-
izing the opening of a canal around the Falls of St.
Mary, at the outlet of Lake Superior; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with an amendment, the bill
to reduce and graduate the price of the public lands,
in favor of settlers and cultivators. \
Mr. MOREHEAD here remarked that the hour
for the orders of the day had nearly arrived; but
several senators had assured liim that they wojild be
compelled to leave their seats in consequence of the
exposed situation of the chamber—glmost all theglews
