April ? 1844
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B7&
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Owen.
H. of Keps.
a hundred and twenty-five millions of bushels; that
is, fifty millions of dollars annually. But the
average revenue derived to the British government, du-
ring the last twelve or fourteen years, from the tariff
on wheat is less than a million and a half of dollars
a year. (Note 4.) The practical result of the Eng-
lish corn laws is, therefore, that an annual tax of
fifty millions is levied upon the people of Great
Britain, of which upwards of forty-eight millions and
a half is paid into the pockets of the land-owners, and
less than a million and a half into the coffers of the gov-
ernment. Here is protection destroying revenve} as
all high protection does. Here is the British labor-
er, the oppressed consumer, not only paying the
tariff tax which his government imposes, but, for
every single bushel of wheat on which he pavs that
tax into the national treasury, he pays it on thirty
bushels to the nobility and landed aristocracy
of his country; "men," as Jefferson expressed it,
"booted and spurred, who ride him legitimately, by
the grace of God."
But the corn laws of England injure the produce
trade of other nations, our own for example, as well
as oppressing the British consumer. Doubtless
they do. The evil effects of these bad laws are not
wholly confined to the country where they are en-
acted. And what a comfort it must be to the laborer
of Britain, when the earnings of two days out of
every six are stolen from him, week after week,
and year after year, by a protective bread-tax, to be
told, that Prussia, and Germany, and America, are
cramped in their foreign commerce by the same
iniquity that daily picks his pocket!
And this system of legalised plunder it is, which
we are unblushingly told, that we—republicans and
freemen as we claim to be—are to admire and to
imitate! But let these importers of British systems
speak for themselves. In an address which has re-
cently been officially put forth by the "American
Institute," the mouth-piece of the New York pro-
tectionists, we find the orator declaring: "The Eng-
lish have always pursued this policy of encourag-
ing only their own people." And this policy, he
proceeds to say, "has rendered them the most
wealthy and most powerful nation upon earth."
His conclusion is: "Why should we not follow
such a prosperous example1"
Are these doctrines of the Now York protection-
ists disavowed by the whig paity? Let a recent
tract, entitled "Tariff Do^trme," and which is "pub-
lished by order of the Whig Co7\£ra'sional Executive
Committeefurnish the reply. There cannot be
higher, or more strictly official authority, in regard
to whig doctrines. Now, mark! what is in that
tract openly avowed. On page 9, I find the follow-
ing passage:
"We here beg leave to remark, that we know of
no good reason why so large a share of our trade
with foreign countries (more than one-third of the
whole) should be carried on between the United
States and Great Britain, unless it be owing to the
wisdom in legislation, and skill in administiation,
practised by that nation, for the protection of their
own interests in agriculture, commerce, and manu-
factures."
Here is an adoption, an endorsement, in the very
strongest terms, by the Inchest official whig author-
ity, of all, and more than all, that the orator of the
Institute ventured to say. The, "Whig Congres-
sional Executive Committee" proclaim to us the
"wisdom tn legislation''''—the WISDOM, observe''—
the highest praise which the legislators of one nation
could bestow on those of another—and the "skill in
administration," of the British Parliament, when it
enacts its iniquitous corn laws, thatsmueh the bread
ere it approaches the starving laborer's lips! Who,
after this, will dare to deny, that whig congressmen,
with professions about an Imtrican system ever on
their lips, approve, justify, applaud, import—and
that avowedly and above board—the system—as
they term it, the wise and skilfully administered
system—of the landed aristocracy of England.'
Wise! yes, if to legislate with selfish wickedncss
for one's own class be wisdom. Skilful ! yes, if to
tread down the nobility of labor, like a_ crushed
worm, m the dust, be proof of skill. It such be
the wisdom, and such the skill, which the whig
congressional executive committee admire, devoutly
may the free citizens of democratic America pray,
that under the yoke of rulers and principles like
thvse, never, while time lasts, may they be con-
demned to pass!
Let us admit, however, that the New York orator
of the Institute says one true ihhig. _ Gieat Britain
is, probably, the most wealthy nation upon earth.
The average income, per head, of her entire
population, is upwards of a hundred dollars a
year; fifty per cent, higher, probably, than the
average in these United States. But how is
that average income divided? Her people might
be—with such an income they ought to be—
comfortable and happy. Are they happy? Are
they comfortable? To those who read the English
journals, and note the tales of misery with which
these are daily filled, the questions may seem put in
mockery. For others, to whom the secrets of the
prison-house have not been disclosed, permit me to
submit a few authentic items, recently furnished to
me by the kindness of one of the most active mem-
bers of that excellent association, daily waxing
stronger and bolder, and destined, ere long, to ob-
tain a majority in Parliament—the Anti-corn-law
League of Great Britain.
I read first from the statistics of an annual report,
recently published by the Liverpool branch of the
league. In reference to the general condition of
Great Britain, the report says:
"In our manufacturing counties, every eleventh
inhabitant, and in our agricultural counties every
eighth inhabitant is a pauper receiving parish relief.
This, however, by no means represents the whole
amount of suffering. The horror of being branded
as a pauper is so prevalent among the industrial
population, that thousands prefer death by gradual
stawation to placing themselves on the parish fand.-}.^
And the (London) "League" of November 11,
1843, informs us: "At the meeting of the British
association held in Manchester last year, Dr. Alison
of Edinburgh, stated before the statistical section,
that, in that capital, of 137,000 inhabitants, there
■were actually not less than 23,000 persons, or one
in every six, in a state of utter destitution."
How eloquent are these mute and simple figures!
In that garden-land, where wealth holds revel, and
luxury has set up her throne—in that land, of
which we are to envy the prosperity, and emulate
the example—there, Pauperism decimates the popu-
lation! Throughout the length and breadth of Eng-
land,—"merrie England" no longer!—more than one
man out of every ten must bend down his soul to
receive at the hands of a stranger—an insolent of-
ficial, perhaps—the bitter dole of charity!
Would you look yet closer upon this picture of
wholesale suffering? T i|Uote again from the. Liver-
pool report. After stating that the council of the as-
sociation had directed an official examination into the
social condition of their own town, the report adds,
that they had first selected Vnu xhnll Ward; "though,
from the large number of superior mechanics living
in the ward, it is probable that the average condi-
dition shown there is superior to what might be fovnd
for the whole borovgh." And what is the condition of
this ward? Listen!
"Nearly six thousand families reside in Vaux-
hall ward; of whom 881 belong to the middle class.
The circumstances of 4,814 families were examined;
every care being taken to secure accuracy in the re-
turn; and it was found, that, of these,
"1,737 were entirely without employment;
"1,587 partially employed; and
"1,490 fully employed.
"It was ascertained, that the total earnings of
4,387 families amounted to ct2,024 per week, being
9s. 3d. (two dollars twenty cents) per family on the
average; but that <£1,030 were received by 955 fam-
ilies, thus leaving only <£994 to be divided among
The remaining 3,432 families, being 5s. 9d. (one dol-
lar and farty eente) per week for each; or, counting
four persons to a family, 2gd. (five cents) per day
for each individual."
If the account were less authentic, or less minute
in its details, the result would stagger belief. In a
ward containing 24,000 souls, of better average con-
dition than the population of the opulent and flour-
ishing city of Liverpool, more than one-half the in-
habitants have but th? wretched allowance of five
cents—FIVE CENTS!—a-clay, to keep body and
soul together! that, too, in a country where wheat
costs two dollars a bushel, and meat twelve cents a
pound' And if any one yet ask, how, with means
so hopelessly inadequate, the lamp of life is fed at
all, the report still furnishes the terribly reply:
"Information was also obtained as to the way in
which a large portion of the indigent poor supported
themselves. It, was found that 3,052 families lived
by pawning, chanty, and prostitution; 1,017 by
savings, credit, relations, and casual employment;
57 by parish relief, with other assistance."
More than one-half the living creatures that con-
gregate m a princely city lingering cut life on a pit-
tance that equals for each individual per day the
price of a single pound of flour!—less than the
price of one half pound of meat! One-sixth of
that entire city beggars and prostitutes! The mind
cannot grasp—cannot realize this wholesale exhib-
ition of shame and wo. "The multitude of sad
groups," as Sterne has expressed it> "do but dis-
tract us." Let us take the "single captive," then.'
And touchingly has the picture been drawn by one
of these down-trodden millions—a Plebeian poet—a
man who has lived and suffered among the scenes
he well describes:
"God help the poor! an infant's feeble wail
Comes Irom 3 on narrow gateway: and behold
A female crouching thore, so deathly pale,
Huddling her child to screen it from the cold!
Her vesture scant, her bonnet crushed and torn,
.. uun shaw 1 dotli her baby d 'ar enfold;
And there she bide* the ruthless gale of morn,
Which to her very heart hath sent its cold!
And now she sudden darts a ravening look,
As one with new hot bread comes past the nook!
And, as the tempting load is onward borne,
She weeps! God help thee, hapless one, forlorn!"
Let it not be imagined that such examples of
wretchedness are found among the outcasts of great
cities alone. The leprosy of destitution has spread
itself far and wide, over the entire extent of the land;
entering not alone the cellar or the garret of the
crowded alley, but penetrating to the hamlet of the
cottager, to the cold and comfortless hearth of the
tiller of the soil. He who feeds the world is him-
self on the. verge of starvation! "There is not a
step," says the Westminster Review,. "but'simply a
hand's breath, between the agricultural laborer and
pauperism." A laboier at Bidefort, in Devonshire,
was recently tried for stealing a peiee of bacon; and
the wife of his employer deposed:
"My husband gives the prisoner six shillings
(a dollar and forty-six cents) a week. We (some-
times qave him his dinner, if tee thought he had nolle.
Six shillings is the vsual rate of wages."
"The prisoner had a wife and three children; the
jury found him guilty, but recommended him to
mercy on account of his poverty.".
Where, then, is the abundant wealth, which
England's political wiiters vauntingly put forth, in
their long statistical tables, as the heritage of her
favored people? Whqre? We hear daily instances
among her nobility and gentry of men dying, and
leaving behind them a million of dollars, five, ten—
in a recent case twenty millions—to curse and ruin,
mind and body, those who succeed to the bloated in-
heriiance. The farm laborer, with his wife and her
little ones to clothe and feed—toiling to live, and liv-
ing only to die—receives in return for an entire week
of that ceaseless toil, the price of one bushel of
wheat; but the stock of cigars of the late Duke of
Sussex was sold, the other day at auction, for Ten
Thousand Dollars!
And this is the land.—its people crushed down
with poverty, its nobles revelling in pomp and
pride—this is the wealthy and powerful nation,
whose system of policy we are to adopt; the wick-
edness—that is the honest word—the wickedness of
whose rulers we are to set up as a shining light to
guide our statesmen,—as a lamp to diiect our steps!
Has not the "Whig Congressional Executive Com-
mittee" officially extolled the wisdom of that sys-
tem?—expressly lauded the skill of the rulers who
framed it- And is it not written here? "Why should
wfc not 1'ollok' such a prosperous example?'1
Shame! shame on the question! There may be one
excuse—there is but one—for the man, treading
this soil of the free, who could put such a question
to a republican audience; and it is, that he knew
nothing of the actual state of that country, whose
"prosperous example" he holds up, to our envy and
imitation.
And it is he—and such as he—who are terribly
shocked at foreign importations of linens and broad-
cloths and calicoes! They detest and abjure the
abomination of clothing from a British loom. Ah!
truly has Politics her Pharisees, as well as Reli-
gion men who strain at a gnat and swallow a cam-
el. Foreign importations! Better a whole world of
British calicoes than one British system! Our wives
ai.d children may wear the one, and be no whit the
woise republicans for the cheap and simple wear;
but let our statesmen imitate and adopt the other,
and it will sap the foundation of our institutions; ay!
endanger,—did it not once in the days of the blue
cockade and palmetto button?—endanger even the
integrity of our Union.
To no illiberal prejudice will I appeal. He is the
enemy of his kind who would suborn, as auxiliary
in party strife, the evil spirit of national animosity.
