366
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the windows having been broken by the firing of
the cannon by the United States artillery. If it
would, therefore, be agreeable to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] who was entitled
to the floor, on the Oregon question, he would move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that he was very
anxious to proceed in his remarks; but, from the ne-
cessity of the case, he would have to yield his
wishes.
The Senate then adjourned till to-morrow at 12
o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 11, 1844.
The journal of Saturday having been read,
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order would be the call on the States for res-
olutions.
Mr. CRANSTON rose, and asked leave to make
a personal explanation.
No objection being made,
Mr- C. hero read an extract from an article in the
Globe in reference to the remarks of Mr. Rathbun
of Saturday, on the Rhode Island question, that
"Mr. R. had made him (Mr. C.) take back nearly
all he was understood to say yesterday; and that lie
(Mr. C.) seemed willing to take back all, but that
Mr. R. would not yield the floor to him to enable
him to do so." Now he called on the member from
New York, and every member present at the time,
to say whether this was correct; and he would be
glad if the gentleman from New York would slate
what part of his remarks he was compelled to take
back. After some remarks in relation to the consti-
tution of New Hampshire, Mr. C. went on to say
that he rose several times, while the gentleman from
New York was speaking, to correct him; for in-
stance: the gentleman quoted him as having stated
that there were several hundieds who voted for
Dorr's constitution who were in their graves; where-
as he hud said no such thing, and accordingly rose
to correct tiiat statement. The gentleman also quo-
ted him as making charges against his constituents
of being ruilians; whereas he applied that epithet to
people who were on the borders of the State; and he
said that those who intended to rush in after the
city of Providence was taken, were ruffians.
Mr. RURKE wished thegentleman to say wheth-
er he was reported correctly in the National Intelli-
gencer.
Mr. CRANSTON said no; that the Intelligencer
did not give one quarter of what he said.
Mr. BURKE wished the gentleman to state
whether the report was correct as far as it went.
Mr. CRANST0N replied that it was correct as
far as it went.
Mr. RURKE then read the following extract
from Mr. Cranston's remarks, as reported in the
.National Intelligencer:
"He had, however, no objection to the gentle-
man's sending for all who voted for Dorr's consti-
tution, though some of them, at least, were in their
graves months before that constitution was voted
for.
"There wore morn than two thousand men of those
whose names appeared as voting for that constitu-
tion who had not been in the State of Rhode Island
for four years previous to that time. Where did
the gentleman expact to find these? Did hccxpect to
dig up the hones of those who had slept quietly m
their giaves before the question on the adoption of
that constitution was put? Would he go to Ireland
fo^the five hundred voters who were upon these
shores when that constitution was \oted for?"
Now he would ask the gentleman if it was not
here plainly staled, that five hundred of these voters
were in li eland, and the rest (fifteen hundred) in their
graves?
Air. CRANSTON said that his language would
not bear such a construction. The gentleman had
drawn the inference that fifteen hundred weie in
their graves, because he had said that there were
two thousand who were not m the State when the
constitution was voted for.
Mr. BURKE said that he did not draw any infer-
ence. The gentleman"'s language was a statement
of facts.
Mr. CRANSTON said that nobody else hut the
gentleman from New Hampshire would d raw the in-
ference that 1,500 of these voters were m their graves.
He meant to say that 2,000 and more of those
whose names were reported to have voted for this
constitution were not in the State at the time, and
did not vote for it. Mr. C. was proceeding at length
to give the reasons for making this assertion; when
Mr. RATHBUN inquired if the gentleman was
going to make another speech.
Mr. CRANSTON said No. His object was to
get an answer to the question he asked from the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr, RATHBUN said he was ready to answer
, the gentleman, if he would yield him the floor.
Mr. CRANSTON declined giving up the floor.
He wished the gentleman to make a simple reply to
the question he asked.
Mr. RATHBUN said he had no objections to
state whatever he knew on the subject, in answer to
the gentleman, at a fitting time.
Here repeated calls were made for the orders of
the day.
The SPEAKER stated to the gentleman from
Rhode Island that it was not in order to debate the
general question—that he could only refer to what
he wished to explain in relation to the report.
Mr. CRANSTON said he did not wish to debate
the general question; all he wanted was an explana-
tion from the gentleman from New York. Now he
averred that he had taken nothing back of what he
said in his speech. He rose several times to correct
the gentleman, but he made 110 admissions.
Here the call for the orders of the day was repeat-
ed by several.
Mr. SAUNDERS called the • attention of the
House to the following resolution submitted on
Saturday by Mr. Moore of Ohio:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to report to this House, on or before
Monday next, the bill passed by the Senate, and
referred to said committee, entitled "An act to repeal
the act entitled an act to amend the act of the 10th
March, 1830, entitled an act to change, the time of
holding the circuit and districts courts in the district
of Ohio."
Mr. S. said that he was not in the. House at the
time the resolution was offered; but having since
seen it, he considered it a censure on the committee.
Now Mr. S. said the committee were ready to re-
port this bill back to the House, but were prevented
from doing so by the gentleman who offered it, who
asked them not to make a report on it till his col-
league from the Cincinnati district [Dr. Duncan]
had been heard before the committee. After this
request had been made, he thought it strange that
the gentleman should have submitted such a resolu-
tion to the House.
Mr. POTTER of Ohio explained the reasons
why the resolution was offered, to be the anxiety of
some, members of the Olno delegation to have the
bill decided in the House. He did not consider
the resolution as implying any ccnsure on the
Judiciary Committee, and declared that none was
intended.
Some further explanations followed from Messrs.
VINTON, POTTER, SAUNDERS, MOORE, and
DUNCAN.
Mr. VANCE hoped the resolution passed on Sat-
urday would be reconsidered; and that, after the ex-
planation, the Committee 011 the Judiciary would
oe satisfied that no disiespcct was intended towards
them.
The resolution was then reconsidered; and it was
then,
On the motion of Mr. WELLER, laid on the
table.
Mr. LEONARD presented to the House resolu-
tions of the legislature of the State of New York,
instructing their senators and requesting their repre-
seetatives to vote for an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Hudson river.
OREGON.
Mr. A. V. BROWN, chairman of the. Committee
on Territories, leported a bill extending the civil and
criminal jurisdiction of the courts of the Territory
of Iowa, south and west of said Territory to the Pa-
cific; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered, to-
gether with the report, to be printed.
The bill extends said jurisdiction west of the
Rocky mountains, from latitude 42° south, to 54°
40' of north latitude. It gives G40 acres of land to
each inhabitants of any State or Territory who may
have heretofore removed, or may hereafter remove to
that country, and cultivate and use the same for five
years. Also, 160 acres for the wife of such inhabi-
tant, and the like quantity to each child when taken
there, or which may be born in the Territory. It
further provides for the appointment of another
judge for the Territory of Iowa, who is to reside
in Oregon; and also for the appointment of justice of
the peace..
The sum of one hundred thousand dollars is ap.
propriated to build forts on the main pass to Ore-
gon, and within it, and to carry into effect the other
provisions £of the bill.
Mr. LEONARD and Mr. FISH obtained permis-
sion to present petitions from New York.
Mr. COBB called for the orders of the day.
RESOLUTION DAY.
The SPEAKER announced the order of busi-
ness to be the call of the States for resolutions,
commencing with South Carolina.
Mr. COBB offered a lesolution fixing the hour of
meeting of the House hereafter at II o'clock; and
on this he moved the previous question.
On the question of seconding the demand for the
previous question, tellers were demanded, and
Messrs. Causin and Burke were appointed; and
they reported 69 in the affirmative, and 38 in the
negative, being less than a quorum.
The SPEAKER said there was undoubtedly a
quorum in the House, and he requested gentlemen
to vote cither on one side on the other.
The vote was again taken, and resulted—ayes 75,
noes 51.
The main question being then put, (viz: shall the
resolution be adopted,) the yeas and nays were
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 127, nays
33, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Abbot, .Adams, Arrington Atkinson,
Barrmger, Benton, James Black, Bo.ssiei, Bower, Boyd,
Biodhead, Aaron V. Biown, Milton Biown, William
J Biown, Bufhngtoii, Buike, Buit, Caldwell, Caiy, Carroll,
Causin, Rotibou Chapman, Chappell, Clinch, Clmgman,
Cobb, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Richard D. Davis. J. W. Davis,
Dean, Deberry, Dickey, Dickinson, Diomgoole, Duncan,
Dunlap, Elmer, Fickhu, Ki.-di, Fiench, B Gieen, Gnnnell,
Glider, Hale, Jlamhn. Tlammett, Iloialson, Harper, Henlev,
H'Tiick. Hopkins, Houston, JIug-hes Hungeiford, Wash-
ington Hunt, Irvin, .Jcnks, < ave Johnson, Perlej B. John-
son, Andiew Johnson, Geo^o "YV. Jones, Andrew Ken-
nedy, John P. Kenned), Piston King, Daniel P. King,
Kirkpatnck, Labranche, Leonaid, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon,
MeCielland, McCleinaiul, McDonnell, McDowell, Moore,
K. I Morris, Murphy, Ow en. Pe) ton, Emeij D Potter, Pratt,
Preston, Furdy, ltathbnn, Charles M. Reed, David S. Reid,
Reding,, Relic, Ritter, Roberts, Robinson, Rockwell,
Rogeis, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Sentei, David L. Sey-
mour, Simon*, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, Andrew Stewart,
John Stew art, Stiles, Stone, Taylor, Thompson, 'I lbbatts,
Tucker, Vance, Weller, Wcntworth, Wethered, Whcaton,
White, Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and
Yost—1*27.
NAYS—Messis. Bainard, Edward J. Black, Jeremiah
Broun, Campbell, Chilton, Collomer, Cranston, Garrett
Davis, Foot, Foster, Hardin. Holmes, Huds<on. Charles J.
Ingerpoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Lewis, Maclay, Mcllvaine,
Martdi, Morse, Moseley, Newton, Rayner, Rodne\, Sample,
Schenck. Severance, Caleb B. Smith, Summers, Tilden,
Tyler, Vinton, and Winthrop—33
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia offered fhe following
resolution, and called for the previous question:
Resolved, That Congress has no constitutional
power to abolish slavery in the Territories of the
United States, or in the District of Columbia, or to
receive any petition, memorial, 01* other paper, the
purpose of which is to accomplish that object, either
directly or indirectly.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether the resolution did
not come within the rule which prohibits the recep-
tion of all papers relating to the subject of slavery.
1 he SPEAKER replied that he did not consider
it as coming within the rule.
On the motion to lay 011 the table, the yeas and
nays were demanded, and ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 96, nays 61, as follows: •
1 EAS Mcss-ers Benton. James Black, Blackwell, Boy-
er, Boyd, Jacob Brmkeihoft. Brodhead, Win J Brown,
Bujhiigton, Bmke, Caldwell, Cary, Cathn, Clinch, Cobb,
Cullom, Dana Ganett Daws, John W. Davis Dean, Drom-
goolo, Dunlap, Elmer. Kish, Foster. French. W. Green,
B) ram Green, Grider, Hamlin. Hardin, Henlev, Hemek,
Hoge, nopKins, Hubard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Chas.
J. Ingcrso.l, Joseph K. Ingersoil, Jameson, Jenks, Cave
Johnson. Andrew Johnson, Andrew Kenned) , John P. Ken-
nedy, Preston King, Leonard, Lucas, McCauslen, Ma-
ciay McClelland, McDowell, Moore, Joseph Monis,
Mo«oloy, Murphy, Owen, Parmenter, Emerv D Potter,
T>ni.V' 4U..y'-oHthl,mi- Ka>'nrr> T,^id S R«d, Reding,
Belie, Rjtter, Robinson, Rodney, Russell, St John, Sample,
?evtt^1oIi..?e^0Ur'DavidL Seymour, Simons, Slidell,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod.
Stephens, John Stewart, Stone, Summers, Taylor Tib-
batts, Tucker, Tyler, Weller, Wentworth. Wheaton' Wil-
liams, Joseph A Wright, and Yost—96 '
NAYS Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, B&rringcx',
