380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Owen.
H. of Reps.
So far as the doings of other nations are just and
wise, we are not permitted only—by the dictates of
enlightened policy we are enjoined—to imitate them;
and there is an example—a noble example—set us
by Great Britain, which we would do well to fol-
low; but an example set by her suffering Many, not
by her ruling Pew. Let us distinguish—and we arfe
too apt to overlook this—let us distinguish well be-
tween the People and their Rulers—between the op-
pressors and the oppressed. These oppressers we
might still address, as that apostle of" freedom,
good old John Milton, addressed them, two hundred
years ago:
"Lords and Commons of England! Consider what
it is whereof ye are, and whereof ye are the govern-
ors: a nation not slow and dull, but of a quick, in-
genious, and piercing spirit; acute to invent, subtle
and sinewy to discourse; not beneath any point—
the highest that human capacity can soar to. What
wants there, to such a towardly and pregnant soil,
but wise and faithful laborers, to make a knowing
people?"
Such faithful laborers have been found. The
spirit of Hampden and of Sidney—that spirit from
which an offset was ers;i. transplanted to these
shores, to spread, and flourish, and bless this west-
ern republic—that sturdy spirit lives in the little
island yet. It is, even now, stirring up her thou-
sands and tens of thousands; and these are banding
themselves together, to destroy, by the slow, but
resistless force of reason and of public opinion, that
iniquitous system, which our own aristocracy still
hope to retain and to perpetuate.
At a recent meeting of the Free-trade League,
held at Manchester, sixty thousand dollars (practi-
cal proof of sincerity, that!) were collected in a sin-
gle day. Three hundred and fifty thousand dollars
have been subscribed to the League fund this season,
already; and the friend to whom I have already re-
ferred, writes me, that, "if necessary, double the
amount will be raised next year." These vast sums
are expended in disseminating cheap pamphlets ex-
plaining and enforcing the doctrines of free trade.
Last year, in the course of six weeks, one million
packages similar to that which I hold in my hand,
each containing twelve short Jracts, wore gratuitous-
ly distributed throughout Great Britain.
But while the friends of equal rights in England
are thus nobly waging battle against the monopoly
of their protective system, we are called upon to
foster the iniquity they arc discarding, and, as they
chase the unsightly monster from Ins den in the Old
World, we are to receive and pamper him in the
rich fields and free forests of the New!
The success, however, or the failure of foreign
attempts at reform, should not influence our course.
Let European nations act as they will, our duty is
simple and straightforward. A free government has
no right to her children of preference. A law ex-
pressly framed to favor one class, or say, to relieve
one class of the community from a burden by shift-
ing that burden, directly or indirectly, to the shoul-
ders of another class, is more than an injustice—it is
a usurpation. The necessity for revenue justifies
taxation. Nothing else can. To tax permanently,
in any form, with any intention, beyond the limit of
necessary revenue, is to confiscate.
And for whom, in our country, this usurpation?
For whose benefit this confiscation of the property
of free citizens? It is bad enough when the reck-
less Many, in the pride of their numerical strength,
ride over the rights of the helpless* Few; it is far
worse when the Many suffer, that the Few may
gain. Class legislation is ever to be deprecated; yet
if it have an excusable phase, it is, when inordinate
wealth is made to bear a dispropoi'tioned bin den,
in favor, and for the relief, of poverty.
But how stands the case now before us? The
agricultural interest bears the burden; the trading
and manufacturing classes reap the benefit. Now,
for every person actually engaged m trade or man-
ufacture, in the United States, there are upwards
of tour employed in agriculture; and the wages
and profits of the former average, at the most
moderate estimate, upwards of fifty per ce.vt.
higher than those of the latter; ill the proportion of
fifteen dollars a month to the farmer, and more than
twenty-five dollars a month to the manufacturer.—
(Ai/fr 5.) Thus, then, a privileging tariff acts. It
takes from the pockets of four men, to fill the purse
of one; and—using the terms rich and poor by com-
parison—it selects the poor from whom to take, and
the rich to whom to give. Let the people of this
Republic but see and test^ and thoroughly- under-
stand such a system; and its existence and its in-
justice will soon terminate together!
I know, and rejoice to know, that there are very
many, among our manufacturers, who are mod-
erate and far-sighted enough to regret the importu-
nate and unreasonable claims set up by the class to
which they belong; and who are satisfied with that
measure of protection which a strictly revenue tariff
of necessity affords them. They feel, as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] in
the course of to-day's debate expressed it, tiiat
"these sudden fluctuations are ruinous to com-
merce." They are fully aware, that stability, with
-a low revenue duty, is, in the end, far preferable to
instability, the sure result, as Henry Clay has him-
self declared, of high protection.
But it must be admitted, that the same spirit of
moderation and conciliation, which thus animates
a minority only among manufacturers, is shown by
almost the entire body of those who suffer under
the protective system. Observe, I pray you, the
reasonableness of the position which we assume.
The South and the West almost unanimously con-
sent to any tariff tax that is required for economical
revenue. To adopt that mode of taxation at all, is
a great concession to our brethren of the North and
East; and as such, they ought to regard it. To the
amount of the revenue duty their manufacturers are,
not protected but privileged. It is a bounty granted
to them, incidentally indeed, but not the less at our
expense. We do not complain of that, how-
ever ; but what we do complain of is, that
these favored sections of the Union, not satis-
fied with the privilege of a revenue tariff, are,
like other privileged bodies, ever grasping after
more. We agree to pay, in an indirect form for
their advantage, twenty—twenty-five per cent—one
dollar for every four or five of first cost—or even
more if fairly required for revenue—on articles com-
ing into competition with their manufactures. We
make no objection to all this. But what we do ob-
ject to is, that this monopolizing interest, after all
we have done for it, should still, like the horse-lcach,
cry give! give1—that, in spite of tacit pledges once
solemnly made to the contrary, it has demanded,
and obtained at the hands of a whig Congress, a
tariff as high—to the full as odiously oppressive—
as that of 3 B28; the same that half kindled the torch
of civil war in the land, and threatened what the
united forces of Burope might attempt in vain—the
very dismemberment of our glorious Confederacy.
Are these last assertions denied' The allotted
hour which measures out debate in this House is
about expiring. But I shall seek occasion, at some
future stage of proceeeding oil the bill before us, to
substantiate, from the history of the tariff question
and an analysis of the tariff law of 1842, every word
I have here said touching its origin and its character.
Note 1.
The first English corn law was passed in 1670.
It "imposed prohibitory duties on the importation
of wheat, till the pnee rose to 53s. 4d., and a duty
of 8s. between that price and 80s."—UlcCulloch's
Dictionary of Commerce, p. 404.
It is a singular item ill the history of commercial
restrictions, that from the conquest until the year
1436, the exportation of wheat from England was
actually prohibited: afterwards, heavy duties were
imposed on exportation; now it is free. "For 500
years after the conquest, importation was substan-
tially free;" while, "during the last century and a
half it lias, for the most part, been subjected to
severe restrictions."—Ibid,p. 403.
Note 2.
In Senate, January 20, 1838, pending the discus-
sion of the bill, granting "pre-emptions to actual set
tiers," Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, said: "In no shape
in which the bill could be placed, could he be
brought to vote for it. The whole pre-emption sys-
tem was a violation of all law, and an encourage-
ment to pel sons to go on the public lands and take
the choicest portion of them, as suited their inte-
rests or inclinations."—•Congressional Globe, 2d ses-
sion, 25th Congress, p. 142.
Mr. Clay's language on this occasion, as given in
Niles's Register, is: "All pre-emption laws were
nothing more than a struggle between those who
would violate the law and those who would main-
tain its supremacy."—Register of February 3, 1838. p.
358. And again: "he (Mr. Clay) would like to
know by what authority such a bill could be passed.
He regarded it as a reward for the violation of law,"
&c.—Same Register, p. 359.
In Senate, January 27, 1838, Mr. Tipton said:
"He understood that the senator from Kentucky
denounced the settlers on the lands as a lawless
banditti of land robbers, unjustly grasping at the
public treasure."
Here Mr. Clay rose and said, "he would repeat
what he did say on the occasion referred to by the
honorable senator from Indiana. He did say, that
the squatters on the public lands were a lawless
rabble; that they might as well seize upon our forts,
our arsenals, or on the public treasure, as to rush
out and sieze on the public lands."—National Intelli-
genecr, of February 5, 1838.
Note 3,
McQueen, in his "General Statistics of the British
Empire," 1836, p. 30, states, that "the lasd culti-
vated in wheat in the United Kingdom, is certainly
upwards of five millions of a®es." He estimates
the average produce per acre at 4 quarters, or 32
bushels; but this is probably too high. Spackman,
in his "Statistics of the British Empire," 1843, p.
13, gives us the average produce from the year 1828
to 1842 at 21 bushels per acre; adding, however, that
recent improvements m agriculture have raised it,
perhaps, a sixth. Taking it at 25 bushels per acre,
which may be near the truth, it would give us one
hundred and twenty-five million bushels, as the annual
production of Great Britain and Ireland.
The average price for 30 years, from 1800 to 1830,
was two dollars and twenty-three cents a bushel.
Latterly it has been lower. For the last 12 years,
namely, from 1831 to 1842 inclusive, the average has
been seven shillings and two pence, or a dollar and
seventy-five cents, per bushel. (Spackman, p. 15.)
That was its average for the year 1842. (Ibid.) At
.that price the duty is nearly two shillings, say fifty
cents, a bushel.
Note 4.
It is well known, that the British tariff duties on
wheat are graduated, according to what is called the
"sliding scale;" so that in proportion as the price of
wheat rises the duty diminishes; and as the price of
wheat sinks the duty increases. At the usual ptices
of wheat, the duty amounts nearly to a prohibition.
Spackman, in his "Statistics of the British Empire"
(for 1843, at page 42) gives the "total quantity of
foreign and colonial wheat entered for home con-
sumption, from 15th July, 1828, to December, 1841,
with the total amount of duty received thereon."
The quantity is 13,555,471 quarters, and the total
duty (for thirteen years and a half) is .£3,779,417; or
between 18 and 19 millions of dollars. This gives
the average total of duty paid into the treasury each
year, about $1,400,000; whreh is but about the one
hundred and seventieth part of the entire taxes levied
in Great Britain.
Note 5.
Number of persons actually engaged in agricul
ture, and in trade and manufactures, in the United
Sfeatcs, with the value of their products; compiled
from the census of 1840, and given in the Democrat-
ic Review for March, 1844, page 294.
Occupation.
No. of per-
Value of
Average
sons.
products.
each person.
Agriculture,
3,719,951
$671,222,607
$.180
Track's an*I manufac-
tures,
791,749
239,636,224
303
Showing that there are about four and three-quar-
ter times as many persons engaged in agriculture as
In trades and manufactures; and that the monthly
average of income from Agriculture is fifteen dollars;
and from trades and manufactures upwards of twen-
ty-fire dollars.
The above agrees with Professor Tucker's esti-
mates, as given m Hunt's Merchant's Magazine for
1843; but senator Woodbury, taking into view the
fact, that the census actually includes only the adult
males engaged in agriculture, while in manufactures
it embraces women and children, estimates that the
actual average income of those engaged in agricul-
ture is less than half as much as that of those engaged
in manufactures. I have given the estimate which
is the least favorable to my argument.
POSTSCRIPT.
On the 24th April, Mr. Wetjiered of Maryland
opened his speech on the tariff, by calling the Tariff
