CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36?
■ward J. Black, Bossier, Bowlin, Burt, Carrol}, Reuben
Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Collamer, Cranston, Daniel,
Richard D. Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Ellis, Ficklin, Foot,
Giddings, Hale, Hammett, Haralson, Houston, Hudson,
Hughes. Washington Hunt, Irvin, Perley B. Johnson,
Daniel P. King, Labranche, Lewis. Lumpkin, Lyon, Mc-
Connell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,
Newton, Peyton, Elislia R. Potter, Roberts, Rockwell,
Hogers, Saunders, Sclienck, Severance, Simpson, Caleb B.
Smith, A. Stewart, Stiles, Thomasson, Tilden, Vance,
Vinton, White, Wintlirop, Woodward, and William Wright
—61.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS,
Resolved, That the. Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy and justice of extending the benefit of an act en-
titled "an act granting half pay and pensions to cer-
tain widows," approved July 7th, 1838, to widows
whose husbands have died since the passage of said
act, or who shall hereafter die, if such widows shall
otherwise be entitled to the same.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON,
Resolved, That the papers relating to the claim of
John Robinson, administrator upon the estate of
George M. Lavender deceased, accompanying this
motion, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. McCAUSLEN gave notice that, on some sub-
sequent day of this session, he would introduce a
bill for the relief of Jonathan Been.
On motion by Mr. CHAPPELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into and re-
port.on the expediency of transporting the mail be-
tween the cities of Charleston and Savannah by
steamboats daily in lieu of the present daily trans-
portation by land.
On motion by Mr. SIMPSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail route from Laurens
court house, South Carolina, by Anderson court
house and Andersonville, in the same State, to
Athens, -Georgia.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS submitted the following
resolution; which being objected to, lies over for one
day:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives
wi Congress assembled, That it be recommended to
the several State legislatures to adopt an amend-
ment to the constitution of the United States, by
adding to the 4th paragraph of the first section of
article 11th of the constitution of the United States,
these words:
"And when Congress shall have fixed the ratio of
representation after each enumeration of the popu-
lation of the United States, it shall be the duty of
the legislature of the several States to divide then-
respective States into as many districts as such
States may have senators and representatives in
Congress—each district to contain as near as may
be an equal number of population, according to the
principle of representation in Congress; and each
district shall elect an elector; so as to make said
paragraph read thus: The Congress may determine
the time of choosing the electors, and the day on
which they shall give their votes, which shall be
the same throughout the United States; and when
Congress shall have fixed the latio of representation
after each enumeration of the population of the
United States, it shall be the duty of the legislatures
of the several States to divide their respective
States into as many districts as such States
may have senators and representatives in Congress,
each district to contain as near as may be an equal
number of population, according to the principle of
representation in Congress, and each district shall
elect one elector."
Mi. BOYD offered the following resolution, and
demanded the previous question on it:
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of
the bill and report of the Committee of Ways and
Means in relation to the tariff, be printed for the use
of this House. . .
The demand for the previous question having beer
seconded, and the main question ordered, it was
taken by yeas and nays, and decided m the affirma-
tive: yeas 109, nays 50.
On motion of Mr. CALDWELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of alio wing pensions to Lorina Holland, Nancy Keen,
Judah French, Eleanor Kingston, Catharine Taylor
Nelly White, Samuel Williams, Dennis Hopkins,
Delila Johnson, and Hugh Warren, in conformity
with the declarations and papers in their respective
cases now on file in the office of the Commissioner
of Pensions.
On motion of Mr. FRENCH, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to this House, at as early a period as practica-
ble, the progress made in the purchase of the sites,
and in the construction of the marine hospitals on
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers and Lake Erie, au-
thorized and required by the act entitled "An act to
provide for certain harbors, and for the removal of
obstructions in and at the mouth of certain rivers,
and for other purposes, during the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and thirty-six," approved
March 3d, 1837, and accompany the same with es-
timates of the sums necessary for their comple-
tion.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire and report upon the expedi-
ency and propriety of amending the law regulating
the pay of commissioned officers in the United States
marine corps, so that the pay and emoluments of
such officers, when attached to sea-going vessels,
shall be equal to their compensation when doing duty
on shore.
Mr. SENTER offered the following resolution;
but as objection was raised, it lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury re-
port to this House the amount of revenue from the
duties upon imports accruing in the months of Jan-
uary and February of the present year.
Mr. ASHE offered the following resolution; which,
being objected to, lies over one day:
Resolvei, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this House whether the sixth
section of the act of Congress, approved by him Au-
gust 23, 1842, and contemplating eastern and west-
ern geographical divisions in the army of the United
States, lias been carried into execution; whether said
divisions do exist, with commandants for each, as
contemplated by said section; and if not, the reasons
why; whether the appropriations for rations to the
commanders of divisions have been applied as pro-
vided for by said section; whether a non-execution
of this law, as respects divisions and their command-
ers, does not affect materially the rank, pay, and
professional character of Edmund Pendleton Gaines,
a major-general in the army, whose acknowledged
merit haa secured to him a command according to his
war brevet of major general, from the 15th August,
1814, until the date of general orders No. 40 of July
12,1842; whether there are just reasons for with-
holding from Major General Gaines his major gene-
ral's command of a division of half of the army; and
if any, what; whether there are, also, just reasons for
reducing his pay from that of a major general, which
he had received for nearly thirty years, to that of
a brigadier, as appears by the Army Register of January
of the present year; and whether or not the principle
of depriving officers of commands in the^ army, by
way of punishment, without a charge, specification, or
court, is in accordance with the seventy-Jifih ami seventy-
seventh articles of war, as suggested in Major Gene-
ral Scott's report of the 3d November, 1842, recom-
mending that Major General Gaines be placed on a
leave of absence as long as the highest in authority
deemed proper, has appeared in the degradation of
Maior General Gaines, and in the reduction of his
pay.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked the Clerk to read
the notice which he gave on Saturday last of a mo-
tion to amend the rules.
The Clerk read it as follows:
"That the House may, at any time, by a vote of
the majority of the members present, suspend the
rules and orders for the purpose of going into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
also of providing for the discharge of the committee
from the consideration of any bill referred to it, after
acting without debate on all amendments pending
and that may be offered."
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON made the motion of
which he had given notice, and he called for the
previous question. . ,
The SPEAKER (Mr. Hopkins, pro tan.) said the
gentleman's motion was not in order at this time.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON contended that it was,
, and said he should be under the necessity of taking
an appeal from the decision of the Chair. He had
given one day's notice on Saturday last, and his no-
tice was entered on the minutes of the House; and
it was certainly competent now to call up that sub-
ject, and for the House to alter the rules referred to.
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY asked if a vote of
two-thirds would not be required to make the change
suggested.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said it would not, for the
notice obviated a two-thirds vote.
Some conversation ensued, in which the SPABK-
ER pro tem., Mr. C. JOHNSON, and others, took
part.
The SPEAKER then changed his decision—the *
previous question having been moved.
Mr. ADAMS remarked that the notice of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee was not in order when it was
given. He had himself given a notice to alter the
rules some time since under similar circumstances,
and the Speaker then told him that his motion was
not in order; and that it could only be got in by a
vote of two-thirds. On asking the Speaker when it
would be in order, he was told that it could be regu-
larly, given on the resolution day; and he could not,
therefore, understand how the notice of the gentle-
man from Tennessee could have been received on
Saturday. He (Mr. A.) was in the House on Sat-
urday, and he was not aware that such a notice was
given. But further: the decision of the Speaker, in
reference to his notice, was also applied to a notice
given by another gentleman, [Mr. R. D. Davis,]
who had stated his intention to move to rescind the
25th rule; how, then, could the gentleman from
Tennessee get in his notice out of order? If, there-
fore, the House should determine to take up this
subject, he should expect the House to take up the
motion of which he had given notice for an amend-
ment of the rules.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. C.
JOHNSON, the SPEAKER, Mr. HARDIN, and
Mr. BARNARD.
Mr. SCHENCIC rose, and said he wished to
raise a question of order. The gentleman from
Tennessee offered his resolution, which the Speaker
now admitted to be within the rule, the previous
question having been called upon it before the
mover took his seat, thus cutting off all possibility
of'raising objections, and thus defeating a privilege
of the members of this House. Now, he appealed
from the decision of the Speaker, and he should see
whether a majority of this House would sustain
this discourteous and irregular practice of calling
theprevious question.
The SPEAKER contended that debate was not
in order.
Mr. SCHENCK said he was not debating the
question; he was simply stating his point of order,
for he wished to be understood as appealing from
the decision of the Chair, that the previous question
might be thus called, and cut off all objections.
The SPEAKER said it was the uniform practice
of the House.
The question was then taken on the appeal, and
the decision of the Chair was sustained as the judg-
ment of the House.
The question next recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, and the vote was
taken by Messrs. C. Johnson and McClkrnand as
tellers, and they reported 50 in the affirmative, and
36 in the negative. So {here was a second.
The main question was ordered to be now put,
and the question recurred on the resolution of the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. SAUNDERS called for a division of the
question; and it was accordingly divided.
Upon the first branch of the resolution the yeas
and nays were ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows:—yeas 112, nays 55.
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, James
Black, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft',
Brodh'ead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Blown, William J.
Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Gary, Catlm, Reuben Chapman,
Chappell, Cobb, Cranston, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, Ilichard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dealt,
Deberry, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Elmer, Ficklin,
Foster, French,Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Haralson, Hays,
Henley, Herrick, Iloge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, llul-
bell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Irvin, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, John P.
Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard,
Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, Mac lay,, YlcClcllaru1,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Moore, Joseph
Morris, Murphy, Owen, Payne, Pettit, Emery D. Potter,
Pratt, Purdv, Rathbun, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Rob-
inson. Russell, St. John, Saunders, David L. Seymour,-Si-
mons, Slidell, JohnT. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stcenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Sykes, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, WhHs,
Williams, J. A. Wright, and Yost—11-2. - -
