April, 1844. 
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381"
The Tariff—Mr. Preston King.
H. of Reps.
Bill reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
a "British Bill;" adding, that "the discussion on such
a bill was suitably opened by the gentleman from
Indiana, (Mr. Owen) so lately a subject of Great
Britain, and still doubtless retaining his predilections
for the land of his birth, &c."
After two unsuccessful attempts, Mr. Owen ob~
tained the floor, through the courtesy of Mr. "W-
Hunt, who gave way for his explanation; where-
upon
Mr. OWEN said: I have been anxious to obtain
the floor, in reply to the personalities of the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Wethered,] because, if
such trifles are to be replied to at all, it is better it
should be at once; they are not worth sleeping over.
I ever regret when a discussion degenerates into
such irrelevaticies. They can add nothing to an ar-
gument. What matters it whether I be (as the gen-
tleman has truly said I am) a foreigner born, or
whether he be (as he is) a manufacturer? How
shall it influence the question in discussion, whether
I have "British predilections," or he "manufactur-
ing predilections?" Shall we sit in judgment on
each other's secret motives? That belongs to a
higher tribunal than ours. That he should attribute
to me foreign feelings, or I to him mercenary inten-
tions, would be equally unparliamentary, irrelevant,
and unfair.
The gentleman spoke of me as one "so lately a
subject of Great Britain." I don't know what the
gentleman understands by " lately. " Eighteen
years ago (then just entering on manhood) I left
the British monarchy, and came to these shores. If
that was a crime, it was one th#t has often been
committed by the wisest and best. It was the crime
of the Pilgrim Fathers. The gentleman's own an-
cestors—he is not of Indian birth, I presume, sir—
(laughter) and if he be not, his own ancestors com-
mitted it. Eighteen years ago, I came to make my
home in this republic. Eighteen years ago, I settled
in the West, then almost the frontier West; and
kindly and indulgently did my adopted State receive
me, and well do I love her for it. Eighteen years
ago, I renounced allegiance to every sovereign upon
earth, save one—a free people. That is my offence!
That is the extent of my crime!
But the gentleman from Maryland takes exception
to it, that I, a naturalized citizen only, should have
opened such a debate as this. Sir, when I look
around this hall, I see two portraits, and hut two,
adorning its walls. The one, that of the father of
his country; an Americen truly by birth; an Amer-
ican far more by the noble principles he cherished,
by the glorious deeds that have made his name the
first—the brightest—on the page of human history!
The other—ay! sir, whose is the other? Let the
gentleman from Maryland answer me, whose por-
trait is the other? A European's; an aristocrat's, if
to be born among an aristocracy makes a man one
of themselves; a subject of a European king; one
bred up in the very atmosphere of a court. What
does his portrait there? Would it not be well for
the gentleman, the first day that resolutions are in
order, to introduce one for the purpose of taking
down'—of snatching from its station there—the por-
trait of that man; of the good, the wise, the great,
the venerated Lafayette; of him whom this nation
delighted to honor; of him who, when he sought
these shores, was received by America as never
nation, till then, received a man? If 1, because I am
ioreign-born, be unworthy to open such a discussion
as this, that portrait is unworthy to look upon it.
Yet what sacrilegious hand dare pluck it thence?
Sorry am I, sir, to recognise this bastard spirit of
Native Americanism here. 1 know, that it has had
its brief hour in New York; but I did not-know, that
it was to find its advocate, its partisan, in a member
of this House. Unworthy, sir—utterly unworthy
is that narrow and illiberal spirit to find a repiesent-
ative in any legislative body—least of all, on the
floor of the Congress of America. America is the
land—not of one class, one tribe, one people—a
home, not for those only to whom favoring fortune
has granted birth within its bordei'3. The world
claims birthright in America! The world admits
America's own claim, to be "the land of the free and
the home of the brave." The free claim this for
their country; the brave claim it for their country;
1—foreign-born though I be—I rightfully claim it
for my country. It is mine by free selection, by
deliberate preference; the gentleman's by accident
only. And now I am willing judgment shall go,
ana the ijecision be made, which of us has the best
of It.
SPEECH OF MR. PRESTON KING,
OF NEW YORK,
In the Hoitse of Representatives, Jlpril 30, 1844.—
On the tariff.
Mr. KING said: This subject of the tariff, is one,
of all others, the most difficult to adjust, because of
the conflicting interests which must be consulted,
and exert an influence in th% settlement of its pro-
visions. Yet it is agreed on all hands that we must
have a system of duties on imports, as the best, if
not the cheapest and most equal, means of raising
supplies for the support of this government.
The State governments are supported from the
income arising from funds or investments, the prop-
erty of the States, and by direct taxation. The
general government has not attempted to exercise
the power of direct taxation to obtain money for its
support, or to pay its ordinary and necessary ex-
penses in a time of peace. No party, I presume, de-
sires, or would advocate ,that mode of taxation by the
general government. Here and there some theorist
may talk or write, and speculate upon that subject,
but nobody, I believe, seriously proposes its adop-
tion. I do not desire direct taxation; and I am
sure the democratic party does not desire direct
taxation for the support of the federal government.
The government possesses no revenue, of any con-
siderable or permanent character, other than the re-
ceipts of money for the sale of the public lands; and
these receipts, not much varying from two to three
millions of dollars annually, in ordinary years, are
entirely insufficient to pay the expenses of the gov-
ernment, however cheaply and economically it may
be administered. It is necessary, then, to look for
some means of revenue to supply the ne-
cessary wants of the treasury; and as direct taxa-
tion by Congress is not proposed or desired in any
quarter, but is left, as it should be, to the States and
the State legislatures, it has been necessary to de-
vise some mode of indirect taxation; and the tariff,
or a tax upon property, goods, wares,and merchan-
dize, imported into the United States, has been hit
upon and adopted by this government. Nobody
proposes to abandon this system of taxation a
tariff; nearly all acknowledge that it is the beat and
least burdensome system of taxation that we can
adopt or continue. If, by any contrivance or ingen-
uity, taxation, independent and apart from the ob-
ject for which the tax is imposed or expended,
could be made a blessing to those who pay the tax,
we might suppose such a contrivance was the dis-
covery of the long-sought philosopher's stone; and
that the hope might yet be indulged of the discovery
of that secret which would enable us to turn the
baser metals into gold. But this dream of the al-
chymist has passed away before the light of more
certain science.
1 am aware that British statesmen have held that
a national debt is a national blessing, and that its
necessary attendants and consequences—a high and
artificial system of taxation, large appropriations of
public money, a national bank, and a bloated paper-
money system—were to be regarded as puolic ben-
efits.
A public debt may be a benefit to the fundhold-
er who gathci ; his interest always from the toil and
sweat, and too often from the hunger and suffering,
of the laboring millions; for the system of taxation,
although indirect and disguised by sweet and high-
sounding names, has been carried to such an extent
in the British empire that, however much wealth
and capital may not in luxury, laboi there finds but
a scanty and bare subsistence.
A national bank may be beneficial to its owners
and managers—and the Bank of England is undoubt-
edly one of the efficient arms of that monarchy. A
bloated paper money system may be- profitable to
those who make and lend it on interest, and mcicdse
or diminish its quantity according to their own good
pleasure; but all these elements together, in the Brit-
ish system of government, have reduced its labor to
want and destitution, and is constantly driving the
families of moderate means, and those who are with-
out capital, to seek a home in other lands than the
home and country of their fathers, it is this Brit-
ish system that sends the republican, liberty-lov-
ing son of Ireland, to America. The same British
system aends the stout and hardy Englishman to
this country, and induces the Scotchman to leave
his native hills for the cities, the mountains, or the
wide-spread prairies of the United States. British
statesmen eulogi?e their system, made up chiefly of
these elements, and describe with stirring and lofty
eloquence the power and splendor of their empire,
so extensive and so continuous that some Ameri-
can admirer of that empire and its institutions has
eloquently said their morning drum beat is heard
around the globe. But all the glittering pageantry
of that empire, all its splendor and all -the
power of its great army una navy, cannot conceal
the poverty and the misery of the millions who. toil
and sweat and suffer hunger and cold to sustain the
burden of that system, ancl whose only reward is
that they are the subjects of that splendid empire,
and for that they are required to sweat and toil on.
How long such a state of things shall continue- in
England and Ireland, is for the people of those -
countries to determine. Our ancestors—the men
of the revolution—declined to be subjects of
such a system, and severed their and our * connex-
ion with this mighty and splendid empire by the
sword. I desire that the separation then made from
that empire and from that system shall continue. I
should regard the transfer of that system to this
country, and its adoption by this government, as
the greatest evil that could befal the American peo-
ple—worse than pestilence or famine; for, in suffer-
ing these plagues, we should be in the hand of Him
to whom we might look for mercy and mitigation,
and an end of the evil days. But subject this young
country, and its now happy and increasing people,
to this artificial, partial, grinding British system,
and where could we expect relief from the op-
pression? Who would go to the miser for charity?
vVho would depend upon a moneyed aristocracy,
titled or untitled, for the happiness of a great and
numerous people? Let the condition of much of the
labor of England, so abject as to have come to be
denominated m this country the pauper labor of
Europe—let the poverty and destitution of the Eng-
lish laborer tell the reliance that can be placed upon
a moneyed or a titled aristocracy, upon hereditary -
lords, princely merchants, or wealthy manufactu-
rers, built up and sustained by an artificial system of
legal privilege—legal privilege that elevates the few,
degrades the many, and starves labor. Have we any
right to expect that that British system, transferred
to this country, and established here, would produce
results different from those it produces everywhere
else? Is there good and sufficient reason to suppose
that similar causes would not produce similar effects
here. Yet we find a large and powerful party in
this country, whose leaders are the admirers of Brit-
ish valor and greatness, and who cannot And it in
their hearts to withhold their admiration from any-
thing sanctioned by the example and practice of
England. When Great Britain made war to plun-
der China, and compel that peculiar people to buy
and eat British East India opium, the act found de-
fenders in this country, who, m that most unpro-
voked attack by fire and the sword upon a simple
and harmless nation, could sec only the benevolent
efforts of the British government to carry Christian-
ity and the gospel, and to extend civilization to the
Chinese. When such men saw Great Britain buy-
ing or stealing the negro in Africa, transporting; him
across the ocean, and planting slavery in her Amer-
ican colonies, they said amen to the prayers that
were offered for health and long life to King George.
When Great Britain, jealous and fearful of the ex-
ample which her emancipated colonies (now our
mighty league of free States) have placed before the
world, sends her emissaries here to assail the terms
of our compact with one another, to endanger the
peace and safety of a portion, at least, of our con-
federacy, and to attack or undermine the integrity of
the whole, we find such men inciting those more hon-
est than themselves to abolitionism. Such men are the
constant and persevering apologists for Great Britain;
and on all occasions, when the rights of the two
countries come in collision, are alarmed lest the peo-
ple of tins country may become prejudiced against
their Anglo-Saxon brethren, who speak the same
language, and (they would persuade us) differ
from us only by their residence m England.
They are the admirers of British institutions and
British fashions, and make haste to be civil to any
British loid who may stray to this country, from
motives of curiosity or gain. That such men, mainly
belonging to and constituting the federal party—
known now as the whig party—are m favor of the
obnoxious principles of that British system to which
I have alluded, is clearly evident from the half-con-
cealed doctrines of their party, and more openly de-
clared principles of Henry Clay, the chosen stand-
ard-bearer and exponent of the designs and meas-
ures that party are struggling to accomplish.
Wiintnie the *vi4ences of mm opmNwMs feQt?
