CONGftMOIit OLOM
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SJESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 24.
[ Continued from No. 23.]
ation of the tariff bill on the 27th instant, and pro-
ceed with its consideration from day to day, until
the same is disposed of.
The previous question was demanded.
Mr. WELLER moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table; and upon this motion the yeas and
nays were ordered; and being taken, resulted as fol-
lows: yeas 86, nays 90.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
The question recurred upon seconding the demand
for the previous question; and the vote being taken
by tellers, resulted thus: yea* 73, nays 75.
So there was not a second.
Mr. BLACK then moved an amendment, to the
effect that the subject of the tariff should be taken
up for consideration on the first Monday in May
next; and upon this he demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HARDIN objected to the resolution and
to the amendment; and he hoped it would be laid
over.
The previous question having been demanded,
however, before the objection was heard by the
Chair, the objection could not then be entertained.
Mr. CLINTON moved that the House adjourn:
rejected—ayes 65, rioes 66.
Mr. BLACK withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HARDIN then renewed his objections, and
the resolution went over.
On motion by Mr. MURPHY,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. MACLAY: The memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New York, praying for the
erection of a light-house upon Flynn's Knowl and
upon Execution Rocks; and also that a beacon be
placed upon the Romer's Shoal: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. ROBERTS: A memorial of a public
meeting at Vicksburg, Mississippi, in relation to the
establishment of a national armory and naval depot
at Vicksburg.
By Mr. Bossier: The petition of the Red River
Railroad company for remission of duties on iron:
referred to the Committee on Commerce. The pe-
tition and papers of Madame Baptiste Berard, pray-
ing for confirmation to a tract of land where she
now resides, on the Bayou Teche, State of Louisi-
ana. The petition and documents of J. Chretien,
in relation to a land claim in the same State. The
petition and papers of Charles Olivier Denlasel,
praying Congress to pass an act confirming a certain
tract of land therein described: all three referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims. The peti-
tion of Flavel Foster, of Louisiana, praying Con-
gress to pass a law to refund to him moneys paid to
the government of the United States for lands, by
him purchased, that have since been recognised, be-
ing in the republic of Texas: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
By Mr. CLINTON: The petition of William
Bross and others, of Orange county, New York,
for the reduction of postage.
By Mr. FLCKLIN: The memorial of A. J. Pref-
tort Presley, 0. Wilson, and 160 others, citizens of
Crawford, Jasper, Clarke, and Cumberland counties,
Illinois, asking the establishment of a post-route
from Palestine, in Crawford county, to Greenup,
ill Cumberland county, through Robinson, the coun-
ty seat of Crawford county, the Moms Settlement,
and Belleair. The memorial of Joseph Butler and
others, citizens of Richland county, Illinois, asking
a grant of land to complete the national thorough-
fare between the lakes and the Ohio, by the improve-
ment of the Wabash.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: The petition of Thom-
as Flanegan, of Philadelphia, praying Congress to
grant him a pension for military services in 1795
and 1798.
By Mr. CIIAPPELL: The petition from the
mayor and many of the citizens of Macon, Georgia,
for the daily transportation of the mail by steam-
boats between the cities of Savannah and Charles-
ton: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
By J. W. J ONES, (Speaker:) The memorial of the
legislative council of the Territory of Iowa, for the
formation of a constitution and State government: re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories. The peti-
tion of William Cotton, an old revolutionary soldier,
for a pension: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions. The memorial from the rail-
road companies of Virginia: referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. The petition from
Maine Temperance Union respecting spirit rations
in the navy: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs:
By Mr. J. W. DAVIS; The memorial of Samuel
R. C. Buckner and 81 others; of Lazarus Ritter and
100 others, of Green county; of John B. Herrington
and 90 others; all praying a grant of land in'the
Vincennes land district, Indiana, for the purpose of
completing the Wabash and Erie canal from Terre
Haute, Indiana, to the Ohio river.
By Mr. LEONARD: The petition of Walter
Monroe, of the city and State of New York, (a col-
ored man,) praying a pension for services rendered
as a soldier in the revolutionary war. The petition
of Sarah Sergeant, of the said city and State, widow
of James Sergeant, deceased, praying a pension in
consideration of the services of her late husband, as
a soldier in the same war.
By Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin: The petition of
60 citizens of Grant county, Territory of Wiscon-
sin, asking the establishment of a mail route from
Lancaster, the county seat of said county, to Wing-
ville, situated on Blue river: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The peti-
tion of 120 citizens of the county of Milwaukie, Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a
mail route from the town of Milwaukie, following
the Territorial road, to Watertown and Fort Winne-
bago, through Menomona, Lisbon, Warren, Ocon-
omewoe, and Pipersville: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The petition
of citizens of the Territory of Wisconsin, asking
for the establishment of a mail route northeast-
wardly from Madison, the seat of government of
said territory, via Sun Prairie, in Dana county,
Columbus, in Portage county, and Beaver, in Dodge
county, to Waupon, in Fondukc county: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 12,1844.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he received, some days
ago, a printed memorial from the citizens of Cincin-
nati to Congress, relative to the navigation of the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers; and with it a letter
from a distinguished gentleman, who was chairman
of the committee, which prepared the memorial; the
letter requesting him (Mr. Morehead) to present
the memorial to the Senate. The time which had
elapsed smce the reception of the memorial had been
occupied by him (Mr. M.) in making such an anal-
ysis of its contents as would enable him to present
a concise view of the subject to the Senate, and in
a proper manner. If he should, in doing so, con-
sume the tune of the Senate, he trusted it would not
be attributed to any disposition to occupy that time
unnectssarily; but to the solicitude which he felt m
the subject, and the respect lie entertained for the
gentlemen who had made him the organ of its com-
munication. With several of those whose names
appear in the printed proceedings, he was well ac-
quainted, and also with those appended to the me-
morial. He took occasion heie to say that they arc
gentlemen as much entitled to respect and confidence
as any with whom lie had the pleasure of being ac-
quainted.
He would submit the condensed statement which
he had himself drawn up from the mcmoiial, and
generally in the language of the memorial itself, for
the purpose of presenting faithfully the views of
the memorialists. The subject is one of the greatest
interest to those on the other side of the Alleghany
mountains. It sots out with a description of the
Western territory, its extent, resources, and popula-
tion. Its extent was from the 29th to the 47th
degree of north latitude, and from the Alleghany to
the Rocky mountains; embracing an average length
of 12 degrees, and a medium breadth of 10 degrees,
and. containing 432,000 square miles- of territory,
including nine States, two Territories, and portions
of two other States; the population being 8,437,000;
but leaving out the one-third of Pennsylvania and
Virginia, the population of the residue Vould be
6,461,000—a little more than one-third of the popu- ,
lation of the United States. -It states the length of
the Ohio river from Pittsburg to its mouth, at 1,000
miles; the length of the Mississippi from the Falls
of St. Anthony to its mouth at 2,000 miles; and of
the Missouri 3,000 miles—making a general internal
navigation of 12,000 miles.
Mr. M. continued his observations for nearly an
hour, being an analysis of the statistics contained in
the memorial; also other statistics connected with
the commerce and general growth of the West. He
concluded by moving the printing of the memorial;
which was agreed to.
Mr. McDUFFIE presented a petition from Joseph
R. Boulware, and other citizens of the districts of
Abbeville and Newbury, in South Carolina, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Newbury
court-house to Woodville, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Jonas Preston and oth-
ers, for certain compensation.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Commit-
tee on Pensions was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Peter Amie for a
pension.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported a
bill granting a pension to William Mcpherson;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BERRIEN said that several petitions had
been presented and referred to the Committee on
Claims, asking remuneration for losses sustained in
Florida. The committee reported a general bill, in
which he finds that the claims of one of the petition-
ers had not been embraced in it. He therefore
moved that the bill and petitions be recommitted to
the same committee, with a view of making pro-
vision for the case alluded to: agreed to.
Mr. B. also, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the bill from the
House for altering the place of holding the district
court of the United States for the district of New
Jersey.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of James Ritchie;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading,
and the report accompanying ordered to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill for the relief of James
Pemberton Hutcheson, late a consul of the United
States; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of Julius A. Culbertson; which was order-
ed to he on the table, and be printed.
Mr. ARCHER called for the special orders of the
day.
OREC.'ON QUESTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the res-
olution submitted by Mr. SkjIple, m the following
words:
Revoked, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the third article of the convention concluded be-
tween the goNernmpnt of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Biitannic Majesty the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on the
20th October, 1818, and indefinitely continued by
the convention between the same parties, signed at
London the 6th August, 1827.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was deeply impressed
with the importance of this question; and still more
deeply impressed with the conviction that a speedy
and peaceful settlement of it could only be. obtained
by speedy aetion upon the subject. All were anx-
