April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Railroad Iron—Mr. Bidlack.
H. of Reps.
ject are liable to err. I shall not deny, that what
the advocates of a high protective tariff allege on
this floor is, to some considerable extent, true. The
.price of shirts and coats, and pantaloons and hats
and boots, and all ready-made clothing, may have
fallen since the tariff of 1842. The price of wheat
and com, and beef and pork, and butter and cheese,
and many other products of the farmer, may have
been reduced. The prices of these articles were
certainly very low—too low for the prosperity of
the farmer in the part of the country where I reside,
at the time 1 left home last fall. With these reduc-
tions, the wages of labor—quite low enough before
,—may also have been reduced within the last two
or three years. The newspapers have, within that
time, given accounts of strikes against the reduction
of wages in some of our cities and at some of our
manufacturing establishments. But surely the
song of "two dollars a day and roast beef," sung in
1840, must have been set to a new tune when the
whigs bring forward these reduced prices, and claim
them as the good result of their legislation and
their policy. But it is said that the prices of mer-
chandise have risen, and that trade and commerce in
our cities is more brisk and active, and that our
manufacturing establishments are making fair profits
and good dividends, and that the country is in some
respects recovering its prosperity.
In my judgment, various causes, seen and un-
seen, exert an influence upon the course of business
and the prices of commodities. I believe those gen-
tlemen err who attribute everything to the tariff, or
to any other single cause. A tariff is necessary, as
a means of revenue for the support of govern-
ment, and the tariff is one of all other mea-
sures that should be adjusted upon other
and broader principles than those of party politics
or sectional interests. I, sir, am in favor of a tariff,
and I would vote here or anywhere against a repeal
or abandonment of the tariff, and a resort to other
measures of revenue for the support of the govern-
ment. But while I say this unhesitatingly, I say,
•with equal confidence in the accuracy of the opinion
in my own mind, that the tariff act of 1842 is gross-
ly defective and unjust; and I will, on any occa-
sion that I may have, vote to modify and amend it.
1 regard stability as one of tire most desirable and
important properties of a tariff; and, to be stable and
satisfactory, it must be leasonable and just. The
law of 1842 is very unequal in the rate of duties it
imposes. I am aware that some discrimination
should be made in the rate of duties upon different
commodities; but that discrimination should be ar-
ranged upon the principles of justice and equality,
and with fairness towards the great sections and in-
terests of the country. The duties should always
be levied in such a manner as will best promote all
the general interests of the country, and be least
burdensome upon any. The tariff of 1842
contains discriminating duties of a most par-
tial character. Its mode of levying the duties by
minimuins and maximums and specific duties of so
much upon the pound or square quard upon articles
varying greatly in value, and yet required to pay
the same duties, is objectionable. It has the ap-
pearance of an effort to conceal from the casual ob-
server and from the public eye the real rates of du-
ty. The discrimination of that law favors those
who buy the valuable and expensive article, requir-
ing from them but the same amount of duty which
must be paid by those who are only able to pur-
chase a similar article of less value and inferior
quality. It discriminates in favor of the manufac-
turer and against the farmer. _ There are but few
articles of the farmer's production that can receive
the benefit of the protection that a tariff gives against
foreign competion in the home market; because, of
all the great staples of agriculture, instead ot im-
porting them, this country raises a surplus for ex-
portation which it desires to send and sell abroad.
Of all the three great interests of the country—agri-
culture, commerce, and manufactures—agricultuie
is the broadest and greatest, and bears most burdens;
yet receives less, and perhaps needs less, than anv
other, the benefits that result from legislation. But all
three are justly and alike entitled to the attention
and fostering care of government, and neither should
be required to bear a burden for the benefit of either
or both the others. The tariff of 1842 does not
measure equal justice to these great interests, nor to
the different sections of the country in which one or
the other of them is the predominant interest. That
law was regarded and pronounced, by those who
passed it, as a very defective law;, which would
. promptly require material modification &nd amend-
ment. It was passed, because no other could be
had in the distracted condition of the last Congress,
and because without the enactmentof some revenue
law, the wheels of government must have stopped.
Its-partial and unequal character is mostly distinct-
ly; marked in the very question now under con-
sideration by this House. By that law, a duty of
five per cent, is imposed upon coarse wool; a duty
of thirty per cent., and three cents a pound upon
fine wool; and a duty of forty per cent upon all
articles manufactured of wool, except carpets, the
duties upon which range from 28 to 87 per cent., the
lowest duty being upon the richest carpeting, and
the highest duties upon the most common car-
peting. Why is this discrimination? Why is com-
mon coarse wool put on a duty of five per cent., and
ail articles whatsoever, manufactured of wool, except
carpets put on a duty of forty per cent. If the manu-
facturer has forty percent on his cloth, why should
not the farmer have 40 per cent, on his wool' If
you cannot put both at 40, why not put them both
alike, at whatever duty the interest of the country
will allow to be placed on either? I shall vote to
raise the duty on this wool to 30 per cent., the
highest sum proposed for it; and wherever, as we come
to them, I shall believe the duty too be too high on
any article, (as it is on many,) I shall vote to reduce
the duty: wherever the duty is too low upon any
article, I shall vote to raise it.
There are two articles—tea and coffee—of very
general use, not produced in this country, upon which
no duty is levied, although it was proposed and
strongly urged, m the last Congress, that a duty
should belaid upon them. Concerning these articles,
I should not have deemed that I was called upon to
express any opinion, as it is not proposed by the
amendatory bill to levy a duty upon them. But
from the fact that a distinguished member from the
whig side of the House, at an early day of the ses-
sion, offered a resolution to instruct the Committee
of Ways and Means to inquire into the expediency
of levying a duty upon tea and coffee, I feel jus-
tified (although the proposition found no favor with
the majority of that committee, and is not therefore
directly presented for decision) in saying at this
time, that, should the proposition be made, 1 should
vote 'gainst imposing a duty on tea and coffee. I
desire that the tariff should be arranged upon prin-
ciples of impartiality and justice to all the
great interests and sections of the country; and
that, when so arranged, the duties may be fixed and
stable. I believe stability is of more importance,
and of more interest to the whole country, and to
all its parts, than the question whether'the duty
upon any particular article is 1 or 2 per cent, more,
or 1 or 2 per cent. less. I believe it important to all
the interests of the country, that we should have a
stable law, that men should be able to know before-
hand what the duties are this year, and that they
will next year be the r .me. A tariff, to be stable
and permanent, must be essentially just to all. No
man should deceive himself with the idea that the
American people will ever permanently sanction in-
justice to any the smallest or most humble portion
of ourcitizens. The tariff should be such as will
produce sufficient, and no more than sufficient, rev-
enue, in the annual average, in addition to the re-
ceipts from the sales of the public lands, to pay the
necessary and economical expenses of the govern-
ment; to pay th ■ interest upon the public debt, now
exceeding twenty-five millions of dollars, and grad-
ually to pay and extinguish the principal of that
debt. In settling the provisions of the tai iff, it is the
duty of the members of this Honse, who have been
chosen to represent all the people, to guard and pro-
tect the rights and interests of that large portion of
our citizens, who, relying upon the fidelity of their
representatives, do not send special agents here to
seek, from special legislation, privilege and favor
and advantage to the few, above and beyond what
can be granted to all. I think the sooner we get the
tariff settled upon a just basis, and unite upon it all
over the country, and stand by it, and sustain it,
the better.
REMARKS OF MR. BIDLACK,
OF PEINXSyLVANIA,
In Ihe House of Representative , .Ipril 24, 1844.—On
railroad iron.
The policy heretofore adopted of admitting rail-
road iron free of duty, was founded upon the sup-
position that we could not supply the demand. Pre-
vious to the successful experiments made with our
anthracite cos! as a fuel in the manufacture of iron,
there was perhaps some reason for the course pur*
sued. There is, however, no occasion for it hereaf-
ter.
It is now only about four, years since the first suc-
cessful experiment was made, and there has already
been erected no less than twenty furnaces ujion this
principle: sixteen in Pennsylvania and four in New
Jersey; and others are about to he erected. These
furnaces are capable alone of producing sixty or
seventy thousand tons; being more than one-fifth of
the whole production from charcoal in the United
States. In addition to all this, there are five furnaces
and two rolling mills, in Pennsylvania and Maryland,
that use bituminous coal.
While our furnaces were kept in blast by charcoal,
demanding not only immense tracts of woodland to
furnish fuel, but requiring so many hands and trains
to coal and haul fuel, it was well doubted whether
we could supply the demand at reasonable prices;
but there is no longer doubt. I recollect to have
heretofore had occasion to refer to the fact that, in
grading a railroad in Tennessee, the whole distance
nearly was graded through banks of iron ore, which
was thrown away as useless, and iron was imported
to make this very road. Acting upon such blind
policy, no wonder the people of the States are em-
barrassed. Now, what I have to say, sir, on this
point, is, if the people of other Stales are determined
to throw away their ore, and buy their iron, let them
come to Pennsylvania, and we can supply the de-
mand: yes, since the recent discovery, there can be
no fears of deficiency. Why, the district which I
have the honor to represent, could alone fill all your
orders, if you will give us a little notice in advance.
My district is a valley of coal, surrounded by moun-
tains of iron.
I have already said the anthracite furnaces which
have recemly sprung up, in view of supplying this
article, are capable of furnishing at least 60;000 tons
per annum. Our annual importations have averaged
about 12,000 tons. Will it be fair, by special legis-
lation, to break down those establishments thus com-
menced, or force their facilities in a direction that
would ruin the charcoal operations?
In Columbia county, at or near Danville, there
are six blast furnaces, capable of producing from
twelve to fifteen thousand tons pig iron per annum;
three or four of them now in blast, and the others
about to go into blast. There is also a small blast
furnace near Catawissa. At Shamokin, in North-
umberland county, fourteen miles from Danville,
there is another furnace capable of yielding three
thousand tons per annum; which, it is said, will
soon commence operations. These furnaces have
been built within four years. All have been in blast
for considerable periods; but the suppressed state of
the market, and want of demand, prevented their
continuance in blast. They would now sell their
iron at a lower price than is actually prevailing in
the markets on the seaboard. It is reported that a
blast furnace will be erected in a few months at
Bloomsburg, in the same county. In Luzerne coun-
ty, at Hyde Park, there is another furnace—having
just entered on its second blast, after a suspension of
about a year, for the reason stated above—the stag-
nation in the market,—together with a rolling and
nail mill attached, to commence work in about two
months. This entire establishment is capable of
turning out about two thousand tons of bar iron and
nails annually. At Wilksbarre, in the same coun-
ty, anew and extensive rolling and nail mill has just
been put in operation, which is capable of manu-
facturing annhally eight thousand tons of pigs into
finished bar and plate and nails. This establish-
ment was commenced in 1841, and would have been
some time since at work but for the absence of de-
mand for iron. The development of the iron man-
ufacture in these two counties (Luzerne and the ad-
joining' county of Columbia) is a matter of interest
to the whole country. These two counties may
boast of having first set the example of the success-
ful pioduction of iron from the ores, on a large scale,
with anthracite coal; and the rolling mills and blast
furnaces enumerated above use no other fuel. They
owe their existence entirely to the project of intro-
ducing this fuel into the manufacture of finished iron
from Fhe ores—a project which has been attended
with complete success. The influence which this
new manufacture will exert on the general market is
yet to be shown. These establishments are the first
instances of the use of mineral coal in making pig
iron in the United States. The importance of this
application of the anthracite will be made apparent
from the following considerations,
TV economy and facility of extending the mami*
