S84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Railroad Iron—Mr. Sidlack.
April, 1844.
H. of Reps.
facture arising from the use of any mineral coal, as
compared with charcoal, is evident upon the most
superficial view, and needs no illustration. It may
be proper, however, to refer to the result attending
its introduction in Great Britain. In the year 1740,
there were in England fifty-nine blast furnaces using
charcoal, and producing 17,350 tons of pig metal—
for each furnace 284 tons per annum, or 5j tons per
week. In 1788, when there is the first mention, in
the accounts to which I have referred, of the use of
mineral coal, there were twenty-four charcoal fur-
naces producing 11 tons each per week, and fifty-
three using coke, (made from bituminous coal,)
yielding each 171 tons per week. The whole an-
nual product in that year was—from twenty-four
charcoal furnaces, 13,100 tons; from fifty-three coke
furnaces, 48,800 tons—in all, 61,900 tons.
In 1796, the wood-charcoal process was almost
entirely abandoned. There were, in that year, 121
blast furnaces, furnishing 124,879 tons. In 1802,
there were in Great Britain 168 blast furnaces, yield-
ing 170,000 tons. In 1820,. the product had risen
io 400,000 tons; and in 1826, it was estimated at
600,000. In 1836, it is stated to have been 1,000,000
tons. Notwithstanding this experience of Great
Britain, up to the year 1840 no effective movement
had been made in this country for the use of min-
eral coal in smelting iron ores. But it is apparent
that a new era has now arrived in the iron manufac-
ture in the United States; and that the influence
which the use of mineral coal, especially the anthra-
cite, will exert upon its future extension, may well
receive consideration from the national legislature.
The anthracite will have the more immediate influ-
ence, from the circumstance of its lying in the sec-
tion of country east of the Alleghany ridge, in con-
tiguity to the seaboard, and to the commercial cities
which principally receive and distribute the supplies
of iron coming from abroad. The bituminous coal,
so far as opened hitherto, lies mostly in and west of
the Alleghany. It is hazarding little, therefore, to
say that the use of mineral coal is destined, when-
ever it receives the requisite expansion, to place the
iron manufacture of the United States on a par with
that of Great Britain, from its equalizing in the two
countries, in a great degree, the first and essential
conditions for producing iron extensively and cheap-
ly. Nor is it to be doubted that this manufacture
will undergo a rapid extension, if there be any en-
couragement in the state of the markets. The ele-
ments exist in abundance; and a very little more
than the ordinary remuneration of the labor and
capital employed will, in the now improving condi-
tion of the country, stimulate to a rapidly increasing
production.
It may not, perhaps, be deemed inappropriate, in
view of the .subject, to add some general considera-
tions to the above statement of the iron manufac-
ture in the counties of Luzerne and Columbia. In
the sketch which has been given of the production
of these counties, allusion has been made to the de-
pressed condition of the markets, for two years past,
(a depression extending to all pursuits,) as having de-
layed the completion and operation of the furnaces
and rolling-mills. It is well known there has been a
great depression of prices on the stacks in market,
of iron as of other articles, during that period; and
the natural consequence has been the suspension of
many, perhaps most, of the producing establish-
ments, which, it is evident, cannot be immediately
revived, nor the production be immediately restored.
In auch vacillations of the markets for any article,
a period of glut is invariably succeeded by a period
of scarcity; while the stimulus thus again imparted
to production in due time cures the evil in a natural
way. The healthful and prosperous tone of the
market—that in which there is a fair and equal com-
petition among the producers as among the con-
sumers, is again restored—and the condition pro-
duced which is most favorable to the prosperity of
both classcs. May it not then be said that, for the
consumers at the present time to enter a complaint
before the general government against the producers
—the former having comparatively prospered, and
the latter suffered for a consideiable period of time—
is a remarkable movement, and to be viewed as
neither generous nor just? Nor is the argument they
use less objectionable. Its drift is, in effect, as fol-
lows: When they complain that parties will not
contract to furnish railroad iron, or other iron, at
any reasonable price, (although the prices in market
are much lower than have generally prevailed here-
tofore,) they must refer to the rates prevalent during
the period of embarrassment and diminished con-
sumption' already mentioned; ami when they pro-
pose, as a remedy, the repeal of existing duties,
they must refer to lower prices current in foreign
markets—that is, in fact, in Great Britain. Let us
look, then, to the condition of the iron manufacture
in Great Britain. It is well known a depression
and suffering has existed there, and still continues,
far more intense than has been experienced in the
United States. The consumers look then to getting
their iron at rates which meet their views from a
foreign country—from a market in which the pro-
ducers are at this moment weighed down to the very
verge of ruin, (a large portion, indeed, ruined.)
Notwithstanding, by their long experience, the
abundance of capital and low wages of labor, they
are able, from these advantages alone, to manufac-
ture far below the lowest rates in the United States.
And, in this position of the c&se, the consumers do
not hesitate, in order to effect their object, to ask the
general government to repeal a law enacted three
years since after mature consideration, and only to
take effect in two years from its enactment, (or
thereabouts;) in fact, they ask the government to
abandon the established policy of the country for
the last twenty or twenty-five years; though the
effect would inevitably be either to reduce our own
producers (in view of our now largely increasing
production) to the same desperate condition, or to
raise the prices and relieve the condition of those
abroad—thus thwarting the very purpose and
object governing these consumers in their applica-
tion. The susceptibility of the iron market in
Great Britain, and the extreme changes which take
place in it, with the varying relations of production
and consumption, will readily be perceived from a
consideration"of the prevailing prices during a period
of ten or twelve years—from 1824 to 183G. With-
in this period there were fluctuations from ■£'.) in
1824, and .£10 and .£14 in 1825, down to £5 and
£5 10s. in 1832; thence up again, until, in 1836,
they had attained the full rates of 1825, to which
the great demand for railroad iron in the Unitdd
States in 1834, 1835, and 1836 greatly contributed.
And if a large demand for the same article were
now to spring up from the United States, the duty
being taken off, a similar result would, in all proba-
bility, be again produced. The iron masters of
Great Britain are a body of men closely associated
and acting together. They have their quarterly
meetings, at which they adopt measures for the gen-
eral welfare of their whole body, including the de-
termination of prices for each ensuing quarter.
Their deliberations embrace a survey of the whole
commercial globe; and they pursue a system scarce-
ly less comprehensive than that of their government.
It is well known that they do not hesitate to supply
extensive markets at losing prices for a time, if they
believe this may, in the end, promote the removal
of heavy duties imposed on their products.
In regard to the article of railroad iron, it is al-
leged we cannot fill the demand. The Boston and
Fitchburg railroad is the principal enterprise of this
kind actually in course of prosecution for a year
past, or at the present time. And this enterprise, it
is believed, originated, or was vigorously taken up,
after the passage of the law imposing the duty on
railroad iron. To this company an offer was made
a few months since, by a responsible house of high
character in Boston, to furnish the whole of their
rails, (estimated at six or seven thousand tons,)
of American manufacture, at a price which should
be equivalent to the then cost of importation, the low-
est for this article which has at any time prevailed
since the duty was imposed, and lower than the av-
erage cost of the importations in 1834 and 1837,
when free of duty. The offer was not entertained,
and a partial order was undertood to be sent to
England for so much as would suffice for immedi-
ate wants.
The proprietor of the rolling mill at Wilkesbarre
had been somewhat solicitious, during several weeks
m the fall of 1843, to take an order for railroad iron
from a party professing to represent an incorporate
company, and at a similar rate to the foregoing;
but it appeared there were not the means of making
payment. It is believed that the demand which
would arise for this article for some time to come,
or which now exists, is chiefly from parties or com-
panies having the means of payment only in antici-
pation, though there are doubtless others who have
the ability. It is also probable the movement
against the duty mainly proceeds from parties anx-
ious to prosecute either new enterprises of this sort,
or who have now unfinished works, and who im-
agine their object would be materially aided by the
removal of the duty—an idea which depends en-
tirely on English iron remaining at present quota-
tions; which is a futile reliance, as the very demand
which might then arise, would inevitably create a
propertionate advance in the article. Or, if their de-
pendence rest upon the chance of obtaining the iron'
without immediate payment, this consideration sure-
ly would add no weight to their application.
To take a comprehensive view of this question, it
may be safely affirmed, without fear of well-found-
ed contradiction, that in view of the extensive de-
mand for railroad iron, which must exist, and con-
tinue to exist in this country—and we may add in
other countries—it is not wise to throw all depend-
ence for this article on the iron masters of another
country, i. e. of Great Britain.
That the sound policy is to raise up competitors
in this article among the producers in our own coun-
try. Whatever may be said in regard to this pol-
icy, as applicable to products and merchandise gene-
rally, it is believed there can be but one view—one
opinion upon it in relation to this article.
Railroad iron is not to be confounded with arti-
cles of trade; it comes in to form the material of our
highways, stretching over thousands of miles, and
to be lengthened still more from year to year:
nor simply to be constructed once, but to be renew-
ed from time to time, like other highways. It is not
more possible for any country to sustain itself under
a course of importations for such a purpose, than
for the materials of our houses and fences on our
farms. And the pressure of the case is so imme-
diately upon us;—we have already imported so
much of railroad iron—and the demand for so much
more is only kept back to obtain the means of pay-
ment, (the hard money to be remitted away,) that
the stand should now be finally taken. Whatever
measures, if any new onesaie required, (which itis
believed there are not,) should not be delayed to
secure the early and effectual beginning of the man-
ufacturer in this country. A strong assurance that
the present law will remain in force is all that is
needed to secure an extensive production within a
very brief period. But so long as applications for
its repeal shall be favorably entertained by any con-
siderable body in Congress, the preparations will be
limited in extent; although there are now, as
stated before, parties willing to furnish the article at
moderate prices.
An estimate might be made of the probable de-
mands for railroad iron for the next years; but it
will suffice to mention only two or three roads, now
in course of prosecution.
The Boston and Fitchburg company will
probably require, having extended their Tons,
route, not less than - 10,000
The New York and Erie railroad compa-
ny, in a report lately made, and in which
they avow their determination to pros-
ecute the undertaking, state their require-
ments to be - - - 34,000
Strong efforts are making to construct a
road between the cities of New York and
Albany, for which there is no lack of
ability, and this would require at least - 12,500
For three roads
- 56,500
There are many others now in contemplation,
with all the corporate rights obtained. And there
are several exisUng roads, which only wait until
they can command the means to lay down the
second track, which is needful in every instance to
constitute a finished road ; while theie are many
others that wish to substitute the heavy rail for the
flat bar. How this iron, if imported, is going to be
paid for, and what effect the payment will have upon
the exchanges and currency of the whole country,
is a material point in the general question. It is to
be presumed that all these considerations, and many
others, were duly weighed when the existing law-
was enacted. The original exemption of railroad
iron from the duties of importation levied on other
iron, was dictated by far other considerations than
can now be urged for its restoration. Then, rail-
roads were a novelty; there was no conception of
the extent to which they would be laid down at a
future day. It was supposed that rails could
not be made in this country. There was a
disposition to encourage the building of them,
the cost of the rail being the principal item,
and the state of our iron manufacture but in its
infancy. The repeal of this act of exemption took
place after many years of' its enjoyment by those
interested in railroads. It was debated during' two
