'§§<
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844^
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—.Mr. Slidell.
H. of Reps.
sion that it was to obtain peace and stability in their
business operations'
But, sir, there is another test by which I desire
to try the comparative merits of the present law
with the operations of the compromise. Next to
the evils inflicted upon the community by the im-
proper conduct of the banks, have been the evils
arising from the system of purchasing too much, or
selling too little. In 1839, our imports exceeded our
exports something like forty millions of dollars.
The amount of imports has been lessened, in two
years, thirty-eight millions six hundred and eighty-
five thousand two hundred and eighty-two dollars;
while the revenue yielded under the new tariff last
year, over that of 1840, is about two millions, and
is half a million more than in any year (except one)
that has been received within four years.
The exports of 1843 were - $100,063,265
The imports of 1843 were - 89,260,895
In favor of the United States - 10,802,370
It has been well said that it is desirable to have
the balance of trade in our favor. It is what we do
not often get with England; and I would adhere to
the policy which gives it to us, and at the same time
brings us sufficient revenue. When it is found the
present law produces either too much or an insuffi-
cient revenue, the argument in favor of a change
will be stronger. Our rates of duty are not higher
than other countries impose upon us. In every ar-
rangement between nations, as between individuals,
there should be a reciprocity of advantages. It has
been well inquired:
Suppose we should repeal our tariff of duties, and blot
from our statute book every act which gives a preference to
American shipping: would this constitute free and equal
trade? Take our commerce with England for an example;
Ave open our ports to her, and receive her commodities free
of duty. What treatment do we receive from her in return?
Does she open her ports and receive our stables duty free''
No! even in her revised tariff of 1842, she imposes duties
which, if carried out ad valorem, would amount to the fol-
lowing rates, viz:
Indian corn, average ♦ • 30 percent.
Flour, do. • - 30 do
Sperm oil - - - 33 do
Sperm candles • 33 do
Salted pork - - • - 33 do
Salted beef - - • 59 do
Butter • - • 70 do
Kosm • - - 76 do
Bacon .... 109 do
Soaj) - - - 200 do
Spirits from grain - - - 600 do
Tobacco, unmanufactured - - 1000 do
Tobacco, manufactured - - 1200 do
Spirits from molasses ♦ • 1600 do
Here is the free trade which Great Britain extends to us.
She imposes such duties as her own interest requires. Nor
is the policy of England at all peculiar in this respect.
"Within two years, Russia. France, and the Prussian Com-
mercial Union, have revised their tariffs, and increased their
rate of duties. Even Mexico, a neighboring republic, has,
within the same period, adopted a new tariff, which is abso-
lutely prohibitory upon all articles which she can grow or
manufacture. Among the prohibited articles are some of
our great staples—viz: rice, flour, wheat, raw cotton, cotton
yarn and thread, coarse cottons, &.c.
It is true, whenever we are about to discuss a re-
vision of our tariff, then the orators and writers of
England flood this country with sentiments of a
more liberal policy—a policy which they are careful
never to adopt, and which it is fair to infer they do
not design to make a part of their system. Previous
to the passage of the law of 1824, by our Congress,
the Chancellor of the Exchequer in England made
and published one of those very liberal speeches, in-
tended, no doubt, for effect upon the action of the
American government, but not for the adoption of
Parliament.
Mr. B. was proceeding to compare the present law
still further with the proposed bill, when, it being
late in the day, he gave way for a motion to rise.
The next day lie resumed his remarks, winch will
be published hereafter.
SPEECH OF MR. SLIDELL,
OF LOUISIANA.
la the House of Representatives, Jlpril 27, J 844—
On the tariff.
Mr. SLIDELL. rose and said—■
The question now under discussion has been agi-
tating the nation since 1816, when the principle of
protection was, for the first time, engrafted upon
our revenue system. It has, during this period,
always been one of the prominent grounds of divis-
ion between parties, with occasional exacerbations
o; iemissions of intensity in the contest, and with,
it must be admitted, frequent interchanges amoral
the leaders of the hostile camps, and some notable
mutations of opinion among the masses, even in
their sectional divisions. Some of these changes
are doubtless to be ascribed to a corresponding
change of interests, caused by the creation or develop-
ment of new branches of industry, and by increased
investments of capital; but, in the main, they have
been produced by a progress in sound public opin-
ion, the result of the discussion of principles, and
the investigation of facts. The energies of the
strongest minds of the country have been tasked ill
attacking or defending the system of protection; it
has been thoroughly examined in all its various
bearings, and I have not the presumption to suppose
that, in relation to its general principles, I can ad-
vance any new ideas, or even illustrate old ones, by
placing them in a different or more striking light;
but, as one of the representatives of a State deeply
interested in the culture of an article, standing, as I
think, on grounds peculiar and distinct from any
other, I feel that I should be guilty of a culpable
remissness were I to yield to that reluctance of
trespassing upon the time of the committee, which
I most profoundly and unaffectedly entertain. I
shall at least have the merit—which I cannot but
regret should be so rare a one on this floor—
of confining myself to the question before us.
What I shall say will be, if I know myself, un-
tinged, intentionally at -least, with any infusion of
partisanship, without reference to the presidential,
or any other election, or to mere party politics. I
shall not soar into the higher regions of political
economy, orconstitutional law; but shall restrict my-
self to the humbler task of presenting certain facts—
some bearing on the general question of protection;
others relating to matters of detail; but all, in my
opinion, necessary to sustain the position which I
shall take on the sugar duty.
Important as the question of protection is, I can-
not but think that the effects of the system, either
for good or for evil, are very greatly exaggerated.
An influence is attributed to the operations of the
tariff on all the great interests of the country, which
has no existence, except in the heated imaginations
of the zealots among its advocates or opponents.
The distress of the country, before the passage of
the present tariff law, was attributed by the whig
party to two great causes,—the want of what they
call a well-regulated currency—or, in other words,
the paper of a national bank—and the destruction of
the protective system, by the operation of the com-
promise act. The first of these causes was general-
ly considered by them as much the more potent of
the two; but as tlrat once indispensable agent, if not
abandoned by gentlemen on the other side, is at
least kept out of view, for the present, the merits of
the tariff are not now cast into the shade by the ef-
fulgence of the great regulator. 1 had once supposed
that a bank was the sun of the great whig system,
dispensing light and heat and vitality through all its
parts, and around which revolved, as by a necessary
law of nature, all the great interests of the country;
that, as the great Catholic dogma is, there can be
no salvation out of the bosom of the church, so in
the whig creed, there could be no true faith but in
a bank.
But if seems that this belief was only the super-
stition of the multitude, not the doctrine of those
initiated into the deeper mysteries, of the high priests
of the party: tariff is now the shibboleth.
Tlie i)3tion is prosperous, revenues abundant, and not ex-
cessive; business active; specie almost a supertluitj; loans
below the rate of legal interest, and easily attainable; em-
ployment of industry at hand; wages liberal, exchanges low;
the credit of the government at the highest point; an'ahsence
of all pecuniary inflation, and an apparent prudence in-
stilled into the operations of trade, together with well
grounded hope that the happy restoration of confidence
which has been eliected v. ill long continue.
Could the enthusiast, ill his wildest dreams, have
hoped for higher or happier results fie estab-
lishment, of a national bank' Ey whom, Mr. Chair-
man, do you suppose this vivid picture of national
prosperity to he drawn' Who are the happy
people' and with what form of a national hank have
they been blessed.' How has this almost ideal state
of happiness been brought about? You will smile
with incredulity when you hear that tins is an ex-
tract from the report of the minority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, made a few days since;
and that it is of our condition that it speaks. And
to what miraculous agency is our prosperity attrib-
uted? To the tariff, forsooth, because all these
gratifying circumstances began to "appear at the
earliest moment of the operation of the tariff, as it
is, and have not ceased to gain strength during an un-
interrupted course of eighteen months." . Where
can you find so eloquent, and at the same time so con-
clusive, a reply to all the gloomy vaticinations of whig
soothsayers of the effects of the vetoes, for which
the democracy owe so large a debt of gratitude to
our Chief Magistrate? While the advocates of the
protective system have thus claimed for it the ex-
clusive merit of our restored prosperity, on the
the other hand, the disciples of free trade have
ascribed the diminished importation of the last fiscal
year solely to the oppressive operation of the tariff;
but are now not a little staggered by the very large
amount of revenue collected during the quarter
which has just closed.
There is no more deceptive or short-sighted mode
of reasoning than to consider mere sequence, in
point of time, as proving a consequence or relation
of cause and effect; yet the post-hoc, ergo propter-
hoc, argument is so convenient, and sometimes so
specious, that it is not surprising it should be so
frequently and so successfully employed. The
diminished importations of 1840, '41, '42, and '43,
as compared with the previous four years, were
caused by the return from an inflated currency to a
specie basis, accompanied by that general pressure,
and frequent individual distress, always consequent
upon such a reaction. We were expiating, in peni-
tence and fasting, the follies and the feastings of a
period of general hallucination. We had all been
living too freely. It is too much* the habit of our
people to expend the whole income of the year,
however uncertain, precarious, or even imaginary,
it may be. We keep no fund in reserve. The
consequence is, that any of the changes in the
standard of value which have, unfortunately, been
heretofore so frequent with us, and which are the
necessary forced concomitants of any paper system,
always operate unfavorably upon the habits of the
people, producing, for a time, an extravagance and
profusion, which can only be compensated by cor-
responding retrenchment and abstinence. We have
just passed through a crisis of this sort. We have
economized until we are out of debt. We have re-
trenched until we have brought our expenditure
within our income. We have been consuming our
old stocks of luxuries, or dispensing with them.
We have been wearing out our old wardrobes.
The accumulations of warehouses have dis-
appeared; and we have now commenced a new
career, not soon, I hope, to terminate in simi-
lar scenes of speculation and extravagance. The
return to a sound, constitutional currency, has
mainly produced that happy state so eloquently de-
scribed by the minority report—a currency which
really affords to the manufacturer more effectual
protection from foreign competition than all the pro-
hibitory duties which we may place on our statute
book, may impose, but cannot enforce.
In establishing a system of revenue, the first in-
quiries to be made are, what is the present state of
our finances? and what amount is necessary for the
support of government, and the gradual but speedy
extinguishment of our debt' By reference to the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, it will be
seen that—■
The annual average amount of expenses for four
years from 1st January, 1837, to 1st January,
1841, was - _ - - $28,125,000 00
For two years and nine months,
from 1st January, 1841, to 30th
September, 1843, was - - 24,448,000 00
These expenditures are exclusive of those on ac-
count of the public debt.
The estimate of the secretary of the expenditures
for the fiscal year commencing 1st of July next,
is - - - - - $26,877,059 19
This sum includes interest on the
public debt - 1,032,739 00
Our total debt on the 1st December,
1843, was—
Of funded - - - 21,016,862 91
Of treasury notes - - 4,165,225 92
This last item is all virtually due on demand; and
of the funded debt, $5,692,97"(  88 is due on the 1st
of January, 1845; thus making a total of $9,858,-
202 81 due in the course of the present and coming
fiscal year.
After making every possible reduction from the
estimates of the seeietary, and all those retrench-
ments which ore consistent with the maintenance
of establishments indispensable to the protection of
our citizens, it will he found impossible to bring our
annual expenditure, including interest on the public
debt, below - $22,500,000
The estimated revenue is - - 22,300,000
