April, 1844..
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Slidell.
H. of Reps.
quently interferes with the revenue, without saving at all
the labor of the country. It is a truism which experience
has proved, in every country of Europe, that the moment
the duty is higher than the premium for smugglers, it
ceases to he protective.
The very valuable report of Messrs. Yilliers and
Bowring, en the commercial relations of Prance
and Great Britain, presented to Parliament in 1832,
contains many very interesting details on the subject
of smuggling into France. It is there reduced to an
organized system, and the charges of introduction of
every class of goods, burdened with sufficient duty
to make the smuggling of them an object, are quoted
with as much precision as the premiums on different
commercial risks are classed by our insurance com-
panies.—See report, pages 46, 50.
At Dunkirk the premiums were:
18 to 20 per cent, on cotton twist.
16 to 18 per cent on cotton manufactures.
25 to 30 per cent, on muslins and cambrics.
30 to 35 per cent, on merinos, flannels, woollens,
and articles denominated "gross merchandise."
In the Rocroy district, the average net cost of
smuggling, where the goods were delivered between
the custom-house lines, was 15 per cent., and 25 per
cent, was paid when the goods were delivered be-
yond them. Insurance on lace net, 10 to 12 per
cent. That on Cashmere shawls, and very valuable
objects, is an affair of special contract, unknown to
the custom-house officers.
From the Valenciennes direction, an official in-
quiry on a large scale led to the following results:
Cashmere shawls pay 4 per cent, to Cambray, 8
to 10 per cent, for Pans. This low rate of intro-
duction arises from their smaller bulk and great
value.
Cotton twist, the importation being confined to
the higher numbers, 20 per cent, at Cambray, 25
per cent. St. Q.uentin, 30 per cent, for Paris.
Bandannas, 15 per cent., whatever their destina-
tion.
Refitted sugar, 70 francs for 100 kilogrammes, or
about 7 cents per pound.
Coffee, 60 francs for 100 kilogrammes, or 6 cents
per pound.
They estimate the amount of British goods, smug-
gled into France through the Belgian frontier alone,
2,000,000 sterling a year, or about ton millions of
dollars. There are a number of very curious and
interesting details on the subject of smuggling, n
this report, which are well worth consulting.
The impolicy of high duties on goods of consid-
erable value, compared with their bulk, can be esti-
mated by our own returns of importation and duties
on various articles. By the present tariff, watches,
and parts of watches, pay 7 j per cent duty; the im-
portation of these for the nine months from the first
October 1842, to 30th June, 1843, amounted in value
to $261,038, and paid $19,577 duties; in the same
time, the importations ofjewelry, and manufactures of
gold and silver, paying duties of from 20 to 30 per
cent., amounted but to $44,679, yielding a duty of
$11,818. Now,"no one can doubt that the importation
of those goods was much more considerable than
that of watches; and while the fair trader has been
put down by the competition of the smuggler, the
revenue has sustained the loss of fully three-fourths
of the duties that would have been collected had the
rate been the same as on watches. I believe that
74 per cent, is as high a duty as can be collected; in-
deed, in a communication from Messrs. Hyde &
Co., and other most respectable dealers of New
York m these articles, published in Senate docu-
ments of 1841, they say that "those who are un-
principled enough to do it, may enter into contract,
with security, to have their goods delivered to them
in their stores at a coat of 5 per cent, on their in-
voice value." Paris is almost entirely supplied
with watches from Geneva; it was formerly at-
tempted to exact a duty of, I tlnnk, 5 per cent., but
the smugglers would deliver them for 2 per cent.;
and the duty is now almost nominal. Foreign play-
ing cards pay a duty of 25 cents per pack, which
is absolutely prohibitory. The custom house im-
portations of the nine months were 44 packs, pay-
ing ill duty. Now, many thousands of packs of
French and German cards are annually consumed
in Louisiana, and on which, of course, no duty is
paid? The market is always regularly supplied
with them. This tax would seem to be imposed for
the special benefit of those very worthy citizens, re-
siding, I believe, in the land of steady habits,
Messrs. Thomas Crehore & Sons, who, if they con-
sulted their true interests, would advocate a reduc-
tion of the duty to the fair revenue standard. There
can be no doubt that large amounts of the finer cot-
ton and woollen fabrics are fraudulently introduced;
indeed, the extensive seizures that have occasionally
been made would authorize the belief that smug-
gling of these articles has been systematically car-
ried on, on a very extensive scale. The Joss of
revenue consequent upon extravagant duties is not,
by any means, the sole, or, indeed, the most serious,
of the evils that they entail. Their demoralizing
effects can scarcely be exaggerated; for, although
smuggling is by many considered as a very
venial offence, yet all experience shows that those
who engage in it, having once cast off the restraints
of law, are soon prepared for the commission of
every crime to effect their object. The smuggler,
like the Italian bandit, may form a very admirable
hero of romance, but the one is as fit a subject for the
galleys or the penitentiary as the other. Even if we
admit, for the sake of argument, that the sys-
tem of protection is correct m principle, and that if it
eould be fully carried out, its operation on the gen-
eral national prosperity would be beneficial, tending
to the greatest good of the greatest number, yet it
must be conceded that it necessarily has its limits,
resulting from obstacles beyond the reach of legis-
lation. As we cannot make laws which are the
best absolutely, we must be satisfied with the best
which are consistent with our institutions; we must
look not only to what is theoretically right, but
practically possible. It is worse than idle to pro-
mulgate laws which we cannot execute. The smug-
gler is there, with a veto as potential as that more
constitutional one, the exercise of which some gen-
tlemen on the other side have of late deprecated with
so holy a horror. We may be told, and probably
will be, that we cannot argue from European ex-
perience on this subject; that the American
citizen is more patriotic, has a higher and
more abiding sense of the obligations of law
and the sanctions of morality, and cannot be se-
duced into a violation of them. This will do very
well for the hustings; it may serve to round some
swelling periods of stump oratory; and, even if it
were true, we should not be protected from the en-
terprise of the less scrupulous foreign adventurer: but
hold out sufficient inducements, and you will soon
have organized bands of native smugglers, unsur-
passsed in recklessness and cunning by the most
finished practitioners of the old world. Apart,
however, from the check of the smuggler, the im-
position of high duties upon any particular article
of consumption, while the general standard of im-
post is moderate, will always materially diminish,
if not entirely prevent importation, we have a
striking exemplification of this in the operation of
the present tariff upon spirits and wines.
The value of spirits imported for ten years, from
1833 to 1842, was - - - $15,799,346
1,579,934
Annual average ...
Importation for nine months, from 3d
of October, 1842, to 30th of June,
1843 - - - g.273,616
Add one-third - - 91,205
  364,821
or about 23 per cent., less than one-fourth of the
average annual consumption of the preceding years.
So with wines—
The value of wines for the same period of ten years
was $28,733,853
Annual average - - - 2,873,385
Importations of the 9 months, $301,925
Add one-third - - 100,641
—■  402,566
about 14 per cent., less than one-seventh of the
average annnual consumption.
The duties on spirits by the pres3nt tariff vary
from 84 to 220 per cent. I will not pretend to say
what share of this diminution is to be attributed to
smuggling; certainly not so great a one as in silks
and jewelry; but none will contend that the con-
sumption of spirits generally has fallen off in this
proportion. The true solution is, that, while the
revenue has been lost, the New England distillers
have enjoyed the monopoly of ministering their
nauseous potation to the exclusion of the more
generous and wholesome products of other climes.
The falling off in wines is still more remarkable,
and the influence of high duties may be particularly
remarked in Sherry and Madeira.
Gallons.
The importation of these wines, in 1841,
was - 273,716
That of nine months, from 1st
of October, 1842, to 30th of
June, 1843 -
Add one-third -
Gallons.
8,634
2,811
Gives a total for the year of - 11,445
or a fraction more than 4 per cent, of previous im-
portations.
Now, who will believe that less than one hundred
pipes of Sherry and Madeira were consumed in the
United States last year? The duty has been evaded,
either by smuggling or the fraudulent introduction
of these wines under other denominations. The du-
ties on many descriptions of glass and crockery are
entirely prohibitory, some ranging as high as 243
per cent.
The imports of the ten years, from 1833
to 1842, were ... 18,613,305
Annual average ... 1,861,330
The imports of the nine months, from
1st October, 1842, to 30th June, 1843,
were - - - - 82,454
Add one-third - •- - 27,484
 - 109,938
or about 6 per cent, of the annual average.
But the enormity and injustice of this tax will be
more apparent when it is observed that three-fourths
of the amount collected was on articles of luxury,
such as large plate glass, and silvered plate glass,
paying revenue duties of 25 and 30 per cent.; while
all the inferior qualities, necessary for the consump-
tion of the poor—the cheap tumbler or cup from
which he quaffs his humble beverage—the 8 by 10
window glass by which he shields himself from the
wintry blasts—are burdened by specific duties, which
are absolutely prohibitive.
The duties levied on luxuries or articles consumed
exclusively or chiefly by the rich, can never afford
any considerable portion of our revenues, even if the
smuggler did not interfere. The rich fortunately
constitute but a mere fraction of our population; the
mass are in that happy state of mediocrity, which
places the comforts but not the superfluities of life at
their command; but imposts, to be productive, must
bear on articles habitually and generally consumed
by all classes of the community. At page 280 of the
report of the select committee on impost duties
before referred to, will be found a table of the
customs duties received in Great Britain for the year
1839: the total amount was <£22,962,610—in round
numbers about 112 millions of dollars. Of this sum,
eight articles—to wit: sugar, molasses, tea, tobacco,
spirits, wines, timber, corn, and coffee, produced
<£19,907,700, or 97 millions of dollars. At the head
of the list stand sugar and molasses, producing
,£4,827, 018, or $23,507,500, exceeding in amount
the whole of our revenue from every source. Tea
yields $17,817,350; tobacco §17,025,000.
Heretofore much the largest portion of our revenue
has been derived from manufactured articles; but lie
must be indeed blind to the progress of our domestic
fabrics, who does notperceive that in a few years, with
the exception of silks, and a few other articles of luxu-
ry, we shall soon be supplied entirely by our own
workshops. We must then change our whole sys-
tem, have recourse to direct taxation, or support
the government by imposts on tea, sugar, coffee,
wines, spirits, silks, and the raw materials of our
different fabrics. It would not be hazarding much
to predict, that in ten years these articles will furnish
three-fourths of the whole revenue from imports.
If these results were produced by a revenue tariff,
operating incidentally for protection, no complaints
would have been heard from any quarter. It is in-
deed very probable that they would have been sub-
stantially the same, had the avowedly protective sys-
tern, never been adopted. Some branches of industiy
have unquestionably been stimulated into a more
precocious development under the influence of duties
virtually prohibitive; but this can only have been
done by diverting a corresponding amount of enter-
prise, labor and capital from some other employment
that would have naturally come into existence, or
been extended in the regular course of that general
onward progress which is the necessary result of
cheap food, abundant water power, and, above all,
free institutions. It may be argued that, by this ad-
mission, I abandon the strong ground of objection to
the protective system; but 1 have already stated, and I
repeat, that 1 do not consider the effects of the system
by many degrees so potential as it is claimed to be
by its partisans as well as its opponents. But I do
