390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aptil, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Slidell.
H. of Reps.
think it a sufficient reason to modify any revenue
system, that it is condemned by the decided opinions
of any great section of the country; even although
such opinions May be greatly exaggerated, or even
entirely erroiteous. Certain I am, that a sound cur-
rency is a better protection for the manufacturers of
the country than any protective tariff. High duties
will be evaded; the smuggler is at hand to neutralize
them; but the influence of a Sound ftVli'rency is all-
pervading, and cannot be counteracted by any ex-
ternal agency. I have establishfed, as I think conclu-
sively, that the rate of (duties necessary to supply
a sufficient revenue cannot, on the average, range
Much under thirty per cent.; that on many articles
where the value, as compared with the bulk, is con-
siderable, even that rate of duty cannot be collect-
ed; tfoat oil other articles, such as glass, where smug-
gling to the same extent is not to be anticipated,
excessive duties become prohibitive, and consequent-
ly destructive of revenue; and that while it is de-
sirable as far as possible to collect our revenue from
the luxuries of the rich, yet imposts, to be produc-
tive, must fall upon articles of general consumption.
I will now proceed to examine within what lim-
its discriminatkjn in the per centage of duty to be
levied can be exercised with a view to revenue only;
and in doing this, X will appeal to authorities which
Mo one will pretend to be of the latitudinarian
school. I shall rely upon these authorities, connect-
ed with the statistical details which I shall produce
in relation to sugar and molasses, to sustain an
amendment which I intend offering, to retain the ex-
isting duties on these articles. Mr. Calhoun, in a
letter to Mr, Robert Carter Nicholas, dated Mav 7,
1842, said:
I concur in most of your views and reflections of the
identity of interest (fairly considered) between cotton and
sugar; and, so far as my principles will admit, will see full
justice done to the latter, to the extent that it can be effect-
ed by my exertions. I can agree, however, to no duty but
such as the revenue may require, and none so high on any
article as will push it beyond the highest rate of revenue
that can be derived fi om the article. These are the limits
within which I may act, and with them exercise a sound
discretion.
Mr.JMcDuFFiE, in his late speech in the Senate,
said:
I hold, then, that under the power of imposing duties to
raise revenue, there is this limitation imposed, not only by
the constitution, but by every principle of sound policy;
and ifit apply to one article imported, it equally applies to
every other. The rule is this: that a levenue duty must be
the lowest possible duty that will yield the largest, or the
required, amount of revenue.
Now I am perfectly willing to submit the present
duties 011 sugar and molasses to these tests, and will
demonstrate that they cannot be reduced without a
corresponding reduction of revenue, which the state
of our finances will not permit. There can be no
more unerring evidence that a duty is not too high
for revenue, than the regular and steady increase of
importations in proportion to the increase of popula-
tion. I have in my hand a statement exhibiting the
quantity of sugar imported, after deducting the re-ex-
portations entitled to drawback; and also the duties
which accrued annually, from 1801 to 1842 inclu-
sive. The average importations from 1823 to 1832,
inclusive, were 66,691,646 pounds. The average im-
portations from 1833 to 3842, inclusive, were 135,-
615,121; showing an increase of more than 103 per
cent., while our population, in the same period, in-
creased but 32.6 per cent. In other words, the
consumption of foreign sugar increased in a ratio
more than three times as great as our population.
During the nine first years of this period the aver-
age duty was 2J cents. It cannot be pretended that
throe-eighths of a cent would have affected the con-
sumption in any conceivable degree. The consump-
tion has increased much more rapidly during the
last ten years than it had previously done; for we find
the importation of 1801 47,822,376 pounds, while that
ot 1841 was 172,453,908. This is somewhat great-
er than the ratio of increase of population for the
same period. The increase in the importation of
molasses has been nearly in the same proportion as
that of sugar; having advanced from 5,447,545 gal-
lons in 1801 to 19,223,026 in 1841. The net revenue
troni the customs for the ten years from 1833 to
89i WaS allr'ual average $16,383,-
The average amount of duties on sugar during the
same period was - ^2 766 628
0:i molasses from 1832 to 1841 it was - '871 *448
being more than 22 per cent, of our whole^evenue"
But, at the present rates of duty, 2| cents on every
importation, say 154 millions of pounds of Stigar,
would yield - - $3,850,000
Molasses, say 200 millions of pounds, at
45-100 per pound ... 900,000
$4,750,000
or more than one-fifth of our whole revenue. The
reduction of a half cent per pound, proposed by the
bill, will reduce the revenue - - §770,000
That on molasses' - 300,000
#1,070,000
You cannot dispense with this sum at present; and
I thus bring these articles completely within Mr.
McDuffie's rigorous principles of the lowest duty
that will yield the largest required amount of revenue.
It may be argued that if the • duties ware reduced,
the production of sugar would be diminished by the
abandonment of the culture; and that what the reve-
nue would lose by the diminished rate, would be
compensated by the increased importation. I have,
I think, already conclusively shown that the duty
on sugar is not so high as in any way to affect con-
sumption. The decrease of duty, then, would not, even
if followed by a corresponding diminution of price,
increase the consumption in any sensible degree, nor
would it immediately operate materially to diminish
the culture of the cane. The establishments exist;
they have been created at an enormous expense; and
whatever may be the price of sugar, they would only
be abandoned after a long and protracted struggle of
the proprietors to maintain themselves under the
new system; but as they would not have it in their
power to make expensive repairs, or to incur new
expense of any kind, there would, no doubt, be a
gradual decrease of the quantity produced. The
present prices are barely sufficient to enable the
planter who is out of debt to make a very moderate
interest on his investment. This rate of profit is un-
questionably somewhat lower than that of the gen-
eral average of capital employed in agriculture. We
have conclusive evidence of this, in the fact that the
culture is stationary; the average product is now about
90,000 hogsheads, not having increased since 1831.
The crop of that year was estimated at 100,000 hogs-
heads in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
on sugar cane, presented to Congress 21st January,
1831. The production of cotton in the same period
has nearly doubled, (see table O, Secretary's report.)
In 1831, the estimated value of exports of cotton was
$25,2ti9,792; and in 1842, $47,593,464; but a refer-
ence to the prices of these years would probably
show that the ratio of increase of quantity was still
greater. Having thus sustained the duty on strict
revenue principles, it would seem to be almost a
superfluous task to advocate it on grounds of discrim-
ination.
_ Mr. Calhoun, in his letter to Mr. Nicholas, be-
fore referred to, expressly recognises the pro-
priety of discrimination, when it can be brought
within the limits which he lays down. Mr Van
Buren sanctions the same principle, probably
with somewhat greater latitude; and Mr. Clay
goes further than either of them, although it
may he. urged that, in some of bis more recent
manifestations, lie assigns limits to it, which very
much narrow down the wide differences which
formerly separated these distinguished men. It
would seem that, by common consent, the idea of
absolute, unqualified protection, irrespective of rev-
enue, and consequently destructive of it, is aban-
doned by all. lo use the phrase of Mr. Webster,
ill speaking of a national bank, it is an "obsolete
idea." Here, then, is another striking instance of the
salutary effects of prolonged discussion and experi-
ence, on theprogiess of public opinion towards sound
ideas ot political economy The difficulty now is
not so much about the cardinal principles, as in the
correct application of them in practice. This de-
batable ground will probably always exist; but
there would be no insuperable obstacle to the adjust-
ment of a tariff that would render substantial justice
to all the great interests, agricultural, commercial,
and manufacturing, were the question not so un-
fortunately mixed up with the party politics of the
day. It is for this reason that, while I am now,
and ever have been, opposed to the protective
system, have felt no disposition to shrink from the
examination and discussion of its principles, and
have always voted to take up this bill, I have not
been especially anxious to press it at this session.
Setting aside the fact that no bill modifying the
general character of the tariff is likely to meet with
the sanction of a co-ordinate branch of the legisla-
ture, the pendency of a great political problem to the
solution of which we are all looking forward with
such intense anxiety cannot afford opportunity for
that calm and temperate discussion which so grave
and difficult a subject should receive. The limits
between a purely revenue, a discriminating, and
a protective tariff, are so delicate and evanescing, so
purely matters of detail, depending upon the pecu-
liar circumstances of each case, that it is, in many in-
stances, impracticable to define them. There carl
be no better definition of a revenue duty than that
given by Mr. Calhoun, With his chaiafcteristic
lucidity and conciseness; and yet he, At tiie
same time, adinite the propriety of discrimination in
certain cases. It would seem to be more difficult to
define a discriminating tariff, to establish the boun-
dary between a fair and moderate protection, and
that which approaches to prohibition, the rate of
duty which is required to give reasonable and proper
encouragement to the domestic fabric, and which
will not exclude the foreign articles, thus affording
one great element of safety, the check, I might
perhaps more correctly say the stimulus, of foreign
competition—for all experience shows that monoply
is the parent of carelessness and extravagant ex-
penditure, of weakness and lethargy. And in this
connection, I will again refer to the report of the
minority of the Committee of Ways and Means-—
to whom, by the Way, I will pay, in passing, the
merited compliment of having treated the subject
with great ability, and without any unfair admixture
of party declamation, a tribute which I am sure
they will not hesitate, in return, to pay to that of the
majority. If their arguments are sometimes weak
and inconclusive, it is not their fault, hut that of the
cause which they have so zealously advocated.
They have been peculiarly unfortunate in some of
their illustrations of the merits of a protective sys-
tem. I say of a protective system, for I can attach
no other meaning to the following sentence:
While these and other instances are before our eyes, of
the necessity of encouragement, and the value of the arts
which it unfolds, as manifested in the prospeiity of nations,
instances no less striking are at hand of the downward ten-
dency ofthose which have neglectedto keep alive, and per-
petual blight upon others which have habitually withheld
the genial influence Spain was the parent of lich colonies,
the possessor of exhaustless mines, the recipient for centu-
ries of the precious metals to an extent exceeding twenty-
one millions a year.
The report proceeds to give a highly-colored, al-
though, perhaps, not very exaggerated picture of
the wretched condition of the Spanish population,
and one would suppose that Spain had been suffer-
ing under the accumulated curses of centuries of
free trade; but, unfortunately for the argument, ever
since the discovery of America, Spain has emphati-
cally been the country of monopoly and protection.
For many years, indeed since the reign of Philip
II., perhaps her most important organized industry
(I except, of course, the agricultural, without which
no nation call exist) has been found in the bands of
armed smugglers that traverse the peninsula in every
direction. The system has always existed there in
the very highest perfection. The last revolution,
which resulted in the expulsion of Espartero, origina-
ted in the opposition of the manufacturers of Cata-
lonia to the liberal ideas of the Regent, who was
disposed to admit English fabrics at something like
a fair rate of duty. The report is equally unfortu-
nate, although more correct, in its allusion to the full
development of the manufacturing system in Eng
land:
Magnificence, and power, and wealth, (it savs,) are the
effects of her exact and rigorous protective policy, which,
extended over the creative arts m the shape of manufac-
tures, has like the wand of the enchanter, changed the
whole face of things.
The face of things has indeed been changed.
"Merne England," the once happy home of a cheer-
ful, well-fed, and consequently robust, rural popula-
tion, has become the great workshop of the world.
The half-starved, emaciated operatives of Manches-
ter, Glasgow, Birmingham, and Sheffield, paying
double prices for the products of the landholder, are
the instruments by which all this magnificence,
and power, and wealth, have been concentrated in
the hands of the richcst and proudest aristocracy
that ever controlled the destinies of a nation. God
grant that we may here long enjoy that happy me-
diocrity of foitune which is the surest basis of a
sound national prosperity, but which is so distaste-
ful to those who sigh after the magnificence, and
power, and wealth of England! Long- may it be
before the lords of the factory, the spinning-jenny,
and the loom, shall reduce to slavish dependence the
yet proud yeomanry of America! I would not trust
even that disinterested patriotism which, if we may
