April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. J. A. Wright.
H. of Reps.
For 1840—That the importation of molasses from the Island
of Cuba amounted to - • - • 15,377,773 gallons.
"In Louisiana, where a small portion only of each cane
arrives at comple matunty, the largest quantity of molasses,
compared to granulated or solid sugar is, in a wet season,
4£> gallons per each 1,000 lbs. [on an average, new lands-
proaucing a few gallons more—old lands less.]
gfV'In Cuba, where the entire cane arrives at complp ma-
turity, and where also the process of boiling is carried much
further with a view to claying, the quantity of molasses is
much smaller, and to put down -25 gallons*, or 300 lbs., for
each 1,000 lbs. of solid sugar, is a very large allowance.
"Taking 2-> gallons as the product in Cubii, and applying
it to the crop of solid sugar, in that island, for 1S40, we
have, for its total product of molassrs, on 3-21,636,000 lbs of
solid sugar, of all sorts, 8,040,900 gallons, or at 12 lbs. per
gallon, yfi, *90,800 lbs. of molasses. So that our importations
from Cuba, for 1840, having been 15,377,778 gallons, we
have really imported irom that island 7,336,878 gallons
more than the whole island can produce in one year. In
other words, supposing that Cuba has worked none of its
molasses into mm, and that we imported every gallon there
produced, 7,336,378 gallons, or 96,490,800 lbs., must have
been sugars in disguise. This can have been done m two
way**:
"1st. By diluting to a sirup consistency fine, stioug,
white, or brown clayed sugar, and then coloring it, so as to
give it the appearance of molasses. This can be done -with-
out the least injuiy to letinmg. A large quantity oi such
disguised sugars were seizedsome years ago m New Or-
leans.
> "2d. By couceiitiating cane juice This is done to a con-
siderable extent in London, wheio the duty is puid accoid-
mgly. A chemist is theie attached to the customs. Dr. Uie
says: (page 1,203.)
" 'The concentrated cane juice imported into London, con-
tains nearly half its weight of granular sugar, along with
more or less molasses, according to the care taken m the
boiling operation. The fermentation is prevented by the
burning of a sulphur match within the ci&tein before chang-
ing itfiom the mill; and the sulphuious acid is expelled by
the cane juice, heated in the claufier, before being used for
refining.'
"From, what precedes, supposing the quantity ofsugais in
disguise imported annually from the Island of Cuba alone
to oe 7,33b,878 gallons, (and I have no doubt that the quali-
ty is much laiger,) the eliect is us follows:
1st. To Tut mhM'u.—The duty on 7,036,878 gallons, at
five cents, is $366,843 90
One gallon of disguised sugars will produce at
least 8 lbs. solid sugar, which applied to the
whole quantity gives 58,896,024 lbs ; suppos-
ing it to be ol sugars-dutiable, at two cents,
we hare  1,173,900 -18
Amount of which tin; government is defraud-
ed  $807,Q.->6 68
"And this is the way that, taking advantage of the low
duty on molasses the sugar duties, through the gross neg-
lect of our government, and the fraud of importers, have
been gradually tuoug'ht to the melasses standard oi du-
ties ! ! [
"And thus it is that, although, according to the table ap-
pended to the icvenue bill of the Secretary ot the Treasuiy,
oui sugar uaports have been upwards ol 7o,000,000 lbs let>s
m 1840 than m 1839, and lower than anj previous j ear sincc
1834, our markets ha\ e been flooded with loi eign sugars to
an extent greater than at any previous epoch
Noil 4
It is difficult to overrate the beneficial effects on the
commerce oi New Orleans, which would result fiom
the free importation ol Texas cotton 'The present duty,
while it yields nothing to the xevenue, because the expenses
attending its collection arfgreatfi thou its pioceeds, has
gradually diverted fiom us nejih the entile tiade of Texas.
In lact we may be said to retain only tha< poiuon of
which a vicious legislation can scoicelj deprive us—the lied
river trade. The crop ol Texas cotton for 1843 was esti-
mated at one hundied thousand bales. Mr. O. Hayden,
deputy cullectoi uf the poit of Natchitoches, in a veiy able
lettei which he addressed to me on this subject, and winch
has been extensively circulated through the public prints,
says: "The difficulties involved m the system ol debentur-
ing Texas cotton for the benefit of drawback ol duties, are
so numerous and vexatious, and consume so much of the
merchant's time; the hypothecation ol three cents pei pound
foi duties; the exaction of bonds; the procuring consular
certificates of the receipts in foreign markets; the neces-
sity of shipping in foreign bottoms; the frequent enhanced
price of freights, owing to the scarcity of foreign ships; the
difficulty of shipping at times to suit the merchant's conve-
nience and many other causes of delay and trouble, constitute
an aggregate of difficulties which senously aftectthe price of
Texas cotton, and serve to depreciate it below cotton of the
same quality, the growth of the United State*, from a half to
thr^e-quarters of a cent per pound Many merchants in New
Orleans decline receiving Texas cotton, for the reason that
the ordmarj commissions do not compensatefor the trouble.''
It is not necessary to enter into an argument to show that
while we' continue the largest exporters of cotton m the
woild, the duty cannot operate to protect our planters, to
whom it must be entirely indifferent w hether a given number
of hales of Texas cotton be consumed m the United States or
in Europe. liy a late Galveston paper, I fmd that, out of ^even-
teen foreign vessels at that port, 1 ut one bore our national
jlag;and this was not an accidental circumstance, but is the
ordmaiy course of business Hie exportations to Texas
have fallenofffrom $1,687,082 m 1339 to $190,604 in lb4.S. New
Orleans; is the natural emporium of the tiae'e of Texas, the
harbors of that coast will not allow the entrance of any but
vessels of a light draft of water; heavier vessels fire obliged
to he oft in optn roadsteads, and theie load at gieat risk,
trouble, and expense. Were the duty on cotton removed,
the grower would find it cheaper to send it in such vessels
to New Orleans, there to be sold and leshipped to Liverpoo
or Havre. Where he sol4 his cotton, he would naturally
invest the pioeeeds in the purchase of everything required
for the supply of his family and plantation/
Note 5.
This danger is not an imaginary one. A series of iesolu-
tions was offered in the Senate b> Mr. Clay, on the loth of
Februaiy, 1842, the fourth declared that, "in the adjustment
of a tatiff, the jn inciples oj the comj o asc act generally
should be adhered to; and that especially a maximum rale
oj ad valorem duties should be established; from whh h there
ought to be as lit'le deviation as j)oss>'bU.'l> fie has, on sev-
eral recent occasions, repeated his declarations of appxola 
tion of the principles of the compiomise act. We know, by
sad experience, wheie the compiomisc act left the sugar
planter in 1841.
SPEECH OF MR. J. A. WEIGHT,
OF INDIANA.
In the House of Representatives, Jlpril 22 and 53.—
On the tariff.
Mr. WRIGHT stud that lie felt a desire to say
something before he should be called upon to vote
on this question. He did not rise for the purpose of
making a party speech—of abusing this or that dis-
tinguished limn: he let! that for others, who might
feel disposed so to act. He had long since come to
the conclusion that one of the great evils of the day
was the conversion of this hall into an arena of par-
tisan political discussion, i 11 which principles and
measures that the people have an interest ill are lost
sight of; and the worst feelings of our nature
aroused; and slander and abuse are licaped upon
our public men;—and all for the purpose of eleva-
ting this or that man to the presidency! These
things ought not to be; and, so long as I have a seat
upon this floor, in no event will I enter upon such
discussions. When I desiie thus to speak, I will
go to the hustings, where the people assemble for
Eolitical discussion, and take my part with others
efore that tribunal which alone 1ms theright to hear
and determine all such questions. But to the subject
before us.
Much has been said about the operation of the
tariff of 1842, and its influence on the country, by
the mere partisan, who seeks not for ti uth for its own
sake, but for whatever may be held up plausibly
before the country as a good instrument of party
warfare. It seems sufficient to say the tariff was
passed in 1842: this is 1844; we are prospering now,
therefore the tariff of 1842 is the cause of the pros-
perity of 1844. This is his reasoning, and he does
not suppose that any man is vain enough to stop by
the wayside and make inquhies. But with this
wholesale assertion, he passes on, not supposing for
a moment that the mass of our people will inquire
into this question, and all others for themselves,
and not rest on the mere asseition or conclusion of
others. But we shall see how this is.
The act was passed in August, 1842. The business
of the country, all agiee, continued, for more than a
year after its passage, in a state of depression, of in-
activity! It was passed at a time when the nation
was laboring under the consequences of the great
revulsions, commencing m 1837. Wc had then ac-
quired knowledge from adversity, and a return to a
rigid system of economy was apparent e\ery where;
all men were trying to live within their means; there
were fewer debts contracted m 1841 and 1842, than
there had been during any twenty four months for
more than fifteen years past, the evils of the credit
system were felt and acknowledged by every man;
people every where were struggling to get out of debt,
and limiting their expenditures to the least possible
amount. This I know to be true in my own State,
and I presume it was so in every other. What
would be the consequence of this general feuit)
I answer, that several results would follow, independ-
ent of all tariff regulations. If the people were so
universally economizing, they would buy goods to
a limited extent; and this would cut off sales, both
of foreign and domestic manufactures: that is to
say, the people would limit their purchases, whether
the articles were made in Old England or JVew
England, orin any other manufacturing region. Im-
ports, for this reason, if for no other, would be di-
minished. Such a state of things would reduce the
price of goods, as that is always effected by an in-
creased supply and a diminished demand. This
might, in part, explain the low prices of last year
and an increased business of itself might bring up
prices. Prices are now rising on almost every arti
cle of manufacture, whether foreign or domestic
owing to this cause and to the operation of the tar-
iff, as I shall show.
Two things have an existence now, that could not
be said of the country last year—J1 perfectly sound
currency, and a partial recovery by the people from em-
barrassment. This sound currency is the result of two
things—one a /ftcf, the other a principle, or law of
trade; the/ac( is, the withdrawal from circulation of
a worthless currency in the form of bank paper, and
the resumption of specie payments by the solvent
banks. The principle, or law of trade referred to, is
this: that a worthless currency drives a sound cur-
icncy out of circulation, and it goes to seek an in-
vestment elsewhere; when the worthless currency
is displaced, the sound one flows back again. As
Burke said, "a pound note and a silver dollar never
travel in the stage together."
This is in fact the reason why the precious metals
have flowed into the country in such prodigious
sums for the period during which the purification of
the currency of the country has been going on; and
the flood-tide has been during the past year. We
see now two causes for this return of the gold and
silver—one a general cause, always operating under
such circumstances; and the other a temporary one,
which must soon cease, and the current set back
again, until the perfect equilibrium of trade shall be
restored, both as to the precious metals and all other
commodities. The temporary cause was mainly
this: We had our trade with England and other
countries. That trade, on our part, consisted in the
raw material for many of her manufactures; and in
the wheat, pork, beef, &c., of which sne nas bought
considerable quantities of us for several years past,
for which she paid us in such manufactures as were
needed. She had adapted her trade to ours, and
looked to this country for the accustomed supply.
The cause which I have mentioned, diminishing, for
the time, a demand among us for either American or
foreign manufactures, the price came down; the tariff
interposed, by high duties, a barrier to the importa-
tation of many articles which could not be sola here
so as to pay cost and the duty or tax. The result
was, that, for the necessary annual supply to Eng-
land of our products, she has paid us a considerable
portion of gold and silver.
At this point the advocate of a high protective ta-
riff looks up and exclaims, a glorious tariff, which
enables us to sell our products for money, instead of
giving them in exchange for such commodities as
we need m turn, to promote our comfort and hap-
piness! But let us look at this as men, and not as
partisans. How long will this slate of things last?
Does any man believe that a trade between us and
any other nation, especially one with whom we
trade more than with alt Europe beside, can last, if
we do not buy their commodities in exchange for
ours? If we sell, we must buy. The gold and sil-
ver of the world are mere commodities; but they
are of such a character and nature, that they con-
stantly seek a level in the commercial world, as
water does in the natural, and this thtywill find. If
we get a much greater proportion of the currency of
the woild, by accidental causes or otherwise, it
will, in time, seek and find an outlet. What would
oui condition be, if we could get nothing but mo-
ney for all we sell, or if we would take nothing but
money for what we sell, and, for that purpose, should
establish such regulations as these? The fact is, in such
a state of things as this—in the very luxury of
wealth, we would be in the midst of poverty; we
soon would have nothing to sell; we very soon
should have no trade, no purchasers of our com-
modities; and we shortly would be where China,
until the last few years, was—an isolated, oppressed,
benighted people; cut off from tiade, from all inter-
course with nations—depiived of the impioving,
humanizing benefits that flow from communica-
tions and interchange of commodities between man
and man, aglorious privilege we now enjoy with the
inhabitants of all nations.
But it is not necessary to put this matter in any
stronger light, for there is no person here who con-
tendsfor"doctrincs of this strength, nor have I heard
any person contend on this floor for retaliation ill
the rate of duties; that is left for others who do bu-
siness in a snutll way. But I have intimated that the
people have partially recovered from their embarrass-
ments of past years, and that there is an increasing
demand for goods. The abundance of money always
causes it to seek investment in all directions at a low
rate and a moderate profit; extravagant hopes by the
manufacturing inteiests have caused thousands to
be added to the investments in this direction. The
plenty of money, and the demand for goods, is rais-
ing the price of the substantial articles, and more
particularly those articles upon which the duty is
high in the tariff act of 1842; and the people will
find that the prices must come up; they have come
up already from 25 to 75 per 'cent. Under these in-
