m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
industrious farmer in his field, the humble me-
chanic in his shop, -the honest laborer in his gar-
den, with us of the West, cannot send up here such
a rumor; and if he did, necessity would laugh at his
folly. No, sir; the great mass, the laboring mil-
lions, can form no such combinations; they are
forced to go on—and on—and on, from week to
week—-from month to month—from year to year;
no time to stop for panics. No, sir; this is with
the gold-worshipping millionaires alone. Then, sir, it
imperiously behooves us to look out, and meet the
first rumor of such a movement, by grapling with
it, and making the issue between equal and just
laws, giving to the laborer, in every department of
life, his equal and just reward, on the one hand, and
to the capitalist—the monopolist—the same, and
nothing more, upon the other.
The fact that we have in this country a branch of
business which employs thousands of hands, and
millions of dollars, dependent upon the law-making
power—upon exclusive legislation—should be cal-
culated to make every man reflect; and that those
grtfat interests will strive with -mighty energy for
Eower, in proportion as their dividends are increased
y g overnmental patronage, is surely enough to
make every man fear. When the time comes
(which may a kind Providence avert) that we have
incorporated this principle upon our institutions—
viz: that the nation has certain peculiar interests,
combining labor and capital, depending for success
alone upon the favor of government, flourishing in.
its smile, withering in its frown—then has all jus-
tice, all equal rights, left us, and we shall have a
government of favoritism, and of exclusive privi-
leges, less to be borne than an iron monarchy itself;
then the inherent and inalienable rights of man, as
man, will no longer be regarded; then those great
political truths proclaimed by our fathers shall have
departed from among us forever, and our name will-
stand recorded upon the same page in history hi ith
that of the unworthy disciple who betrayed the
"Master that had led him out of darkness into his
marvellous light."
SPEECH OF MR. DUNCAN,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives, March 6, 1844—On
the bill introduced by him to regulate the election
of electors for President and vice President and
members of Congress throughout the United
-States.
Mr. DUNCAN spoke as follows:
There is no higher duty we owe to ourselves, to
each other, and to our country, in whatever situa-
tion we may be placed, or whatever sphere in life
we may fill, than to understand the nature of our
government, and the civil institutions by which our
rights are to be maintained as citizens, and by which
our civil duties and obligations towards each other
are to be regulated. This duty is not more binding
upon us in a civil than in a political sense. It is indis-
pensable to a faithful discharge of our duties as pri-
vate citizens that we should understand the duties of
a citizen. Those duties involve a knowledge of the
legal and political restraints which civil government
throws upon us and brings us under. These civil
duties and obligations are common to, and binding
upon, all men in a state of ofganized society, what-
ever the form of government may be; but we, as
American citizens, m addition, to these duties, owe
some of a higher character which may more proper-
ly, be denominated political duties, which I contra-
distinguish from civil duties for the purpose of
illustration. Civil duties, and a knowledge of the
obligations which civil duties impose, appertain to
the subjects of a monarchy or an aristocracy. The
same civil duties, in proportion to the requisitions of
law, appertain to the citizens of a republican gov-
ernment; but owing to the fact that each individual
here is not only a citizen, but also a member of the re-
public, and apart of the law-making power, he owes
some higher duties than a mere citizen. Those
higher duties 1 call'political duties. Obedience is the
duty of the humble subject of the monarchichal gov-
ernment, while command, is the prerogative of the
monarch; but in a republican government, the duties
of obedience and submission are united with the pre-
rogative to command, in the same person. Such is
the nature of our government. With us, no
man can be so low as to shake off the du-
ties of legal and constitutional submission; no
man can be so high as to be exempt from them.
No man can be so low (in crime excepted) as to ex-
cuse himself from a pamcipatiuu in the duties &f
governing. No man can be so high as to transcend
exemption from the obligations and duties of the
most humble citizen, or to exercise powers in the
establishment of rules of civil conduct, not common
to each and every citizen, only as that power is del-
egated to him by the suffrage of those he represents,
in whatever official position he may occupy. And
this leads me to an expose of the character of our
government. That I do, not only in conformity with
a high duty which I owe as a citizen in common,
but as a representative; I do it not only because we
cannot too frequently refer to first principles,
whether in a private or in an official capacity; but
because the bill under consideration, in its defence
and advancement, requires such an exposg, in order
to illustrate the absolute necessity of this bill becom-
ing a law.
Sir, our government is a government of the peo-
ple. It was created by the people; it is sustained by
the people; and the people are the government, to
every political purpose and intent. And in these
consist the great and fundamental difference between
a republican (or democratic) form of government and
all others. I believe there are but three distinct
forms of government regarded as fundamental, viz:
a ^monarchical, an aristocratical, and a republican
form; all others are modifications or mixtures of
those. All governments were republican in their
origin; no people ever were so blind to their own
interests, and so regardless of their individual privi-
leges and natural rights, as to surrender them into
the. hands of any one man or set of men, to dispense
them at his or their pleasure or caprice. I make
another assertion—that is, that man possesses all
the requisites for self-government; and to deny those
requisites is a slander on the human family, and a
base imputation on the Almighty. I also asseit,
that no government ever fell by the corruptions of
the people. Why, then (it has been and will be
asked) have all republics fallen? Why have all gov-
ernments which depended upon the aggregate wis-
dom and stability of the people, failed? It is part
of my purpose, m my support of the present bill, to
answer these interrogatories. At present, I wish to
define and illustrate the character of our government;
and, for that purpose, to illustrate the principles of
other governments, and to expose the difference, to
the end that ours may be the better understood.
A monarchical government is that which concen-
trates all power, legislative, judicial, and ministe-
rial, in the hands of a single individual. An aris-
tocracy is that form of government which places
the same powers, and the same amount of power, in
the hands of a few individuals. Such governments
are called absolute monarchies, or absolute aristoc-
racies, as the case may be—absolute, because the
mass of the people have no participation in making,
adjudicating upon, or executing the laws by which
they are governed. Their civil duties consist in
submission and obedience; prerogative duties in
commanding submissive obedience to the laws which
they have no hand in making, and submission and
obedience to the adjudication of laws, without any
part in the adjudication and submission, and obe-
dience to the execution of the laws, without any
share in the execution, only as the subjects of exe-
cution. In such governments, the people are a kind
of political automatons, without political will or vo-
lition, which move merely as they are moved by
the will of the laws which govern them, or the will
of him or them who make the laws. Such a peo-
ple may bear, in their external form, the image of
their Maker for a time, but have the soul of Ba-
laam's ass; and in time will become asses b"th in
soul and body. A monarchy and an aristocracy
mry both assume a representative character, by a
delegation of the prerogatives or law makmg, law
adjudication, and law execution, which is most gen-
erally the case in extensive monarchies and aristoc-
racies: but representative change does not change
the character of the government; it only operates to
the ease of the monarch, or to those holding power
in an aristocracy, not to the reliefer enfranchisement
of the people. Those who receive the delegation of
such prerogatives, are the representatives of the ori-
ginal power; and it is his will, power, and interests,
they are bound to promote—not the interests of the
people. And it is most generally the ease, that rep-
resentative monarchies and aristocracies are the
most oppressive of all governments; they in-
crease taxation, and oppress still more by
means of collection, without, in any particular, eleva-
ting the character or condition of the subject. But 1
have neither time nor space to pursue the investiga-
tion in detail, it is sufficient to say they are, both in
their nature and practical operation, calculated to
oppress the subject, and are worse than no govern-
ment. I would prefer anarchy; I would rather die in
defence of my natural rights, than live a slave. A
republican government, I repeat, is a government of
the people. The people and-the government, in a
political sense, are the same. I have said, in all repub-
lics, all political prerogatives belong to the people:
this is literally true. Though our government is a
representative damocracy, yet all power is in the
hands of the people; and their representatives are
but their agents, bound by their will, responsible "to
them,'and removable at their will. It was impos-
sible, at the commencement, that ours could be any
thing but a representative democracy; our popula-
tion was too great, and our territory was too wide
spread to admi't of a simple democracy. The
framers of our government were compelled to give
us a representative democracy—that is, to authorize
us to appoint agents to do that for us, which we, ac-
cording to the fundamental principles of democracy,
should have done ourselves. Our ancestors, in the
formation of our, government, provided the means
by which we should appoint our agents. The power
and the means by which we appoint our political
agents or representatives, is called the elective fran-
chise. To define all of our free institutions which
make up our proud and glorious political fabric, is
foreign to my present purpose, nor does the sup-
port of the present bill require such a range. There
is one of our free institutions which I propose very
briefly to discuss—I mean the elective franchise. That
is one which, of all others, demands our attention, our
consideration, and our especial guardianship. Of all
our proud institutions, that is the proudest; of all
our free institutions, that is the most valuable. It is
the soul and the body of our republic; it is the basis
of our political fabric; it is the foundation of all our
free institutons. Destroy it, and our government
loses its name, and all our free institutions are anni-
hilated. They become, in an instant, a part of the
dust of other republics; and, with them, must be
numbered among the things that are not. The
elective franchise is not only the arch of our own, and
every other republic, and the main pillar of the tem-
ple of liberty, but it is the rule by which freedom is
measured; for, just in proportion to the exercise of
the eleotiveTranchise, so are any people free and
sovereign. Freedom and the elective franchise are
synonomous terms and handmaidens. The one has
no abiding-place without the other. They walk
hand in hand together; they live together; they die
together. The framers of our government were so
conscious of the vast importance of the elective fran-
chise, that they interwove it in the political institu-
tions of our country in such a manner that it could
not be destroyed without bringing ruin upon all
others. Our ancestors had a right to expect that
this franchise, which was purchased with the blood
of thousands, and with the treasure of millions,
would be appreciated as a rich legacy—would never
be squandered. They had a right to suppose that
those moral, political, and patriotic obligations and
sacred covenants which descended upon their pos-
terity, would forever be a secure guaranty against
all innovations upon that sacred institution. They
had a right to suppose that no son of theirs would
be so prodigal and reckless as to squander that lega-
cy which was to provide peace, happiness,
freedom, and independence to millions, and
for all time. They had a right to hope that
no wretch would be found base enough to cor-
rupt that franchise upon whose purity depend-
ed the duration of all the free institutions purchased
with their blood and their treasure. But, not con-
tent with that hope and that confidence which they
had a right to indulge—not content with the obliga-
tions of patriotism upon those who were to inherit
the rich legacy of their toil, they superseded reli-
gion and morality. They interwove, in the official
duties of all who were to have the safe keeping of
the elective franchise, a solemn oath. They required
the individual whom choice or the law was to select
to guard the purity of the elective franchise, to ap-
pear at the throne of the Judge of the living and the
dead, and in His presence and in His name to bind
themselves to permit no unhallowed foot to tread
upon that sacred franchise. Such is the value of the
elective franchise, and such are the means provided
to defend and preserve it in its purity. But, in
order that this sacred institution shall remain pure,
and shall the more completely maintain all our other
free institutions, our constitutions and laws have
wisely defined the manner m which it sh^ll be used,
the unee vlier: .' ''sed the ''hire where it
