GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PES. SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1844.
Volume 13.2a.
[ Continued from No. 24- J
satisfied, was too bold and fanatical to be received;
and yet these people must have the same natural
rights as the illustrious, persecuted, Dorrite patriots
of Rhode Island. If the Dorrite doctrines were true,
the people of the District of Columbia were a perse-
cuted people, for they were already deprived of the
right of suffrage; and Congress might rule over them
with a rod of iron without responsibility to them,
for they could not resist the oppression at the bal-
lot-boxes. Where, then, was the limit to the exer-
cise of this natural rights? He was aware that
much prejudice existed against the charter of
Rhode Island, because it was derived from King
Charles II. It was a good theme for declamation;
and much horror might be expressed on the stump
of every tiling that savored of sovereign and kingly
authority; this was a good American topic for a
stump speech; but when' they were arguing ques-
tions affecting the perpetuity of our institutions,
they should appeal to reason, and not to prejudice
or passion. He then went on to show that the char-
ter of Rhode Island was first proposed in Rhode
Island by its eitizens; that it was then sent to Eng-
land for approval, and was afterwards submitted to
the people of Rhode Island, and by them sanc-
tioned, approved, and adopted; and it could only be
subverted and overturned in a legal and constitution-
al manner. But on the subject now under discus-
sion, history afforded some instructive examples.
They had only to turn to the history of the French
revolution for instruction and admonition. Why,
Robespierre, when he drenched France with blood,
was but contending for the same doctrines as were
advocated by Dorr and others in Rhode Island; and
Marat and others, when they shocked the moral
sense of the world, proclaimed but the same rights
of the people—a people who, to escape from the
carnage of such rulers, sought shelter behind the
despotism of a military ruler. But who were
the people? Who were the people in Rhode Island?
They were told that the Dorr constitution had been
adopted by a majority of the people of Rhode Isl-
and; but where was the evidence of that? The his-
tory of the matter was, that meetings were held by
certain people, and resolutions were adopted to
change the form of their government; some delegates
were appointed to a convention, and thus, without
other authority than of such a popular meeting,
they had assumed to act as the people of Rhode Isl-
and. Their resolutions were of the character of
those of the Mormons, or Latter Day Saints, hereto-
fore referred to in this debate; in which they agreed
that the earth was the Lord's, and the fullness there-
of: that the saints of the Lord were the rightful
heirs to the earth and all it contained; and that they
were the saints. He objected, then, to these things,
as a substitution of anarchy for law; and he con-
tended that a majority of the people could be a fac-
tion, and in such an opinion he asserted that he was
supported by Mr. Madison, from whom he quoted
to show the truth of his assertion.
He then proceeded to illustrate the positions he had
assumed, in various ways; and then said this subject
had come into the House under the auspices of the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Burke,] and
he deemed it appropriate to inquire how these natural
rights were there enjoyed. He quoted largely to show
that they were there violated,ana that aristocratic prin-
ciples, and property, and religious qualifications and
tests, were incorporated in the system of that State's
fovernment, notwithstanding its vaunted democracy,
le also quoted from tjie debates in the convention
of ihe State of New York, to amend its constitution,
to show what were the opinions of Mr. Van Buren
(the chief of the party which contended with Gov.
Dorr for natural rights,) on the subject of the right
of suffrage, and those natural rights of man.
Here was pure democracy—the democracy of
Mr. Van Buren himself, the leader of the great
democratic party of the United States. This groat
democratic champion, however, had been twice re-
pudiated by tlic people, and no argument had been
more poweiful in leading to this result than the
odious and aristocratic sentiments avowed by him in
the New York convention.
JVIr. ANDREW KENNEDY inquired if the gen-
tleman had not himself advocated the same doc-
trines.
Mr. SMITH replied that he had never advocated
any such doctrine. The doctrine which he had ad-
vocated was, that every white male citizen of the
proper age, and who had resided for a year within
the State, should be allowed to vote. He did not
ask whether a man was able to pay taxes, or
whether he was a householder; all that he asked was
that he should be one of nature's noblemen—a free-
man. These were the doctrines he had advoeatcd,
in relation to this subject.
Mr. S. quoted other passages of Mr. Van Bufen's
speeches to show that he was opposed to a liberal
extension of the right of suffrage. He then advert-
ed to the remarks of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Rathbun,] on a former day, in relation to Gov.
Dorr. The gentleman had said that Mr. Dorr was
very much afflicted by being incarcerated, and cov-
ered with vermin.
Mr. RATHBUN interposed to explain. He had
said it was impossible for him to avoid this conse-
quence in the place where he was confined, and not
from any fault of his own.
The morning hour having expired,
Messrs. CAUSIN and McCLERNAND simul-
taneously rose, and the Speaker gave the floor to the
latter, remarking to the gentleman from Maryland,
that lie had already addressed the House upon this
question.
Mr. CAUSIN said he wished to offer an amend-
ment, and inquired if it Vould not be in order for
him to do so.
Mr. McCLERNAND. If I am entitled to the
floor, the gentleman from Maryland is not
Mr. CAUSIN. I am making an inquiry of the
Speaker; I recognise no Speaker but one.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 do not recognise you
as Speaker.
After some further conversation upon the point of
order,
The SPEAKER decided the gentleman from Ma-
ryland could not now offer his amendment.
Mr. McKAY called for the orders of the day;
before proceeding to which, the following executive
communications were laid before the House:
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy ad inte-
rim, notifying that he had transmitted therewith
two hundred and fifty copies of the Navy Registerfor
1844, for the use of the members of the House of
Representatives: laid on the table.
A letter from the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, in answer to the resolution of the House
as to why the printing of the reportof the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Officc is delayed: laid on
the table.
Mr. HARDIN moved that the rules be sus-
pended, in order to allow him to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretai y of the Treasury be
requested to inform this House, at the earliest prac-
ticable day, what amount of revenue has been col-
lected during the present fiscal year, up to the 1st
day of March, 1844, distinguishing between the
amounts which have been collected from the sales
of public lands and from duties on foreign imports;
and that he also inform this House what amount of
revenue he estimates will be collected during the re-
maining portion of the present fiscal year.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 81, nays 89,as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Baker,
Burringer, Bidlack, Kdwaid J. Black, Brodhead, Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brew n, Buflington, Car-
roll, Caufcin, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch. Clingman, Colla-
mer, Cranston, Garrett DaMS, Dclle*, Dickej, Dickimon,
Fish, Foot, French, Giddings, Willi* Green, (jrinneil (Jri-
d^r, Hardin, Haipei, Hudson, Hughes, Washington Hunt,
Joseph R .Inger?oll. Irvm, Jenks, Ferley B. Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, John P. Kenned} , Dan-
iel P. Kim?, McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsh, KdvCard J.
Morris, Morse, Moseloy, Murphy, Newton, Patterson, Vcy-
ton, K.lteha R Potter. Preston, Ramsey, Ba\ ner, Belfe, Rock-
well, Rodney. Rogers, Sample,Sohenck, Senter, Sever-
ance, Albert* Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephen?, Andrew
Stewart, Summers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vin-
ton, Wethered, White, Winthrop and William Wright—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, James Black,'Black-well, Bower,
BowUa, Boyd, Jacob £rmkerhofl', William J. Brown. Burke,
Caldwell, Campbell, Catlin, Reuben Chapman,
Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Kichaf# Di-
Davis, John W. Davis, bean, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dvntfep,,
Elmer, Ficklin, Foster, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hut"
mett, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston,-
Hubbell, Hltngerford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, An-
drew Kennedy, Pfrestofi Kinsc,'Labranche, Leonard, Lucas,
Lyon, McCauslen, McGonnell, McDowell, McKay, Moore,
Owen, Payne, Pettit, Emety D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy. Rath-
buu, David S. Reid, Reding. Hitter, Roberts, Robinson,
Russell, St. John, Saunders. Tnofttai H. Seymour, SimpsoiT/
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, Stiles, Stone, tykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, WflSftteas,. Joseftb- A-
Wright, and Yost—93.
The rules were not suspended.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill providing;
for the CUltent expenses of the Indian department
was referred to the Committee of Ways ana Means*
Mr. McKAY theft moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY desired permission to in-
troduce a bill of which he had previou&ly.given
tice.
Mr. McKAY observed that he had proposed las$
evening that reports should be received from com-*
mittees, which would have given the gentleman aw
opportunity to introduce his bill; and he believed
the gentleman had voted against the proposition.
He would, however, offer no objection to the intro-
duction of the bill at this time, provided it would
lead to no debate.
Mr. KENNEDY then (unanimous consent fac-
ing granted, introduced a bill to alter the mode of
measurement of the tonnage of ships and vessels
employed in the merchant service of the United
States; which was read twice: and
Mr. K. moved that it be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McKAY moved to refer it to the Committee
on Commerce.
The SPEAKER then put the question, first on
the motion of reference to the Committee of the
Whole, which being rejected, the question was put
on the motion to refer the bill the Committee on
Commerce, and carried.
military academy.
On motion of Mr. McKAY,
The House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Drom-
goole of Virginia in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1845.
The state of the question was this:
Mr. Hale had offered a substitute for the whole
bill, providing 4tthat all acts now in force, autho-
rizing the enlistment or employment of cadets in the
Military Academy at West Point, after the 30th
day of June next, be repealed; and that all such ca-
dets now in service should be disbanded, and dis-
missed from and after that day."
And Mr. Davis of Indiana had offered an amend-
ment, in the form of a proviso, that the sum hereto-
fore annually expended in support of the Military
Academy be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of War, in teaching regular military dis-
cipline to the volunteer citizen-soldiery" of the seve-
ral States.
Mr. HAMMETT asked if it would be in order to
move to postpone the bill for a few days. If so, he
would make that motion, and assign his reasons
for it.
The CHAIR said that it would not be in order,
but that the bill could be laid aside by general con-
sent.
Mr. HAMMETT observed that, if agreeable to
the committee, he would state the reasons why he
wished to lay aside the bill for a short time. He
thought it must be known to every member of the
House that there was, in all parts of the country, a
strong and growing prejudice against the West Point
Acadcmy; and that the institution was becoming more
and more unpopular every day, in every section of the
land. lie believed that it could not exist much
longer as now organized, and that therefore its
friends, as well as those opposed to it, would see
the propriety of adopting a different principle in
regard to it. The grounds of the objections tQ this
