CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
most unhappy illustration of the necessity for edu-
cating cadets for the army, by comparing them with
the midshipmen in the navy. What was the ser-
vice rendered by midshipmen on board our national
vessels? Absolutely none. They were of no sort
of use; and precisely so was it with these cadets.
Mr. H. went on to argue that the pay of the offi-
cers of the army was too high, and instanced that of
a major general being between 7,000 or 8,000 dol-
lars a year. He also spoke of the allowance of near
$200 a year to each of these supernumerary second
lieutenants for servants, which he considered out of
place in a democratic republican government. He
supposed this allowance of two hundred dollars a
year for servants was for them to hand superflui-
ties to these supernumeraries. He denied that
General Washington ever recommended a military
acedemy like the present institution; and, if he had
done so, he would, instead of proclaiming it, have
endeavored to shield his great name from such a
reproach.
Mr. McCLELLAND addressed the committee in
favor of the Military Academy, contending for its
usefulness; and urged, as an argument in its favor,
that it had been recommended by every President
of the United States, from General Washington
down to this day.
He deprecated a course of ultraism, by which, he
was of opinion, nothing could be gained for the
country; and contended that the education of officers
to command our army was as necessary as the edu-
cation of persons designed for other professions. He
defended the institution generally, and highly ex-
tolled the characters of the graduating cadets.
Mr. HOLMES hoped the ruthless amendment of
the gentleman from New Hampshire would not be
adopted; and proceeded to show the advantages of
educating even supernumerary officers for our army,
as, with their aid, in three months, with as many raw
recruits as we had now disciplined troops, our army
might be doubled, and be efficient for the purposes
of national defence.
When Great Britain found that we had no army,
she heaped upon us insult after insult, until we were
driven into a war, all unprepared as we were. And
did gentlemen imagine that there was now no
danger of war lowering upon us from the northwest'
Americans were the promptest people in the world
to take measures for war whenever a territory was
disputed, let the British lion growl as he might; but
they were sadly remiss in the matter of preparation.
He deprecated the feeling of hostility which seemed
to exist, towards the Military Academy at West
Point, the benefits and advantages of which he pro-
ceeded to set forth at some length.
Mr. WELLER replied to the speech of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. The gentleman had
expressed alarm lest this institution, which had been
sustained by the power and patronage of the gov-
ernment, was now to be destroyed by the wild spirit
of democracy, as the gentleman was pleased to say;
which amounted to neither more nor less than that
it was to be abolished by the same power which
created it—viz: the will of a majority.
Mr. W. drew a comparison between the services
rendered by those who had been educated at West
Point, and those who had served as officers in the
army, not having been educated there. He referred,
in particular, to the services of General Dodge, of
•Wisconsin.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
WELLER and WINTHROP; when
Mr. BLACK having withdrawn his amendment,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered as an amendment
to the pending amendment the proposition suggested
by him to Mr. Hale, as follows:
"That no money appropriated in this bill, or here-
after to be appropriated, shall be applied to the pay-
ment of any cadet hereafter to be appointed; and the
terms of service of those who have warrants, now
in the academy, shall be held to cease from and after
four years from the time of their respective appoint-
ments."
And after some, further remarks from Messrs.
SCHENCK and JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL,
Mr. STEENROD moved that the committee rise,
And upon this motion tellers were ordered, who
reported 85 in the affirmative, and 50 in the negative.
The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That all debate on House bill No. 30,
"making appropriations for the support ot the Mili-
tary Academy for the i|scal yew ending the 3Qth
day of June, 1845," shall cease in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union within five minutes
after the House shall resolve itself into a committee;
and that the House will immediately resolve itself
into said committee, and the committee shall then
proceed to vote on all amendments pending, or that
may be offered to said bill; and then report the same
to the House, with such amendments as may have
been agreed to by the committee, unless the same
be sooner disposed of.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the House adjourn.
And upon the question of adjournment tellers wefe
appointed; but before the votes were counted,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and being taken, result-
ed—yeas 82, nays 66.
So the House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of 100
citizens of Union Grove, Whitesides county, for a
mail-route from Chicago to Albany, via Babcock's
Grove, St. Charles, Sycamore, Coltonville, and
Grand Detour: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. The petition of 100
citizens of Wayne county, Ohio, for extending the
provisions of the ordinance of 1787, relating to the
Northwest Territory, over Oregon: referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of Wesley Dc
Brulee, and upwards of 700 others, of Orange, Du-
bois, Warwick, and Gibson counties, Indiana, pray-
ing a grant of land for the extension of the Wabash
and Erie canal from Terre Haute, Indiana, to
Evansville on the Ohio. The memorial of C. C.
Graham, and 318 others; of John J. Nealy, and
117 others; of Louis C. Smith, and 23 others; of
Isaac Montgomery, and 9 others; of R. Edmund-
son, and 73 others; and of D. W. Breese, and 37
others, for the same object.
By Mr. A. C. DODGE: A memorial from the
Council and House of Representatives of the Terri-
tory of Iowa, representing that the public archives
of that Territory have heretofore been kept at this
city of Burlington, (where the governor and secreta-
ry have resided,) a distance of seventy or eighty
miles from the capital of said Territory, which the
memorialists regard as a public grievance, and there-
fore ask Congress to pass a law requiring the said
governor and secretary of Iowa Territory to keep
their offices at the capital of said Territory, and to
keep the public archives therein; which, together
with a letter from Governor Chambers, remonstra-
ting against the expediency of granting the prayer
of the memorialists, was referred to the Committee
on Territories. Also, another from the same body,
representing that the Territory of Iowa has a peni-
tentiary partly finished; that a large portion of the
land in said Territory is owned by the United
States, and not taxable; hence arises the impossibil-
ity of raising a sufficient revenue to finish said peni-
tentiary; and praying Congress to make, at its pres-
ent session, an appropriation of seventy-two sections
of land, to be selected by a commissioner appointed
by the governor of saiu Territory, for the comple-
tion of said penitentiary: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. Also, another from the same
body, representing that they are strongly impressed
with the opinion that the system of trade and inter-
course with the Indian tribes, as at present estab-
lished by the existing laws of the United States, is
radically defective, unjust, and ruinous to the In-
dians, and practically subversive of the just and ne-
cessary control and influence of the government
over them; and urging upon Congress an abandon-
ment of the practice of licensing tiaders to go among
them; and that the government take into its own
hands means so potent as those possessed by the
traders under the present system, of conciliating and
controlling the Indians; which, together with a let-
ter from Governor Chambers, expressing his deci-
ded concurrence in the views expressed by the le-
gislature, was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
By Mr. JOS. A. WRIGHT: Thepetition of John-
son  and 66 other citizens of the county of Vi-
go county, Indiana, asking for the vacant lands in
the Vincennes land district, Indiana, for the purpose
of continuing the Wabash and Erie canal from Ter-
re Haute to Evansville, Indiana: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. Also, additional pa-
pers in the claii$ of James McArray, for compensa-
tion for work and labor doi^e out Jkf national road:
referred to the Committee of Claims'^ ■ '
By Mr. HAYS: Two petitions fr.oni Crawford
and Mercer counties, Western Pennsylvi.r«ia> an
extension of the national road from Laurel. -Hill
the harbor of Presque Isle, on Lake Erie: refer."®" w>
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. BIDL'ACK: Three petitions of similar"
tenor, from citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for an
alteration in the law in relation to coasting licenses
upon coal boats. Also, a petition from Benjamin
F. Wesley, an invalid.
By Mr. PERLEY B. JOHNSON: The petition
of Wm. Root and 63 other citizens of Washington
county, Ohioi praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Little Hockhocking to Plymouth,
in said county: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of N. D. French
and 90 others, citizens of the State of Illinois, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Peoria,
Peoria county, via Mount Holly, Wyoming, Tou-
lon, the seat of justice of Stark county, Wethers-
field, Gennessee, Sharsn, Crandell's Ferry, Parker's
Grove, Otter Creek, and Johnson's Creek, to Savan-
nah, in Carroll county, in said State of Illinois: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. Also, the petition of Joseph Kellogg and
25 ofliers, citizens of Ogle county, in the State of
Illinois, praying Congress to pass a law making
compensation for losses in the Black Hawk war:
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The memorial of Thomas
Duncan and 92 others, citizen* of Shelby county,
Illinois, asking an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi and its tributaries. Also,
the memorial of H. H. Hunt and 176 others, citi-
zens of Clark county, Illinois, askiitg an appropria-
tion for the continuation of the Cumberland road.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE GLOBE.
Washington, March 13, 1844.
Sir: In the report of the remarks I had the honor
to make before the Committee of the Whole on the
Military Academy bill, the following language is
ascribed to me:
"He (Mr. S&ymour) saw no necessity of haying
companies of sixty to one hundred men to garrison
the forts on the Atlantic seaboard. He was willing
that the posts on the great highway to the Oregon
should have men to garrison them, but he wanted
no army on the Atlantic seaboard."
Though such, in part, might have been my lan-
guage, it does not place me in the true position I
had assumed. I was contending for a reduction of
the army to at least one half it# present numbers,
which would then, as I claimed, leave a sufficient
force for the peace establishment. The reduction, I
urged, might be made at the forts on the Atlantic
seaboard, some of which were crowded to excess,
giving four hundred as the greatest number of men
at a station, instead of one hundred, as reported.
But I never meant to say, and did not, to my recol-
lection, claim, while speaking of the Western posts,
that I wanted no army on the Atlantic seaboard.
Do me the favor to make the correction, and
oblige, Respectfully, your obedient servant,
y THOS. H. SEYMOUR.
IN SENATE.
Friiuy, March 15, 1844.
The President pro tem. laid before the Senate a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting, in compliance with 3d section of the act
of Congress of March, 1843, a report of the officers of
the mints, of assays made of foreign gold and silver
coin: referred to the Committee on Finance; and on
the motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, ordered to be
printed.
Also, a copy of a report mp.de to House of Repre-
sentatives, on the 18th December last, upon the sub-
ject of the act of Congress of 30th August, 1842, en-
titled "An act for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Wm. D. Cheever;" which, on motion of Mr.
WOODBURY, was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 28th ultimo, requiring the Secre-
tary of War to report to the Senate, a copy of the re-
port made to the Indian Department, by G. M. Butler,
agent of the United States for the Cherokee tribe of
Indians, a report from Mr, Crawford, the commis-
