402
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
ready become the reward of their desired change. Rehoboam
succeeded Solomon. He refused to lighten the burdens of the
people; and this caused a dismemberment of the empire—ten
tribes going off, under Jeroboam, and forming: a separate gov-
ernment. From this time the nation became rapidly more and
more corrupt; the kings more and more despotic; the people
more and more enslaved: and the result of ail was the decay
and ruin of the government. Let lis sum up the evils of the
change:
I Aq increase of taxation, with the increase of the military
spirit; and numerous and exhausting wars, as a consequence.
% Tyranny and despotism in the government—many of the
kings becoming as tyrannical as the eastern despots.
3. A neglect of agriculture.-
4. Entire change in the admirable agrarian laws of Moses.
5. Ultimate rum, and subjection of the nation to a foreign
yoke.
And this, sir, was the career of the Israelites; and this the
rum brought upon them by that fatal word change, invented,
introduced, and rung by demagogues and corrupt politicians,
who have been the overthrow and downfall of every republic
I have no time to trace up the histories of lepublics, or free
governments, and expose the fatal effects of that word change.
If I had, I could refer you to the word change, which was nev-
er out of the mouth ef Hanno, by which he embarrassed the
correct action of the senate of Carthage, and poisoned the minds
of the people; and by which he embarrassed the movements of
Hannibal, at ihe very time he was shaking the walls of Rome;
and by which he succeeded in effecting the recall of Hannibal,
and, with his recall, the destruction of the last hope of ever
conquering Rome; and by which, too, he and his kindred spirits
succeeded in overthrowing the republic of Carthage, and mak.
ing her the prey to Roman conquest.
T could, also, refer to the demagogues and corrupt and bribed
politicians of Gieece, who, with their pockets full of Persian
g« ld, and their mouths filled with change, laid the foundation
for the overthrow of her republics. It was the same fatal
•word, in the brawling mouths of corrupt politiciar-s, that sub-
verted the Roman republic; and the same word, after the over-
throw of the republic, placed one vile despot after another on
the throne, each vile despot viler and more despotic than his
predecessor, until'the people of Rome, from being the freest
people on earth, became the greatest slaves on ear.h, and un-
til, too, it was finnlly overthrown. The oveithrow of all those
republics was brought about by the word cAawg-einthe mouths
of corrupt politicians, hired demagogues, and pensioned liars,
precisely such asoverspr-ad our country in 1840, and by
whose means the democracy were overthrown. Yes, sir,
overthrown by pensioned liars, hired demagogues, cor-
rupt and bribed politicians, whose incessant cry was
change! change1 change' The word change was never
permuted to die r n the ear. Well, the change was ef-
fected. The democratic party was overthrown. A democrat,
ic candidate for the presidency was defeated in his re election
—one who had administered the government on as pure prin-
ciples as itever had been administered or ever will be admin-
istered—one who had sustained our free institutions, the consti-
tution, and the nation's honor, with an ability and a wisdom
which never has been surpassed since the formation of our
government—a man who was and is alike d'siinguished for
the purity of his morals as for his talents as a statesman; dis-
tinguished alike for his firmness as for his attachment to demo-
cratic principles and the support of democratic institutions;
alike Astmguished for the qualities of his head as for the "ood-
ness of his heart; with a moral reputation which even the sirocco
breath of slander dare not approach. Such was the man whose
election was defeated by that potent word change, and itsaccom
panying means. Yes,sir,the accompanying means;Imusthave
something to say about the accompanying means, in connex-
ion with the word change. And what were they? Ah! sir,
rould they be blotted from the recollection of man, and could
the history^ that records them be annihilated, what 'riend to
his country—what man or patriot, jealous of the honor and the
reputation ofhis country and the American character, would
■wish to revive their recollection"* But to the disgrace of this
people, and to the dishonor of our republican institutions, here
and elsewhere, they live in memory—they live m history, and
will hve after all who now live will have returned to dust.
They will live when time shall have crumbled the marble col-
umns that support the dome ofthie hall; even then, the drunken
orgies whickdisgraced the elections of 1840 will hp clashed with
the drunken orgies which disgraced all Greece in the worship
ofBacchus; fresh, then, will the disgraceful scenes of 1840 be
in history, as the bacchanalian feasts are now. So wc cannot
hide them; knowing them as we do,and known as they are, we
may betterserve our country by exposing them.
I desire to tax your time a few moments while I make a
few comments on truth—for I regard it as the highest virtue
of any peop'e, whether in a national, or in an individual
point of view. In the language of another, truth is a light from
on high. T. is almost the only thing on earth which i* worth
the research and care of man. It is the light of our mind; it
should be the uileand the guide of our heart, as it is the founda-
tion of our Lopes, and the comfort of our fears. It is the alle-
viating balm of our evils, and the true remedy of all our trou-
bles and misfortunes It is (he source of good, and the horror
*f bad conscience; it is the secret punisher of vice, and the
pvpriastme reward of virtue. It immoitalizes those who prac-
tise it; it dignifies the chains, and makes supportable the dark
and gloomy dungeon of those who suffer for if; and it brines and
perpetuates public praise and public honors upon the memo-
ries of thc>se who have been its defenders and its martyrs. It
makes respectable the humility and the poverty of those who
nave sacrificed ail in its pursuit and its support. It inspires
magnanimity of thought, and torms heroic *ouls, of which thi?
wor.d is unworthy. It has made every sajre and fverybero
that the world has ever produced, worthy of the name. How
ir,ilouunate that it was it was not berur known and more
highly appreciated by the whissat alj but more e^vectstb
m the political campaign of 1840! But to form a true «.'i
mate of Its exalted merits, we must contrast it with iH.mtaso-
™ 1 >°0< 1 *hlfh' of a" v,ccs' ,s the m<1sl j"-
Mm !?nn n! nt1'i, II 8li,k5 lhose who prartisr «. in thees
timauonof God ami the virtuo«, Wnrw, below the brute; and
ifirms the end, the lu in. .u„l the disgrace it is sought to avoid
All -hese principles and effects, whether of truth or lohehnntl
^Theaoplie.1 in an indiv„„',al and puvVte sense; t.° how
r Sr'"" <",',raable !? n,th when applied in a national senset
V e JiTf m """? and hornble is falsehood when
. a national sense, or list d to deceive a nation"? A false
imoi is a misrepresentation of a fact, or things, for the pufpl se
of deception. Afalsehood works two evils—a crime on.thepart
of him who attempts to deceive, and an injury on the part of him
who is deceived. If an individual makes a misreprentation, not
knowing it to be such, he lsgmlty of no falsehood in the moral
sense, and is guilty of no wrong except the injury to him wh 
is deceived. So, too, if an individual relate a falsehood, aud it
falls to deceive the individual intended to be deceived, either
from the improbability of the thing intended to be misrepre-
sented, or from the known .character of the misrepresentoras
a liar,—in that case, the misrepresentation fails of its object,
and no injury is done; but the moral turpitude of the falsehood
is undiminished. The failure to accomplish a crime, does not
dimmish the crime involved-in the intention and effort to com-
mit it. So, too, is a falsehood criminal in proportion to the in-
jury which its miarepiesentation may effect. If it deceives a
nation, it 10 criminal in its effects and design, in proportion to
the magnitude of the nation and the extent of the evil. Now,
sir, I charge falsehood as one of the means used by the federal
party in 1840 to overthrow the democracy, and to defeat the
•lection of Mr. Van Buren, and every democratic candidate that
was defeated. But when falsehood is substituted for truth to
effect an object, every other means—however criminal, how-
ever mean, however detestable, and however degrading—are
sure to be called in as auxiliaries. So it was in the election of
1840—to falsehood as & means, slander, detraction, perjury,
bribery, and treason, were called in-; and the whole, united,
constituted a part of the means by which the federalists w> re
too successful. But, in addition to falsehood, and all its vile
and unworthy associates, there were other means used, equally
degrading to the American character, and the American nation;
all of which I shall treat m their ordSr. And first of the false-
hoods—wholesale-falsehoods I deal in—wholesale and geneial
whig falsehoods I begin with No.1. It wassaid the administra-
tion of Mr Van Buren was an extravagant, a wasteful, and a
corrupt administration. To put a ^direct contradiction upon
this triple falsehood, I will submit statistics; and in order that
I may be read with greater ease, I will make them as brief as
possible; and in order to illustrate, I will compare figureswith
the expenditures of this administration that promised such re-
form.
The appropriations which supplied the first year of Mr. Van
Buren's administration, were made under ihe last year of Gen.
Jackson's administration; and of them I will say nothing. The
amount expended in the firstyear of Mr. Van Buren'e adminis-
tration, which waa the year 1837, wa9 . - $31,610 003
Second year, 1838, ..... 31.514396
Third year, 1839, ..... 25,443.716
Fourth year, 1840, ..... 22.389 356
Total
- 110 997 471
the aggregate amount of the expenditures of Mr. Van Buren's
administration. I say aggregate amount; I mean by that the
ordinary and extraordinary expenditures; I mean by the ordi-
nary expenditures, the civil and diplomatic expenditures, as
well as the ordinary expenditures for the army and navy, In-
dian annuities, and interest «>n the funded or District debt—all of
which are ordinary, because they are of yearly occurrence,
whether we are m peace or in war. They are incidental to the
army, to the navy, and to our funded debts. I mean by the ex-
traordinary expenditures, those which occurred in consequence
of the border difficulties; the public buildings, the Creek Indian
war, the Florida war, the removal of Indians across the Missis-
sippi, and their settlement m agriculture, &c —all of which
were extraordinary expenditures', nearly all of which had their
beginning, and nearly all of which had their end, in Mr. Van Bu-
ren'  administration. I will exhibit the amount of those ex-
traordinary expenditures, as well their several as their aggre-
gate amount. 1 will separate them from the ordinary expendi-
tures, and show the difference I will then compare the ordi-
nary expenditures under Mr Van Buren's administration. with
the ordinary expenditures of this whig reform economical ad-
ministration, and exhibit the difference, and make it so plain
that every democratic boy of Israel shall be able to overthrow
any whig of Gath, or of the Philistine tribe, though he be as
big as Goliah.
The amount expended for the Florida war within the term
of Mr. Van Buren's administration, together with the Creek war,
was, as reports show .... $38,000,000
The amount expended on behalf of allourborder
difficulties BOO,000
Amount for removal of In&ans across the Missis-
sippi, ami their settlement - - . 3 261 315
Amount expended on the public build'na1?, viz: ' '
Amount on the tieasurv building • . 400,000
Do do post office do - . 400,000
Do do patent office do - - 400'000
The aggregate of which is . . . 42.961,315
Deduct this aggregate from the expenditures for
theentire administration of Mr. Van Buien • 110,997,471
And we have the sum of
$68 036.156
This we find to he the entire amount expended in Mr. Van
Buren's administration for us full term, for the ordinaiy sup.
port of the army, navy, and the government, civil and diplo-
matic.
I now exhibit the expenditures of the first two years of this
Philistine whig administration,—whig in the Senate—whig in
the House—whig all over, with the entire control of the gov.
ernment in their hands, so far as the appropriating power
was concerned; and I have no expenditures to exhibit but
tho.ee which I have called ojrhnary in Mr Van Buren's ad-
ministration, for the-re has been no Florida war. no Indians to
remove, no border difficulties except what were settled by nego-
tiation, nor any public buildings, except some small finishing
expenditures; and % fi.it do tod ibn.k they aie,-ii? I hold in
my hand Hou«.e document No 62, prepared by a whig officer of
thin House: of course it s hoocJ authority affainst whig profli
?*'7 Here is the document. It is a pamphlet; ir is all cover-
d with figures, ar. 1 every figure ceunts tens, hundreds, thou
sands, ten* of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions, and
'ens or millions, such as no man can number or derail in a
speech. I mu9t deecrihe by aggregates. I must lump the
millions Here they are. I expose them to the honest peo-
pie, the hard handed tax payers, who were promised reform,
retrenchment , and relief from tax burdens, if they would unite
with the federalists to overthrow the democracy.
While in power, the wliigs held three sessions in one Con-
gress. Here are (he appropriations made each sessioa:
For diplomatic and-miscellaneous— •
Firsttse8 ion • • • #1,065,091
Second session ■ • ♦ 4 625.443
Third session ■ • • 6,%5,645
  $12,646,079
For naval service—
First session
Second session 5
Third, session
For military service, including all
which belongs to the military
department—
First session
Second session
Third session
Further appropriations for the
naval department, second and
third sessions, show
1,703 676
6,684,769
9,144,733
2,274 637
8,737 864
9,098 907
17,522,478
20,111,408
9,030.900
858,719 867
Thus, it seems that the ordinary expenses of the whig reform
and retrenchment administration for two years, (not four,)
shows the sum of fifty-eight millions seven hundred and nine-
teen thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven dollars.
Now for the comparison. I have deducted the extraordinary
expenditures under Mr. Van Buren's administration from the
ordinary, and find that they were—
For the first year • - • $14,603,490
For the second year - - - 14 537,879
For the third year • • • 8 437.203
For the fourth year ... 5 382 843
Makinginall - , . 42,961,315
which is th-. amount ofthe extraordinary expenditures. If we
deduct this sum from the whole amount, (.ordinary and extra-
ordinary expenditures,) the balance will show the amount of
ordinary expenditures through the whole four years of Mr.
Van Buren's administration:
Aggregate amount of ordinary and extraordinary expendi-
tures # . - . . $110 997,471
From which deduct—
Extraordinary expenditures • . 42,961,315
. ; 68.036.155
inis estimate shows that, through the four years of Mr. Van
Buren's administration, the ordinary expeudituies of the gov-
ernment were sixty-eight million thirty-six thousand one hun-
dred and fifty six dollars; while a federal coon administration,
in two years of its time, under a solemn pledge of reform and
retrenchment, has expended fifty eight millions seven hundred
a,nf* nineteen thousand and nine hundred dollars. Let us see
the difference. Here it is:
Amount uf all ordinary expenditures under Mr.
Van Buren's administration (four years) - 68,036,156
From which deduct—
Amount of all ordinary expenditures tinder
the coon administration (two years) . $58,719,967
810,316,189
Thus it appears from statistics, official and true as moral
reason, that the ordinary expenditures of the two first y< ars
of this reform and retrenchment administration have been
but $10,316,189 less than the entire four years of Mr. Van
Buren's administration. But, I may be told that there were
some extraordinary expenditures necessaiy under this admin-
istration; what were they? The Florida war was closed when
it came into power; at least, so near so, that there were not
tour hundred Seminole warriors in Florida, and they were
fast coming in and surrendering. The boundary difficulty was
so tar concluded, that nothing was left but negotiation, and that
was conducted to our disadvantage, our dishonor, and the sur-
render of a vast territory. The Creek war was ended, the
Ureek and Cherokee Indians were removed, and tbe public
buildings were nearly completed. But, if it is contended that
tnere were extraordinary expenditures, I will offset them wi.h
some extraordinary expenditures in Mr Van Buren's adminis-
tration, which I have not classed as such. I mean the expendi-
tures growing out of theextra session, in the summer of 1837,
which was brought upon the people by the impolitic connexion
T a k ^overPrnent with the swindling banking inetitu'*ons.
And this, sir, is the end, so far as retrenchment and reform is
concerned,.which was to justify th? corrupt means which were
used to defeat the elect on of Mr. Van Buren, and overthrow
the democratic party. The mearis, as I have stated—felge-
hood, and its infamous auxiliaries, corruption, bribery, tr< ason.
and perjury—were to be justified by the end; and the end is an
increase of the expenditure nearly double, and consequently
a double imposition oftaxes, and doubleburdens on the people,
so much for the corrupt meant; so much for the un-
forennateewe?, both worthy of each other, worthy of the
party who used them, and worthy of the pany who have
brought them about. I?ay, then, that the promises which
were made of reform and reti enchment were falsehoods; they
were made for tbe purposes of deception, and have deceived:
thfy invoive thecrime of falsehood, and the injury of de-
ception. But the sweeping, unlimited, and reckless false-
hoods of 1840 were not confined to false piomises, they were
fraught with slander, detraction, and libels both of men and
measures. To enumerate the falsehoods and slandeis would
require volumes; to enumerate the slandered won'd be to em-
brace every prominent democrat in tbe counny, and eveiy
measure of the then administration It is not mv purpose lo
enter into particulars, or to deal m personals!'^"; but there is
one case, and one person, that I mus' b" permuted to spe.ik of
while on this branch of the subject. The ca^ to which 1 oNude
was thespeeeh of Mr Buchanan of ihe Senate; and that per-
son is honest John Davis of Massachusetts. Honest John' God
save the mark!
nifr When supporting the independent trensury
'hi, said: The chief ob|ect was to disconnect the government
'f0'" a!; panks; to se^methe people's money from ihe wreck of
the banking system, and to have it alwnvs re^dy 10 promote
the prosperity ofthe country m peace, and to defend it in war.
Incidentally, howevei, it will do some good m checking the ex-
travagaiit spirit of speculation, which is the bane of society "
air. p.? throughout his speech, from which the above extract is
