388
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
sioner of Indian affairs;, which, on motion -of
PHELPS, was"referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance wish a resolution
of the Senate, of the 13th instant, a report from the
United States mineral agent at Lake Superior; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. "ALLEN presented a memorial from citizens
of the-eounty of Wayne, Ohio, asking Congress to
extend the protection of the laws of the United States
over the Oregon Territory; which was ordered to lie
on the table, a bill for that purpose having been re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. BREESE introduced the memorial of Wil-
liam S. Wait, and 500 other citizens of the bounty
of Bond, Illinois, praying for adequate .appropria-
tions for the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river, and the lakes, and for the con-
tinuation of the Cumberland road.
Mr. B., oil presenting the memorial, remarked
that, some weeks since, Tie presented the memorial
of one of the most intelligent citizens of the State
he represents, on the subject of the improvement of
the navigation of the Mississippi river, by removing
the snags and other obstructions in it, which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce. On that
occasion, he adverted to some facts for the consid-
eration of the Senate and the country, showing the
pressing necessity for the immediate action of Con-
gress in the matter, and the claims the West had to
adequate appropriations to effect the desired object.
He commented on the vast and constantly increas-
ing trade upon that stream, and the dangers by
which it waa beset; and claimed for that portion of
our confederacy an equal share in all the benefits of
its excellent constitution—an application to it of the
same power applied in aid of our commerce on the
seaboard.
Mr. B. said he had now to present the memorial
of a committee of citizens of Bond county, in the
State of Illinois, praying the early and efficient at-
tention of Congress to this great and vastly impor-
tant subject, and asking for adequate appropriations
for the nvers, the lakes, and the Cumberland road.
Mr, B. said that heretofore the appropriations for
these several objects have not been adequate. They
have not been measured by the admitted importance
of the great national interests so intimately linked
with them, and so dependent upon them.
He said that the most superficial glance at the com-
merce of the West carried upon those great inland
seas and occan streams, growing up in a few years,
from an amount quite insignificant, to millions, em-
ployed as capital, and requiring expenditures only
to be estimated by many millions, must satisfy the
representatives of the different sections of the na-
tion of its strong claims to the aid and protection,
by all constitutional means, of the national Con-
gress. He said all that was desired was, that the same
construction should be placed upon the power vested
in Congress to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions and among the several States, when the atten-
tion is directed westward, that has for years been
placed upon it when turned in another direction.
Mr. B. said lie felt assured that Congress would, in
view of the magnitude of these interests, be induced
to make adequate appropriations to protect and ad-
vance them; and while many millions are asked and
obtained for the protection of our commerce upon
the seas, not more than one million will be required
for that of our great rivers and lakes.
Mr. B. said it was well known that the commerce
of the lakes had increased most surprisingly in a few
years; and on one of them (Lake Michigan) there
was but a single harbor—that of Chicago; and that
not in a secure state. The growth of that place from
a hamlet in 1832 to a city now of near nine thousand
inhabitants, and with a tonnage of 117,000 tons,
may be cited as an instance of (lie advancement of
the West generally, and presents a strong claim to
our favorable regard.
In regard to the Cumberland road, which is
another national work presented in the memorial,
Mr. B. said that it had always been understood that
the nation was committed to" its completion, and to
its extension to the capital of Missouri; and ere long
he hoped it would be engaged in completing it to
the Columbia valley. He; said that seven States,
through which it is projected, and in some of them
completed, are deeply solicitous on this subject, and
could justly reproach the government with delaying
action upon it. The compact with the States under
which this road was commenced, Mr." B. said,' has
beet) of immense advantage to the United
as it has been the .inducement to thou-
sands to purchase government land and settle
upon it. Great numbers have been allured by this
supposed pledge of the government to, make this
road, to embark their all in lands upon the route,
trusting to that work to make them valuable, and
by which we have been enabled to sell large tracts
which would otherwise be at this moment a part of
the public domain. Besides all (Mr. B. said) in
virtue of this compact, the new States agreed not to
tax the lands of the government, by which they
have been deprived of, in mere revenues, more than
sufficient to have completed the road according to
the original design. In addition to this, he said, no
complaint should be indulged towards the new
States for asking the government to carry on this
work, when it is considered that it is or was the
owner of the largest part of the land in the States
with which the compact was made. It was good
policy, as an inducement to purchasers of land, to
make the compact; and it is but just to the States
that it should be carried out. He said, unlike the
old States, they own none of the public domain
within them. They have had no fund, such as
their elder sisters have enjoyed, by which to
project and carry on works of this descrip-
tion. If they had, Mr. B. said no such com-
pact would have been entered into; and no appeals
to Congress would have been urged. He said if
they were in the same condition the original States
are, with respect to the land within their limits,
they would have no claim upon the attention of
Congress. It seemed to him, he said, a measure
which Mr. Jefferson proposed, and which has been
advanced, more or less, under every administration
except the present, cannot be unconstitutional, and
that sound policy requires its speedy completion.
Mr. B. said the Committee on Roads and Canals
had reported a bill proposing to appropriate for this
road, in Ohio, $100,000, and for each of the States of
Indiana and Illiniois $150,000; and he earnestly
hoped that it would receive the favorable assent of
Congress. Mr. B. said he relied confidently upon
its sense of justice so operating, as to grant adequate
appropriations for the rivers and lakes.
He then moved that the memorial should be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and that it be
printed agreed to.
Mr. KING presented a petition from the heirs of
William Fisher praying the confirmation of his
claim to a tract of land; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back with an amendment,
House bill entitled an act confirming and assenting
to an act of the legislature of Virginia, entitled "An
act further to amend the act incorporating the Ches-
apeake and Ohio Canal Company.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made an adverse report on the petition of
P. S. V. Hamot, praying for the refunding of a sum
of money recovered from him as the surety of a de-
faulting collector; mid an adverse report on the peti-
tion of John Hanes, late marshal of the District of
Alabama, tiraying for the adjustment of his ac-
counts for tne maintenance of certain captured Afri-
cans; which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of Micajah
French; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill respecting the boundary line
of the State of Missouri; which was read, and order-
ed to a second reading.
Also, reported a bill for the relief of John Grant;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which had been recommitted the
bill for the improvement of Fox and Wisconsin riv-
ers, and to connect the same by a canal in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, reported the same back with an
amendment, striking out the portion of the bill
adopted on an amendment of the senator from North
Carolina requiring that the lands appropriated by
it shall be deducted from the 500,000 acres to which
that Territory will be entitled under the distribution
act when she shall be admitted as a State into the
Union; and an amendment accepting the proposition
of the senator from Ohio, [Mr. Aillen,] providing that
the act should be of no validity or force until ac-
cepted by the legislative council of Wisconsin.
Mr. T. remarked, that if the amendments of the
committee were adopted, the bill would then pro-
vide that the 320,000 acres now granted shall not be
deducted from the 500,000 acres to which Wiscon-
sin will be, entitled under the distribution act when
she becomes a State; and provided that her assent
shall be had before the law be 'of force.
Mr. HAYWOOD made an effort to have the con-
sideration of the bill postponed till to-morrow, to en-
able him to express his views in opposition to it in
the form which it had been made to assume.
Mr. TALLMADGE and Mr. WALKER op-
posed that request, on the ground that action on the
bill had been protracted unusually long by frequent
postponements.
Mr. TAPPAN also desired that it should be post-
poned with a view to have the proposed amendments
printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE said the amendments had
been already before the Senate, and discussed; that
they were simple, and easily understood; and restated
what they proposed.
The question was then taken on the proposition to
postpone all the previous orders, with a view to take
up this bill, and carried in the affirmative—ayes 24,
noes not countcd.
Mr. HAYWOOD demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendments proposed by the Committee on
Public Lands; which were ordered.
The CHAIR stated the question would be first
taken on the adoption of the amendment providing
that the land appropriated by this bill shall not be
in part of the 500,000 acres to which Wisconsin
shall be entitled by the distribution law, when she is
admitted as a State into the Union.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word "not," so as to make
the land appropriated by this bill part of the 500,000
acres to which Wisconsin will be entitled by the
distribution act.
Mr. TAPPAN thought the amendment ought to
be adopted. This being merely an appropriation
to make a work on the public account; it would not
be right or equijable to charge Wisconsin with the
cost, or to attempt to take from her, for such pur-
pose, any portion of an appropriation made by a
former law. It would not, he repeated, be right or
proper to impose on Wisconsin the task of paying
for a work which it was expressly stated was for
the national good. He doubted very much whether
Congress had the power to take back any part of
what they had previously granted.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, as a member of the
committee reporting the bill, felt gratified in finding
the sentiments just expressed by the honorable sen-
ator from Ohio to concur perfectly with his own.
It would, in his opinion, be unjust in the extreme
to deprive Wisconsin of the portion of land neces-
sary to carry out this great national undertaking.
He was certain, if the many benefits which the per-
fecting this work would give to the public were
sufficiently understood, the bill would meet
with the unanimous concurrence of the Sen-
ate. It commended itself to their considera-
tion as a great national work, which, by opening
the public domain, offered an encouragement to
emigrants that would speedily be seized on; pur-
chasers for the land would be found in abundance,
and its value consequently enhanced. This work
would add to the national prosperity—would aug-
ment the revenue by increasing the internal com-
merce of the States; it would open an avenue to
facilitate military operations, and in the event of
war would offer immense advantages in the celerity
with which troops could be concentrated on any
point of the frontier. It should not, therefore, be
charged on Wisconsin; it would be cruel to deprive
her of any portion of what was granted to her in
common with others for the carrying out a work
altogether national. He hoped that the light in
which the subject was placed by the senator from
Ohio, would do away with all opposition to the bill
as now proposed.
Mr. McDUFFIE had but just entered the cham-
ber, and wished for information on the question un-
der consideration.
The PRESIDENT read the amendment reported
by the committee.
Mr. McDUFFIE was prepared to vote for the
bill, as long as he regarded it beneficial to theTerri-
tory, provided such benefit was first acknowledged
by the consent of the legislative council of the Terri-
tory, to accept it as part of the donation of 500,000
acres provided for by the distribution act; but, as
the bill now stood, it was a gratuitous donation by
