3&0
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
X-
Tallmadge, Tappas, Upham, Walker, White, Woodbridge,
and Woodbury—31.
Mr. WOODBURY offered an amendment, pro-
posing; to strike out so much of the section as relates
to the selection of other lands in lieu of alternate sec-
tions taken up.
The amtaidment was adopted.
Mr. ALLEN now renewed his amendment of an
additional proviso, to the effeet that the act should
not take effect till the Territory of Wisconsin signify
its acceptance of its provisions. •
He agreed wiih his colleague, that this was not a
grant, but an appropriation; differing in no essential
particular from an appropriation of money, except so
far as it designates the source from which the mo-
ney is to be obtained.
Suppose this work is incomplete when the Terri-
tory becomes a State: who is to finish it? In all
probability, the next session of Congress would
have to admit the Territory as a sovereign State into
this Union.
Congress met next session. Wisconsin pre-
sented herself for admission into the Union. It was
not a matter of discretion with Congress to refuse
to admit her. We could not say to the Territory of
Wisconsin, We have completed a great public
work, and we will not now admit you. The consti-
tution required that she should be admitted, after
fulfilling its provisions. We met here on the first
day of the next session, for instance. The Secreta-
ry of War, in his annual report, informed us that
the public lands designated to be sold had not yet
been sold; and, the very same day, the Territory of
Wisconsin presents herself to Congress for admis-
sion. How is Congress to act? How did this bill
place you? You are to admit' the Territory;
that you cannot avoid. The constitution com-
mands, and you obey. The people of Wisconsin
have a right, under the constitution, to be admitted,
and Congress could not exclude her from the Union.
You have, then,'to convert the Territory of Wis-
consin into a State before one solitary provision of
this bill has been executed in any particular. He
asked who was to execute the terms of the bill?
Here was the federal government prosecuting a work
within the jurisdiction of a sovereign State, enjoy-
ing its full sovereign power, without the consent of
that sovereignty. He asked where were we to get
authority to do that' The answer was, simply,
there wafi no authority at all. Either the grant
must be unconditionally made, or it was unconsti-
tutionally made. If it was proposed that the fede-
ral government should execute this work, let it say
so; but not pretend to make it a kind of coalition,
by which the work was to be done jointly by the
two governments. If the work was to be done
solely at the expense of the general government, let
it be so done. The general government had no right
to impose conditions upon the Territory of Wis-
consin without the consent of that Territory.
There might be other evils arising to the people of
Wisconsin, besides those in relation to the increase
of tolls on this particular work; and it would be ob-
served that the restriction in the bill, limiting the
tolls, was to lust as long as the earth through which
the canal was to be traced. Here was a great pub-
lic work, which, one year before the Teiritory be-
came admitted into the Union, Congress proposed
to take into its own hands, knowing that it would
have to prosecute the work after the Territory be-
came a State.
You require the people of that Territory, without
their consent, to pay $2 50 per acre for land upon
the, whole line of country, 200 miles in length,
through which the canal was to run. It was doub-
ling the price of tend upon them, and that, too, under
circumstance* which were peculiarly unfavorable to
their condition.
The effect of the measure would be, that persons
who had located lands, would be enabled, by the,
rise of price, to sell it at $1 75, the moment this act
passes, having paid only §1 25, and by the specula-
tion, making their fortune. Not until all these pri-
vate lands had been sold at $1 75 per acre, would
one solitary acre of government land be disposed of
at |2 00. 1
Where was the money to be obtained to build this
canaP Did any body suppose that this wilderness
was to be cut through, in one year, before the Ter-
ritory became a State? In all probability, she would *
be admitted in a session or two. Did not every man
who understood the progress of population in the
West, know that it was absolutely impossible for a
sufficient number of people to be there now to be
benefited by, this improvement, and that they would
be only drawn there by the prospect of speculation?
It would be a very great inducement for the spec-
ulations of land proprietors. It was imposing a
grievance upon the people of Wisconsin; and it pro-
posed to do this without consulting them. He (Mr.
A.) believed Congress had no right to do this; and if
his amendment prevailed, he would vote for the bill;
but would oppose it without theamendment. He con-
fessed he was astonished, when he reflected upon
the fact that this work was designed to be executed
before the Territory became a State, to see such a dis-
position manifested not to consult the Territory upon
the subject. He always feared men who came to
him with presents m their hands. The Territory of
Wisconsin would have reason to fear Congress, if it
came with a gift in its hands, by which it arrogated
to itself a power over it after it was to become a
State.
Congress was about to legislate upon this matter
in a way which was to deprive the State of Wiscon-
sin forever of all the advantages arising from the
work; and without consulting her at all. It might
be a very important matter to Wisconsin to have
this as a State work. The question was laid before
the State of Ohio, in a common discussion amongst
the Ohio people as to whether the great Ohio canal
should be embarked in as a work to be done by a
company, or whether the State should undertake the
work itself. The State undertook, and completed
it; and 3he would not now exchange it for a hundred
millions of dollars—a work which was executed at a
cost of six millions. When the Territory of Wis-
consin became a State, it might be a source of great
profit to her to execute the work herself; whereas,
by this act, the general government was bound
forever to father or take this much of the Territory
of Wisconsin under its special charge. Would the
organic legislature of that Territory thank the gov-
ernment for such an evidence of fatherly care?
In conclusion, he (Mr. A.) replied to the argu-
ment advanced by the advocates of the bill-—that the
country was suffering for the want of a canal—and
insisted upon his amendment, reiterating his asser-
tion that Congress had no right to proceed in the
matter, without consulting the Territory.
Mr. TALLMADGE said, as the bill now stood,
it granted the alternate sections at double price, to
raise the means of carrying out the work; and the
improvement would, therefore, cost the government
nothing. The bill, since it had undergone the re-
vision of the committee, was in a shape which did
not require the amendment of the senator from
Ohio. The memorial of the Territory was before
the Senate, signifying its desire for this improve-
ment, and for the grant of land precisely as given
by the bill.
As to the work being incomplete when the Ter-
ritory becomes a State, Congress will have full
control over the matter; and can then, if necessary,
hand over the -frhole canal to the new State.
Mr. ALLEN asked if there was not an easy rem-
edy for the objections he had urged, in providing, by
an additional clause, that the lands shall be with-
held from sale until the assent of the legislative as-
sembly of the Territory be given to the provisions
of the bill.
Mr. TALLMADGE said Wisconsin did not
want that: she wanted the lands to be brought into
the market, with a view of having the country set-
tled.
Mr. WALKER thought there was great force in
the observations of the senator from Ohio; and lie
would, to meet the senator's objections, offer a fur-
ther amendment, which was to modify the proviso,
to read as follows:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect until
the legislative assembly of the Territory of Wis-
consin shall have signified its acceptance of the pro-
visions of this act; [adding] and, in the mean tune,
the lands hereby reseived for the United States, as
well as the lands proposed to be appropriated to the
improvementdesignated in this act, shall be reserved
from sale until the assent of the Territory of Wis
consin shall be given; and, if said Territory does
not assent, by act of the territorial legislature, with-
in twelve months from the passing of this act, then
this act shall be of no force or effect.
Mr. ALLEN accepted the modification of the
amendment as proposed by the senator from Mis-
sissippi.
The CHAIR then stated Mr. Allen's amend-
ment as modified.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was very much m favor of
the bill, but did not approve of the amendments
now offered. It would be imposing an unnecessary
and improper restriction on the grant. Congress
was itself the guardian and judge of what was best
for the Territory, having just as much control ovtr
it as over the District of Columbia.
After some conversational debate on this point be«
tween Messrs. ALLEN and CRITTENDEN,
Mr. WALKER (having put his modification of
Mr. Allen's amendment in written form) urged its
adoption on the grounds that it would prevent specu-
lators from taking up the lands, contrary to the in-
terests of the general government and the Terri-
tory.
The question was then taken on Mr. Allen's
amendment, as modified by Mr. Walker, and re-
sulted in the negative—yeas 16, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Breese,
Buchanan, Fairfield, Hannegan, Haywood, Huger, King,
McDuffie, Sturgeon, Walker, Woodbury, and Wright—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Clayton,
Critttwiden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Francis, Fulton, Hen-
derson, Jarnagin, Johnson. Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, l'orter, Semple, Sevier, Simmons, Tallmadge,
Upham, White, and Woodbridge—27.
Mr. BREESE pomtfed out a discrepancy between
the words of the report and of the bill, as to the
points between which the canal was to be made. If
confined to the "portage," the length of the canal
would only be two miles; if to "navigable points,"
as ex- pressedin the bill, there was no knowing the
length. He wished for information.
Mr. TALLMADGE said, that in other bills of
similar character, the words "navigable points" had
been used.
Mr. BREESE moved to strike out the words
"navigable points," wherever they occurred in the
bill, and put in the words "the portage."
Mr. WOODBRIDGE believed the report of the
War Department went into minute details; but he
was disposed to leave to the discretion of the topo-
graphical corps, under whom the work was to be
constructed, a choice of the points most desirable
for making the two rivers.
Mr. BREESE believed it would be found by the
report, that the engineers had confined themselves
to the portage, and did not name "the foot of Sv/an
lake" at all, therefore unnecessarily introduced into
the bill.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. McDUFPIE inquired if the lands along the
line were now subject to private entry?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE could not answer the gen-
tleman authoritatively; but he had no doubt the pub-
lic surveys had gone so far, that the lands were open
to private entry.
Mr. HAYWOOD observed that there was no
doubt of those lands being open to private entry.
Mr. McDUFFIE submitted the following amend-
ment. "That the alternate sections hereby appro-
priated or reserved, shall be reserved from entry or
sale from the 15th March, 1844." The entry of
lands would otherwise be a matter of speculation,
a character of entry he wished to prevent as much
as possible.
Mr. HANNEGAN suggested an amendment, by
adding, "until the same shall be selected by the
proper officers."
Mr. H. subsequently withdrew this modification.
Mr. WHITE suggested a modification as a sub-
stitute, to strike out some words; but—
The CHAIR explained that the bill contained a
provision which accomplished the object the senator
from Indiana had in view.
Mr. WHITE then withdrew his amendment. He
suggested that the word "lands" be substituted for
"alternate sections."
accePte-d the modification.
l he CHAIR then ■stated the, amendment as modi-
fied.
ProPos'!(l a further modification:
that the lands shall not lie subject to entry either "
as pre-emption rights might be made. '
agreed that tlie lands ought to be
exempted from pre-emption. He, therefore, sub-
mitted as a substitute the following:
"That no part of the lands within the limits afore-
iZi' r a! 1 Koldor be subject to entry after the
15th of March, 1844, until the selection shall be
made by the proper authorities as contemplated bv
this act; [subsequently enlarged by Mr. Hannf-
oanas heretofore shown, to include as follows:!
and no right to pre-emption shall accrue thereon,"
Mr. HANNEGAN, though favorable to ordinary
pre-emption rights, did not think it preper to allow
pre-emption rights to lands wised m value as'these
are. He suggested that the modification ought to
