April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40#
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Brodhead.
H. of Reps.
dered state of the various organs which I have ex-
amined, that they plainly predict the entire over-
throw of the federal party, and, with their over-
throw, the downfall of all their high-toned federal
measures. Their fate seems to be as distinctly
marked in the entrails of this animal of whig adora-
tion, as was the fate of Belshazzar upon the
wall of his palace chamber; and all the terror that
seized him, now shakes them.
I think, sir, I can perceive, with the same dis-
tinctness which guided the ancient oracles, in the
bowels of this emblem of whig principles, the very
States which will cast their votes for the democratic
nominee of the convention to be held in Baltimore.
I predict from these signs, with oracular certainty,
that Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia,
South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, New Jer-
sey, New York, Now Hampshire, Pennsylvania,
Maine, Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri,
Arkansas, Tennessee, and Connecticut, will tri-
umph in the election of their respective number of
democratic electors, which will be one of the most
triumphant and glorious victories which the democ-
racy of this country or any other ever gained. This
is my prediction; arid let no whig pagan so profane
himself and his coon religion as to repudiate it; for
• it is drawn from irresistible signs, displayed in the
vitals of the' animal of his most sacred and politica
devotion and reverence. Then I would say, in the
spirit of all candor, Go ahead, democrats—the signs
are in your favor. Unfurl your banner to the
breeze. Triumph will be yours. Victory will once
more perch upon the democratic standard. Once
more you will teach the revilers of republican gov-
ernment, and the enemies of free institutions, that
the people are capable of self-government.
Mr. Speaker, patriotism is - the spirit by which
our political fabric is held together. The elec-
tive franchise is the soul of our republic, and the
freeman's boast. Let it be supported, and it will
support all the rest; all will be safe. The solemnity
of the legal and judicial oath is the sheet-anchor of
all our moral, religious, and political institutions.
Let corruption pollute the ballot-box, and perjury
corrupt the sacred sanctuary of truth, and all is
lost. Our institutions, political, moral, and religious,
will all sink together, and the offspring will be as it
was in the French revolution. Your legislative
halls will present but scenes of butchery. Plunder,
murder, and arson, will be but legalized crimes.
And, too, as m the French revolution, your Sabbath
will be changed to a decade, and the house of God
to a stable. The word of God and your revealed
religion will be paraded through your streets on an
ass, m contemptuous ridicule, and consumed oil bon-
fires. Your Redeemer will be postponed to a mur-
derer, and your Maker to a prostitute, styled the
goddess of Reason. Your judiciary will be con-
verted into a triumvirate; your seats of justice into a
fuillotine; and your fields will be drenched in blood.
'hese, sir, will fill the measure of such iniquity,
such frauds, such perjury, and such treason, as
were practised in 184U, if persisted in, unchecked
and unrestrained.
The passage of this bill will destroy the tempta-
tion and the means to perpetrate such violence.
Let the whirlwinds and tempests of party spirit and
party passion run mountain high; the safety of the
republic, the purity of the ballot-box, and the secu-
rity of our free institutions, will not be drawn into
the vortex and wreck of ruin. Can we not lay aside
all party feelings for this time, and on this occasion,
ana come up as one man in support of this measure?
Now is the time—now is the day. We are on the
eve of another presidential election, which will
elicit every feeling and every corrupt passion which
party strife can e gender; and is there not danger
that the same scenes of 1840 will be acted over? Is
there not danger that our moral, our political, our
free, and our religious institutions, may receive
another shock, which may palsy them beyond re-
covery?
Sir, my heart is fixed and set on the passage of
this bill; and I feel as though I have a right to ap-
peal to the patriotism of this House for its support;
and if I had the voico of thunder, I would extend
that appeal to the remotest parts of this Union. I
would awaken the attention of every patriot, of every
lover of human liberty, and of our free institutions
and their duration, to the support of this measure. 1
would invoke him, in the name of human liberty, and
on behalf of his free institutions, by which he ex-
pects to perpetuate that liberty; in the. name of that
majesty which is his, by the rights of a freeman, to
send forth his voice to this hall, and demand3 and
command his representative to support this bill—to
make this bill a law of this land.
I would extend that appeal, too, to every press, the
potent engine of human . liberty, and tne terror of
crowned heads. I would ask them to raise the
strong arm and the loud voice in favor of this bill.
I would say tok them, now is the time, and this is the
occasion, which demand that influence which is
theirs. I would ask that same influence in behalf
and in support of this measure, which lias demolished
thrones, torn crowns from the heads of despots,
broken crosiers, and redeemed nations.
SPEECH OF MR. BRODHEAD,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives, Jpril 27, 1844.—
Upon the subject of the tariff.
The House having resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the State of the Union, and
taken up the tariff bill—
Mr. BRODHEAD obtained the floor, and said
he had not heretofore occupied much of the time, or
trespassed much upon the patience of the House by
speech-making. He had remained comparatively si-
lent, partly because of his youth and inexperience,
when compared with the venerable and experienced
gentlemen about him, and partly because of the great
anxiety which he always discovered upon the part of
other gentlemen to address the House whenever a
debatable subject was presented. But (said Mr.
B.) such frequent reference, has been made during
this discussion to the State which it is my honor, in
part, to represent—so deep and vital an interest have
the people of that State in the measure now under
consideration, reaching as it does their business re-
lations and industrial pursuits—and so extraordinary
are the sentiments which have been advanced by the
honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Belser.,]
who has just taken Ins seat, that I feel called upon
by an imperious sense of duty, paramount to every
other consideration, to submit a few remarks.
X intend to discuss the subject without reference to
party considerations, so far as a thing of that kind
is possible without withholding the truth. It is a
question which rises above and overrides those of a
partisan character.
The course of Pennsylvania, from the organiza-
tion of the government to the present time, upon the
subjcct of the tariff and protective policy, has been
no less consistent than it has been wise and patriotic.
In tlie first Congress held under the present consti-
tution, when the first bill to levy impost duties was
under consideration, Mr. Fitzsimmons, a representa-
tive from that State, on the 8th of April, 1789, sub-
mitted the proposition, having the double object in
view of raising revenue and protecting American
labor. It was advocated by Mr. Madison, and the
bill passed, containing a preamble stating its object
to be for the "support of the government, for the
discharge of the debts of the United States, and the
encouragement and protection of manufactures," &c.
Since that period, however much other States have
changed their policy, and the statesmen thereof their
opinions, Pennsylvania has maintained her position.
The next tariff bill was passed in 1816, more protec-
tive in its character than the act of 1789.
It was emphatically a southern measure, brought
forward and advocated by the great southern states-
man, Mr. Calhoun. It received the united vote of
the Pennsylvania delegation. The New England
States were then engaged in navigation and commer-
cial pursuits, and voted against it. Next came the
bills of 1824 and 1828—both protective in their de-
sign—and both received the unanimous support of
the Pennsylvania representatives. The South, the
East, and a portion of the West, changed ground.
Then came the compromise act of 1833, introduced
by Mr. Clay, which abandoned the protective prin-
ciple, and therefore never received the sanction of
Pennsylvania, and of which I will speak herafter.
It was repealed by the act of 1842, which the bill
now under consideration proposes to modify.
Many of the laws of Congress have acted op-
pressively upon the State from whence I come; and
such will be the effect of the bill now in hand, if it
becomes a law. But I tiust none of her people or
representatives will, on that account, have their at-
tachment for the institutions of their country weak-
ened, or imitate the example of the honorable gentle-
man [Mr. Bf.lser] who has just taken his seat, by cal-
culating, in a certain contingency, the Union's value,
and the constitution's obligation. Occupying an im«
portant position between tlie dividing interests of the
North and the South—heretofore always moderate
in pretence, but greatly in demand—she has, as
well from a sense of duty as from patriotism, spo-
ken out, upon all suitable occasions, in behalf of
the integrity of the Union. When, under the op-
eration of the embargo, and other acts, which it was
alleged prevented the eastern people from spreading
a sail to the breeze, some of the New England
States sent delegates to what was called the Hart-
ford convention, to plot the destruction of the Union,
Pennsylvania, through her legislature, adopted an
address and resolutions which caused treason to hide
its diminished head, and which will remain a monu-
ment to h#- fame when her other exploits will be
forgotten, "or comparatively unknown. When, un-
der the operation of the tariff laws of 1828, South
Carolina and other southern States talked about re-
bellion against this nation, she spoke in the same
emphatic manner. Let, therefore, the action of this
Congress be what it may upon this exciting ques-
tion, Pennsylvania will bow in sumission to the de-
cision, and only seek redress in a peaceable and con-
stitutional manner; for we know that the will of the
majority, when constitutionally expressed, must be
submitted to, else despotism will follow, or civil war
ensue.
I have said, Mr. Chairman, that, in my State, the
people are united upon the subject of the tariff; but
I should perhaps qualify that remark a little. There
is a party ill that State (the whig party, as they now
call themselves) who run into ultraism and drag it
into the arena of party politics, and thus bring into dis-
repute and endanger the success of the measure
they profess to have so much at heart. They con-
nect it, too, with other measures—the establishment
of a national hank, a system oj internal improvement
upon the part of the general government, which Gen.
Jackson arrested by his veto of tlie Maysville road
bill, (thus connecting the patronage of the govern-
ment with the money power of the country;) and if
they, with their friends in other States, succeed
with these measures, a national debt of200,000,000 of
dollars will be the consequence, and no tariff bill
which can be framed, will be adequate either for
protection or competent to supply tne~ wants of the
treasury, i hold that no United-States-bank-paper-
money-internal-iraprovement man can be a true
friend of the protective policy, as I will attempt to
prove, if I have time, before I conclude. Our ex-
ports, imports, and prices, are all affected and regu-
lated by the currency.
It will be see*, by the census returns, tliat Penn-
sylvania has a deep interest in the protective policy.
Taken as a whole, the citizens are an agricultural
people; and therefore the first inquiry with me is,
what will best promote their interests. Can it be
done by increasing the number of farmers, and thus
increasing the quantity of their surplus produce, or
increasing the number of consumers, and thus afford
them a market for what they have to sell? A divis-
ion of labor and employments, and a variety of prod-
ucts, according to the opinions of all writers upon
political economy, are essential to the prosperity of
any people. Wealth and prosperity to a nation can
only flow from agriculture, commerce,and manufac-
tures combined. That division now exists in Penn-
sylvania to a greater extent than in any other State
of this Union. Her population is now about
1,800,000. According to the census returns, the
number actually employed (excluding those depend-
ent upon them) in business are as follows:
207,533 in agriculture.
105,883 in manufactures.
15,338 in commerce.
4,603 in mining.
3,950 in internal navigation.
1,815 in navigation.
The value of the annual-products of that State are
as follows:  
Agriculture - - -
Manufactures - 3d,354,279
Minimr - 17,666,146
Commerce - 10,593,368
Forests - 1,203,578
Fisheries - - * 35,360
It will be perceived, by a comparison of these ta-
bles with those of other States, that we have about
six times more men and capital employed in mining
pursuits than the six New England States; three times
more than the other four middle States; a third
more than the five southern States; twenty time?*
more than the five southwestern States, and a third
more than the eight northwestern States and Terri-
tories. This great mining interest has principally
sprung up within the last twenty years? and. consist*
