CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
be made to the effect that "no right of pre-emption
shall accrue thereon."
Mr. WHITE- said that met his ideas.
Mr. McDUFFIE accepted the modification.
Mr. TAPPAN said the sales would go on and
could not be prevented. He, therefore, moved to
amend the amendment by adding that all sales of
these lands made between the 4th of March and pas-
sage of the said act, shall be null and void.
Mr. WHITE thought such sales could not be ab-
rogated, if made prior to the passage of the act; but
it might be so provided from the passage of the act.
The difficulty could be obviated by the action of the
department itself. He proposed to substitute for the
words "15th March," "from the passage of this
act."
Mr. McDUFFIE wished the provision to stand
on the face of the act as a sort of terror to specula-
tors, warning them that their purchases would not
be allowed. He accepted the modification.
Mr. HAYWOOD suggested that the words rela-
ting to pre-emptioncrs should be prospective. It
should be that no right of pre-emption shall "here-
after" occur.
This modification was adopted.
Mr. BREESE moved te strike out of the 15th
line, 1st section, the words "at foci of Swan lake,"
and insert the words "the portage."
Mk WHITE thought it was the sense of the
Senate to leave the choice of the points to the engi-
neers.
Mr. BREESE observed that the engineers, in
their report, say nothing about the Swan lake. His
object was to make the bill correspond with the re-
port.
Mr. WHITE hoped to see the navigation made
so good as to admit of being ascended by steam-
boats. Nothing could be lost by leaving it to the
engineers to decide, aftes a more thorough survey,
how the connexion of the rivers should be made.
Mr. BREESE said the engineers had already
niade a thorough examination, and had decided
upon the portage being the proper location for the
canal. .
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PORTER said, at the end of the first section
it was provided that no tolls should be levied except
for keeping the canal in repair. He thought there
should enough for attendance also. He therefore
moved that the words "for attendance" should be
added.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out alt after the
word "and" in the 26th line to the end of the 33d line,
"providing fehat no more toll shall be colleeted than
liscc&sary to keep the canal in repair, and for at-
tendance." It was a provision worse than useless,
no.t being binding on the Territory, as Congress
could enforce no such obligation.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ALLEN, desirous of obtaining time for his
colleague to prepare an amendment he had in
view, moved to lay the bill on the table for the pre-
sent.
This motion was, however, decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. ALLEN then moved to amend the bill at the
end, as follows:
Provided, That all the said work shall be execute^
out of the moneys arising from the sales of lands
hereby appropriated, and no other; and shall not be
commenced until the account arising from such
sales shall be sufficient to justify the eommencemeat
and jyoiecution of! t)>e. work.
"Mr. TA'LLMADGE accepted it, and if was
adpjftred.
' Mr. TAPPAN said, it appeared to him, some pro-
vision should be made for the ownership of this
canal, after the Territory shall be admitted
as a State. He would, therefore, move an
amendment, that after the Territory becomes
a State, the canal shall be granted to the State
on the condition of charging no more tolls:, .-.pon
it than necessary to keep it in repair, and^ for attend-
ance. He moved the luviier consideration of the
tyU be, nosspojjsd til! *' Monday, for the purpose of
snkbUhg KmY to put his amendment m 'proper form.
' X>n' this motion the ayes were 17, noes 21.
So the further consideration of the bill was refused
to be postporied.
' Mr. TAPPAN withdrew his amendment,
Mr. ALLEN made some observation not, h<;ard.
Mr: WOODBURY suggested the propriety of
giving the senator fvovn Ohio [Mr* Tapfan] time to
prepare hp"
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said the subject would be
at all times open to Congress for adjustment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that courtesy re-
quired concession to any gentleman wishing to post-
pone, for a proper object. The senior senator from
Ohio [Mr. Tafpan] had not consumed much time
in discussing this bill, although much time had been
test on it altogether. He had so much confidence in
the judgment of the senator, that he would be very
glad if the friends of the bill would consent to the
postponement till Monday, and that orders would be
given to print the amendments.
This motion was concurred in.
On motion, it was agreed, that when the Senate
adjourned, it be to Monday next.
Mr. BAYARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Public Build-
ings be directed to furnish to the Senate a statement
of the lots and squares in the city of Washington,
conveyed to the United States by the original pro-
prietors. Also, a statement of the squares and lots
sold, the sums for which they were respectively
sold, and the aggregate amount of sales. Also, a
statement of the number and value of the squares
and lots conveyed under donations from Congress;
and also the number and estimated value of the
building lots belonging to the United States remain-
ing unsold, and the extent, in feet or acres, of the
several public squares and reservations within the
said city.
The House bill to repeal certain sections of the
distribution act vyas then taken up on its second
reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to lay it on the
table.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays on that
motion, which was ordered.
Mr. KING asked it it was the intention of the
senator to lay the bill on the table, merely with a
view of taking it up again for consideration?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Never, sir, as long as I
live—never.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
22, nays 19, follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Francis, Huntington,
Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Porter,
Simmons, Tallmadge, Upham, White, and Woodbridge—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby,
Breesc, Buchanan, Colquitt, Fairfield. Flillon, Hannegan,
Haywood, Henderson, King, McDuffie, Semple, Tappan,
"Walker, Woodbury, and "Wright—19.
So the bill was laid on the table.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 15, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JAMESON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made a report upon the memorial of the
general assembly of the State of Missouri, in rela-
tion to the swamps of New Madrid and the St.
Francis river, in Missouri and Arkansas, accompa-
nied by a bill, gi&nting to the States of Missouri
and Arkansas certain alternate sections of land in
and near the New'Madrid and St. Francis river
swamps, for the purpose of reclaiming the value of
the public, lands in the vicinity thereof: referred to
tl)£ Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union; and the bill and report were ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. SIMONS, the rules were sus-
pended to allow him to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the chief of the Bureau of Medi-
cine and Surgery be requested to furnish each mem-
ber of this House as many copies as, may be con-
venient to be spared of the  of the nawf hos-
pital fupt\; and also of the pamphlet containing the
nodical bills of the Florida squadron, if in his pos-
sesssion; also, the pamphlet containing the bills of
the general expenses of the Florida squadron: Pro-
vided, That no expense shall be incurred in the com-
pliance with the terms of this resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON said he hoped the resolution
woulfi be SO amendsd that. no. additional printing
would, rsquirsd, or expense incurred.
ftjir. SHVK)NS consented to the modification,
and it \*ras nullified accordingly.
jVfr. McKAY said; he did not think the modifica-
tipn altered the nature of the proposition. He sub-
mitted to the House whether it was not highly im-
proper to require the chief of the medical bureau to
furnish these books which,, as he understood, had
not yet been paid for, at the same time declaring that
no additional expense should be incurred." The
House, he thought, would, by requiring the books
to be furnished, virtually commit themselves to pay
the expense; He moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which was carried.
Mr. G. DAVIS inquired what was the first busi-
ness in order.
The SPEAKER replied that the first business
was the resolution of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether he was
not entitled to the floor during the morning hour.
The SPEAKER said that the consideration of
this resolution, being a part of the unfinished bust
ness, took precedence over all other business.
Mr. SAMPLE inquired if this was not private
bill day by the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative; but
repeated that the unfinished business had prece-
dence.
The question being on the adoption of the follow-
il^j resolution:
Resolved, That all debate on House bill No. 30,
"making appropriations for the support of the Mili-
tary Academy for the fiscal year ending the 30th day
of June, 1845," shall cease in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union within five minutes
after the House shall resolve itself into a committee;
and that the House will immediately resolve itself
into said committee, and the committee shall then
proceed to vote on all amendments pending, or that
may be offered to said bill; and then report the same
to the House, with such amendments as may have
been agreed to by the committee, unless the same be
sooner disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON modified his resolution so as to
go into committee at 1 o'clock.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the resolution was
amended by striking out "1" and inserting 12
o'clock.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered";
and, being taken, resulted—yeas 95, nays 59, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Benton, Bidlaek, James Black,
Bower, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerlioft", Aaron V. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Reuben Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Crcis, Oullom, Duna, Daniel, John "W. Davis, Dillingham,.
Dromgoole, Duncan, Dnnlap, Ficktin, Foster, French,
Byram Green, Hale, Hammett, Haralson, Hays, Henley,.
Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell^
Hughes, Hungerford, James Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Per ley B. Johnson, George W
Jones, Andrew Kei\r\ixly, Preston King, KirkpatricK, La-
branclie, Leonard Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen,
Maelay, MoCteUand, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, MMurphy, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit,
Emery D. Potter, Purdy, David S. Reid, Reding, Roberts,
Rubmson, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Thomas H Sey-
mo.ur, Simons, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, SvUes,.
Taylor, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, "Wentworth, Wheaton,,
Williams, and Joseph A.Wright—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Baker, Bariinger, Jere-
miah Brown, Buftington, Carroll, Catlin, Cansin, C&ilton,.
Collamer, Cranston, Garrett Da\is, Richard 1). Travis, De-
berry, Dellet, Dickey, Fish, Foot, Giddings, "WuUis Green,.
Gnnnek, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hudsov., Washington.
Hunt, Jenks, John P. Kennedy, Daniel ^ King, L&wis,,
Mc.llvaine, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Newton,.
Patterson, Peyton, Elisha R. PotU^,. Preston, Ramsey,.
Rathbun, Rockwell, Rogers, Saippte, Schenck, Senter,
Severance, Albert Smith, Ca^ty B. Smith, Stephens, Til-
de n, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wetliered, White, Wiiithrop,,
and William Wright—50,,
The resolution was adopted.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to, suspend the
rules, to go into Committee of the Whole on the
Military Academy bill.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, the roll was called, and the
question was decided in the affirmative, yeas 98,
nays 51, as follows:
YF.AS—Messrs. Abbot, Anderson, Atkinson, Ben'or. .
Bidlaek, James Black, Blackwell, Bower, Boyd, J^cot
Brmkerhoft', Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Burke. Burt,
Caldwell, Cathn, Reuben Chapman, Clinton, CotaV, ( ales
Cross, C«llom, Dana, P.. J. Davis, J, W, Davis, Dv^Vrtjrhufn,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ficklln, French, 3, Green,
Hale, Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Herrick, Hvg-}, Hopkins.
Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, J;i:iies B. Hua;
Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johr^qii, George W,
Jones, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, La^r&nche, Leonard,
Lewis,Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslin, Maelay, McClelland,
McClernaiKl, McConnell, McDowei^ McKay,Moore, Mur-
phy v Owen, Parmenter, Payne, F.mery D. Potter, Purdy,
Rafhbun. David S. Reid, 5-^diiig, Relfe, Ritter, RoW
erts, Robinson, St. John, Saunders, Thomas
H. Seymour, Simons, Slidell, Thomas Smith. Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stetsoa, JC(hn Stewart, Stiles, Sykes, Taylor,
