CONGilESSIOfJAL GfcOJSE.
RHODE. ISLAND AFFAIRS.
The question on the resolution from the Select
Committee on the Rhode Island memorial came up,
but 011 the motion of Mr. J. W. DAVIS, it was
postponed until Tuesday next.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved a suspension of the
rules, so as to permit committees to be called for
reports; but the motion was not agreed to.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
The SPEAKER announced the order of the
day to be the bills on the private calendar.
Mr. HALE callcd up the pending question on the
reconsideration of the vote by which a bill was
• passed on a previous day, for the relief of William
Ellery.
The vote was taken by Messrs. Winthrop
and Bukke, tellers, and they reported 69 in the
affirmative, and 43 in the negative; so the vote was
reconsidered. The vote was then agreed to be
taken on the engrossment of the bill, on which the
yeas and nays were ordered, and taken as follows:
yeas 69, nays 67, so the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed.
The question being upon the passage of the bill,
a brief debate ensued, in which Messrs. CAVE
JOHNSON, WINTHROP, and DANIEL P.
KING took part.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question order-
ed—viz: shall the bill" pass.
Upon this question the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 72, nays 69. The bill was passed.
The House then took up the bill for the relief of
John P. Schuyler, the question being on its engross-
ment; and after a debate in which Messrs. CAVE
JOHNSON, RAMSEY, RATHBUN, and TUCK-
ER took part, the question was put, and decided in
the affirmative.
The question on the pa&age of the bill was then
taken by yeas and nays, and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 71, nays §1.
The bill for the relief of the owner at)d crew of
the schooner Success was ordered to b,e engrossed;
and was read a, third time, and passed.
Also, the following:
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Folger.
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Tuck.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Wm. Augustus
Atlee.
A bill for the relief of George M.'Jones.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Dean.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by tSue members presenting
them:
By Mr. St. JOHN: Memorial of Henry Ebert
and <jne hundred and sixteen citizens of Sencca
county, Ohio, asking an appropriation to perfect the
provisions of a treaty entered into with several
tribe of Iadiaus, ,a£ Brownstown, in the Territory
of Michigan.
By Mr. RAMSEY: Memorial of John Reynolds
and 140 others, citizens of Lebanon county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to maintain the tariff of
1842, until experience shall have demonstrated, by
ascertained facts, that a change would be for the
tetter.
By Mr. OWEN: Petition ofLucretia Foot for a
pens'ion. referred to the Committee on Revolutiona-
ry Pensions,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturhav, March 1£,
ENGRAV1KG AND LITHOGRAPHING FOR Tfip
HOUSE."
Mr. SIMONS submitted the following resolution: _
Retched, That there be appointed a standing com-
mittee of this House, to consist of three members, to
be Cided the Committee on Engraving, to whom
-shall he referred by the clerk all drawings, maps,
charts, or other papers, which may, at any time,
.come hafoEe .the House for engraving, lithographing,
fir publishing in any-way; which committee shall re-
port to the House whether the same ought, in their
opinion, be published; and if the Hor.se order the
publication of the same, the said conn«itte,e sh$ll di-
rect the size and manner of execution of all such
maps, charts, drawings, or other papers,'and to con-
tract by agreement, in writing, for all such engra- ,
ving, lithographing, printing, drawing, and coloring •
as may be ordered by the House; which agreement,
WMng, shall be furnished by said committee to
the Committee on Accounts, to govern said commit-
tee m all allowances for such works; and it shall be
in order for said committee to report at all times.
Mr. STEENROD objected to the increase of the
standing committees; but if a committee must be ap-
pointed, he thought it should consist of the usual
number of members that constitute the committees
of this House. He suggested the propriety of giv-
ing this business to ' the Committee on Accounts;
and he so moved to amend the resolution. He
spoke at some length on this branch of business,
and the alleged frauds in connexion therewith.
Mr. SIMONS defended his resolution, and con-
tended for the necessity of the appointment of a
committee, to guard against the abuses now so ap-
parent in the engraving done for the House.
Mr. S. entered at some length into an exposition
of the abuses which had been practised in relation
to the subject of engraving; showing, from tabular
statements, that sums had been paid for lithographing
enormously disproportionate to the estimated value
of the work.
The following are some of the items referred to:
For lithographic charts of the bar and bay of St.
Joseph's and Ship Island inlet, 1,250 copies, the
lithographer received $1,200.
Estimate for engraving the same, §180.
For lithographing Texas boundary, there has
been paid $750.
Estimate for engraving the same, $400.
Mr. Throop estimates the engraving of Cape Fear
river at §200.
Mr. Graham, for lithographing, estimates the same
at $156.
The lithographer received for this $2,500.
Wilmington harbor, estimated cost of lit horaph-
mg, $188.
Paid §4,000.
For lithographing Tybee bar, estimated cost $250.
There has been paid for the same $5,400.
For coloring maps, charts, &c., by different per-
sons, $3,789.
Of which $700 or $800 were paid to a single female
member of one of the officer's families—the officer's
salary bc^ig $3,000 per annum.
Mr. S. adduced, .as another gross abuse, that $50
was paid for putting1 up, Doling, and cartage of tlie
maps, when the boxes could not have eo.>t oyer $5,
and the cartage not over $1. All these abuse:! had
occurred within the last four years.
Mr. PATTERSON said he was very glad that
tii/i gentleman from Connecticut had brought this
subject «> Jjje notice of the House. He had no
doubt that thoiussnds of dollars might be saved,
provided the proposition (tf the gentleman was
adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded tlie p<evioits
question; but withdrew the demand to pernjtt
Mr. ADAMS to make some remarks.
Mr. rose and inquired of the chairman of the
committee whp Jiad reported this lesolution, whether
the committee were informed of the names of the
persons by whom these contracts had been made,
whereby the government had been forced to pay
ten times the value of the maps.
Mr.-SIMONS replied that the committee htd
thought it best to avoid giving any more than the
general view of the abuses, unless more specific in-
formation were specially demanded.
Mr. ADAMS said this was not the first time that
he had witnessed a debate in this House upon the
subject of engraving; nor was it the first time that
he had heard charges of a most extraordinary char-
acter. He did not know how tlie committee could
proceed with an inquiry into gross corruption, with-
out mixing personalities with it; for otherwise, of
vha' use would it be to expose these monstrous ex-
travagance;- and frauds? It would be a mere ab-
stiaction, though nut i Virginia abstraction—an ab-
straction of a dtfferent'nature. SJo^ the gentleman
had disclosed, certainly, a l.iumbe'jr of interesting
facts; anil he would like to know tin what'pe.sQn.-i
these facts bore. If they were questions of abstract
wrong, without reference 'to par.tic.olar persons, he
did not see where the remedy could- be applied. He
could not conceive how the inquiry into Uie commis-
sion of crimes could have been made without refer-
ence to persons; and he made this remark, in justice
to persons, as well as to the public; for it might be
that those implicated could, if an opportunity were
afforded them, show that they were not so culpable
as tie committee supposed. Jf an authority to ex-
amine persons and papers should be deejned neces-
sary, he woujd jyjoye to j;i>;e it
Mr. SIMONS said that the object of thecomrtiit-
tee was to.break up the system of extravagaitee that
had prevailed, rather than implicate persons;, for the
evidence they had been able to collect, though strong
enpugh to show that abuses existed, was not such
as it would be proper to implicate individuals on." .
Mr. HALE hoped that the resolution Vould be
ad opted; and*before he took his seat,he would propose
an amendment to it. While up, he would take oe-
casion to say a word or two on this subject of the
reformation of abuses. When, some weeks ago,
an honorable gentleman from Missouri alluded to
an abuse that had been committed in the Navy De-
partment, by which the government hail been de-
frauded out of $17,500, in a contract of #18,000,
and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. "Vv ise] re-
plied that this was one of the little abuses, he con-
fessed he considered it rather a rhetorical flourish
than a matter of sober fact. At this session a
Committee of Retrenchment was appointed; 'and
they had already ferreted out abuses which ought
to make every member of the House blush to'
think that they had ever existed. This report,
now before the House, showed that not fraud only,'
but swindling and downright robbery had been
practised on the government, charging four or five
thousand dollars for that which the mechanic who
executed it received two hundred and fifty; and yet
he would not be surprised if the matter was permit-
ted to rest where it is.
After a few more remarks, Mr. H, offered an
amendment.
The SPEAKER said that the amendment was
not in order.
Mr. HALE requested that it should be read for
the information of the House; which was done.
Messrs. TYLER and PAYNE, members of the
committee, made a few remarks in explanation,
when—
The SPEAKER announced that the morning'
hour had expired.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved to suspend the
rules for one hour, for the purpose of receiving such
reports of the standing committees as would not
give rise to debate.
Mr. VANCE reminded the House that this was
private bill day.
The SPEAKER remarked that the question was
not debatable.
Tlia question was put on Mr. Dahs's motion, and
rejected. ' ' ' '
ENGRAVING MAg§.
Mr. SIMONS moved to suspend the rujes for the
purpose of proceeding with the consideration of
the resolution on the subject of engraving maps;
and the question being put, resulted in—yeas 7&,
nays 34.
No quorum voting, the question was again put
and taken bv tellers, resulting—yeas 81, nays 31.
So the rules we're suspended, ^nd the resolution
again taken up for consideration.
Mr. PAYNE said that, in the considejatioi) of
the subject, the committee had discovered nothing
which could be deemed fraudulent; but it appeared
evident that theic were abuses, arising, in tlie first
j>l,-from the fact that the con tracts had been made
without any fixed piincjjijp. It }vas tq tjiat Romf
that tlie inquiries of the committee were directed;
and it was for the purpose of applying the remedy
that the report was made. Mr. P. here referred to
several abuses which had been practised, such as
charging $228 for the paper on which a certain map
was printed, though it cost only $78; and charging
a profit of $5,074 on the execution of a single map.
Mr. COBB moved tlie previous question.
The SPEAKER put the question on the previous
question, and there was a second. The main ques-
tion was ordered to be put, the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Steenrod] was neg-
atived; and the resolution, as originally proposed,
was agreed fo,
Mr. P KING moved a i econ^ideration of the
vote by which the Hcms'e yesterday passed a bill for
the relief of Daniel Peari.'-
Some discussion ensued, in which Mr. DELLET,
Mr. J. THOMPSON, Mr. VANCE, Mr. SAM-
PLE, Mr. HARDIN, Mr. P. KING, and Mr.
GIDD1NGS took part. The vote on the motion to
reconsider was then taken by tellers, (Messrs. Grik-
nell and Atkinson,) and resulted thus: 60 in thfe
affirmative, and 42 in the negative—no quorum
voting.
TJie SPEAKER s&id there was evidently &
