April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Brodhead.
H. of Reps.
3. The duties proposed do not sufficieHtly protect
t|ic great staple products of the State I have the
honor in part to represent.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Brink-
erhoff] in his advocacy of this bill yesterday, sub-
mitted a compaiative statement of the duties levied
by the act of 1842 upon the luxuries and necessa-
ries of life, with a view of showing that the neces-
saries paid a higher rate of duty than the luxuries.
By way of offset, I have prepared a statement show-
ing that the bill which he advocates is much more
"liable to the same objection. [Here Mr. B. read a
statement.]
Having said thus much in regard to the act of
1842, and the bill of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I will now briefly state my general views
upofl the subject of the revenue and protective
policy.
1. The revenues necessary to an economical and
efficient administration of the government, it is con-
stitutional, expedient, and just,-to provide by impost
duties upon foreign imports.
2. The constitution, by its terms, (before quoted,)
the reasons which induced the call of the con-
vention to adopt it, its cotemporaneous exposition,
and the uniform practice of the government under
it, admits of the imposition of discriminating duties.
3. In the adjustment of tariff laws, I would impose
suc.h duties upon the importation of luxuries as
would produce the most revenue, thereby casting as
much of the burden of supporting the government
upon the rich as possible.
4. The prime necessaries of life (which we do not
produce in this country, such as tea and coffee)
should be admitted free of duty. The free list in
this regard should be as large as possible.
5. Upon foreign products and manufactures,
which are rivals of, and come in competition with,
our own, I would impose such duties as would best
protect American labor and products against foreign
labor and products.
6. Upon rival products of our own, which are in-
dispensable in time of war, I would impose a duty
with a view to protection alone, without regard to
revenue.
7. No tariff law can be effective, either for the
purpose of supplying the government with revenue
or protecting American industry, with an unsound,
inflated, paper cCwrency- The history of prices,
imports, exports, and banking, in 1816, '17, '18, and
1835, '36, and '37, clearly proves this position.
Here Mr. B. went into some general reasoning
fjo susta^s these positions, and proceeded:
I come now to notice the arguments of several
gentlemen who have preceded me in this deuate.
And first, the position of the honorable gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Owen,] who opened the discus-
sion. That gentleman argued that the sufferings of
the poor in England, their low wages, and starva-
tion, &c., were produced by the protective, discrim-
inating, and prohibitory policy of her revenue laws.
Mr. B. denied the correctness of the position.
Mr. Owen explained, (Mr. B. yielding the floor
for that purpose,) that his position was not that all
the misery of the lower classes in England was
caused by her protective system. The argument
was made on the whig side that we ought to follow
this system; that we ought to imitate the prosperous
example of England: he had said, m reply to that
argument, that England was not prosperous.
Mr. Brodhead resumed: The gentleman and the
whig party are, in the main, both right and both
wrong. I admit that the people of England are not
prosperous; but what little prosperity that nation
lists, is to be attributed to her protective policy.
The sufferings of the poor of that country are caused
by the peculiar ferm of government; by the privi-
leged orders, and established church there sus-
tained; by the unequal division of-the land, the re-
stricted right of suffrage, and all the incidents of the
old feudal system. Great Britain now has a pop-
ulation of 27 millions, and a territory not much ex-
ceeding that of some of the States of this Union.
Without her protective policy and manufacturing
establishments, she could not subsist much more
than half that amount. For another reason of the
sufferings of her poor, look at her numerous army and
navy, civil list, and pampered aristocracy. Compare
her expenses with those of our government. Her
annual receipts from customs amount to about 22
millions of pounds sterling; her annual expenses
amount to ovei 45 millions of pounds sterling, or
about 200 millions of dollars. It is grinding, direct
taxation, and excises levied to sustain the privileged
orders, that bow down the people. It has been
well said, that an Englishman is taxed from his
cradle to his tomb.
Another gentleman on the other side of the House
from Indiana, [Mr. Wright,] argaed that the act i f -
1842 rested in its operations upon the labor of tl e '
country, and asked, "Can we expect England will
take our commodities, if we do not take hers?" Sup-
pose we do agree to take her manufactures, &e.
Suppose we close our custom houses, and admit her
goods free of duty: will she do the same thing? Will
she admit our breadstuff's free of duty to pay for them?
Not at all. Who is to begin this system of free
trade? England talks about it, and employs her
ablest men to write in favor of ij; but her preaching
and practice differ very much. She acts upon the
principle the man did who wrote to Sir Robert Peel
that he was in favor of free trade; but, says he, "let
herring alone." He wanted the duty taken off of
everything else except the article which he had to
sell. She reduces the duty to a nominal amount
upon artick s which her citizens can produce cheaper
than any other nation, and holds out the fact to in-
duce others to adopt a system of free trade. In
1842, the British Parliament went through the sol-
emn farce of reducing the duty on coal to 24 cents
per ton, when they knew that their citizens could
bring the article into her ports for two dollars a toil
less than any other nation, and thus exclude compe-
tition. A duty of twenty-four dollars per ton would
afford no greater protection than twenty-four cents.
But, says the honorable gentleman, [Mr.WRietiT,]
"Upon coal, too much duty has been collected."
"The people of the West will not stand this tax on
iron. My constituents pay three hundred thousand
dollars a year to Pennsylvania for iron, and she does
not take a barrel of our flour." What has Pennsyl-
vauia done, that she should thus be taunted by gen-
tlemen from the West' I know her citizens have
unjustly been called "dough faces," because of their
modesty; but has she done nothing for the great
West, and this great Union? What would the
great West or the eastern States be, without her
coal and iron—her thirteen hundred miles of rail-
road and canals, which have cost her citizens up-
wards of fifty-seven millions of dollars, and bur-
dened them with a debt of forty millions? What
would the flour of the West be worth at Pittsburg,
without her main line of canal? The gentleman be-
hind me [Mr. Hardin] says, not three dollars per
barrel. The gentleman says we do not take a bar-
rel of his flour. Well, sir, where does it go, if we
do not take it? To supply the manufacturing dis-
tricts of the eastern States. I received this morning
a Harrisburg newspaper, containing the amount of
western produce cleared at the collector's office this
spring at Pittsburg, during only one month, (from
the 14th of March to the 13th of April, inclusive;)
by which it appears that there were shipped 22,995
barrels of flour, and 7,146,619 pounds of bacon. '
The gentleman says the present duty is too high on
coal and iron. It is true, it is much higher than
under the compromise act; but who is injured
by it' 1 am prepared to show that the price
of coal and iron is now less than it was
before the passage of the act of 1842, which in-
creased the duty from $1 26 to $1 75 per ton on
coal, and on iron in about the same proportion. I
have a table before me, showing the great increase of
the anthracite coal trade in Pennsylvania, from 1820
(when it began in a portion of the district which I
have the honor to represent) to the present time. In
1820, 365 tons were shipped from the Lehigh re-
gion, and in 1843, 267,826 tons. In 1843, the whole
amount of anthracite coal shipped from the mines in
Pennsylvania amounted to 1,259,932 tons. Now,
sir, here are the prices Eft which it sold before and
after the passage of the act of 1842, in the principal
markets:
Year. PlnlaHelphia. New Yoik Boston.
1841 p 50 $7 50 jj,7 00
1842 5 00 G 12.; c 25
1843 4 25 4 50 6 00
1844 4 00 4 25 5 75
The same thing may be said in regard to iron and
other products of domestic manufacture. I have a
table before me showing the prices of iron from
1794 to the present time, by which it appears that
Pennsylvania iron was never as cheap as it is now.
These statements show that, in regard to any pro-
duction of industry, when the supply of the raw
material is ample, the ingenuity, industry, and en-
terprise of our people, will, by the effects of domes-
tic competition, bring down the price to the con-
sumer to the lowest psint at which human labor
can effect the object without loss; and that very
shortly after the dread of foreign interference is taken
away. The iron men of this country have always
had to contend with a heavy, and sometimes ruinous
competition, caused by the large amount of the poor
English article brought into our markets. So, too,
with our mechanics. Our people engaged in the
coal trade cannot compete with the English and
Welch coal, if the duty is reduced nearly one-half,
as is proposed by the present bill; and will be obliged
to resign our markets to foreigners; and then the
price will to go up to eight or ten dollars per ton
again. Almost every country in Europe produces
coal, and nearly all export large quantities. France
has 26 distinct coal basins. From the Welch ports
are annually shipped 2,000,000 of tons. In 1842,
common coal was shigped at Swansea for $1 32;
and the best coal for steam purposes at §2 16.
In 1841, the exports of British coal amounted
to near 2,000,000 of tons. In 1842, the average
price of large round coal was, at the shipping
ports of England, seven shillings—that is, $1 68,
and of small coal 84 cents. The coal-mines
throughout Europe are much nearer the seaboard
than ours, and labor and capital much cheaper. Our
coal costs from three to four dollars per ton to put it
aboard of vessels in our ports; and therefore we can-
not compete with foreigners without protection.
Protection, as I have shown, benefits not only the
producer, but the consumer. It is so, too, with most
of the articles manufactured by our mechanics. I
do not asseit, as a general proposition, that high du-
ties make low prices; but such has been the practi-
cal effect, in most instances, where we have the raw
material in large quantities, as the facts show. The
prices of cotton goods and nails are a striking in-
stance. They are now selling for less than the du-
ty. Upon this point our southern friends seem to
substitute faith for experience", and theory for fact.
They forget the effect of domestic competition.
But the tariff of 1842 is denounced by some gen-
tlemen from the South as an oppressive, monopoli-
zing measure, and calculated to benefit the North at
the expense of the South. They point to the great
increase of wealth and prosperity in the North, when
compared with that of the South, and attribute it to
the unequal operation of the tariff laws. I attribute
it to another cause—to free labor, and its advantages.
Our farmers cultivate their own farms, and work
themselves; and they are honored for so doing. In
making this assertion, I do not wish to be under-
stood as finding fault with, or desiring to interfere
with, the domestic institutions of the South. I stand
by the Union as it was formed by our fathers, and
would be the last to violate any one of the compro-
mises of the constitution. 1 know of but one thing
111 which any one portion of this country has en-
joyed a monopoly; and that is, of its offices and
posts of honor and profit. If the laws of this gov-
ernment have been injurious to the people of the
South, it is their own fault, because their citizens
have held the offices. The presidential chair has
been occupied 54 years by ten Presidents. The
South has supplied them for 42, and the North 12
years and 1 month. No man from the North ever
held over one term; and no southern man for less
than two, except the present incumbent; (and,he «
a fortunate man—perhaps he may hold it two )
The South has furnished Secretaries of State for 34
years; the North 18 years; and so I might go
through all the other principal officers of the govern-
ment—the judges of the Supreme Court, the foreign
ministers, &e.—and show the same disproportion.
For the last 34 years the chair of this House has not
been occupied by a man north of Mason and
Dixon's line; but notwithstanding all this, the peo-
ple of the North never complain. They are not sec-
tional in their feelings. They are Americans.
The two whig gentlemen from Maryland who
spoke the other day, [Messrs. WETHEREnand Ken-
nedy,] claimed great ciedit for the 27th Congress
for having passed the act of 1842. The one [Mr.
Wethehed] affirmed that it had caused prosperity,
and restored to the country a sound currency, and
regulated exchanges. Now, if that is true, where is
the necessity, and what becomes of the argument in
favor of a "great regulator"—a national bank—such
as Mr. Clay advocated during the same 27th Con-
gress as necessary to accomplish those objccts. The
honorable gentleman and his party ought frankly lo
acknowledge that the democrats are right 111 op-
posingthe establishment of such an institution. Bui
it is not material to whom the praise or censure nf
passing the said act belongs: OiTe thing is certaii.
that with a House of Representatives containing .1
whig majority of 40, the bill would have been 1(K
