394
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
rum present, and he called upon gentlemen to vote
on either one side or the other.
The vote was again taken, and resulted thus: 66
in the affirmative, and 51 in the negative.
Sp the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. COBB then made some observations on the
principle involved.
The question being upon the passaget>f the bill,
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and being taken, resulted thus—yeas
61, nays 71.
So the bill was rejected..
Mr. HALE moved a suspension of the rule to
enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the committee on engraving be au-
thorized and required to report to this House the
names of the persons concerned in the frauds which
which were indicated as existing in relation to the
matter of engraving.
The motion did not prevail.
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rules to
mable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House any ap-
plication to him by the late charter government of
the State of Rhode Island, for the exercise of his
authority, in execution of the guaranty stipulated by
the 4th section of the 4th article of the constitution
of the United States; the measures authorized by
him in consequence of such application, with copies
of all orders and instructions to any officer of the
army, any orders from the War Department, and
reportsjjy such officers to the said department, and
all-other correspondence of the government of the
United States relating to the subject.
Mr. BURKE observed that the select committee
on the Rhode Island memorial had directed the
chairman of that committee to report a resolution,
calling for the same information.
On a motion for a suspcnson of the rules, the
yeas and nays were ordeied, and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas TO, nays 62, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barrin^er, Hrod-
head, Ivlilton Brown, William J Brown, Jeremiah Brown,
Campbell, (Jury, Carroll, I 'atlm, Causin, C.lineh, Clingcnnn,
Collamer, Cranston, Daniel, Xtichard D. Davis, Decern,
Dellet, Diekcy, Dillingham, Dimlap, lush, French, Gni-
dings, (rrinjiell, Hardin, Harper, Holmes, Iloge, Washing-
ton Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. lngersoll, Joseph
R Ingersoll, Irvin, Jcnks, P. B. Johnson, John P. Ken-
nedy, Daniel IVKing, L\on, Maclay, McDowell, Mcllvame,
Kdward 1 Morris, Owen, Patterson, Klishti 11. Potter, Km-
Cry 1). Potter, Pratt, Jlamsey, KoIlV, Rockwell, Rogers,
Sample, Seiner, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stone, Tilden, Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Vmt'jn. "VVentwortli,
Whealon.1 While, Wilhanis, and Wipthrop—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, Bidlaek,
James Black, Jacob Brinlierholt', Burke, "Burt, Caldwell,
Keuben Chapman,' Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Coles,
Cnllom, Dana, John W. Davis, Dawson, Drom^oole, Bun-
can, Fickiin, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Hays, Herrick, Hop-
kins, llquston, thjbard, Hubbpll, Hungerford, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew jQhnsqn, Preston King, Kirkpat-
rick, Labranobc, Lucas, l.umpkin, McOausltn, McClplland,
Mc< omiell, McKa;, JosfpH Morris, I'imty, Ratbbnn, Daviji
S. Reid, RV'dinif, Ritter, Ttobirtson, Russell, St John, Maun-
ders, Simons, Slulell, John T. Smith, Robert Smith, Steen-
roi, Stetson, Stiles, Sykes,' Taylor, Thompson, and Tib-
batts~-6~
The House tlign proceeded to the consideration of
private bills; and the following, alter being ordered
tQ bp engrossed, were rend the third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief'of Isaac Fcsscndcn,
A hill for the relief of Gervin Foote.
A bill for the relief of Alborne Allen.
A bill supplemental to an art approved June 28,
183H, for the relief of Jehu llolhnsworth.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bonnel.
A bill for the relief of Frederick Hopkins.
A bill for the relief of John Farnham.
A bill for the relief of Arthur R. Frogge.
A bill for the relief of Levi Colmus.
A bill for the benefit of Joseph Watson.
A bill for'the relief of Simeon Caswell.
A bill for the relief of Isaac Justice.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Ramsey.
An act to authorize the entry of certain laiads oc-
cupied by branch pilots of the port of New Orban .
others in the S.ate of Loui !
AMfov the Mbef'Qf Wfpiavfi H. Hoag 'and
itliers. ■ "
.. A bill for the relief of Daniel Grant, Sarah Grant,
Israel P. Stone, and Emily Pmkham, owners of
the fishing schooner James and Henry, of Cape
Porpoise, Maine, was not disposed of when
--The House adjourned. •
rpie following petitions, presented to-day, werfc
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of J. H. Johnson,
S. D. Crandall and 49 others, citizens of Whiteside
county, in the State of Illinois, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Peoria, in Peoria county,
via Mount Hawley, Wyoming, Toulon, the seat of
justice of Stark county, Wethersfleld, Gennessoe,
Sharon, and Crandall's Ferry, to Albany or Fulton
city, in Whiteside county, in said State of Illinois:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. PETTIT:' The remonstrance of Wm.
Howe and 100 others, citizens of Fountain county,
Indiana, against the annexation of Texas to this
Union: referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. Also, the petition of S. E. Miller and 19
others, asking a grant ef the unsold lands in the Vin-
cennes district, to said State, for the extension of the
Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio river: referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals. Also, the
petition of H. Greenwood and 75 others," citizens of
Fountain county, Indiana. Also, the petition of E.
M. McDonald and 15 others, of Warren county,
Indiana. Also, the petition of W. M. Harris and
13 others, of said county and State. Also, the peti-
tion of J. L. Johnson and 23 others, of the same
county and State. Also, the petition of S. A. Par-
ker and 24 others, of the said county and State. Also,
the petition of Nicholas Sheffer and 20 others, of
the same county and State. Also, the petition of
William R. Boyer, and 15 others, of the same coun-
ty and State;—all praying a grant of the unsold lands
in the Vincennes, Shawneetown, and Palestine dis-
tricts, to the States of Indiana and Illinois, for the
improvement of the Wabash river: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. JAMESON: The petition of James W.
Grcar and 80 others, praying that a mail route may
be established on the State road from Lexingion, by
Warrensburg, to Clinton, Missouri: referred to the
Committee on the Post Offices and Post Roads.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The remonstrance of Herbert
Williams and 79 other citizens of Indiana, against
the annexation of Texas to this Union, under any
circumstances whatever.
By E. .T. MORRIS: Memorial of the board of
trade of Philadelphia, asking Congress to make an
appropriation for the repair of the piers for the pro-
tection of shipping at Port Penn, in the river Dela-
ware; which are in a dilapidated condition, and in-
adequate for the protection of the great number
of ships that resort to them for shelter.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 18, 1844.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from a num-
ber of inhabitants of Philadelphia, praying that an
appropriation may bp made for the repair and re-
eonstruptiop of the pjere at Port Penn, in the river
Delaware; which was referred to the Committee oi}
Cqirjmprcp.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial from John
Carter, ofGeorgetown, in the District of Columbia,
praying Congress to pass a law granting him per-
mission to introduce into the District of Columbia
a negro man. referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict ot'Columbia.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, leave was grant-
ed to withdraw from (he files the petition arid docu-
ments of David Myerlc.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from Mar-
quis Fulton Johnson, of Louisiana, praying the pass-
age of a law to permit him to enter a tract of land
under pre-emption right: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WHITE presented a memorial from sundry
inhabitants of Indiana, on the subject of making a
grant of land to that State for the. extension of the
Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio ii\er: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented a solution ot the
legislature of Pemrylvani.,, mai.-ucting'ihs senators
ar.d requesting ti" representatives from (list State
tq'vqtc'i'QKtiig bill, n.osv before the House of Repre-
sentatives, orsomp similar bill, to amend and revive
the act granting half-pay and pensions to widows of
oifjcers and soldier? of the revolution; which were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a memorial from
Benjamin Etting and a number of other citizens of
Pennsylvania, representing that the tariff of 1842
had already produced extraordinary results u revi-
ving the business, ant} givLig employment to the
labor and industry of the country; and praying Con-
gress to abstain from any legislation upon the sub-
ject, until at least its results showed that legislation
was proper: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ATHERTON presented a petition from Bela
Young, praying for an increase of pension: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from two
hundred citizens of Lawrence county, Indiana,
praying Congress to make a grant of land to that
State to extend the Wabash and Erie Canal to
Evansville, on the Ohio river: referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition from
Catherine S. Raguet, widow of Condy Raguet, ask-
ing compensation for diplomatic services rendered
by her husband as consul and charge of the United
States at the court of Brazil: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Also, presented a petition from Edward Lynch
and a number of citizens of Pennsylvania, similar to
several already presented, asking Congress to per-
mit «he present tariff to exist until it was ascertained
by facts that some change in it was necessary: re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented amemorial from
Nancy Parker, of New London, Connecticut, (the
daughter and only surviving child of Captain Timo*
thy Parker, who resided at Norwich, Connecticut,)
asking Congress to make her some remuneration for
the revolutionary services of her father in the navy
of the United States: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. H- also presented a memorial from Mary
Williams, of East Hartford, Connecticut, praying
Congress to pass a law carrying into effect a law
passed at the last session, granting to her a pension
for the services of her husband, which law the de-
partment refused to execute, beeause he was a de-
serter. Mr. H. remarked Jhat Congress was aware,
before the law was passed, that he had deserted be-
fore the expiration of his service: referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, the Committee on
Claims was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Adam D. Stewart, for thj
imbursement of a sum of money paid by him, for
the recovery of certain public funds which' were
stolen while under his charge.'
On motion of' Mr. WHITE, the Committee of
Indian Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration  f the resolution of the legislature of Ohio,
on the subject of making provision for the benefit of
the present, occupants of the lands formerly cwne^
by the Wyandot Indians in that Stat?, on the ground
that the subject ofthe petition was a matter properly
in the discie'tiot} e.f the executive for adjustment!
On motion o;' Mr. WHITE, the Committee on
Indian Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of a number of citizens pf
North Carolina, praying that the board of ca^nnji^-.
sioners, appointed under the Cherokee treaty of
1835, and 1836, may be requived to decide upon
the claims to reservations under the treaty of 1817
and 1819, on the ground that the subject was not
one for legislative action, it being one to be adjusted
in the discretion ofthe executive,
Mr. KING expressed the opinion that the com-
mittee should present written reports on all petitions,
the prayers of which could not be granted, adverse
to the prayer, for the action of the Senate; if not,
they would, year after year, have to make investi- (
gations of the same matters.
Mr. WJIITE accorded in his opinion; but re-
marked that the reason why reports were not made
in these cases, was because the committee did not
believe they had the right to entertain the subject,
. Mr' BAYARD, from the Conrcnittee on .Nay'a.,
Anairs, to which had been referred the \esofuti6n o^
the senator fro in Illinois, [l\ii. Suses'^,]' instructing
that committee to i^quir^ into the expediency of
providing for an examination and survey of some
pomt at ov hear th? co^ftuenoe of the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi i,TY?r% wUh & view to the establishment of a
dockyard or naval depot, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration—a written report beine-""'
deemed unnecessary, as the senator from Illinois,
the mover ofthe resolution, had • presented to' the
committee an able paper upon the subject; wh;<ci h'^
(Mr. B.) had been instructed to rfvo^e *o ^ave'prinr
ea. The committee was tuGc^srgfid; and the com-'
municaUon was ordered to be printed,
Mr. B., from the same committee,. to which was
referred the bill from the House for the relief of the--
wjdows and orphans of the officers, and seamen and
