May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Dunlap.
H. of Eeps.
man gives fifty dollars a year for a particular arti-
cle of consumption, and that the impost duty on
this article is ten dollars. He must pay this fifty
dollars out of his real estate, his personal property,
or from both of them, or from the wages of his la-
bor. If he had to pay only forty dollars for this ar-
ticle of eonsumpton, and a ten dollar tax on his
property, he would pay out just as much as he did
before, and his property, or his labor, would be bur-
dened to precisely the same amount. "We come
then to the fact, that the government, after all, is to
be supported by a tax on the property or labor of
every man. This is obvious, when we consider
that every man has to pay for what he consumes
out of the resources of property or labor. A part
of the price of what he consumes is a tax for the
support of government. If the man pays the whole
price of what he consumes out of the proceeds of
nis property or labor, and a part of this price be for
the support of the government, is it not manifest
that he pays for the support of the government out
of his property or labor? If so, then 1 say the sup-
port of the government is a tax on the property or
labor of dvcry man.
It being understood that the government is sup-
ported by a tax on the property and labor of the
country, a very natural point here arises for our
consideration—the right of the people who pay this
tax to demand an economical administration of the
government.
This government is instituted and maintained for
the protection of persons and property. The gov-
ernment is the people's; it is a machine which they
own and use for the protection of themselves and
their property. For repairing and keeping this ma
chine in motion, the people pay a certain amount
annually. Now, it is a fixed law of society, that a
man may use his own property rs he chooses. He
may husband it, or he may be profuse with it, and
spend it. If this government is the people's—if it is
a machine, which they use for themselves—does it
not follow, by parity of reasoning, that they have a
aright to use it as they please? and, if so, have they
not the right to use it economically? In all other
things, and all other sources of outlay, it is found to
be a standing principle (a few exceptions to be sure)
to adhere to strict economy in matters of expense.
Are we not authorized, then, to draw the conclusion,
that it is the people's wish that (his machine of
theirs—that this government of theirs should be
worked on a plan of the strictest economy? And is it
not quite safe to infer that they would be opposed
to the raising of a tax to meet the expenses of this
government, when administered on an extravagant
scale? Now, as a tariff is a tax, and as I hold my-
fcelf strictly obedient to the people, I feel bound to
oppose the imposition of duties which die intended
to meet the expenses of this government when not
economically administered. If this government can
be administered for twenty millions of dollais a year,
I, as a representative of the people, am opposed to
an imposition of duties which would collect into our
treasury thirty or forty miilions of dollars a year.
To raise a revenue for the support of the govern-
ment economically administered, I go for a revenue
tariff, with incidental protection, bearing equally
upon all classes of our fellow-citizens; but not for a
high protective tanff, that would make the rich man
richer and the poor man poorer. Such a tariff never
fails to press unequally upon different classes, and
often throws the revenue on the labor rather than
on the wealth of the country, which is a great injus-
tice whenever it occurs.
I will pass now to the consideration of the effects
which would take place from having more money
collected by imposts, than enough to meet the'eco-
nomical expenses of this government.
It is found to be true that expenditures increase
or diminish in a prccise ratio to the plenty or the
scarceness of means. If a man suddenly comes
into possession of a fortune which he did not expect,
the immediate result is an increase of expenditures.
The same holds true when a man obtains a lucra-
tive office; and it is not unfrequently the case, that
the office seeker, when he has a good prospect of
success, spends on the strength of an anticipated sal-
ary. So true is this law to fact, that you may find
a full demonstration of it even in the humble laborer.
An unexpectedly profitable week's woik will pro-
duce expenditures that would not have been incur-
red had the week been more moderately successful.
Reverse the picture, and precisely the opposite takes
place. Here, then, is the law of plenty and scarce-
ness. And now I ask, will not the same result take
place in the government? Keep an overflowing treas-
ury, or have more money raised from imposts than
enough to meet the expenses of the government
economically administered, and expenditures would
be increased in nearly the same proportion.
In this connexion, I will advert to the policy of
raising money by a tax, to give it again to the same
people who may have paid it. A town is undoubt-
edly a miniature of a State. I will suppose the
power of taxation is in the selectmen. L.et these
selectmen commence the work of taxation. They
levy a tax on the property of the town four times in
a year. They decide on the amount to be paid, and
charge the tax payers with their labor. The assess-
ors next assess the tax on each man according to
his property; they hand their bills to the-collector,
and also charge for their services. The collector
collects these taxes, and sometimes causes proper-
ty to be sacrificed to pay them, and charging his
fees, hands over the money to the treasurer. The
treasurer's bill must also be paid, and the money
must then be distributed with charges of extra bills.
Atthe conclusion of all this, A, perhaps, who paid
twenty dollars, receives ten dollars; and B, who
paid ten dollars, receives five dollars, and so on, in
this proportion. If towns had the power to do this,
and should they actually do it, what would you
think of such towns?
Now I ask, has not this government once acted
over this very scene? and should high duties be im-
posed, it must act it over again, or increase its ex-
penditures. Should the expenditures be increased
to rid the treasury of the money, the transaction
would be the same for the government, as it would
for the fathers of the town to impose these taxes,
and then spend the money in visionary schemes,
which would do no one any good. Here then are
the two horns of the dilemma, in ease high duties
should be levied. The one is to raise money by a
tax for the sake of giving it away (after deducting
pay for the operation) to the persons who paid it;
the other, to raise the same by a tax for extravagant
expenditures. Should this money be distributed to
the several States, and be retained and expended
by the State government, the same results would
follow. The State must then be consideied as one
man, and subject to the laws of mankind. This
being admitted, the State expenditures would be in-
creased in proportion to the amount of revenue
received.
You will perceive that 1 have been speaking of
sums of money being received by the several States
from the general government, and expended by the
States, or distributed among the people. Now, since
the money forms the currency of the country, I
will consider the effect which the distribution of these
sums of money would have on that currency. If the
effect would be good, it should be an argument in
their favor; if bad, then a reason why they should be
rejected.
It is the law of money to ebb and to flow. It
rises and it falls like the waters of the ocean: and water
is no more prone to seek a common level than is
money itself. Do we not find, if money is scarce
at one place, and plenty at another, that the tenden-
cy is for it to How towards the place where it is
scarce, until the equilibrium is restored? I will now
inquire what would be the phenomena of water
upon receiving large contributions on a sudden.
Would there not be a breaking up of the elements m
those places where the contributions were received?
and would not the consequence be, an immediate
rush from the higher to the lower points, not in
order, but in maddening fury' Should these contri-
butions be received at different intervals, there would
be nothing but confusion. The instalments of reve-
nue which would be received by the several States
from the General Government would be at intervals,
and similar to this would be the breaking up of the
currency. Imagine a boat on the surface of the
water under the circumstances I have supposed, and
we can at once perceive the anxiety of the boatman.
Though now in a calm, the next sudden rush of
water might upturn his boat and swallow him in
the vortex. So in the other case, the rich man to-
day might be in the house of poverty to-morrow;
and fortunes would rise and fall as suddenly as the
tides of the ocean-.
While portraying these disasters, I consider it a
proper place to examine the point if Congress has
the power to impose taxes for purposes like these.
I admit that the Constitution empowers Congress to
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises.
In the same article, Congress is empowered to pay
the debts, and provide for the common defence and
general welfare of the United States: hence it is
contended, that the whole subject is left discretion-
ary with Congress, and that there is no other rule
by which Congress is to be guided, but its own dej.
cision. That this is not the true interpretation, can,
I think, be easily proved. No man will deny'bqt
the constitution was designed to be the touchstone
by which the acts of Congress are to be tried. It is
a supreme power to which all other powers, so far
as law-making is concerned, must bow in submis-
sion. If the intent of the constitution on this point
can be ascertained, the whole question is settled: and
to go beyond it, is as much a violation of the consti-
tution, as it would be to disregard even the plainest
letter in it.
In interpreting legal or written instruments, we
must take into consideration the circumstances
under which they were made. If a law is made to
meet the emergency of an insurrection, in construing
that law the circumstanee of the insurrection wiu
always have its weight. The circumstances under
which the constitution was formed are fully, known.
The occasion of the meeting of the framers of that
instrument was to organize a government and to
provide means by which that government, when or-
ganized, could be maintained. The clause in the
constitution, authorizing Congress to impose duties
on imports, was a provision for the support of this
government when organized. It must not be forgot-
ten that the makers of the Constitution were prepa-
ring at the time the various parts of the great machine
we now see in motion. The machine could not run
until provision was made to meet the expense of
running it. Are we not, therefore, authorized to
say, that in making provision to meet this expense,
the provision would have reference to the expense
to be incurred? If there were no other things to be
provided for at the time, we may fairly conclude that
the clause jn the Constitution had reference to this
provision only. If the clause-under consideration
had reference only to the provision of means to keep
the machine of government in motion, then it is
manifest that it had not reference to the raising of
Revenue to distribute among the States; and to do
this, is at war with the intention of the framers of
the constitution, and with the constitution itself.
If the constitution declared that no revenue should
be raised to meet the extravagant expenses of gov-
ernment, then, whenever the expenses should plainly
appear to be extravagant, the question would be set-
tled. If it can be made to appear that it was the intent
of the framers of the Constitution to raise only enough
revenue to meet the expenses of the government
economically administered, we are authorized to as-
sume that this is its true interpretation. That such
was the intent, may be satisfactorily made out by
referring to the practice of the framers of that instru-
ment. It was their practice to incur no more
expense in accomplishing any one thing than
was absolutely required; and this was the prac
tiee of the times. They met to establish a dem-
ocratic form of government, and to make it as per-
fect as possible. But it is the genius of a democ-
racy, in contradistinction to a monarchy, to have
low expenses. It was, therefore, a prime object of
theirs to have low expenditures. If this was their
object, then, in forming that clause in the constitu-
tion to raise a revenue by duties, was it not mani-
festly their intention to raise a revenue to meet
these low expenses5 Such being the case, to raise
a revenue to meet extravagant expenses is directly
at war with their intentions, and is, in my opinion,
a violation of the true spirit of that sacred instru-
ment.
As the revenue arising from the public lands must
have been in the contemplation of the framers of the
constitution, 1 will now examine the Constitutionality
of the distribution of this revenue among the sev-
eral States. _ .
I lay it down as a principle, which no one, I think,
will attempt to controvert, that it is perfectly consti-
tutional for Congress to refuse to distribute the pro-
ceeds of these lands among the several States; that
is, the several States do not, constitutionally, own
those lands, or their proceeds, previous to a grant of
them by Congress. If the General Government can
grant them to the several States, it necessarily fol-
lows that the General Government owns them; for
she cannot grant what she does not possess, unless
she is an authorized agent. But she is not such an
agent; because she or the States must own them,
and if she were the agent of the States, they would
not stand in need of her grant. Does it not, then,
follow that these lands are, to all intents and pur-
poses, the property of the General Government? I
now ask, has Congress the power to give away th?
