CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
marines who Were lost on the schooner Grampus,
reported thfe same back without amendment, em-
bracing also the case of the schooner SeagKll. The
amendment was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a gener-
al bill, providing for certain experiments in relation
to the proper model or form of steam vessels, or
other vessels; and
A bill to consolidate and amend the acts in rela-
tion to pensions to widows and orphans of certain
naval officers; which bills were read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee ©n Pensions,
mude adverse reports in the cases of Joseph Pulci-
fer and John Keith; which were ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of the heirs at
law of Rudolph Bunner, an officer of the revolu-
tion, praying for the allowance of the half pay to
which he was entitled; and the petition of the heirs
of David Noble, an officer of the revolution, pray-
ing for seven years' half pay—this petition being
now before the House committee for investigation.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports on the petitions of the heirs of Thom-
as Nelson, an officer in the army of the revolution,
for compensation for services; ths petition of the
heirs of Richard Dallinar; and the petition of the
heirs at law of Capt. Abraham Tipton; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the -Committee on
Public Lands, to which the resolutions of the legis-
lature of Indiana, and sundry memorials, upon the
subject of the Wabash and Erie canal, had been re-
ferred, reported a bill to grant certain lands to the
^taite .of Indian, better to enable that State to ex-
tend and ,c«££p^ete fhp canal from Terre Haute to
the Ohio river; wta4) ant^ ordered to a
second reading.
" This bill was accompanied by a reporf, pfjfpfcing
the policy of the bill; of which—
Mr. WHITE moved to print one thousand cop>-
ie3 extra for distribution.
Mr- KING and Mr. McDUFFIE were opposed,
fa pj'isjtjng any quantity extra, until the report shall
have bean prjnted, .apd subjected to the inspection of
senators.
Mr. TALLMADGE ana I# WlilTE assured
the senators from Alabama [Mr. Kinjsj ajr.d South
Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] that there was npjhing;
objectionable in the report to either side of the Sen-
ate; that it merely enforced the correctness of ,the
policy which Congress had heretofore pursued, in
ijia&ng a grant to construct the canal, and showed
the propriety ol £0 tini}ing that policy, by appro-
priating certain refuse to complete the work.
Mr. HUNTINGTON also the printing
of the report.
The question was put; and it was ordered to b,e
print id.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a joint resolution respecting
receipts issued by the Treasurer of the United
- States for the payment for public lands, which was
read, and ordered to a second reading,
Mr. BAYARD, on leave, introduced a bill in-
creasing the pay of certain officers of revenue cut-
lers whilst serving in the navy of the United States;
which was read twice, and referred to tiie Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to establish a port of de-
livery at the city of Lafayette, in the State of Louis-
iana; which was read, and ordered to a second read-
On motion by Mr. SEMPLE, the petition of
praitciji flowe and Rose Howe, his wife, concern-
.r.f a hi'Ui ciaus, was ordered to be taken from the
ftles of the-Senate, referred to the Committee on
J?riv«;e sLaiw Ckunp.
On Uiatioii by Mr- TAMPAN, .iiip filiate ICOfc up
for consideration the resolution which'was present-
ed to the'Senate some'days since, calling upon ihe
Secretary of the avy to report to the Senate a copy
o^-the proceedings of the couit maitial iit the case of
Captain Alexander Slidell Mackenzie.
Mr. T. jsajd he had prepared a modification of the
Resolution, svh^'h, he believed, would not be objected
to by senator;-; .on ejiher side—those friendly to
Capt. Mackenzie or .otherwise, He proposed to
.strike .out all after the word resolve, and jnsert the
-following, viz:'
fiesalvsd, "That the Secretary of the Nayy be di-
rected to report to the Senate acopy of the proceed-
ings of the court of inquiry and court martial in the
case of Capt. Alexander Slidell Mackenzie, with co-
pies of all the correspondence, and all other docu-
ments, on the files of- that department, in connexion
with the said court of inquiry and court martial."
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that he was not present
when the resolution was before presented, and laid
on the table. He did not expect that the subject
would be again called up. Before action upon it,
he desired to have an opportunity to express his
views in relation to it. He hoped the senator from
Ohio would permit the resolution to lie over till to-
morrow.
This course was acquiesced in; and the resolution
was laid over till to-morrow.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was referred a memorial
from the corporate authorities of the city of Savan-
nah, .Georgia, praying the grant to that city of a por-
tion of the site of old Fort Wayne, reported a joint
resolution concerning the site of old Fort Wayne;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. FULTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail-route from Clarks-
ville, in Johnson county, Arkansas, by way of Jas-
per, in Newton county, to Carrolllon, in Carrol!
county; also, from Batesville, in Independence coun-
ty, to Lebanon, in   county.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Jar-
nagin on Thursday last, was taken up and agreed
to, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate the amount
of revenue received from the customs and public
lands since the 13th day of September last, up to the
first day of March instant; and also the amount of
exports and imports since the commencement of the
present fiscal year, discriminating between the im-
ports of dutiable goods.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Bagbt, for the
appointment of an additional standing committee of
five, to be called the Committee on Territories, to
take charge of territorial business, was taken up for
consideration'.
Mr. BAGBY advocated the passage of the reso-
lution to give greater facility and security in the
transaction of territorial business; and
Mr. EVANS opposed it as unnecessary, on the
grou'n4 J-hat the business of the Territories was as
well attended to pojv; as it could be if there was a
special committee; that sueti business was more ne-
glected in the House, where there was a copjypttee
of that kind, than it had ' been in the Senate; arid
that, if there was a committee appointed, still bills of
the Territories, having reference to appropriations,
and the disposition of lands, &c., would have to be
tysierjejl to the committees appropriately having
charge'of" tjiesp subjects.
' On motion by Mr.' HUNTINGTON, (the time for
taking 'up the special order having arrived,] the
resolution was laid on the table.
OREGON QUESTION".
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the third article of the convention concluded be-
tween the government of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on the
20th October, 1818, and indefinitely continued by
the convention between the same paities, signed at
London the 6th August, 1827.
Mr. ARCHER said he owed many thanks to ths
Senate for the kindness which it had extended to-
j v.ai'ft-, throughout this discussion, and the best
form in V/ii:eii he Co.'.id w^ifc fbj* 'ourtesv, was
by'toakiiig the very- b'risfeat trcspa^ upo:'. U;,
tion. 'h was-with- no' vain-affectation ct ,any dispo-
sition to condense his remarks that he made this
declaration, bp't because he felt that the view which
presented itself to his mind, on this occasion, did
not require that he should follow gentlemen who
had spoken on the' other side m their very extended
style of -observation. He did not mean to condemn
the extent to which this debate had run. He only
ijje#pf to sa^ that it was not his purpose to go into
an extended discussion himself of this great and
momentous question of our title to the Territory of
Oregon. It had been discussed with great ability
on both sides of the house. He should -assume
that all the propositions advanced were true; and
why? Because he thought the questions that now
presented themselves-were'fitter for the occasion,
and more worthy of attention. And what were
they? What was the nature of the resolution which'
the Senate was now called upon to consider? It
was a resolution advising the President of the
United States in regard to the exercise of a function
which it was not disputed belonged to the executive
of this government;—a resolution of advice coming
from whom?
This Senate, as one branch of the legislature of
the United States, had, no doubt, a right to present
its views to the executive of the government, in re-
lation to all matters of negotiation; but it must be
done by a joint resolution or bill with the other
House. It was supposed that senators had, in
their discretionary capacity, as senators, a right to
give advice to the President of the United States, in
relation to his treaty-making power; but was it pre-
tended that this right extended to them in the ca-
pacity in which they were now sitting? He did not
mean to go into the question of constitutional pow-
er in regard to this subject; because another ques-
tion presented itself, far more important. That.was,
the motives which had been declared for the passing
of, and the impeft-t of this resolution. And what
were they? What was the purpose avowed as the
reason why the resolution should.be presented to
the attention of the Senate? Every Senator ought.
to bringit home to himself; according to his recol-
lection, the declared purpose was the distrust of
the Senate and the executive. They were called upon
to usurp the exercise of a control which they had
not, in relation to the executive of the United States,
because gentlemen on the other side were disposed
to distrust another portion of the government, the
Senate. Did not gentlemen feel, as a plea for this
resolution, that they were afraid of a treaty com-
ing into the Senate? that the purpose of the
resolution was to prevent such treaty com-
ing into the Senate' It seemed to be a favorite
theme with some gentlemen on the democratic side
to vituperate the treaty of Washington, made in
August, 1S49. They said we were cheated in {hat
treaty, and therefore they were hop willing th^t'thi
executive of the country should have the exclusi^
exercise of a povver to make another such treafy.
In'a few words, that was the exact import and char-
acter of the resolution which the Senate was calle4
upon now to adopt, and to-day to decide upon. ij.
was, whether you will attempt to exert a control,
which you have po right to exert, ovpr tjie execu-
tive of the' country, for the purpose of bringing
shame upop another portipn of this government,
part of which you yourselves compose.
This was no inference drawn from' reasoning. If
was'a matter of assertion and of fact. He did ncf
more than' repeat the declarations of gentlemen or
the other side, which had been made on this Jloor.
He but echoed their own assertions. Waiving
that, what was the purpose which gentlemen had it)
view f i the passage of this resolution? It h^d bpej}
stated', over and over tigain, tliat if was to prpyent thg
goyerfiment from going lpto ihat negotiation Vhico
all had considered as pending; because it was known
that a minister had come to this country for the
purpose of carrying on the negotiation. His hon-
or 'ble friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan]—
to whose lemarks he was now coming, and whom
he should follow very closely in all his course of
observation—had said that his general object was
to preserve the Territory of Oregon, and to preserve
peace; but lie made an observation even more im-
portant than that. Now, his (Mr. A.'s) object was
also to ] ireserve the territory and peace; but what
sort of remark was that upon which the honorable
senator had premised the discussion of the other
topics? '
He [Mr."Buchanan] asserted peremptorily, be-
fore he went into this discussion, that if the
Spnatp refused to pass this resolution, it would
bring, dif-hr.i.or ;n .the . jvovsrnmeflt and tb?
country. .'H« 'would dike, the ' ger.tlfj.aa ,|o
expound this. How was it -to bringdishorn
or on the government And the country? What
was the number of years that we had sat in rela-
tion to the the treaty between Great Britain and our-
selves, and what was the position in which we stood
to-day' Did the honorable gentleman mean to say .-that
this government has stood in a position of dishonor
