31#
CONGRESSIONAL GlOlBE,
everdififie'fhe jfea'r1827? Did'he mean to'say IKa't du-
ringthe long period of the administration of General
Jacksbn, when everybody" knows lie could have got
both bodies of Congress to do almost what he
wished—when everybody knows the country was
in such a position, with .an overflowing and redun-
dant revenue, that'we were enabled to give thirty-
seven millions of revenue to the States,—during all
this time, when we had every facility for making a
treaty, did any dishonor attach itself to the govern-
ment for letting this question rest' He (Mr. A.)
wanted to know how any dishonor, attached itself,
if we were willing to continue the same state of
things now? Did the honorable . gentleman
mean to stigmatize, for more than twenty years
past, all executive authority? Did he mean
to say that the government, during all this time,
had passed through the same course of unquestion-
able dishonor? And what was the ground ufion
which the honorable senator made his allegation
now? We did not have this treaty introduced in
that of August, 1842. When we made the treaty
then, in relation to the northeastern boundary, we
had no treaty in relation to this territory. Great
Britain had not done us any sort of wrong on the
subject of negotiation; yet what was the assump-
tion of the senator from Pennsylvania' Because
he chose to suppose, with no evidence whatever, that
Great Britain had detained what we presumed was
our right, this country ought to violate the pro-
priety of nations; that wrong has been done; and
that, if the course which he indicated were not pur-
sued, the country would be led to impoverishment
and war.
The honorable gentleman smiles. If his (Mr.
A.'s) strength sustained him, he should make that
proposition good, or he should never make another
on this floor while he lived. The whole ground
upon which dishonor attached itself was assumed,
and not susceptible of proof. No wrong had been
done by Great Britain to the United States; and it
seemed to him very questionable evidence of wrong
that if the Senate refused now to pass this resolu-
tion, no negotiation ' would be made at all. He
would tell the honorable senator hnw dishonor
might be brought upon this government, and would
be brought upon it if the advice which he [Mr.
Buchanan] gave to the Senate should be adopted;
or the advice given by some of the gentleman's own
party, which was, that we should obstruct negotia-
tion by the passage of the resolution.
[Mr Buchanan, from his seat, said: On the con-
trary, that we should facilitate negotiation. Nor did
j say that dishonor would be brought upon the gov-
ernment. I iriade uae of the word "discredit."]
1 Well, discredit, then. He would make an appeal
to the honorable senator ftairi Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Buchanan.] He [Mr. B.] had stood with distinc-
tion to himself as a diplomatic character, at a very
high court, on the part of the government. He had
filled, and filled a long time with distinguished abili-
ty, the chair of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, which was the official organ of the Senate,
{ie (Mr- A ) appealed to lnm for the truth of the
ground that iie assumed, ihat t^ll nations, according
to the laws established between government:*, were
bound tociitoitain negotiation before they proceed-
ed to the extremity of v.'nr, in relation to ilisputed
claims, however incontestable thp titles were on
either Ride. What were the circumstances here1
We had had a negotiation pending ever since the
year 1818. That negotiation could not be expected
to refer to questions of very complicated inquiry.
How was it to be made good' He put it to honora-
ble gentlemen on the other side of the house to say,
was not the present negotiation not only resumed,
but invited? It was not the British government, but
the government of the United Stales, that iiiMted
this negotiation. What was the advice of the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania, and those with
whom ho acted here? It was, that after having in-
vited, we should repel that negotiation. He could
tell his honorable friend thai it seemed to him to be
stU'thing but consistent ith ;,cnoi m a (.iviii^ed
government, in a cass of contested claims and titles,
to-'say,'aftsr having entered into a negotiation, and
invited a renewal of it, we repel it, and hold the de-
cision of this controversy m our own hands.
Mr. BUCHANAN". Would his friend from Vir-
ginia permit him to say that, so far from repelling
negotiation, the tendency of his whole argument
was to give notice, by the passage of this resolution,
which would expedite the negotiation, and render it
successful?
Mr- ARCHER. _ The remarks <?f the Knatoj-
from Ohio [Mr. Allen] were to that effect'. He
(Mr. Archer) remembered that he had commended
him for his candor. The senator had declared that
Ms purpose was to obstruct negotiation by the pas-
sage of the resolution before Mr. Packenham should
have arrived. That was his purpose; and, with his
views, it was right enough. He (Mr. A.) had, in
his official capacity, acquainted the Senate that a ne-
gotiation was coming on. He could not but take
occasion here to express his surprise and regret that
the honorable gentlemen on the other side of the
House should be led to speak of the treaty of Wash-
ington, of 1842, on all occasions, in the language of
vituperation. What was this treaty of 1842? It
was a treaty supported in this body by a vote of 39
against 9. It was a treaty, so far as he was person-
ally advised, which had received a very large por-
tion of public approbation throughout the country.
This was the treaty, so passed by a majority, not
of two-thirds, but of three-fourths of the Senate,
and sustained by the undisputed approbation of the
country, which has been covered with reproach to
such a degree as to engender the suspicion that we
dare not go into the negotiation of another treaty,
for fear we should get cheated.
' He was grieved to witness the temper in which
honorable gentlemen seemed disposed and authoriz-
ed here to speak of England. He was not here,
himself, to vindicate England—not its eulogist; but
still less did he feel himself, as a senator of the Uni-.
ted States, authorized to arraign her with every
epithet of vituperation that man could apply to the
worst and vilest government in the world. The
maxim which had been recognised by our people,
as belonging to all civilized governments, should be
applied to that of England, as well as others—"Ene-
mies in war; friends in peace." He put it to the
honorable senator from Pennsylvania, and gentle-
men on the other side, whether they were not de-
viating palpably from the maxim in bestowingupon
England the vilest epithets of obloquy and reproach.
She was never brought up, but she was spoken of
in these terms. The government of England was
now at peace with us; and that consideration should
secure her from vituperation. It would secure her,
at any rate from him, the language of respect.
So long as we maintained these amicable relations
with England, we were no more entitled to bestow
upon her this form of reproach, than we were to in-
vade her territory, or capture her vessels. With
regard to the language of the senator from Pennsyl-
vania towards England' on a former occasion, he
would read a single sentence from that gentleman's
remarks. It would be recollected by the Senate,
that in the year the subject of negotiation in
relation to the Northeastern frontier was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, of
which his honorable friend from Pennsylvania was
chairman. He [Mr. Buchanan] made a report
from that committee, the character of which very
justly entitled him to commendation. One sentence
was enough: "On the whole, the committee do not
entertain a doi^bt of the title of the United States to
the whole of the disputed territory. They place full
reliance in the sense of justice of the British gov-
ernment, is coor, as that government becomes con-
vinced that thf. territory belongs to the United
States; and that it will be desirous of preserving
inviolate the faith of treaties, by relinquishing its
pretensions. The committee entertain not a doubt
that this question will be settled with satisfaction to
both Governments."
Mr. BUCHANAN. I confers I was mistaken.
Mr. ARCHER said he was sorry his friend from
Pennsylvania had discovered that he was mistaken.
He (Mr. A.) declared he had read the passage for
the purpose of doing him honor—read it as an evi-
dence that a diplomatist of no ordmiry standing in
this country entertained—what' The very senti-
ments that he (Mr. A.) were maintaining here to-
day. And what were those sentim"rtV (n She lan-
guage of the senate hin'eli'an itie occasion quoted—
that wf twu JneiMly relations with the British gov-
ernment; that notwithstanding there had, he be-
lieved, as much as sixty years elapsed witliout the
government of England having rendered us justice,
m relation to that question of the northeastern boun-
dary, We were still to rely upon the justice of that
government. He thought the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania would have some diffioulty in
proving the injustice of his language upon this oc-
casion; and he should think it would do him honor
to let it remain as it was. However, he did not
presume to know.
< Be s&w that h« was destined te hear these eternal
tirades against the government of England. He
was not the defender of England; but he could nev-
er cease to hold in his recollection that he, in com-
mon with, those he addressed, was descended from
that same England which it seemed now to be the
province of (patriotism to revile. He was going to
say that, for one, he was proud that English blood
ran in his veins; but his was not English, it was
Welsh blood. They were descendants of English-
men; from England the germs of the free institu-
tions of this country had been derived—institutions
not enjoyed by any other race of people in the
world but the descendants of that Anglo-Saxon
stock—institutions destined to make the American
name have the most distinguished place on the page
of human history. He should not have had this
eulogium on England extracted from him in any de-
bate, had he not felt constrained to oppose it to the
vituperation which that government had to encoun-
ter whenever it was mentioned.
This resolution had been urged as though it in-
volved a vital point of honor. Where was the point
ofhonor during the twenty years the existing con-
vention had continued? Where, during the adminis-
tration of General Jackson, and the preceding and
succeeding administrations? If there was dishonor
in continuing the convention, were not the adminis-
trations dishonored in not having settled the question
long since? If there was not, he supposed the dis-
honor was assumed now to be because a favorable
occasion was presented of settling it by a violent ad-
justment, were not that opportunity selected for
doing it. Were gentlemen going to stride over all
t .e considerations of national comity? This govern-
ment having invited negotiation, were gentlemen go-
ing to reach their object by a repudiation of all ne-
gotiation?
The honorable senator from Pennsylvania said his
object was to preserve peace and to facilitate the
treaty; and then he went on to give his views on the
subject. Now, he (Mr. A.) proposed to follow the
senator so far as two of his main topics went. One
of these was that the passage of this resolution
would preserve the territory. How could it be ne-
cessary for that, when the gentlemen have so strong-
ly insisted that, no matter what was done by Con-
gress, Oregon was certain to be secured and preserv-
ed by emigration? Did not gentlemen on every side
adm^t that this could not be prevented by Great
Britain? It w£\s admitted that England did not add
one nian a year to her population in that territory,
while the United States furnished 1,500 annually by
emigration. How then could there be any danger
of losing the territory, as the senator assumed, by
this state of status in quo, operating altogether in fa-
vor of the United States?
If the disproportionate rate of occupation was
suffered by the status in quo, England sending but
one man a year in addition, and this country fifteen
hundred, was it not manifest that, in the long run,
all the advantage must enure to the United States?
The senator from Massachusetts had given sufficient
reasons to show that ultimately this status in quo
must result m the territory becoming ours. • He
showed that every man who went there from the
United States, went for the purpose of becoming an
agriculturist; and, so far as could be ascertained,
there was good evidence that British subjects did
not go there for that purpose at all. For he (Mr.
A.) was ready to maintain that there was no agri-
cultural population on the part of Great Britain in
the territory. There was no land cultivated except
in patches around the forts they occupied, and that
only barely sufficient for the sustenance of the oc-
cupants. The senator from Massachusetts spoke
truly when he said that an agricultural ponuL.icj,,
placed in juxtaposition with a hunting population,
must inevitably supply, the tatter. This was not
an accidental result: it was a certain result, in con-
formity wish natural laws and all experience. If
our citizens go to Oregon to settle down as planters
and agriculturists, they must supplant the English
population, which is there only for hunting and
kindred pursuits; just on the same principle that we
have supplanted the Indian population in the territo-
ries of the United States. Another reason had bier,
adverted to somewhat joeosely, though he meant
to use it ap a serious argument. I,t was, that most
of the emigrants to Oregon- from the United States'
were democrats. Now, he' held that no sort of
inoculation which could go there would prove more
likely to drive out the English than a democratic
population. The English could not endure the vi-
cinity of democrats. It was inimical to the monar-
chical institutions of their government, Hq
