April, 1§44.
APPENDIX 3TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
now under consideration, let it relate back to the
author of the system.
He differed with the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Holmes,] in his opinion in regard to
[ power of this government to make appropriations
i. for the improvement of the Ohio and Mississippi
I rivers, exclusive of other western waters, based on
the ordinance of 1787; and if this bill passed, it
would be on the foundation furnished by that gen-
tleman. He noticed the dexterity with which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] laid hold
of the speech of the gentleman from South Car-
olina. He turned to it with an apparent determi-
nation not to let that concession from the South get
cold without his endorsement.
Mr. Holmes asked the gentleman [Mr. Belser]
to yield the floor for an explanation, which was
done. Mr. H. then defied the gentleman [Mr. B.]
to meet his argument directly. For this purpose,
Mr. H. related his argument thus: "The United
States have no right to improve a river which is con-
lined in a State, because the proprietary right
."^d jurisdiction are in the State, and not in
th) United States; that the United States
iiad a right of way, a usufruct, in the Illinois
river; but had no right of soil, or pioprietary right,
and therefore could not make improvement; but that
the proprietary right and the usufruct of the United
States were complete over the Mississippi; and there-
fore, if the United States could not improve that
river, it could not be improved at all; and a great
highway might be stopped by an accumulation of
sand or snags, and the commerce of the West be de-
stroyed. This led to an absurdity.1' Now (said
Mr. H.) my position is fully and clearly stated, and
I defy the gentleman to get over it.
Mr. Hardin asked the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Belser,] before he resumed his remarks, to
allow him to set the gentleman from South Caroli-
na [Mr. Holmes] right on a matter of fact. Our
land titles (said Mr. H.) go to low-water mark; but.
the property of the river is in the United States.
He would refer to the clause in the ordinance provi-
ding that all the waters running into the great lakes
and the Mississippi should be made free, and re-
marked that this applied to the Illinois river; for in
high water, boats went from it into the lakes.
Mr. BELSERContinued. He thanked thegentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Hardin] for correcting the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] as to the
character of the ordinance of 1787. It had saved
him the trouble of doing it, and at a proper time, in
the course of his remarks, he should endeavor to set
the same gentleman right on the law of this country
in regard to its navigable streams. The gentleman,
in his opinion, was not fresh from his study of the
rights of nations, or he never could have planted
himself on the ordinance of 1787, even if the Illi-
nois river be not embraced within its provisions.
He intended to vote against the harbor bill when
it should come before the House; and, in doing this,
he should vote against the appropriation in the same
of $5,000 for surveying the harbor of Mobile, in
his own State—a harbor which had been in exist-
ence as long as he had lived, and which appropriation
had been put in the bill for the purpose of obtaining
votes for it from that section of the country. He
was not to be beguiled m this way. For a mere
"mess of pottage" to his own State, he could not
think of inflicting lasting injury on the whole peo-
ple. He stood here on principle, and he avowed it
openly, that he could, see no distinction between vot-
ing for appropriations for the Ohio and Illinois riv-
er. So far, as it regarded the Mississippi—the
mother of streams flowing on to the ocean—the im-
provement of that, by this government, might re-
solve itself into a question of national self-defence;
and whenever that should be the case, then might
Congress appropriate money to clear it out, under
the same authority that it would have to acquire ter-
ritory by purchase to secure the Union from for-
eign aggression. This right to peiform any act
necessary for defence is inherent in nations. It ex-
isted antecedent to the formation of governments,
or the adoption of constitutions; and if he voted
money out of the public treasury for improvements,
t would only be by virtue of it.
Mr Holmes asked the gentleman [Mr. B.] if he
did not give up the whole constitutional question
when he resorted to the doctrine of salus populi su-
preme lax?
Mr. Belief srud he found no authority m the
constitution for such appropriations. He placed the
right of national defence above the constitution, but
he should come to that point presently. lie wished
to submit his remarks in his own way, and accord-
ing to his own views of arrangement. He was for
plain, direct legislation; and whenever a measure
could not stand on its individual strength, but re-
quired a connexion with others to carry it through,
he would oppose it. He wished to be understood
as impugning the motives of no member. He did
not mean to say that gentlemen had acted improper-
ly in connecting so many various objects together;
but he must be permitted to observe that there was
danger in such a combination; arid, as a representa-
tive, he had a right to point it out. There are eight
States and one Territory provided for in this bill.
There are Ohio, Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana, Michi-
gan, and the Territory of Wisconsin in the north-
west; Vermont in the North, together with Penn-
sylvania and New York, they Keystone and Em-
pire States of the Union. The appropriations ask-
ed for in the bill, for works in these States, exceed
$700,000, and they are entitled to 113 votes on this
floor, being a majority of the whole House, inde-
pendent of the accession of strength which is to be
obtained for the measure from the Atlantic harbor
bill, its hand-maid in legislation. He commented
on this fact, and on the liability that existed among
men of being misled when the interests of the sec-
tion of the country which they represented were
involved. There were but few who could withstand
such influences; and, for one, he was not disposed
to place temptation in the way of any.
Mr. B. proceeded to read an extract from Presi-
dent Jackson's sixth annual message on the subject
of internal improvements, to show the frightful con-
dition to which the country might be brought, if
this system should again become prevalent. In
giving his reasons why he did not sign "an act to
improve the navigation of the Wabash river," Presi-
dent Jackson shows that, "when the bill authorizing
a subscription on the part of the United States for
stock in the Maysville and Lexington Turnpike
company passed the two Houses, there had been re-
ported by the Committee on Internal Improvements
Dills containing appropriations for such objects, ex-
clusive of those for the Cumberland road and for
harbors and light-houses, to the amount of one
hundred and six millions of dollarsand in memo-
rials not referred but presented to Congress, "suffi-
cient projects for works of a similar character, the
expense of which (President Jackson said) cannot
be estimated with certainty, but must have exceeded
one hundred millions of dollars." He asked if there
was nothing in this which was calculated to put the
representatives of the people on their guard? Were
they prepared, at this time, to involve the country
with a fresh load of debt, in order that this sluice of
expenditure might again be turned loose? He hoped
not.
Here Mr. B. was asked by Mr. Wentwortii of
Illinois whether he was willing to see appropriations
cut off from useful works already commenced un-
der the auspices of the government.
Mr. Bllslr observed that he would an&wei the
question in the affirmatne. He believed that there
was a large amount of money expended on the
Cumberland road, before the work was suspended;
but if this was the argument, any scheme, however
wild it might be, had only to pass one Congress,
and the succeeding one would be bound to carry it
through. For himself, he held no such opinion.
He was willing to &ee his constituents taxed foi all
necessary objects, but lie was indisposed to see them
taxed for such measures as were embraced in this
bill. Did gentlemen suppose that these demands for
appropriations would stop herer No; pass this bill,
and, by the conclusion of another Congress, the sys-
tem would grow up again into that vast expenditure
which had been arrested by the veto of President
Jackson. He asked, as he had done on another similar
occasion with this, where was the money- to come
from? How are you to pay that sum which is now
owing by the government." You cannot get money
unless you get it out of the people's pockets. He
thought gentlemen who were in favor of a high pro-
tective tan if had the greatest inducement to support
this bill; and they reason in this way: The more
money you expend for internal improvements, the
more urgent Will be the necessity for high taxation.
Here was a combination of interests that would run
together naturally. The tariff man said, that, if he
got the protection, he was satisfied; and the internal-
improvement man said, that, if he obtained the ex-
cess of the money arising out of protection to ex-
pend, he was satisfied.
He had known a great many appropriations made
by the States for the improvement of riyersj and he
believed, that, for all the good that was done to nav-
igation, the money might as well have been thrown
into the beds of the streams which were intended to
be benefited by such appropriations.
He next noticed the remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] who contended, that,
to a a certain extent, this government had a right to
appropriate money to carry on works of internal im-
provement. He differed with the gentleman in his-
distinction between local and national works. He
could not believe that either the Ohio or the Illinois
river was of the latter class. Neither could he
think it a democratic measure to sustain such appro-
priations. His test of democracy was of a different
character. It was to avoid the exercise all doubtful
powers, and to shun all unnecessary expenditure.
The power to "regulate commerce" never was in-
tended to authorize the expenditure of money on riv-
ers of any kind, and particularly those so remote from
the sea as the Ohio and the Illinois. The opinions
of the different Presidents cited by the gentleman,
contain nothing which authorizes a different con-
clusion If a bill appropriating money for either the
Ohio or Illinois rivers was this day presented to
President Jack-son for his approval, he would be
bound to veto it. He could not do otherwise, and
act in accordance with the principles advanced in his
messages on the subject.
Mr. B. would now examine the position which
had been assumed by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] wherein he had attempted
a distinction between the Ohio, Mississippi, ana Il-
linois rivers; and, in order that he might do him
justice, he would restate his argument—an argu-
ment which the honorable gentleman had defied him
to answer. Mr. H. had contended:
1. That the United States have no right to im-
prove a river which is confined in a State, because
the proprietary right and jurisdiction are in the
State.
2. That the United States had a right of way—a
usufruct—in the Illinois river, but had no right of
soil, or proprietary right, and therefore could not
make any improvement on that river.
3. That the proprietary right and the usufruct of
the United States were complete over the Mississip-
pi; and therefore, if the United States could not im-
prove that river, it could not be improved at all, and
a great highway might be stopped up by an accu-
mulation of sand or snags, and the commerce of the
West be destroyed.
With the first proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] he agreed—not,
however, without some qualification. He believed
that, with the consent of a State, (provided the power
existed in Congress, by the constitution, to do so at
all,) the United States would be authorized to im-
prove a river which is confined to a State. The
reason why all right of this character has been de-
nied to the Union, is, because of its tendency to pro-
duce conflict between federal and State jurisdiction.
There is no constitutional provision on this subject
which defines those limits that are to separate na-
tional and State concerns. The assent of a State,
however, to such a work, given to the government,
(if the constitutional power existed,) would render
its exercise harmless, and avoid those collisions
which would otherwise arise between the two con-
flicting jurisdictions.
As to the gentleman's second proposition, he pre-
sumed it was unnecessary to discuss it. The dif-
ference between the Illinois river and the Ohio and
Mississippi, e.dsfed only m the gentleman's ima-
gination. The ordinance of 1787 does not bear him
out in his views. It in no aspect changes the ques-
tion. It is only declaratory of the law of nations, and
vests no such special jurisdiction a3 is claimed for
the United States under it by the gentleman from
South Carolina. The only portion of the instru-
ment which can, in the remotest degree, be brought
to bear on the question, is in these words:
The navigable wateis leading into the' Mississippi and St.
Lawrence, and the carrying place*, betvv een the Mime, shall
be common highways, "and 1'orever free, as v ell to the in-
habitants ol' said Teri-itoiy as to the citizens of the United
States, and those of any other States that may be admitted
into the confederacy, without any tax, impost, or duty
therefor.
Thus the honorable gentleman will at once per-
ceive that, if there be any such virtue in this pro-
vision of the ordinance of 1787, as contended for by
him, it is sufficiently catholicon to include the
Illinois as well as the Ohio and the Mississippi.
But admitting, for the sake of argument, that the
proprietary right and usufruct of the United States
were complete oyer the Ohio and the Mississippi
