CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
an
ible
certainly was (if this was true) censure to be cast
on the government he represented. He had before
him extracts from the English debates, as reported
in the newspapers; £ut, lest they should be erro-
neous, he would delay his reply until he would
have an opportunity of consulting Hansard's Par-
liamentary Reports, which he would do on this
night, and in the morning be prepared to show by
them that he was not mistaken. If he was, he was
never so mistaken in his life; and no man would
come forward more readily to acknowledge that
mistake, and to express his regret for hating fallen
into it.
Mr. CHOATE said something about giving
explanation on to-morrow, but was nearly maudi
in t,he reporter's gallery.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 18, 1844.
The journal having been read and approved,
The SPEAKER announced that the first business
in order was the calling on the States for resolu-
tions.
Mr. RAMSEY desired Isave to make a report
from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS objected t'e any business out
of the regular order.
Mr G. W. JONES moved that the rules be sus-
pended to allow of the reception of reports from the
standing committees—such as would not give rise
to debate; which motion was carried, and reports
were made as follows:
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a resolution directi g the print-
ing of 15,000 extra copies of the report of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means accompanying the inde-
pendent treasury bill.
The SPEAKER decided that the moti'on to print
extra copies of any document could not be enter-
tained on the day it was made.
Mr. WHITE contended that the motion could
not be entertained at all; and, after a slight discus-
sion, in which Messrs. WHITE, WELLER, and
HOPKINS, took part,
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution
would go over and come up in its regular order to-
morrow.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported the following:
Resolved, That the furnaces under the hall of the
House of Representatives, and under the commit-
tee rooms of the cast wing of the Capitol, be, and
they are hereby, placed in charge of the Doorkeeper
of the House, who is hereby authorized, with the
sanction of the Speaker, to employ a fireman, at the
pay of a messenger of the House, to take care of
the same.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported the following bills, viz:
A bill for the relief of Peter Wilson;
A bill for tbe relief of Maria Robinson; and
A bill for the relief of Mary B. Perry and others.
These bills were accompanied by reports in each
case; and they were severally read and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of Fielding Pratt, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. OWEN, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill making appropriations to, and in completing
the harbor at Raedire, on the eastern shore of L;ike
Michigan;
A bill making appropriations for certain improve-
ments in the Territory of Iowa; and
A bill making appropriations for certain improve-
ments in the Territory of Florida.
These bills were severally read, and referred to
a Committee ef the Whole House.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the. relief of Jeannette C. Huntington,
relict and sole executrix of Wm. D. Chiever, de-
ceased*
A bi'll for the relief of Harvey Parke; accompan ied
in each case by a report; which bills were read twice,
and referred to the Cnmmittee of the Whole House.
Mr. VANCE, from the same committee, mads
a4y«w reports upon ths petition of Henry Stoker;
the petition of Mary Amelia Lewis, widow of Capt.
Andrew Lewis, deceased; the petition of Captain
Henry McKavet; and the petition of Daniel Bray-
man; which were ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
On motion of Mr. VANCE,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Miles W. Dickey, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the case of Wm. P. Zantzinger,
accompanied by a bill; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the petition of John P. Converse,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claim3, made
a report upon the petition of C. P. Sengstack, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made a report upon the petitions for the
removal of the land office from Jackson to Freder-
icktown, in Missouri; and for the Coosa land office,
to be established in Jacksonville, in Alabama, ac-
companied by a bill to authorize the President of the
United States to remove the land office from Jack-
son, Missouri, to Fredericktown, in Madison coun-
ty, in said State; and also'to remove the land of-
fice from Lebanon to Jacksonville, in Alabama.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from the consideration of the petition of
citizens of Massachusetts for permission to imports,
free of duty, iron for the Fall river railroad, and that
it be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, made an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of John Bruce; which was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rials remonstrating against the removal of the sur-
veyor general's office from Donaldsonville to Baton
Rouge, and that it do lie on the table.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill to di-
rect the President of the United States to cause the
reserved lead mines in the State of Illinois, and
Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa, to be exposed
to public sale, reported an amendatory bill; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union.
On motion ofMr. J. W. DAVIS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rial of the legislature for the sale of the reserved
mineral lands, and the issuing of patents for lands
heretofore sold; and that it do lie on the table.
On motion ofMr. HOUSTON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rial of the board of commissioners for Des Moines
county, Iowa, for a grant of land for a court-house;
and that it do lie on the table.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made a report upon the petition of David
Allspack, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to change the time of holding the
spring term of the district court of the United
States for the eastern district of Virginia; which
was read three times and passed.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate entitled an act relative to the office of
serveyer general for the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Michigan, reported the same without amendment;
and it was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made a report upon the petition
of Samuel Rkhwsde, exmtor of Wm. T Smith,
late of Philadelphia, accompanied by a bill for Ms
relief; which was read twice, and referred" to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. STONE, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, made a report upon the petition of Hen-
ry King, accompanied by a bill for his relief; whieh
was read twice, and committed to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. W. J. BROWN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, made a report upon the peti-
tion of Antonio Chenno, accompanied by a bill to
confirm his claim to a tract of land in the State of
Louisiana; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. IRWIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report upon thp resolution
of the House of the 29th January last, in relation to
defensive works in the Penobscot river; which :was
laid on the table.
Mr. COLES, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to which was referred, in the annual report of
the Secretary of War, the subjects of the act of the
23d of August, 1842, abolishing the office of one
inspector general, three paymasters, two surgeons,
and two assistant surgeons, and directing their dis-
charge within one month after its passage, &e.,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill to re-
peal so much of the 4th section of the act approved
23d August, 1842, entitled an "Act respecting the
organization of the army and for other purposes,"
as abolishes the office of one inspector general; which
bill was read a first and second time, and committed
to a Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union. ^
Mr. BOYD, frotn the Committee ou Military Af-
fairs, made an adverse report upon the memorial of
Trueman Cross; which report was laid on the table.
. Mr. McILVAINE, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made a report upon the peti-
tion of George Lingley, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. Mcl., from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the petition of Elizabeth Wil-
son, widow of Thomas Wilson; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. HOGE, from the Committee on Revolutiona-
ry Pensions, made a report upon the petition of
George Wentling, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. H., from the same committee, made a report
upon the petition of Uriah Loomis, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, from the Committee on
Territories, offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the
bill and report of the Committee on Territories in
relation to Oregon be printed for the use of this
House.
Mr. WHITE objected to its reception.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a suspension of the
rules m order to enable him to submit the resolu-
tion.
Mr. WHITE called for the yeas and nays. ,
The SPEAKER counted those in favor of the
yeas and nays, and reported 26 m the affirmative,
which was not a sufficient number.
A count of those in the negative was demanded;
and 75 voted in the negative. There was no quo-
rum voting.
The SPEAKER said it was evident there was a
quorum present; and he called upon gentlemen to
vote on one side or the other.
Mr. WHITE called for tellers, and they were or-
dered; and' Messrs. Dellet and Burke were ap-
pointed, and they reported 25 in the negative.
Mr. WENTWORTH remarked that if a major-
ity could take up the the resolution to-morrow, he
would withdraw his motion for a suspension of the
rules, for he did not wish to take up the time o£ the
House uselessly; and as he saw the minority of the
House en masse opposing him, he was confident two-
thirds could not be obtained to suspend the rules.
So he would let the resolution pass over until to-
morrow, when a majority could pass it. And he
would then urge it, as he and other Western gentle-
men were continually being called upon for some
documents in relation to the matter, and he was
sorry to see any disposition to withhold informa-
tion upon so important a public measure.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. HOGE, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, made a report upon ^the petition of
