400
COMBESSrONAL GLOBE.
Arnazigl Goodwin, accompanied by a bill'for bis re-
lief; which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported bills
of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of Wilmot Marsdon, of Oneida
county, New York, widow of George Marsdon, de-
ceased; and
A bill for the relief of John Edmasson; accom-
panied by a report in each case.
. They were read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
IVlr. RATHBUN, from .the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made a report upon the peti-
tion of Mary Ann Linton, accompanied by a bill
for her relief; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. OWEN from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported two bills making appropriations
for certain improvements on the shores of Lake
Michigan; which "were read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the'Whole on the state of the Union.
. Mr. OWEN also reported bills making appropri-
ations for certain improvements in the Territory of
Iowa; which were read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, on leave granted, (the hour for
which the rules were suspended having expired,) re-
ported a bill to amend and continue in force the act
incorporating the inhabitants of the city of Wash-
ington; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and, together with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
And also a bill to amend the charters of the Dis-
trict banks, accompanied by a report.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole, and that the bill
and report be printed.
Mr. McCAUSLEN was opposed to the printing
of the report, and moved that the bill and report be
laid upon the table.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he felt under the necessi-
ty of calling for the reading of the report, as it was
not proper that the House should vote upon it m
the dark.
Mr. ADAMS objected to all further proceedings
upon this subject; and called for the orders of the
day.
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentleman not ,
having made his objection at first, it could not be
entertained now.
Mr. BIDLA.CK raised a question of order. This
being petition day, the House had agreed to suspend
the rules for one hour for the purpose of receiving
such reports from committees as would give to no
debate. That hour had expired, and he contended
that the ind ulgence granted to the gentleman from
South Caroliria"waa understood to be under the same
limitation, viz: that no debate should arise.
The SPEAKER observed that the gentleman had
asked permission to make a report, and the House
acquiesced, without, in the opinion of the Chair, any
such condition or limitation.
Mr. CAMPBELL said such was his own im-
pression; but, at the same time, he was not willing
to stand up in opposition to what seemed to be the
will of the House; and if permitted to do so, he
would withdraw the report, and bring it up to-
morrow.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS said the question was
upon laying the bill and report on the table. He
objected to its withdrawal.
Mr. CAMPBELL then again called for the read-
me of the report.
Mr. McCAUSLEN said he was not disposed to
throw any unnecessary obstacle in the way, though
he was opposed to the admission of the report, be-
cause he believed it was not bused upon facts.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he insisted that the gen-
tleman should explain to the House what it was lie
meant when he said that the report was not based
upon facts. Did the gentleman mean to cast censure
upon the majority of the committee?
Mr. McCAUSLEN sai
kind.
said he did nothing of the
And after some further conversation, the motion
to lay on the table was withdrawn; and the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House, and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
OREGON.
Mi'. C< J. IIS'GER&iOLL then rose and moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution offered
on a former day by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Owen,] was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. WHITE said he would be compelled to in-
sist that the rules.of debate should be striotly en-
forced in relation to this question, as the same sub-
ject was already before the Committee ofthe Whole,
and would necessarily be there debated at large.
He thought it would be improper, upon a mere mo-
tion to reconsider, that they should go into a general
debate.
Mr. WINTHROP suggested a point of order.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Owen,] on a
former day, presented a resolution of his State,
which was referred to a committee; the question of
reference not being debatable when made. He sub-
mitted whether a motion to reconsider that vote was
debatable. He believed the Chair had often ruled
that such motion was not debatable.
Mr. INGERSOLL inquired of the Chair whether
a majority was sufficient to carry the House into
Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of taking
up the Oregon question.
The SPEAKER replied that a majority was suffi-
cient to suspend the rules for the purpose of going
into Committee of the Whole; and it would then be
in the discretion of the committee as to what subject
then moved a suspension of
should be taken up.
Mr. INGERSOLL
the rules.
Mr. WINTHROP demanded the yeas and navs,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 89, nays 71.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL,
The House resolved itself into Commute# of the
Whole on the state ofthe Union, Mr. Hamlin of
Maine, in the chair, and took up the following resolu-
tion introduced by Mr. Owen, of Indiana, on the 4th
of January, 1844, and reported back from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations the 23d of the same
month:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive1; of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in accordance with the provisions of the
second article of a convention between the United
States of America and the King of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of the 6th
September, 1827, continuing indefinitely the provi-
sions of the third article of the convention of 20th
October, 1818, relative to the joint occupancy by
Great Britain, and the United States of America, of
certain lands on the northwest coast of America,
westward of the Stony Mountains, commonly called
the Territory of Oregon, the President of the United
States be requested to give due notice of twelve
months to the Government of Great Britain, that,
after the expiration of the said term of notice, the
United States of America' will annul and abrogate
the said convention of the 6th September, 1827, so
continuing the provisions of the third article of the
convention of 20th October, 1818, as aforesaid.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then addressed the com-
mittee. This is a question of thirty years' standing;
and these thirty years were full of circumstances,
each of themselves replete with argument for allow-
ing no more time to elapse without settling the
question. At the treaty of Ghent, some—and I be-
lieve a majonty—of our commissioners, were willing
to give England the free navigation of the Missis-
sippi. Now we have great reason for insisting on
the exclusive occupation of Oregon some 3,500 miles
farther west than the Mississippi. In these thirty
years, several States and Territories, inhabited by
several millions of people, six hundred steamboats,
and not less than eight or ten thousand watermen,
were established in that Titan region of prodigious
growth; while as many American vessels on the Pa-
cific ocean, manned by twenty thousand of the best
seamen in the world, are the maritime appurtenan-
ces of the Territory of Oregon. If then, in 1823, Mr.
Adams, then Secretary of State, in his letter to Mr.
Gallatin, the American minister in England, could
witli great felicity of diction, explain the importance
of the northwestern territory—[here Mr. I. read a
sentence from Mr. Adams's despatches]—how vast-
ly and obviously has the importance of the question
become since he wrote that despatch?
It is said to be a question of title-, upon which I
shall not dwell further than to state the principle,
that title to wild territory of this description depends
upon first discovery, followed up by occupation;
and the discoveiy of the mouth of a river gives a
right to all the regions watered by it. In J832, Rus-
sia set up a title to this territory, and made it known
to the American government, m a letter from her
minister, claiming the Pacific ocean as a close sea,
and announcing that any American vessel found in
that ocean, on the northwest coast of America,
would be seized and confiscated.
Now, (Mr. I. said,) he considered the Rus-
sian^ a much better title them the English; but, as
among gentlemen disputing, an assertion is not to
be gainsaid by mere denial; so among nations, I pre-
sume, we are bound to take for granted, that when
one asserts a title, it believes that title well founded.
In the instance of Maine, Great Britain succeeded
in depriving the United States of a considerable
portion of their aboriginal territory, by asserting a
right to it, which the English prime minister after-
wards declared in Parliament that he had proof in
the handwriting of the English monarch, was with-
out foundation. I would not notice this, or the cor-
responding acknowledgment of a member of the
House of Lords to the same effect, were it not that
this country, and particularly the State from which
I come, is generally, if not universally, charged with
a breach of faith in the repudiation of debts. The
charge is wholly unfounded. All that has been
"done in Pennsylvania, under the pressure of a tem-
porary inability to comply with an unexpected
amount of indebtedness, has been to have recourse
to promises to pay—the only approximation to a pay-
ment of public debt that England attempted to give
for five and twenty years. There has been no re-
pudiation of debt, or breach of faith in this country,
or any of its States; and as I deem national faith or
honor on all occasions of the very first importance,
so especially would Imaintain our faith with England
not only unimpaired, but beyond .the possibility of
imputation or suspicion. My first reason, there-
fore, for thinking that notice should be given of our
determination to put an end to the treaty of joint
occupation, is, that, if we do anything at all, while
that treaty continues in force, we subject ourselves
to at least the possibility of such imputation.
Uberrima fides altissinla Jiiles should be our max-
im, in dealing with a nation, the first officer of whose
government—and I presume he may be considered
as one of the first gentlemen of the country—repre-
senting the honor, the truth, the probity, of Great
Britain, made the acknowledgment, with respect to
another treaty which I have alluded to. This, if-I
mistake not, was the position, a year or two ago,
on this subject, of a distinguished senator, lately
appointed to the Department of State—who, I am
happy to hear, is said to have accepted that appoint-
ment, and who will therefore have the conduct of
this negotiation. I consider (as I understood him
to have declared, and as his honorable colleague in
the Senate insisted) that we can do nothing—that
we cannot put in forcc the President's recommenda-
tions, by establishing a territorial government in
Oregon, a chain of military posts leading to it, or
take any other step whatever toward the ultimate
exclusive possession of that Territory, till we have
first put an end to the treaty by which we author-
ized England to hold and use the joint occupation
for any purpose whatever.
My next positition is a constitutional stand of
scarcely less importance than national charactcr for
pure and irreproachable good faith; and that is, that
the treaty-making power is not competent to part
with any portion of the American territory, with-
out the consent of Congress. I therefore desire the
action of this House on this mementous occasion;
and I call upon every republican member of it,
whatever his party affi iation may be, to sup-
port this great position of popular sovereignty.
Especially do I call upon the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts of the Boston district,
[Mr. Winthrof,] indeed, upon all the members
from Massachusetts, and upon all others, without
distinction of party, (for this is no party question,)
who fear what that gentleman [Mr. Winthrop] has
denounced as the stealthy annexation of Texas to
this Union, by the clandestine contrivance of a
treaty,—to take their station in this Oregon ques-
tion, and prepare this House and the country for
the dreaded annexation of Texas, by interposing to
express the sentiment of the country as represented
here upon the Oregon question. I shall quote you
very high authority—the highest with a large, party
in this House, and very high with me—that of a
most distinguished and illustrious citizen of the
West, for denying that the executive is authorized
by the treaty-making power to part with any por-
tion of the American territory. [Mr. Ingersoxl
here read from the National Intelligencer a resolu-*
