414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 18&;
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Murphy.
H. of Reps.
sections, have an interest, in order to trammel their
action. There is but one mode of exemption from
such machinations: it is for the party, as a unit, to
' stand firm on principle, and not to give way to local
influences.
Sir, where are the democrats of Pennsylvania in
this House on the tariff of 1842? Where are a ma-
jority of those from New York? Are they not in
favor of it? Yes, sir. -Was this the idea held out
in the other branch of the legislature, when two
senators voted for it onto to save the country! No,
sir. What is it, then, that has produced this sud-
den transition in Pennsylvania and New York? It
can only be attributed to departing, in the first in-
stance, from principle. And I will ask our western
friends who are for this bill, what, they will do
hereafter, when other measures, bearing a strong re-
semblance to this, are brought before them? Will
they cease with this, or will their appetite for simi-
lar appropriations increase?
Sir, it is sometimes meet that we should look up-
on things that are past. Believing it expedient that
we should do so at this time, I ask gentlemen to
turn to the following resolutions, adopted at Balti-
more in 1840 by the democratic party. Let them
compare their action on this floor during this Con-
gress with that manifesto, and see how they agree.
It may be the means of teaching many of them a
useful lesson:
BALTIMORE RESOLUTIONS.
1. Resolved, That the federal government is one of limited
powers, derived solely from the constitution; and the grants
of power shown therein ought to be strictly construed by
all the departments and agents of the government, and that
it is inexpedient and dangerous to exercifc doubtful consti-
tutional powers.
2. Resolved, That the constitution docs not confer upon
the general government the power to commence and cany
on a general system of internal improyements.
3. Resolved, That the constitution do'fes not confer author-
ity upon the federal government, directly or indirectly, to
assume the debts of the several States, contracted for local
internal improvements, or other State purposes; nor would
such assumption be just or expedient.
4. Resolved, That justice and sound policy forbid the ftd
eral government to foster one branch of industry to the det-
riment of another, or to cherish the interests of one portion
to the injury of another portion of our common country—
that every citizen and every section of the country has a
right to demand and insist upon an equality of rights and
privileges, and to complete and ample protection of persons
and property from domestic violence or foreign aggression.
5. Resolved, That it is the duty of every branch of the gov-
ernment to enforce and practise the most rigid economy in
conducting our public affairs, and that no more revenue
ought to be raised than is required to defray the necessary
expenses of the government.
6. Resolved, That Congress has no power to charter a na-
tional bank; that we believe such an institution one of dead-
ly hostility to the bes>t interests of the country, dangerous
to our reoublican institutions and the liberties of the people,
and calculated to place the business of the country within
the control of a concentrated money power, and above
the laws and the will of the people
7. Resolved, That Congress has no power, under the con-
stitution, to interfere with or control the domestic institu-
tions of the several States, and that such States are the sole
and proper judges of everything appertaining to their own
affairs, not prohibited by the constitution; that all efforts of
the abolitionists or others, made to induce Congress to in-
terfere with questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps
in relation thereto, are calculated to lead to the most alarm-
ing and dangerous consequences, and that all such efforts
have an inevitable tendency to diminish the happiness of the
people, and endanger the stability and permanency of the
Union, and ought not to be countenanced by any friend to
our political institutions.
8. Resolved, That the reparation of the moneys of the gov-
ernment from banking institutions, is indispensable for the
safety of the funds of the government, and the rights of the
^9? Resolved, That the liberal principles embodied bv Jef-
ferson in the declaration of independence, and sanctioned in
the constitution, which makes ours the land ol liberty, and
the asylum of the oppiessed of everv nation, have evrbeen
cardinal principles m the democratic faith; and ever) attempt
to abridge the present privilege of becoming citr/ens and
the owners of soil amona: us, ought to be resisted with the
s lme spirit which swept the alien and sedition laws from our
statute hook.
And if this retrospect into the past will not awa-
ken them, let them consult the fathers of the repub-
lican church, and learn what they meant when they
promulgated, in solemn form, those memoiable
RESOLUTIONS OF 1798.
Resolved, That the general assembly of Vir^I-iia (loth un-
equivocally express a firm resolution tn ^laintam and neiend
the constitution of the United States, and the constitution ol
this State, against every agression, either foreign or domes-
tic, and that they will support the government ol the united
States in all measures warranted by the former.
That this assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily de-
clare. that it views the powers of the federal government. r,s
resulting from the compact, to which the States are parties,
as limited by the plain sense and intention of the instrument
constituting that compact; as no farther valid than they are
authorized by the grants enumerated in that compact; and
that, in case of a deliberate, palpable, and dangerous exer-
cise of other powers,  ot gristed by the s*id compact, the
States who are parties theieto, have the right, and are in
duty bound, to interpose for arresting the progress of the -
evil, and for maintaining within their respective limits, the
authorities, rights, and liberties appertaining to them
That the general assembly doth also express its deep l'o-
gret that a spirit has, in sundry instances, been manifested
by the federal government, to enlarge its powers by forced
constructions of the constitutional charter which defines
them; and that indications have appeared of a design to ex-
pound certain general phrases, (which, having been copied
from the very limited grant of powers in the former articles
of confederation, were the less liable to be misconstrued,)
so as to destroy the meaning and effect of the particular
enumeration which necessarily explains and limits the gen-
eral phrases; and so as to consolidate the States b) degrees
into one sovereignty, the obvious tendency and inevitable
result of which would be, to transform the present republi-
can system of the United States in an absolute, or at best a
mixed monarchy.
That the -general assembly doth particularly protest
against the palpable and alarming infractions of the consti-
tution, in the two late cases, of the "alien and sedition acts,"
passed at the last session of Congress; the first of which ex-
ercises a power no u here delegated to the federal govern-
ment; and which, by uniting legislative and judicial powers
to those of executive, subvert* the general principles of a
free government, as well as the particular organization and
positive provisions of the federal constitution; and the other
of which acts exercises, in like manner, a power not dele-
gated by the constitution, but, on the contrary, expressly
'and positively forbidden by one of the amendments thereto:
a power which, more than any other, ought to produce uni-
versal' alarm, because it is levelled against.that right of
freely examining public characters and measures, and of
free communication among the people thereon, which has
ever been justly deemed the only effectual guardian of
every other right.
SPEECH OF MR. MURPHY,
OF NEW YORK,
hi the Honse of Representatives, May 3, 1844—On
the tariff.
Mr. MURPHY said that he rose to take part
in ihe debate, after so much ability had been dis-
played in it on all sides of the House, only from a
sense of duty to those who had honored him with
a seat on that floor. Their connexion with the
commerce of the country was so intimate as to ren-
der the tariff question one of deep and absorbing in-
terest to them, and to impose upon him the lespon-
sibility of trespassing further upon the indulgence of
the committee.
In the discussion of this question, (said Mr. M.)
I do not expect to advance anything: new to this
highly intelligent body, or to present what is old in
a novel or attractive form. I will lfave accomplish-
ed my object if I shall succeed m clearly presenting
the principles which appear to me to lie at the bot-
tom of our legislation on this subject; and in explain-
ing the grounds upon which I deem itnecessaiy and
proper that this bill, amending and modifying the
tariff law of the last Congress, should receive the
sanction of that now convened. If I shall do this,
I will have done all that a due regard for the inde-
pendent judgment of those whom I address will en-
title me to expect. ......
1 am aware, however, sir, that this bill is fore-
doomed, and will not become a law. However great
may be the defects, however gross the inequalities of
the present law, no bill having (as this has) in view
their correction and modification, can be passed.
The edict has gone forth through the land,
and the people, and we their representatives,
have been told that the present attempt to ren-
ovate our commerce, our agriculture, and our labor
is to be strangled in its birth. Yes, sir; an honora-
ble member of Congress from Kentucky, high in
the confidence of the distinguished citizen of that
State who is the. candidate of the majority of the
other branch of this legislature for the chief magis-
tracy of this nation, has m his seal declined that no
bill, amending this tariff law, ran receive the assent
of that majority, or pass that House. I regret that
such is to 'be the result of our efforts; because it wi'l
disappoint the just expectations of the people, of re-
lief from mnny'of the burdensome provisions of that
law; but more because it shows that this objec-
tionable statute is to receive the united support of a
great political party, and to be upheld as a standard
m its strife for power. I had hoped that all parties
would have united m equalizing the burdens of our
revenue system, and in doinsc equal justice to all
branches of industry; that, looking above and be-
yond the petty objects of party and personal am-
bition, we might have met on the common plalform
of the public good. It is, however, not to be so.
What effect this determination has had upon others,
I cannot say. It may be that it has induced some of
the friends of reform to abandon any further effort
at this time. Certain it is, that some such disposi-
tion has been evinced here. But for one, 1 take
fresh courage. If it is predetermined that correction
and amendment are to be prevented, and abuse and
inequality to" be perpetuated, even though made
manifest, I do not wish to be identified with those
who adopt that course of action, and I desire that it
should be be known to those, at least, whom I have
the honor to represent, that I have done what I could
to relieve them from the oppressive portions of the
present law. If success do not now attend our
efforts, it will not be our fault. Let e'ach one do
well his part, "there all the honor lies.". Let this
House do its duty; and if the political Herodism
which is to move the other branch 'of Congress as
one man, shall also be adopted here, and band
together for the same purpose the same party in this
body, and thus defeat the measure here, its friends
will be absolved from blame, and the result will be
rightfully attributed to the predominance of party
over principle, and of selfishness over patriotism.
The country will understand it, sir, whatever spe-
cious reasons may be given as an excuse.
I. approach thjs discussion, Mr. Chairman, as the
friend of equal rights and privileges—of free trade,
not in the absurd sense given to it by the advocates
of restricuon and monopoly, but in a sense analo-
gous to that in which we speak of free institutions.
The enemies of republicanism in the old world are
wont to represent our form of government as one
of licentiousness and anarchy; and, as if to divert
attention from the hideousness and deformity of that
under which they live, -to present to the mind a
false and distorted view of ours. So the opponents
of free trade in the new world; battening like their
prototypes in Europe on exclusive privileges and
popular injustice, borrow their style and represent
its friends as seeking to destroy all revenue, and to
force the government to a system of direct taxation.
Their design in this is obvious. It is, by exciting
the fears of the credulous, to retain their unequal
restriction. I repeat, sir, that I understand by free
trade, equal justice in trade, in the same manner as,
by a free government, I understand equal justice in
government.
Before proceeding, however, to the consideration
of the question before the committee, it is proper
that I should call its attention to a paper on the
printed files of the House, containing assertions
which I consider utterly unfounded, and which I
am compelled thus publicly to deny.- That paper is
a report made to this House at its present session
by an honorable member from' Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hudson,] from the Committee on Manufac-
tures; in which report that gentleman has thought
proper to make an attack—which my respect for this
House alone prevents me from characterizing at it
deserves—upon a portion of my constituents who en-
tertain just opinions of trade. I will read the pas-
sage to which I allude. It is as follows: "We
admit that the doctrine of free trade has made some
progress in the city of New York; but we attribute
this more to the influence of foreign gold, hired agents
and pensioned presses, than to any natural deduction
from the practical working of our present system."
I feel bound to say that the imputation which the
honorable gentleman here makes, is a foul aspersion
upon a respectable, numerous, and intelligent body
of my fellow-citizens and constituents, many of
whom I have the pleasure to know and esteem, and
in part to represent, and that it is unwarranted by
any facts and unsusceptible of proof. I will say
more: the opinions which he condemns are not con-
fined to a few foreign importers as he represents, but
they are entertained by the great .body of the people
of that emporium—in fart by all who are not, as
f.-.'-tois of the manufacturers, defiled by a par-
ticipalion in the fruits of the ur.holy system of
special legislation constituting the present tariff laws,
or who are not so devoted in their attachment to the
father of that system, as to idolize his errors. And
with such a fact staring him in the face—for he who
runs may read, and the, gentleman, if he, knew any-
thing about New York, as he pretends, must have
known it—he has the boldness here, in this intel-
ligent assemblage, to make the opinions of this loige
majority the result, of bribery and imposition. Tina
calumny on the citizens of New York is not more
base than the aspersion upon its press. What are
the facts, sit- Papers of both political parties-
whig and democratic—soaring above, the petty ob-
jects of leaders in both, have boldly and fearlessly,
and for years, sustained the principles of free trade.
They wield an influence in their respective parties
which could not be exerted unless they were the
vehicles of truth and patriotism. I need not par-
ticularize them, for their feme and influence are cq-
