COTORESSIOM- GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIYES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1844.
Volume 13„.;No. 26.
[ Continued from JVo. 25.]
tion submitted to the House of Representatives on
the 3d A pril, 1820, by Mr. Clay, on the Florida
treaty, to the effect of what he stated above.] This
treaty-making power is a tremendous engine in the
hands of any executive. Let us not, by any incon-
siderate or negligent misconduct, add to its formi-
dable force. All the executives have, for many
years, dispensed with that part of the constitution
which requires them to take the advice of the Sen-
ate. The House of Representatives is allowed no
action whatever on the subject of a treaty, in limine.
The community are suffered to know nothing about
it. It is sent in cut and dry to the Senate; and there,
often voted for by those who, if advised with before
hand, would never have consented. The treaty of
Washington was consummated in this way against
the wishes of nearly the whole State of Maine,
where parties* emulated each other in" ardent oppo-
sition to it, till it was at last put upon them, and
upon us all, by contrivances which I have no dispo-
sition at this late day to stigmatize as I believe
they deserve. One of the greatest events in modern
times—the quintuple treaty, by which what is called
the right of search, would have been fastended upon
the maritime world, and this country left alone to
contend single handed against nearly all of Europe,
am] even great part of America—was arrested by the
action of the French Chamber of Deputies, and
completely defeated after the treaties had been
signed, and were sent to France merely for ratifica-
tion. I therefore entreat the representatives of the
people in this House to seize this occasion for as-
serting that popular right which I consider impiies
the duty of its assertion to make known to the ex-
ecutive whatever may be the public sentiment upon
the Oregon question.
It is due to the executive to make known to the
the House that the late SecretaiVof State took a
totally different view of this question. I hold in
my hand his official letter,^addressed to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs;, sti&igly objecting to the
course I now recommend. •
[Here Mr. ADAMS requested Mr. Ingersoll to
read the letter, which he sent to the Clerk, who
read it to the effect stated by him.]
But (continued Mr. I.) upon the maturest conside-
ration that I have been able to give this subject, I
cannot entertain a doubt that, instead of detriment to
the negotiation, a resolution of this House must, on
the contrary, strengthen the President's hands,
abridge his discretion, and greatly tend to bring it to
a satisfactory result.
Will there, then, be anything irregular—insulting,
as has been suggested—or in any way improper to-
wards the British government or their minister, late-
ly arrived here, in this House resolving that the
President ought to give notice of our determination
to close the treaty at the end of a year, according to
its own provision? I cannot conceive that there will
be any such effect. To the government, to the min-
ister, or to the gentleman in his individual capacity,
■svho should be treated with the utmost courtesy and
consideration, it is inconceivable to me how there
can be anything offensive in signifying to him, at
once, that whatever may be the result of the nego-
tiation, we are so much" in earnest for action, we
trust pacific action, and the end of tins long-pending
controversy, that as a first step to that end, we give
notice, as authorized, that the treaty for joint occu-
pation will cease a year hence.
A most unfounded and preposterous impression
has been industriously inculcated, that such notice
is the way to war—the first step to hostilities. I
utterly deny it. Mr. 1. here, read from the corres-
pondence on this subject, an expression of Mr. Hus-
kisson, to the effect that it was impossible that two
such nations would rush into conflict for such a
cause of quarrel. I entirely concur m this senti-
ment, said Mr. I. I cannot impute to Great Britain
so barbarous and inhuman a readiness for hostilities;
and as to us, there can be no war without an
act of Congress. There may be collision. There
may be conflict. There may be numerous homi-
cides in this disputed territory, as I understand
there have already been several hundred American
citizens put to death there; but no war has ensued,
snd no war can ensue, without the deliberate action
of both branches of Congress and the executive, in
a deliberate and solemn declaration.
I shall not be deterred, however, by any of the
usual homilies upon the horrors of war, from going
further and, without reserve, declaring an opinion
upon that serious alternative—the last resort of na-
tions. The peculiar relations between Great Britain
and the United States are known to us all. Kindred
and neighbor nations are those always most liable to
come to blows. Resentment for the only two wars
the United States have ever been compelled to wage,
is by no means extinct in the bosoms of the Ameri-
can people; and while the British press and even the
Parliament, and other exponents of national ani-
mosity, continually teem with torrents of this un-
generous feeling towards us, it is not to be wondered
at that there is a pervading sentiment of defiance al-
most universal—or, at least, very general—in this
country against England. For one, I never feed or
foment this feeling, and believe I do not even par-
take of it; but I am free to say that I do not deem it
an unwholesome antipathy, or one that I would al-
together suppress. For, after all, what is American
reliance for national independence, vindication, and
honor, but that spirit of national resistance to con-
tumely, as well as aggression, which there is but
one nation in the world that seems to delight in be-
stowing upon us? Far from deprecating their abuse,
I repeat, that I consider it wholesome counteraction
of that idolatrous veneration which pervades certain
classes and portions of the American community in
regard to England. I would not curb or crib that
spirit of restless enterprise, of roving ambition,
of love of danger, of action, and of frevuent quarrel,
which are, perhaps, national characteristics. It is
not" bccause we came from a pilgrim stock. With
reverence be it said, it was not alone the piety of
our forefathers which laid, broad and deep, the foun-
dations of American independence, power, union,
and prosperity; it was conflict, perpetual conflict
with dangerous elements, with savage enemies, with
boundless forests, with all the difficulties of early
settlement, which made the people of these States
what they are, and arc destined to be, unless this
spirit be quenched; and this is the spirit which
roams from New England to the Rocky moun-
tains, and beyond them, which is never content,
like the aboriginal inhabitants of this vast country,
without immense elbow-room, which, whether Pil-
grim, Quaker, Catholic, Huguenot, is perpetually
seeking for new homes, fresh adventures, and nev-
er satisfied but in a state of incessant contention and
conquest.
What do we want with so much land? is a ques-
tion frequently asked; but why was it not asked of
Columbus, or Cabot, or Boone? It is too late to ask
it now. It has been long too late; and may we nev-
er see the day when this restless, roaming spirit of
enterprise and adventure shall be no longer an
American characteristic. We may fill the countrv
with people; but what sort of people will they be if
they cannot take care of themselves' The centle-
man from Illinois, now near me, [Mr. Went-
uortii.] is, I believe, a very young man, though I
hope, he has done growing. Let, him live to be a mem-
ber of this House fifty years hence, which he may
do if he lives to the age of the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and he may live
to see fifty millions of people inhabiting the valley
ofthe Mississippi. But, if they are an inert, .su-
pine, unambitious, inglorious people, what will
their numbers avail them for protection from the
first invader that mav choose to become their mas-
ter? Will they not, like the inhabitants of India or
China, be subject to British or any other conquests
by any warlike people?
As a free, we shall be a fortified nation. Our on-
ly reliance is a martial and indomitable spirit. Who
that takes a proper view of the cheapest and best
defence of this country, would put an end to that
spirit by teaching it to hesitate one instant at going
to war if necessary? Wars of agression are almost
impracticable with our institutions; but. the peace of
submission would be more fatal to American free-
dom than any war. The gentleman to whom I have
already alluded, [Mr. Wentworth,] in the course
of his speech on this subjcct, used some strong ex-
pressions, importing defiance and conflict with
Great Britain; and I confess, for my own part, t
I am never much pained by what is some tin
;, tiiat
sometimes
termed such western Gascon. Town "pigmy as I
am, I never saw a mountain, a lake, or a prairie; but
I acknowledge it is rather with pleasure than,other-
wise that I listened to the large language which we
sometimes hear and read from those whom our'
English calumniator* continually brand as brag-
garts; for when the proof lias never failed to be
forthcoming that the language I allude to is not'
mere vaporing, but that there is a noble, spirit
and invincible patriotism at all timeis prompt to back
it, it is at least a pardonable infirmity. Franklin
said that the American national symbol should not
be an eagle, but a turkey; because, though he swag-
gers, he will fight, too, and is ready at all times to
fly at anything in scerlet.
Peace! certainly, peace, by all means. It is idle
to read us homilies on the virtues of peace. Every
one acknowledges them. But when I have heard
or read (as 1 have, in connexion with the proceed-
ines of another body on this subject) of the dread-
ful horrors of war, the delightful attractions' of
peace, of political charity, national love, and other
such truisms, it reminded me of the well-known
sentence that all men are born free and eqflal^ of the
inestimable virtues of free trade, and various other
abstractions—all good in the concrete, but, whenwa
come to concoct them, not so unquestionably effica-
cious.
Within a short time past, the taptain-of a British
ship of war—one Lord George Paulet—had seized
upon the principal seaport of the Sandwich
Islands, declaring that he did so by orders of
his government; and, though it disavowed
his transgression, yet there certainly were
were, at one. time, reasons for supposing that he
must have been authorized in making that insuffer-
able seizure. Now, if it had been so, no love of
peace should restrain me one instant from seizing
on the whole disputed Territory of Oregon manu
ftrrti, as an act of avowed retaliation; and I would
have declared to the British government that, until
they released their hold upon the half-way house
at which our commerce refreshed itself between
America and Asia, I never would let go the Terri-
tory of Oregon, be the consequences what they
might.
Again: I speak here as an individual, not by
any authority—not as a member of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs—with no pretensions to better
knowledge of the real state of affairs than is com-
mon to those who read the newspapers and gather
the current intelligence of the day. Acording to this
intelligence, I have understood that, upon the down-
fall of Espartero in Spain, and his flight to England,
there was so much apprehension in Cuba that the
authority of that island might not be peaceably
transferred from the agents of Espartero's appoint-
ment to those deputed to supersede them, the
Spanish government requested assistance from
ours, in case of need. I do not pretend to state this
as a fact. I do not know whether it was so; but
putting it as a supposed case, I have no hesitation
m saying that no love of peace or dread of war,
should have deterred me for an instant,, if it de-
pended on me to prevent British interference with
the change of government in Cuba at all hazards.
With respect to the much apprehended annexa-
tion of Texas, I think proper'to add, in this'connex-
ion, that there again I would give Great Britain to
understand that that is exclusively an American
question, and a question upon our own continent,
and concerning our own continent, with which Eng-
land has nothing to do, and with which we would
not suffer her to have anything to do. With Mexi-
co, I would be forbearing to the last extremity; but
with England, prompt to let her know that lier in-
terference would not be submitted to.
There had been laid upon their table, within a
few days past, a very curious evidence of the lia-
bility of this country to be involved in a war with
England. It appeared that the Colonization So-
ciety, which it was well known had, for some
years past, been endeavoring to establish colonies
of emancipated blacks on the coast of Africa, at a
place called Liberia, had found it necessary to call
upon the executive of this country for its inter-
