May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Murphy.
H. of Reps.
extensive with the Union. In addition to the party
press, the great body of the cheap neutral press-
that new element of journalism which is exerting
a powerful influence there—advocates the same
views. And yet this combined intelligence from
all parties, and of no party, is declared^ by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to be pensioned.
As I have already said, respect for this body for-
bids that I should indulge in such a reply as the
recklessness of this report appears to require; but
I cannot shut my eyes to the fact which appears
from your documents, that nearly one-half of this
gentleman's constituents are reaping, the benefits of
this iniquitous system of high duties. His course
is, therefore not surprising; as it is perfectly con-
sistent with that system for its advocates to ^aefame
those who may oppose its injustice.
New York, Mr. Chairman, sustains the principles •
.of free trade from higher motives than the sordid
and corrupt considerations which the honorable
gentleman has attributed to her. As one of the
great commercial marts of this rich and growing
country, ske is identified with the prosperity of
every part of it; and possessing what your legisla-
tion can neither give nor take away—a natural posi-
tion for trade,—she knows full well that every in-
crease to the exportations of the country, while it
enriches the producers in the interior, contributes
also to her wealth and importance. Her citizens
are deeply impressed with the truth, long ago urged
by that distinguished English statesman, Sir Rob-
ert Walpole, that the prosperity of a country de-
pends not upon the restrictions which you place
upon its commerce, but upon the absence of them.
I will not, however, detain the committee longer on
a question of mere local interest; and therefore pass
to the consideration of the principles involved in this
discussion.
I will first remark that I regard our tariff laws
merely as the mode of raising the means of carrying
on the operations of government; and that, as such,
they should be made to operate equally, as near as
maybe, upon all classes of community according
to the benefits which each derives from government.
And these positions I assume from the limita-
tions of the constitution and from sound policy in-
dependently of that instrument. The constitution-
al grant of power over this subject is in these
words: "Congress shall have power to lay and and
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defence and the
general welfare of the United States." The immediate
object of this power is to raise revenue—something
to be collected. A prohibitory duty is not author-
ized by it, because nothing could be collected under
it; and, for the same reason, a duty which should
be partially prohibitory, and thereby diminish the
revenue, would not be in consonance with the pow-
er, because the collection of revenue would then be-
come subsidiary to the purpose of prohibition. The
ultimate object of the power is, that with the money
thus collected, the debts of the country shall be paid,
and the common defence and general welfare be pro-
vided for, in accordance with the olhe.r yowerR of the
government. From these purposes we derive the
constitutional principle of equality pervading them
all. The debts to be paid are the debts, not of a
portion, but of the whole of the people, to be liqui-
dated by each one according to his means, and to
the benefits which he derives from the government.
The defence to be pro\ided for is common. The
broad panoply of government is to be thrown equal-
ly around all. Protection is to be afforded not to
one class, or two, or more, but to all, and at once.
The welfare to he secured is to be general. The
prosperity of all sections of our nation is to be at the
same time advanced, as far as government may, in
the exercise of its just powers, accomplish it by the
expenditure of money.
From this equality in the disbursement I infer
equality in the collection of revenue as a fundamen-
tal principle of the constitution. We, have, then,
two great principles of all taxation prescribed to us
by that instrument—namely, revenue for its sole ob-
ject, and equality in its operation.
1 said that sound policy also prescribed the obser-
vance of the same principles; and in order to under-
stand this the better, let us look at the operation of du-
ties. Were Congress clothed with full power over the
subject, and should think it proper to pass a law pro-
hibiting the importation of all foreign articles what-
ever, no one doubts that it would be highly impolitic
and injurious to the interests of the country- And
for this reason: that it would both deprive us alto-
gether of many foreign productions, such a? tea and
coffee, which cannot be produced in this country,
and would give a monopoly of certain other produc-
tions to a particular set of men, or particular portion
of country, which, in the absence of foreign compe-
tition, could set its own price upon them. Of this
latter class, sugar may be taken as an illustration.
This is raised only in Louisiana. The supply for
the United States, foreign and domestic, is about 250
millions of pounds. Of this quantity, Louisiana
furnishes about 120 millions. If the foreign sugar
be prohibited, the supply would not be equal to one-
half of the demand. The consequence would be an
enormous rise in the price of the article to the con-
sumer in every part of the country, for the benefit
of the producer in Louisiana.
If, on the other hand, Congress should pass no
law laying duties upon foreign articles, but should
allow them to be imported free, the price of sugar in
our market would be the same as in the general mar-
ket of the world—throwing out of consideration the
cost of transportation and commercial profit; and,
consequently, would be at its lowest price. If it
should be produced in Louisiana as cheap, or cheap-
er, than in the foreign country, Louisiana would
still supply us to the same extent as before; and if
foreign countries would sell it to us cheaper than
Louisiana, (as they would if they had an abundant
supply, and could produce it cheaper,) they could
furnish us to the exclusion of Louisiana. Now,
this miaht not be very agreeable to Louisiana; yet
no one can doubt that it would be for the benefit of
the country at large, on the principle that it is its in-
terest to buy where it can buy cheapest.
But neither of the two systems—that of prohibi-
tion, or that of entire free trade—would yield any
revenue. By the imposition, however, of a certain
duty on the imported sugar, we would begin to ob-
tain a revenue, and by increasing that duty, we
would increase the revenue, until we should first in-
crease the duty so high as to begin to check importa- •
tion, and then, by continuing to increase the duty,
wc would decrease the importation, until a point of
decrease of revenue, and ultimately, a total prohibi-
tion of imports and no revenue would be reached.
Now it is manifest, that as long as the increased duty
increases revenue, the proceeds of the tax goes into
the national treasury; but that when the increased
duty decreases the revenue, the amount paid by
the people is greater, but less goes into the treasury;
and as that difference is neither m the treasury, nor
in the pockets of the consumers, it is absorbed by the
Louisiana planter, who now brings his sugar into
market, m exclusion of the foreign article; and the
effect then is—like that of total prohibition—a tax
upon the whole people for the benefit of Louisiana,
to the extent of the prohibitory operation.
To return, then, to the proposition which I laid
down, and was attempting to illustrate, that a tariff
law beyond the purposes of revenue was not con-
sistent with sound policy, nor with equal rights, I
do not mean to be understood, in saying this, as say-
ing that any revenue tariff is a blessing. I regard it
as I do ail other taxation—a necessary evil. More,
sir; I deem it, of all modes of taxation, the most
susceptible of injustice and inequality, which it is
our duty, by wise discrimination, to prevent. But
when it is sought to go further, to increase duties—
not to put money into the treasury, but into the
the pockets of any set of producers or manufac-
turers, I consider it both unwise and unjust.
In the first place, this policy is eminently unjust
to that portion of the people well situated for and
engaged in commercial pursuits. A revenue tariff,
so far as it reduces imports, reduces exports—for
with one the other is paid—and thus, by a double
operation, it injures their business, at the same time
that, they bear, in common with other consumers,
the ta't which it creates. This, however, though a
double injury, is borne for the benefit of the whole
country; but when the duty acts both to prevent
importation and to reduce revenue, their business is
decreased for the purpose of Increasing the business of
another interest. This, sir, I hold you have no right
to do. So long as the protecting arm of government
may foster one branch of national industry without
detriment to others, let it do so; but when it is ex-
erted to rob one class for the benefit of any or nil
others, it transcends the limits of political justice.
But the injustice of this system is only equalled
by its impolicy. I witness with impatience those
commercial restrictions which private interest and
selfishness have fastened upon the country. They
appear to me like so many human contrivances to
violate the laws of nature, and to pervert the boun-
ties of a wise Providence, which has, in its myste-
rious arrangements, given to no one country under
heaven all those comforts which are calculated to
supply the moral and intellectual as well as physical
wants of man. The law of exchange is a necessary
law of our well-being. Men will seek in foreign
lands what they have not in their own, or what they
cannot produce as cheaply. And they will not seek
them there under any other circumstances. The
primeval course still rests upon them. Why, then,
should government interfere to prevent them", when .
it is the inevitable law of their nature which impels
them?
Both this injustice and impolicy are exemplified
in the operation of the present protective tariff law.-
It has actually reduced your revenue below what it
was in the last and lowest year of the compromise
act, when the duties were 20, 50, and in some cases
100 per cent., lower than they are now; and what is
worse, it has reduced your importations of dutiable
articles more than 50 per cent. Here is a list of
eight articles which yield more thap three-fourths of
the revenue:
S5" §,§ -
ft
(T -O fl.
is C
-Is1
x ^ -s •
fe ** F*
e
3 a
3 2"
^ 2 <">
3 - ST
"ic
tt>
a
•—• 1 -<yv
jwco ^ o c,i
«~*gd 'to cr "*£• to'cr
O. C W uJ O — — <yi
£ G fe 5 !£ fcf 5) re
M O! 1C O A A 05 O
Average yearly im-
portations for the
years 1837-'8-'9.
a:
<s>
w a w to 5*
w i. ;o  i ix io "to oj
o'ioa w'x'wb a
a> tO if* to H1 4>«
o< >— a -  & o to
Averave yearly im-
portations for the
years 1840,-'l-"2.
17,321,456
j&. jo
"to
CO tJS
a *-
m o
c. <©
>f 
w to *0 to J-
Ci i-*tp ^4"-© %
i- M 05 M 5 "-1 CI
O •( . JO CD to o> 00 JO
CO ~X> Ol "cc M "w
HiiHooa® co
tiOCDOiOO® >-
Actual importations
for $ of the year
1843—£ of the am't
to be added.
65 per cent.
60 , do
76 do
69 to 76
77 percent.
55 do
bl do
57 do
Diminution of impor-
tion in 1843 below
the average of the
preceding six y'rs.
!
|&6 per cent.
i58 do
>61 do
66 to 78
72 per cent.
48 do
i-2 do
59 do
Diminution ofimpor-
tations in the year
1643 below 1842.
40 per cent.
30 to 70 do
16 to 6") do
32 to 77 do
29 to 243 do
67 to 161 do
51 do
61 do
Itate of duty under
the tariff of 1842.
Here we see the concomitant effects of a protect-
ive tariff—diminished revenue, and diminished trade
—a government running behindhand, and com-
merce and agriculture languishing. A comparison
of the entire importations of the lowest year in the
six years preceding—with those of 1843, the first
year of the present high tariff, will show the same
results.
The imports of free and dutiable articles m 1842
were . . . • . #100,169,087
Of which there was specie . . 4,087,016
Total imports in 1842, excluding spe-
cie .
In 1843, the imports were, for the
whole four quarters . $89,260,8.95
Of this the specie amount-
ed to . . . 17,209,013"
Total imports of 1843, exclusive of
specie
96,075,071
72,051,882
Diminution of imports- • . 24,023,189
being more than 25 per cent., including the free arti-
cles, and excluding specie. Turned into words,
these figures tell you that your ships have come here
for the most part empty; that your exports have not
only been diminished, but have also had to pay, in
addition to an outward freight, a portion at least of
a return freight; and that your producers have been
compelled, instead of buying the cheap manufac-
tures of other nations, to pay this specie for the
dear domestic manufactures for which your law has
created a home monopoly.
