402
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ference; and a correspondence; had taken place be-
tween the late Secretary of State and the Secretary
for Foreign Affairs of tke British government, upon
questions arising front the circumstance that the
English were preventing, by force, the extension of
the settlements made by the Colonization Society,
because, as they alleged, it interfered with their
trade.
These settlements, however, were individual con-
cerns, and the government had nothing to do with
them. He mentioned this merely as an instance to
«how how easy it would be to produce a conflict
between this country and Great Britain. He would
never be in favor of a war of aggression, nor of a
peace of submission. Everybody wasaware of the
^act, that we were surrounded on all sides by British
power.
We had heard a great deal of the tap of the British
drum beating round the whole globe, from post to
post; and it is true, enough that from the Bahamas
to Oregon and Canada, and teo round to Nova Sco-
tia, we are environed by British power. A conflict
with that power, it would be folly either to court or
provoke; but equal weakness, as I conceive, to dep-
recate or shrink from.' That will never be found
the way to peace. No man admires or respects the
English nation more than I do. No one has more
leason to venerate them, for I believe every drop of
ray blood is English; and, as I have been very often
some 0oomes a tory ancestor
All that I would ask, in the relations of this coun-
try with Great Britain is, that we should treat her
as we do other foreign nations.
n/rA'c "T'in col^lusion. (said Mr. I.,) I mea„
ivii. bpeaker, to make—what I rarely indulge in a
party appeal. We are on the eve of a presidential
election; the whole country is divided into parties on
that absorbing topic. Disclaiming, as I do, the in-
quiry I am about to make with any view whatever
to the presidential auestion, or as a mere party
question, I am nevertheless anxious to know wheth-
er we are to present to the foieigner an undivided
trout on the Oregon controversy. Certain indica-
tions m another part of this Capitol have given
cause to apprehend that the supporters of an 'illus-
trious citizen of the West for the next pres.
Money are not disposed to act immediately
oi', as I conceive and I believe the ex-
ecutive government is of opinion we should
act with immediate and earnest determination
to close this long continued controversy. I therefore
to lee the liberty of calling upon the friends of Mr.
Clay on this floor to let the country know what is
to be expected from them respecting Oregon. Mr
Adams and Mr. Clay got us into the difficulty of
the joint occupation by treaty, and I desire to know
what they are disposed to do to help us out of it. I by
no means mention this as matter of reproach. It
might have happened to any administration; but it
is a fact, and us such Here the Chairman's ham-
mer fell, announcing that Mr. Ingersoi.l's hour
had expired.
Mr. WINTHROP rose and said he had no idea
of making anything like an elaborate or labored re-
ply to the speech of the honorable gentleman who
had just taken his scat. He was greatly in hopes
that some other member of the House, and he
would say of the Massachusetts delegation, would
have taken the floor.
Mr. SCHENCKsaid if the gentleman would "-ivc
way, he would move that the conmiittce rise. °
Mr. WINTHROP said lie was afraid he shouh
not get another opportunity; he must" be pardoned,'
therefore, for dcclming to give way, as he was de-
sirous of saying a few words on this interesting
question. He did not regard it as a mere western
question. If there was any claim to that country on
the ground of discovery, they of the East were en-
titled to the credit of being the discovers. It was by
eastern energy and eastern enterpnse that it was
opened to the American people.
I he gentleman had indulged in no very protract-
ed discussion of the British treaty, but he' had made
a iemark utterly unnecessary and utterly uiifound-
a }Vils', thft 0110 o1' the prime ministei s
ad declared that his go\ eminent had obtained a
k mvF„°i, American territory with a perfect
Know l&tge from documents m their own posses-
.""fa t H?,118-' l° iL *0W> h«
be drawn ft denied that any such inference could
v-hinh n ? remarks of Lord Brougham to
v? Jhe gentteman referred. S
P'Vh^r ^GERSOLL said the remark that the
S ^iLftw'rf had °b,tained a l,01'ti0tl Maine,
*o which they had no rightful claim, was made in
the House of Commons, and not by Lord Brougham
in the House of Lords; but Lord Brougham did say
that they (the British government) had dot a leg to
stand upon.
Mr. WINTHROP said he had not Lord
Brougham's speech at hand to refer to, but he would
undertake to say that the remarks of that statesman,
taken altogether, would not bear the inference the
gentleman had drawn. As he understood the re-
marks alluded to, they were made in reply to a re-
proach that had been cast upon Mr." Webster, and
our government, of being guilty of bad faith, or a
suppressio veri. It was to prove the unfoundedness
of such a charge as that to which the honorable gen-
tleman had alluded, that the remark was rhja.de. Lord
Brougham defended Mr. Webster from the charge
of having acted in bad faith with the British govern-
ment; and his defence was to this effect: In a mat-
ter of diplomacy no negotiator, when making a
treaty in regard to a disputed territory, was bound
to take in his hand all the maps which make
against the claim of his own country. He de-
nied that, if Mr. Webster had known that
the map referred to was the original map of Dr.
r ranklin, with the doctor's red lines upon it, it
was any conclusive evidence of the British title, and
he denied that it was the duty of Mr. Webster to
s!rln^iilr °Ut" fLU t'ier answer t0 'he charge against
Mi. Webster, he stated that there was a map in the
possession of the British government, which had
been removed from the British Museum to the
foreign office, on which, in the handwriting of
Geoige III, was marked out, as the true bound-
2uy, the lines claimed by the American government.
But there was as good reason to believe that the
first mentioned map was the map of Dr. Franklin
as that the one with the marks m the handwriting
of George III was Mr. Osborn's map. But the
honorable gentleman told the House that the dis-
memberment of Maine by this treaty was made
against the unanimous dissent of the people of
Maine. He should like to know where was tlie
unanimous dissent of Maine against this treaty.
I he commissioners of Maine were, on the spot.
I hey prepared a labored argument against the trea-
ty; but what did they do afterwards? Why they
gave then- assent to it. How, then, was any dis-
sent expressed to this treaty till after it was made?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, on leave, explained.
i ■ ii S nothing in regard to the manner in
which the treaty was made; but the gentleman pro-
voked him to say that, while the negotiations were
going* on, he was, from day to day, informed in his
place, by a gentleman, then a member of this House
from Maine, that all this was brought about by tricks
practised oil the Maine commissioners as disgrace-
ful as   °
Mr. WIN I'HROP. I mean no disrespect, to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania; but he believed that
Mr. Webster was as incapable of practising tricks
as himself. °
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I don't think so.
Mr W1NT1IR0P continued: The gentleman
talked about private conversations. Why did not
the gentleman who gave him this information make
it Public? An attempt had been made, in Maine and
in Massachusetts, since the treaty was made, to get
up an opposition to it; but it had signally failed. He
undertook to say that when the treaty was made
the people of Massachusetts and Maine weie unan-
imously in favor of it.
Mr. W. deprecated the passage of a resolution
like the one under consideration, at a time when a
special minister had just arrived from England to
settle the question of the title to the territory in dis-
pute. What a moment was this, he asked, for o,y_
mg the twelve months' notice that the joint occu-
pancy must cease! The negotiations (lie said)
would have probably been entered mi hefore this
had it not been for the lamentable accident which
deprived the President of two members of his cab-
inet. What motive could there be for this precipi-
tancy, after this joint occupancy had been in exist-
ence foi thiity yeais? Mr. Calhoun had already ex-
pressed his opinions; and at the last session he said
that time was all we wanted; that upon this ques-
tion, all the country needed to secure possession of
the territory was, quoting the language of Edmund
Burke, a "wise and masterly inactivity." The
gentleman from Pennsylvania spoke with a good
deal of emphasis of the tone of hostilit y manifested
by the British press against this country; and par-
ticularly deprecated the feeling displayed towards
the State he represented.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. 1 do not depiecate it.
Mr. WINTHROP. Well, I do. I regret that
any such a temper should be manifested on either
side. The gentleman thought that this might coun-
teract what he was pleased to term an idolatrous dis-
position in some portion of the people of this coun-
try, as regarded Great Britain. Now, in his opin-
ion, if there was anything in this country worthy
ofbeing rebuked, it was the disposition to sow the
seeds of perpetual war with Great Britain, to in-
dulge in reproachcs against her, and to seek for an
opportunity of fanning the flames of discoi d be-
tween that country and this. The honorable gen-
tleman concluded his remarks with an appeal to
party feelings; and he was almost tempted ta charge
upon him a design to promote the interests of his
party, by exciting hostile feelings towards England.
It was in vain to deny that there was a disposition
on the part of the majority in the House to taunt the
, minority with subserviency to Great Britain.
Mr. W. here recounted an anecdote of a painter,
who could paint a red lion very well, and could paint
nothing else; consequently, he took every opportu-
nity of working in his favorite study. The demo-
cratic party, he said, was like this painter; they
must bring out the red lion on all occasions. On the
Maine boundary question, on the Oregon question,
the Texas question, and indeed on almost every
other question, they must have a red lion to alarm
and terrify the country.
This, he said, was not a party question; it was
one of boundary only.
Some conversational explanations were here made
by Mr. Winthrop and Mr. McConnell, and the
Speaker announced the expiration of the gentle
man's hour.
Mr. ELMER said he rose not to make a spccch,
but merely to give very briefly the reasons which
would influence the vote he should hereafter be
called on to give on this subject. Agreeing in opin-
ion .with the majority of the'Committee of Foreign
Affairs, that it is inexpedient at this time for this
House to interfere in this matter, and disagree-
ing With his honorable friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Inc.ersoi,l,] the chairman of that committee'
he was desirous, for personal reasons, to state the
grounds of his opfnion.
Reference had been made, in this debate, and on
other occasions, in yfhis House, to the treaty
of Washington, whifli settled our dispute with
Great Britain respecting our northeastern boun-
dary; and a disposition has been shown by
several gentlemen to find fault with that treaty.
That treaty, m his (Mr. Elmer's) opinion, was
a good treaty, and such he believed was the opinion
of his constituents of all parties. The administra-
tion which negotiated that treaty had acquired and -
deserved the confidence of the country by negotia-
ting it. The same administration was about to en-
gage in a negotiation respecting the Territory of Or-
egon, and a distinguished gentleman, who deserved
and enjoyed the confidence of the people, had been
selected to conduct the negotiation on our part. It
was undoubtedly proper for this House, representing
the feelings and opinions of the people, whenever
any emergency might require it, to express its opin-
ion upon such questions; but there ought to be some
very pressing reason for it. The executive was per-
fect y competent—indeed it belonged to that branch
of the government—to give the notice refened to. If
taey had confidence in the executive, why should
they interfere. That confidence there did not seem
any good reason to withhold; and unless they ou-ht
to withhold it in this matter, there was no good rea-
son why they should interfere now, on the very eve
dffficulfjr"'1011 h mayProbaWy settle the whole
Mr. MORSE said he rose merely to notice a re-
mark made by tne gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I "V , I' ^gehsoll,] which he was satisfied would
be entirely new to the people of the State of Maine
he alluded to the statement that her commis-
sioners were over-reached m the settlement of the
boundaiy question. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania said the commissioners were driven into it by
o-iCAeiy, but he (Mr ih, SE) would tell the House
.aat the people of Maine knew what they v.eie
about when they elected then- commisLiert
They elected men 01 high standing—men who worn
known throughout the State for" then mtehectual
attainments, and their moral character; and yet such
were the men, who, (having come here, mid «iven a
united assent to the treaty J they were to d tt V2
late day, had been pressed in to it by mere tricl-e" °
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said ifeTd u e d n^
such language, or he was grossly mistaken. Ho
