CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
neither said "trickery" nor "tfic&," nor anything
(Ike it; but in answer to the gentleman ftcfrri Massa-
.1 1 1-- -<■ tjie statement of the gentlemen
g
isKt na prpugni, m-i— .
Mr. MOftSE 1>'i<t lie bad not misunderstood the
gentleman. t , , ,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. And that tiicxtsf $er*
iractised, as he said, in the Senate of the United
otates. He repeated, that he was told every day,
as things went on, by a gentleman then representing
S district of the State of Maine, how things went on
^>?forp the lfegcjtistion got into the Senate. He was
told that there were means brought in to influence the
tsommissionersfrom Maine. However, as a chafenge
*1^$ been thrown .out, he, woukt now, if he had not
said so before, sty that there was a desperate a.nd a
dirty trick—he would repeat, he v/as tol'd there
was a desperate and a dirty trick practised fc'n the
governor of Maine; and that it would be exposed.
Mr. MORSE did not now understand that the
explanation altered the state of the facts as he had
before understood them. He then went on to state
■who were the commissioners, and the high charac-
ters they bore; and then proceeded to another state-
ment, as he understood it; Of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. He said they Werfe t6ld that this
treaty had received the dissent of all parties, in
Maine. That Was new to him. He happened to
be a niembferof thfe State legislature at the tiirte, and
had some little influence in electing those commis-
sioners; and he took care to ascertain vvhat \vere the
feelings of the people.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he had never made
such a remark.
The CHAIRMAN inquired if the gentleman from
Maine gave way.
Mr. MORSE said if he had misrepresented the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, he would give way
for a correction.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said the gentleman from
Maine had egregiously misrepresented him alto-
gether.
Mr. MORSE said he did not give way for a
personal altercation.
Mr. C. j. INGERSOLL explained, that he said
there Was opposition to the treaty in Maine, and a
contest who should go ahead in opposition to the
treaty; not that there was opposition after the treaty
was made.
Mr. MORSE then went on to notice Mr. Inger-
soll's remarks on the war spirit of the country, and
remarked that it could not be possible that there was
nothing worthy the energies of this people but a
spirit of war. He called the attention of the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania to the commerce
of the countiy, the internal improvements of the
country, and other things which he deemed more
worthy of the attention of the people of this country
than the war spirit of which the gentleman had spo-
ken. As to the Oregon Territory, if it were ours—
and of that he had no doubt—we shall have it; but
he could not give his assent to the war spirit which
it was attempted to excite. _
Mr. SCHENCK did not feel disposed to occupy
the attention of the House with any argument at
large on the subject which then engaged the atten-
tion of the House. lie had not the desire to do so;
nor had he so considered it as to entitle him lon^ to
occupy the attention of the House. But tins had
been spoken of as peculiarly a western question;
and as no other gentleman had risen to speak to that
point, he had felt bound to make one or two obser-
vations. He deemed the Oregon, then, as much an
eastern as a western question. Both Philadelphia
and Boston had better access to it than Ohio.
They had been informed that the committee to
whom this subject had been referred, had reported
that it was inexpedient at this time to interfere with
this matter—not that the title of this country to
O'-eo-on was given up, for that was believed to be
welfestablished. He (Mr. S.) believed this coun-
try bad a clear and certain right to that Territory of
Oregon but he did not consider that a conclusion of
of that kind involved the necessity at this time to
take a step which would be discourteous in itsclt to
a foreign nation, and which might lead to a conflict
with anv foreign nation. , .
He believed that we had the right; but, at the
same time, it was an acknowledged fact that, foi a
period of thirty y ars, we had acquiesced in a joint
occupancy: and he thought it would be i p
dally as a minister was here empowered to treat
and a gentleman had recently been appointed to fill the
place of Secretary in whom all parties had confidene
upon this question at least—to leave the matte) to their
403
negotiation' M the jttMeiif- He would put off the
evil day as long a£ p&g&bte^and, if come it must,
he woul'd venture to say that they were not the
purest patriots wfe'q made the most cfaffl&f.-
Mr. KENNE'DY twill, being from the WestJii'itfj
self, he thought he was sufficis.Mly acquainted with
1 1. ^   J h.- i i* V 1~ A lTTAtltflim A ♦' rt
were lea to Deueveuini me usmouy „w mwi uau uctu
surrendered up by the treaty of Washington, ws\s
the property of the United States; and they w6"iiM
never consent that a similar surrender should be
made in reference to this western territory. If
Maine chose to allow herself to be dismembered, it
was her (3 if ft' o-ffa'if; btrt if an attempt were made to
divest the United Sfatesf ot this western region, they
would never consent to be so dieteieivibered. He did
iiS 1 rtf^rti it a!s exclusively a! western §q4£tiStl, but
as a national bnL He believed that thfe territory
was of right ours; aria, if so, why should not Con-
gress so declare, and give notice to great Britain to
quit the possession? If they were desirous of hego-
tiating, let them do so; but let it be with the under-
standing that not an acre of ground was to be
gl Mr. "WHITE had no intention, at this late hour,
to make a speech on the subject, and would not
have said a word, hail it not beeil for one or two
sentences in the remarks of the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. IngersoIL.J
The debate had sprung up very unexpectedly to
him. No member could have supposed that on
Monday (petition day) the rules would have been
suspended, and a debate of this nature have come
up. Of this he did not complain, as a majority of
the House Jiad a right to change the order of busi-
ness; but he mentioned it to show that he was to-
tally' unprepared. He did ,hot intend, m the few- re-
marks he was about to make, to follow the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania in the wide ran^e lie had
taken. He would not follow him in his remarks m
relation to the treaty of Washington, and to Lord
Ashburton, nor what he said in relation to the title
of the United States to the Territory of Oregon. His
object, in rising was mainly to respond to one or two
sentences of the gentleman's remarks; and, had it
not been for them, he would not have said a word.
But inasmuch as the gentleman had, after going
throueh his very interesting discourse, in very much
of which he entirely concurred, m relation to the
powers of the government, and its obligations, and ,
m relation to the title to this territory, and though
attempts had been made, for party purposes, to incul-
cate the idea that there was a party in this country
disposed to surrender our claims, he repudiated it,
and repeated that there was but one opinion m the
country on that subject, and that was, that our title
was beyond dispute, and should never be surren-
dered. It was idle to talk about our title at this day.
No one disputed it; and no one, so fai as he knew,
was willing to surrender an acre of the territory.
There was, however, no such question before the -
House or the country. Did the gentleman believe
that there was a party in this country disposed to
fold their arms while Gieat Britain took pos-
session of the terrnoryr Did he believe that
there was such a spirit in the House, or that
there was a man to be found so craven, and
so careless of the rights of his country, as to be
willing to surrender this land to any foreign power'
Why, then, all this clamor as to who was for Ore-
gon, and who was not? The question before the
House was not a question of right or of title, but it
was the naked question whether the government
should, at this time, annul the article in the treaty of
1818 that provides for the joint occupancy of the
territory. That was the only question. There was
another remark he legretted as coming from the
gentleman; and that was, that Mr. Adams and Mr.
Clay °ot this country into the difficulty it was 111, in
consequence of this joint occupancy. He asked
when this principle of joint occupancy first became
the supreme law of the land. It was made m the
first term of the admimstiation of Mr. Monroe,
when Mr. Crawford, as well as Mr. Adams, was in
the cabinet; and then it was stipulated to continue
for ten years. .
It was renewed m the administration ot Mr.
Adams, when Mr. Clay was Seeietary of State; but
with a sagacious foresight, they did not agree that
it should continue, as before, lor ten years; but pro-
vided that it should cease upon a year's notice by
either party. Now he would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and the gentleman from Indiana,
where was their favorite' candidate for the Presi-
dency, Mr. Van Buren, wltt® this treaty was made?
Why, he was in the Senate of" the United*States',
and consented to the ratification. He did not invars
to censure Mr. Van Buren for this, for he believed!
that hs acted on that occasion as a statesman should
have Acme. Mr. Van Buren knew that it was Hot as
time to go to war with England; though he thought
tiud kne* tjiat Oregon was our territory. He
thought and knew that, while our population would
be continually pouring into it, that of Great Britain
would remain stationary, and thus in time we
ShftUld have a sure and peaceable possession of it-
As a sagacious, prudent statesman, Mr. Van
Buren was tVilBfig to sanction the treaty, and waive
for a time our possession, though he would not
yield any portion of ouf title. Mr. W. then wenfe
on to notice the various negotiations that had taken
place since, in relation to the Territory, and asked
why it was that Mr. Van Buren, while minister to
giigland and Secretary of State, and lastly Presi-
dent, had not insisted upon our having immediate
possession. He asked why this claim to immediate
p&ssfession had not been insisted on in General Jaek-
sonfs titiie. He did not believe that Mr. Van Bu-
ren would be disposed to surrender an inch of the
territory; but he \v'ishi& to put him on the same
platform that the gentlemtftt from Pennsylvania had
put Messrs. Adams and Clay. After some further
remarks, Mr. W. asked how this negative resolution
got before the House. Why, it got hereby the vote
Of a majority of the Committee on I- oreignf Affairs*
six democrats, and three whigs who negatives it.
The committee, in giving this vote, did not
elate that our tide to the country was questionable,
or that we should surrender any portion of it; but
simply that, when a negotiation was about to com-
mence on the subject, it was inexpedient to give the
notice to the British government that the joint oc-
cupancy mtisft cease. For one, he was ready to
maintain the position he held in the com:mittee; and
that was, though he believed our title to be beyond
dispute, arid woOld not surrender an acre of the ter-
ritory, yet Mttas not willing, on the eve of import-
ant negotiations, to tu«h mto such a summary
course of proceedings, lii was under no app e
tensions that, at this time, the try could be so
gulled and so stupified as to be ittttiA to believe, on
the eve of a presidential election, that there was any
party in the country disposed to surremfor « yMo-
tion of this territory, out of fear or attention for
E"]te spoke of the allusion to Mr. Clay's position1
on this subject, and said, judging from the life and
renowned deeds of that distinguished man, he had
no hesitation in saying that he would be where he
was in 1812, in 1820, m 1832, and at other gr at t y-
ing periods—he would be on the sale of his coun-
try where he had always heen m her days of tual
aifd of danger; and the'friends of that great states-
man, too, would be found side by side defending the
interests and honor of their country.
The SPEAKER here apprized the gentleman that
his hour had expired. , T -vtrpr rrn
The committee, on the motion of Mr. W
then rose and reported progress; and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by file members presenting
them:
Bv Mr. DUNLAP: A memorial of merchants,
ship-owners, and others of Portland, Maine, piay-
ing an appropriation to complete the breakwatei m
the harbor of that place. . . Af,
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A petition from 500
" mJA c£ ".. A P ,i« to. wo d,,..,,.
of Buffalo Grove, Ogle county, in favor of a reduc
tion of the present rate of postage, and an abolition
of the franking privilege: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. MeCLERNAND: The petition of nu-
merous citizens of Edwards county, Illinois, pray-
in" Congress to make provision for the deficieiicy of
certain school sections in said county: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. .
By Mr. CALDWELL- The petition and proot
of the heirs of Isaiah Hadon, deceased, asking
compensation for the servicer: in the revolutionary
war of the said Isaiah Hadon: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. GRIDER: The petition of Mai tin Moo-
