April, 1844,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
28th Cojvg 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
tional. I do not wish to be misunderstood; I mean
such articles as cannon, cordage, and the like,
which are requisite for your army and nayy, and
which a government should always have within its
reach at home. And this is upon the principle of
providing for the common defencc and general wel-
fare of the people, and not for the benefit of the
manufacturers of those articles.
With such variations as these exceptions would
require, our tariff should be such a one as imposes
a uniform rate of duty sufficient to raise the means
for the operations of the government only; and as
to that rate, every just consideration for the welfare
of the people demands that it should be made as low
as the requirements of an economical administra-
tion will permit; for, however invisible or insensible
this mode of taxation may appear, it is as much a
burden in fact upon them as a direct tax.
I have now stated the legitimate design of tariff
laws, and their principles of construction, according
to my views of that part of the subject. 1 have not
touched upon another branch of it—namely, that of
countervailing duties—for two reasons; one of which
is, that the present tariff law is not only styled an
act to raise revenue from imports, but it is not
claimed to be a countervailing law, and at the far-
thest only a protective Jaw; and the other reason is,
that countervailing duties are not authorized by our
constitution, under that provision of it upon which
I have before commented. If they can be laid, it is
by virtue of the power to regulate commerce.
When we shall be called upon to exercise that pow-
er, it will then be the proper time to consider its ex-
tent, and the necessity of exerting it.
The questions then remain: Is the present law
framed upon the principles to which I have advert-
ed, and does it raise a proper amount of revenue?
and if it be not so framed, and do not yield a prop-
er amount of revenue, does the proposed bill supply
the defects?
These questons do not require an extended ex-
amination here. I have already adverted to some
of the inconsistencies of the present law, and to
some of the proposed modifications. It is unneces-
sary to enlarge upon one or the other; for the friends
of the present law admit both that it is highly pro-
tective, and that the proposed bill modifies its char-
acter m that particular upon many articles. They,
however, complaiif that the icvenue principle is not
entirely adopted throughout, and charge inconsis-
tency upon the advocates of the new bill, because
they do not insist upon its being so. That is, that
we should either win the horse or lose the saddle.
I know, sir, that some articles are still favored, and
that the duties on iron and sugar, though reduced
by this bill, will still, perhaps, be too high; I say,
perhaps, because it has been ably contended .by the
gentleman near me, from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,]
that the present duty on sugar is within the rev-
enue range. Of course, if it be so, the reduction of
14 per cent, and upwards proposed by this bill will
make it more so; and sugar, both as an article of
luxury and necessity will undoubtedly bear a very
high revenue rate. It is better, however, if a ma-
jority of Congress ran agree upon a partial measure
of justice, that it should be meted out, rather than
that it should be denied altogetner. But be this as
it may, I have a higher reason for taking the
proposed bill. Onerous and unjust as the present
tariff is, partial and oppressive as its operation is, I
am not for breaking down at a blow those establish-
ments which have been brought into existence ur
kept up by it; for extreme changes in laws affecting
the industry of the country, I hold to be frequent-
ly as unjust, both to labor and capital, as a bad
law which is stable; for they may be accommodvted
to it. We should therefore proceed in this, as in
all other measures of reform, gradually, and with a
due regard to the interests which we have nurtured.
Will the proposed law yield sufficient revenue?
It is difficult, if not impossible, to determine this
question with entire satisfaction. But one thing is
certain: it cannot be worse in this respect than that
now in operation, under which the Secretary ot the
Treasury, in his annual report on the state ot the
finances, transmitted to this House at the commence-
ment of the session, estimates a deficiency of reve-
nue to meet the current expenses of the fiscal year,
beginning on the 1st of July next, at upwards of
four trillions and a half of dollars. IIis estimate is
founded on the actual receipts under the present law,
tup_ to the first of October last. It is quite likely that
'this deficiency may (judging from the increase of
the customs for the last quarter, caused undoubtedly
by the bare condition of the country of goodsj now
forced in in spite of your tariff) be reduced to three
millions. This is still a large amount to be provided
for. The most obvious means of supplying it is to
reduce the prohibitory duties, or impose duties on
the free articles, such as tea and coffee, or by both.
The new bill proposes the first. The secretary
himself says that the rates of duty "levied on glass,
particular kinds of iron, coal and sugar, are consid-
ered by many too high for revenue purposes.
Should the statistical information before referred to
exhibit such a result in respect to these or any
other articles, they will doubtless arrest the attention
of Congress." That information has been furnish-
ed, and is appended to the valuable leport of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
And what are'the results? Why, sir, as I have
before shown, we see not only commerce stagger-
ing under this tariff, but your revenue reduced,
even below the* receipts of the lowest year of the
compromise act by its prohibitory operation—not
by its low duties, but by its high duties.
The present bill imposes rates of duty higher
than the lowest under the compromise act; while it
restores them to revenue rates. It must therefore
inevitably produce larger receipts in the treasury
than the present law, as well as reinvigorate the
commerce of the country.
Under these views, Mr. Chairman, I will vote for
the present bill. With it passed into a law, we may
hope to reach a point of prosperity hitherto unat-
tained in the history of our republic. For the first
time in thirty years, we now have a soundness in
our currency which the laws of trade alone can pro-
duce, which is beyond the reach of the disturbances
of any bank power whatever, and whose beneficial
effects are already seen in the partially revived con-
dition of our trade. i\To\v, therefore, is the time—
when prices are for the most part fixed in reference
to a sound and stable currency—to remore those re-
strictions which our unwise policy has imposed up-
on trade, if we desire to realize the full extent of re-
turning prosperity.
SPEECH OF MR BELSER,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives, .Ipril 27, 1844.—
On the tariff.
Mr. BELSER remarked that, if he was not mis-
taken, there are now some four divisions among the
people of the United States on this great national
question. There is, in the first place, the open, un-
disguised, and avowed protectionist, the friend
of special bounties and privileges, the enemy
of equal rights; the advocate of the most enlarged
monopoly. There is a second class, who, though
not quite so rapacious as the fiist, go for what they
term fair and moderate encouragement to all
branches of American industry; a protection, in his
opinion, too general in its temn, to be made practi-
cable; a deceitful, beguiling policy, entiiely diplo-
matic m its character, and too much akin to the reply
of the Earl of Aberdeen to Ashbel Smith of the
legation of Texas, wherein he declares that Great
Britain would use no improper means to bring about
the abolition of slavery in that republic, leaving it to
his government to judge for itself what would be
proper to carry into effect its favorite and avowed
design of human emancipation, "not only in Texas,
but in all parts of the world." There is also a third
class, who are called incidental protectionists; the
armed neutrals*; the half-way-house men; politi-
cians who have not yet brought themselves to the
sticking point; opposed to monopolies in general,
but in favor of those in which their constituents are
immediately interested; legislators who vote ac-
cording to the views of particular districts; a kind of
amphibious annual, either for the land or water.
Tliere is likewise a fourth class, (to whose doctrines
he subscribed,) who are for raising no more revenue
than is necessary to defray the expenses of this
government, and who, while levying duties for that
purpose, have no kind ot protection in view; who
are unwilling that the interests of one portion of the
people should be fostered at the expense of another;
a party that goes for limiting the powers of Con-
gress; a party which stands firm and erect on prin-
ciples, voting for no appropriations, but what are ac-
tually necessary for national defence; interested
deeply in limiting and circumscribing the powers of
this government, and against leaving its legislation
to a wild discretion.
He had recently read an article, in which the
writer, speaking of this government as it ought
to be, assimulated it as nearly as possible to that of
Heaven. He was struck with the force of the com-
parison, and its truth and beauty must be admitted*
No one would undertake to deny that, in the dis-
tribution of its benefits, that government was besi
which most nearly approximates to the divine gW*
eminent—one wielded by Omnipotence, and which
dispenses its blessings on 110 particular class of re-
cipients, but alike unto all. We behold the rains
as they fall, and feel the dews as they descend,
■without observing the hand which regulates them;
and that powerful sun which radiates and enlivens
the universe, is not confined to individuals, States,
or nations, but is the comiiwii property of mankind.
Our forefathers, whon they formed this govern-
ment, had seen enough of human despotism ill the
examples presented by other countries to warn them
against unnecessary taxation; and in rearing up
their fabric of independence, they endeavored to
avoid these evils which had beset the pathway of
others who had preceded them in political archi-
tecture. They had not only witnessed the sunshine
of peace, but also the storm of war; and, with the
light of their experience to direct them, they con-
cluded to frane a government which was to be rep-
resentative in its character. To give it thi.o cast,
they saw the necessity of limiting its powers; and a
part, and a necessary part, of their plan, was the adop-
tion of a written constitution. In that constitution
certain powers were surrendered to the government,
to be exercised by it for national purposes—those
not delegated being reserved, in the instrument, to
the States of the Union, or to the people.
Among the powers thus granted to Coligrejs was
the one "to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the;
common defence ana general welfare of the United
States," with the restriction that "all duties, im-
?osts, and excises shall'be uniform throughout the
Inited S:ates;" and also that other power "to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States, and with the Indian tribes." He
would here observe that, if there was any 'power in
the constitution which authorized Congress to pro-
tect domestic industry, it must have its foundation
in the grant either to lay taxes or to reguhte com-
merce.
The Supreme Court of the United -States, in the
case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, (9th Wheaton's Reports,)
perhaps the most elaborate decision ever made by it.
and which will ever stand as a text-book for latitu*
dinarian constructionists, have said that the power
to lay taxes, and the power to regulate commerce,
were separate and distinct; that they were conferred
for different purposes, and are so to be considered;
that the pewer to lay taxes could not be mingled
with the power to regulate commerce; and they
have also said that the power to regulate commerce
extends to the regulation of navigation, to every
species of commercial intercourse between the Uni-
ted States and foreign nations, and anion"- the sev-
eral States; that it is exclusively vested in Congress,
and no part of it can be exercised by a State; and
that it has no limitations but such as arc prescribed
in the constitution itself. But even in this ease
tliere is>o reasoning which, under the power to reg-
ulate commerce, can authorize Congress directly to
protect manufactures. The utmost extent to which
Judge Story—another federal writer—has carried
the doctrine, is, that Congress, under the power
"may incidentally, in its arrangements for revenue,
encourage die growth of manufactures;" but he re-
pudiates the idea that, under the guise of regulating
commerce, Congress may "impose duties for ob-
jects wholly distinct from commerce." And_ the
learned John Taylor of Virginia, m speaking of the
encroachments of Congress by means of this power,
says:
Under this authoiity it has undertaken to regulate inter-
nal eichdiigra between individuals, and to destro} the free-
dom of exchanges, by conferring monopolies upon some in-
intemted to be attected -
Mwer Con"ress to make one Indian tribe ti llmtarj to an-
other: to build factories in one tribe, in older to provide
objects for an excuse, and to destioy the freedom of ex-
changes between the individuals composing the tribes.? Did
it give to Congress the same power as to foreign nations? if
foreign and internal exchanges wcie not intended by the
article to be regulated by Congress, neither were State in-
ternal exchanges between individuals intended to be regu-
lated by Congress, because the power being equivalent as
to each, the construction must also be equivalent; and the
absurditv of a construction as to two of the cases, demon-
strates the chdiacter o! the same construction as to the
third.
The power, then, to regulate, is to pre'cribs tho
(27)
