404
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dy for a pension: referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions. -
By Mr. HAYS: Two petitions, from Crawford
and Mercer counties, western Pennsylvania, for an
extension of the national road from the Laurel hill
to the harbor of Presque Isle, on Lake Erie: refer-
red to the Committee oh Roads and Canals.
By Mr, REDING: The petition of James M.
Rix and seven hundred and thirty-six other citizens
of Coos county, New Hampshire—being a majori-
ty of the legal voters of said county—praying for a
reduction in the rates of postage, and the abolition
of the franking privilege: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. The petition of
55 citizens of AshbUrnham, Mass., and 15 citizens
of New. Ipswich, N. H., praying for the establish-
ment of a post route from the former to the latter-
named plaee: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
--rY- ^r* ROBERT SMITH: The memorial of
William 'S. Wait, and 465 other citizens of Bond
county, Illinois, asking Congress to make liberal
and adequate appropriations for the improvement of
the Mississippi river and its tributaries, the harbors
on the lakes, and for the completion of the Cum-
berland or great national road. The memoralists
show the vast extent of country, and the millions
of people directly interested in the improvements
prayed for, and the importance to the whole nation,
if speedy and efficient action by Congress for the
protection of the interests of the long neglected and
suffering West: referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union, to which
were referred bills making appropriations for the
above objects.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of John Jame-
son, and 61 others, citizens of Muskingum and
Gurnesey counties, praying:
1st. A full and explicit confession of sin against
the God of the whole earth, m having disregarded
his name and authority in the federal constitution,
and by securing and protecting the African and
American slave trade by constitutional guaranties,
and slavery in the States and Territories.
2d. An acknowledgment of Jesus Christ as Prinr«
of the princes of the whole earth.
3d. An acknowledgment of the law of God as
the supreme law of the land.
4th. Such an alteration of the constitution of the
United States as shall secure and protect every per-
sion in the enjoyment of the inalienable rights of
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Also, the petition of A. G. Hall, administrator,
with the will annexed, of James Hampson, deceased,
praying for the compensation due said Hampson
for distributing money in payment of citiims due by
the United States, in the construction of the Cum-
berland road, cast of Zanesville: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
By Mr. J. W. DAVIS: The memorials of Asa
C. Whaley, and 72 others; of Abscr Goodwin, and
GO others; of Sands W. Mines, and 119 others; of
Albert Law, Wm. D. Littel, Jonathan Hail, Mar-
tin Wines, Reuben Bedwell, Win. Osborn, Thomas
Butler, Joshua Dobbins, Alexander Cleary, Thomas
Barker, S. M. Orchard, John Crook, Thomas Mc-
Calla, Jan. Blair, II. P. Garlock, Samuel A. Smith
Andrew Custy, F. C. Dunn, West C. Walker, John
Goodnight, and John W. Hynemar; with many
other citizens to each memorial, amounting in all to
between 600 and 700 citizens of the 6th congres-
sional district of Indiana, all praying a grant ofland
to extend the Wabash and Erie canal, from Terre
Haute to Evausville. Also, the petition of Charles
Scott, and 61 other citizens of Knox county, pray-
ing the same object. Also, the petition of Martha
A. Davis, and 240 other ladies of Davis county, In-
diana, praying the same object. '
By Mr. DEAN: The petition from U. A. Peak,
and 102 other persons, citizens of Medina county'
Ohio, praying Congress to extend the provisions of
the ordmance of 1787, regulating the Northwest
Territory, over the Territory of'Oregon: referred
to the Committee on Territories.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of Gouverneur
Morris, and other citizens of Westchester county,
!New York, asking a thorough and extensive survey
of t.re waters within the harbor of New Yoik, with
the view of selecting a suitable location for the estnb
Jishment of a lmvy-yard, in which to construct ar-
senals, docks, ships, basins of fresh as well as salt
water, and sufficiently extensive, not only for
present, but for the prospective purposes of the navv
of the United States, ana that a committee of Con-
gress be deputed, clothed with ample powers, to ex-
amine the*subject fully and extensively during the
next recess, and directed to report to the next session
of Congress: referred, to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
By Mr. HUNGERFORD: The petition of 123
citizens of the county of Jefferson, New York, for a
reduction of postage, and that the frankir g privilege
be abolished.
By Mr. MURPHY: The memorial of Doctors
D. S. Edwards, John S. Wily, John Haslett, and
others, surgeons in the United States navy, for the
passage of a law which will place sfirgeons and as-
sistants surgeons of the navy on the same footing
correlatively, in point of military rank, as surgeons
and assistant surgeons in the army of the United
States: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 19, 1844.
The PRESIDENT p-o tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting from the Comptroller of the Treasury,
statements rendered to that bureau of the official
emoluments and expenditures of the officers of the
customs for the year 1843; which, on motion by
Mr. HUNTINGTON was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. PORTER presented two memorials from the
State of Michigan, praying an appropriation by
Congress for the construction of a canal around the
falls of St. Mary's river; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BREESE submitted documents in relation to
the claim of Silas Chatfield, a soldier in the last war
with Great Britain, to a pension; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented two memorials from
citizens of Philadelphia, praying an appropriation
to repair and reconstruct the piers at Port
Penn, in the Delaware river. Mr. S. made
some remarks, showing how highly important it
was to the commerce of the city of Philadelphia
that those piers should be repaired; and the loss
which had been sustained m consequence of their
dilapidated condition. They were ceded to the
United States on the express condition that the fed-
eral government would keep them in repair. He
expressed the hope that the committee would take
the subject into their early and earnest consideration,
and report in favor of the prayer of the petitioners:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TALLMADGEpresented a memorial, nu-
merously signed by inhabitants of the State ofMichi-
gan; one from citizens of the State of Ohio, and one
from citizens of the Territory of Wisconsin, pray-
ing for the construction of a canal around the falls
of St. Maiy's river: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial, signed
by James P. Espy, representing that he had invent-
ed, and taken out a patent for the invention, of what
he calls a conical ventilator. From the statements
produced, it seemed that the inventor had succeeded,
by great industry, in furnishing pure air in the holds
- of vessels, and thus contributed to the heath of the
seamen, and the prevention of dry rot in the vessels:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petition from
citizens of Norwich, Connecticut, praying that a
pension may be granted Nancy Parker, the daugh-
ter of a deceased revolutionary officer, whose peti-
tion he presented yesterday referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made adverse reports in the case of the widow
of Robert Fossett, and on the petition of Stephen
Snow, for a pension; which were ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which had been referred the bill from the
House, for the relief of John McGuire, reported the
same hack, with a recommendation by the commit-
tee that it be indefinitely postponed The report
accompanying was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the memo-
rial of William A. Bradley and others, citizens of
Washington, upon the sufiject, reported a bill to in-
corporate the Washington Gas-light company;
which was read, and ordeied to a second reading
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee0 on
Commerce, reported back, with an amendment, the
bill to increase the pay of certain officers of the rev-
enue cutters whilst employed in the navv of the Uni-
ted States. - - '
IMPROVEMENTS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. KING remarked that, at his instance, the
, Senate, on the 11th of January, passed a resolution
calling upon the Secretary of War.to communicate
to the Senate all the information in that department
relative to fortifying the keys and islands around
Cape Florida, and t he construction of a railroad
across the peninsula of Florida, so as to have a di-
rect communication between the waters of the river
Matanzas, the Mosquito lagoon, and Indian river,
at the Haulover, in East Florida. .The Secretary
had made a report, which had been printed by the
order of the Senate, together with some maps show-
ing the face of that country. His object in rising
was to call the attention of the Senate to the report.
The principal part of the information it contained
was from that gallant officer, Col. Worth, which he
obtained whilst in command in Florida. The par-
ticular part to which he desired to call the attention
of the Senate, 'was that which showed the necessity
of fortifications for the protection of the keys; which,
in case we should be unfortunately involved in war,
might be possessed by some considerable maritime
power, and prove a means of great annoyance to the
commerce passing through the gulf. There was also
in this report a statement, made by a lieutenant of
the Topographical Bureau, containing valuable in-
formation as to the advantages of the location of
Key West as a military station and a harbor of
rendezvous, with a depot of stores, and the im-
portance of fortifying it. His object in rising was
simply to have the report and documents referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, with the hope of
drawing their attention to it at an early period, so
as to have something done this session. The works
contemplated were such as would subserve the in-
terests of the whole country; and there would be
none, after reading the information from the depart-
ment, or who were acquainted with that country,
but would be cominced of that fact. The appro-
priation required for constructing the road or canal
to connect the waters alluded to, so as to supersede
the necessity of passing around Capo Florida to get
into the Atlantic, if the plan suggested in the report
was adopted—ofemploying the United States tioops—
would be very small indeed. If the troops of the
United States there were employed in making the
work, the expense would be very moderate indeed.
The troops were perfectly willing to be employed in
that manner. There was a law against such em-
ployment, unless they were willing. By giving
those troops some small additional compensation,
they would execute -the work. He would there-
fore make a motion to send the whole report to the
Committee on Military Affairs, inasmuch as it was
proposed to have the troops thus employed. On an
examination of the report, if that committee should
think any portion ofit ought to go to the Committee
on Roads and Canals, or other committee, they
could move to be discharged from such portion,
with a \ iew to its new reference. The report was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which had been referred a bill from the
House for the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi and its tributaries, reported the s&nie
back, with a substitute for the whole bill.
Numerous House bills were then read twice, and
appropriately referred.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the petition of the
heirs of Charles Frederick Zeigler was ordered to
be taken from the files, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
NAVAL DEPOT AT MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE.
Mr. FOSTER madeamotion to postpone the previ-
ous orders of the day, with the view of taking up the
bill for the establishment of a naval depot, and dock-
yard at Memphis, Tennessee, but after a few remarks
by Messrs. Buf.esk and Bayird, withdrew the mo-
tlon until a document upon the subject, submitted to
the Committee on Naval Affairs by Mr. Bbeese
and ordered to be printed on the suggestion of that
committee, was laid on the tables of senators.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back without amendment. House
bill for toe relief of John Mullen, George W. Allen
and Reuben Allen. -n-ueu,
r also introduced a bill for the relief
of Wnham R. Davis, which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a bill sun-
pementary to the act entitled "An act to settle the
title of certain tracts of land m the State of Arkansas,"
