418
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
rule by which commerce is to be governed. It was
intended to fix the character of our vessels, and to
point out the mode in which they should be naviga-
ted. It never was designed to destroy commerce
by regulating it.
The doctrine of protection, if.it can be maintained
at all, must be on the power to lay taxes, or on that
other clause of the constitution, which authorizes
Congress "to make all laws which shall be necessa-
ry and proper for carrying into execution" those
powers which have been enumerated. t
Is the power, then, to protect manufactures fairly
deducible from the power to lay and collect taxes?
This clause of the constitution, which is plain in its
terms, has given rise to much subtle reasoning.
Some have contended that the powei' ""to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises," was one
power, and "to pay the debts and provide for the com-
mon defence and general welfare of the United
States," was another power. But the better opinion
now is, that they are one and the same power, and
that the grant should read in this way, (the words
"in order" interpolated:) "The Congress shall have
power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and
excises, 'in order' to pay the debts and provide for
the common defence and general welfare of the
United States." According to the first construction,
there is no limitation on the will of Congress in the
exercise of the power; the latter denied to it the
right of unlimited taxation, and confines its legisla-
tion on the subject to certain specified objects, to
wit: "the payment of the public debts," and the
"providing for the common defence and general wel-
fare." Again: to bring the power to protect manu-
factures directly within this provision of the consti-
tution, "all duties, imposts, and excises shall be uni-
form throughout the united States;" and not only is
this uniformity necessary in the laying of duties,
but they should also be laid so as, with the lowest
possible taxation, to yield the requisite amount of
revenue, and be levied as nearly equal as possible on
imports, according to that mode for raising revenue
which has been adopted by the government.
Does the right to protect manufactures grow out
of the power vested in Congress "to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying in-
to execution" those powers which have been con-
ferred on that body? The most plausible argument
which the friends of monopoly can make use of, is
based upon this grant of power; and in the case of
McCulloch vs. the State of Maryland, (4
Wheaton's reports,) the Supreme Court of the
United States has confined the operation of this
general power to cases "within the scope of the
constitution, and where the end is legitimate."
Where this is the case, say they, "all the means
which are appropriate, and which are plainly adapt-
ed to that end, and which are not prohibited, may
constitutionally be employed to carry it into effect;"
and this opinion has done more to unsettle the true
principles of this government than any other which
is now on record.
Is, then, the tariff bill of 1842 a law for "the jjay-
ment of the public debts," or is it one "providing
for the common defence and general welfare?" If
it be of this character, then is it plainly constitu-
tional. If it be not exactly of this kind, "is it
within the scope of the constitution, and its end
legitimate?" He thought that it possessed none of
these attributes. Many of the articles embraced in
it pay a higher duty than the tariff of 1828, while
there are a number of others which pay about the
same rate of duty; and among both classes many
of the necessaries of life are to be found. The
tariff of 1828 was admitted by all to be protective
in its character; therefore, it is not within the scope
of the constitution, noi one of its legitimate ends,
to adhere to the tariff of 1842, which taxes many
articles as high as the bill of 1828.
Further, this taxing power is the vital principle
of liberty. Resistance to an unauthorized exercise
of it, by our forefathers, gave us independence. It
is indissolubly connected with the national welfare;
and, when improperly enforced, public and private
distress follows closely after it. It soon affiliates
with the paper system—with a bloated currency—
with unwarrantable expenditures of the public
funds. Its baneful effects may at this time be seen
in the example of some of the States, having pro-
duced among them and their citizens the utmost
extravagance, extending their credit without check,
and, in the end, binding them to foreign capitalists.
But its ruinous operation does not stop here. It is
evidenced farther by the decline in national morals
'-~in thi injury done to agricultural pursuits-—in the j
inequality of profits made by the manufacturer and
the agriculturist. Any policy which works so
much public detriment is not to be brought; by con-
struction, within the. scope of the constitution;
neither can the end which is to be accomplished by
it be legitimate.
I come now, said (Mr. B.) to the consideration
of the manner in which this tariff of 1842 was
passed, and of the laws on the same subject which
preceded it. "With the acts of 1816, of 1824, of 1828,
and the compromise act of 1833, and the conflict be-
tween the government and one of the States, the
people are familiar. The adjustment of the difficulty
in 1833, was received as the olive branch of peace,
and out of it was expected the final abandonment of
the protective policy. The South adhered to the pro-
visions of the compromise with scrupulous fidelity.
For some nine years she bore, without complaint,
her part of this unjust legislation, buoyed up with
the hope that the period would soon arrive when
she would have an opportunity to regain her equal-
ity in the confederacy. On her part, this hope was
vain and delusive! The compromise ceased to be
the rainbow of promise. With an exhausted treas-
ury, the scheme of distributing the proceeds of the
public lands was ushered into existence: title to
the "eminent domain" was said to be in the States,
and not in the government. The fund arising from
the sale of these lands, which before had gone to
the discharge of the public engagements, was
squandered, and the bill of 1842 became a law- It
was passed in despite of the pledges given in the
compromise of 1833, and against the most solemn
remonstrance of the weaker party. It has remained
in force ever since, and now an expiring effort is to
be made to change some of its most odious features.
The bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, now under consideration, I regret to say,
recognises, to some extent, the principle of protec-
tion; but it is greatly preferable to the tariff of 1842.
It is better, because, in many instances, it dimin-
ishes duties, and is more of a revenue measure. It
will, to some extent, revive our agricultural interest,
and also our foreign trade. It will lessen the enor-
mous profit now realized by the manufacturer, and
other modifications of the bill may hereafter take
place. To vote for it is a "dernier resort;" but it may,
in the end, be the entering wedge, which will destroy
the monopoly.
But, say the advocates for protection, you are
mistaken; you are endeavoring to create a false
alarm; the tax does not fall on the consumer. Let i
us hear what Blackstone says on this branch of the
subject. Let gentlemen on this floor attend closely
to his reasoning, for it addresses itself with great force,
not only to the producers of cotton in the South and
Southwest, but likewise to the grain-growing West,
and more particularly to that portion of it which lies
most remote from the importing cities of the Union.
It clearly establishes the position, that not only does
the consumer ultimately pay the government tax,
but also the importer's ana merchant's profit; and
that he who lives farthest off from where the goods
first find their way into our markets, has the greater
duty to pay on the same, if he purchases them at
his home.
Mr, B. then read the following extract:
These customs arc, then, we see, a tax immediately paid
by the merchant, although ultimately by the consumer.
And yet these are the duties felt least by the people; and, if
prudently managed, the people hardly consider that they
pay them at all: for the mercnant is easy, being sensible he
does not pay them for himself; and the consumer, who real-
ly pays them, confounds them with the price of the commo-
dity—in the same manner, as Tacitus observes, that the em-
peior Nero gained the reputation of abolishing the tax on
the sale ol slaves, though he only transferred it from the
buyer to the seller, so that it was, as he expressed it "re-
missum ina^r. specie, quam vl quia, t.um venditor pendere juber-
etur, in partem vreh emptoribus «ccieseebat " But this incon-
venience attends it on the other hand, that these imposts, if
too heavy, are a check and cramp upon trade, and especial-
ly when the value of the commodity bears little or no pio-
portion to the quantity 01 the duty imposed. This, in con-
sequence, gives rise also to smuggling, u hich then becomes
a very lucrative employment; and its natural and most reas-
onable punishment—vi/.: confiscation ofthe commodity—is,
in such cases, quite ineflectual; the intrinsic value of the
goods, which is all the smuggler lias paid, and therefore all
that he can lose, being very inconsiderable, when compared
with his prospect of advantage in evading the duty. Re-
course must therefore be had to extraordinary punishments
to prevent it—perhaps even to capital ones—which destroys
ail proportion of punishment, and puts murderers upon an
equal footing with such as are leally guilty of no natural,
but merely a positive, offence.
There is also another ill consequence attending high im-
posts on merchandise, not frequently considered, but indis-
putably certain—that the earlier, any tax is laid on a com-
modity, the heavier it tails upon the consumer in the end;
for every trader through whose hands it passes must have
a profit, not only upon file rs.w material and his awo labor
and time in preparing it, but also upon the very tax itself
which he advances to the government; otherwise he'loses
the use and interest of the money which he so advances.
To instance in the article of foreign paper. The merchant
pays a duty upon importation, whicli he does not receive
again till he sells the commodity—perhaps at the end of
three months. He is, therefore, equally entitled to a profit
upon that duty which he pays at the custom-house, as to a
profit upon the original price which he pays to the manu-
facturer abroad, and considers it, accordingly, in the price
he demands of the stationer. When the stationer sells it
again, he requires a profit of the printer or bookseller upon
the whole sum advanced by him to the merchant; and the
bookseller does not forget to-charge the full proportion to
the student or ultimate consumer, who, therefore, does not
only pay the original duty, but the profits of these .three in-
termediate traders, who have successively advanced it for
him. This might be carried much farther in any mechani-
cal or more complicated branch of trade.
But to proceed: these protectionists contend that
protection cheapens goods, and the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Wethered] has exhibited vari-
ous specimens of manufactures on this floor, and
asks, with an air of triumph, whether such goods
cannot be purchased now, at less cost, than for-
merly? He admitted that they could. But what, he
would inquire, were the reasons for this increased
cheapness? He went on to • show that it was occa-
sioned by the local plenty of the raw material; by
the improvement of machinery everywhere; by the
change in the currency; by the reduced demand for
manufactured articles, and the consequent reduction
in ihe price of labor. This is one of the errors into
which the honorable gentleman has fallen; and in the .
language of a truly great man, "no project was ever
so poor and dark as to afford no glittering specks—
no glimmering delusions. As the isinglass some-
time found in gypsum does not constitute-its char-
acter, so a few glossy particles, sprinkling in a
widely operating system, are no proofs that it will
advance the national prosperity."
But again, say the friends of protection, you must
protect our American labor from the cheap labor of
England, and "the whole of the protective system
is a question of labor—ofthe protection of our high-
priced, full-fed, intelligent labor, against the cheap
labor of other countries." These are the remarks
of one ofthe "lords of the loom" at Lowell, interest-
ed in putting down foreign competition and in build-
ing up his own interests. Well has it been ob-
served, that "neither ambition nor avarice could ever
succeed in depriving nations ofiotfieir liberty and
property, if they did not, by some artifice, enlist the
services of a body of men numerically powerful.
The general promises the plunder of a town to his
soldiers; they take it, and he keeps most of it for
himself and his officers. These are enriched, and
the soldiers remain poor. A demagogue promises
liberty to a rabble; and, by their help, makes himself
their tyrant. And capitalists, by promising wealth
to mechanics, accumulate it for themselves, and be-
come their masters." A "Boston Merchant," who
seems to know a little about the looms of England,
and also those of America, thus meets the argument
of Mr. Appleton, "the lord of the loom" above al-
luded to. Listen to him:
Such an assertion, -when boldly and unblushingly put
forth, often carries with it the effect of an incontrovertible
truth, especially among a business people, who think their
time too valuable to be employed in studying dry statistics;
there are those, however, who are not convinced by such
an ad captandum way of settling the whole matter. Now,
as .Messrs. Appleton and Lawrence of Boston, and Schenck
of Watteawan, have all visited England, (the first named ve-
ry recently,) they can doubtless give the comparison of
wages in the cotton mills in Lancashire and the United
States. Let them give that of—
Robert Hyde Gregg, esq , late member of Parliament for
Manchester, against Mr. Schenck of Matteawan—each the
largest manufacturer of fustians in theirrespective counties.
Messis. Bayley of Staylcybridge, and Messrs. Whitaker
of Bolton, Lancashire, (large manufacturers of sheetings,
printing cloths, &c.,) against those of Lowell, in Massa-
chusetts, and Manchester in New Hampshne.
it will be found that wages are but about ten per cent,
less on the a\erageinthe cotton mills of England than
those ol New England; while in the cost ofthe staple of cot-
ton New England has an advantage m price of fifteen per
cent, at least. Wages in New England cotton mills average
about three dollars per week, each person. Wages at the
mills of Lancashire, accoiding to statements published by
Me^rs. Bayley ofthe Manchester Guardian, July, 1843, and
by Messrs. Whitaker, as reported in a late speech of Mr.
Cobden, at London, averaged eleven shillings sterling, or
two dollars and sixty -bix cent& decimal currency, pex week:
The wages ofcarpenters, bricklayers, and other domestic
artificers, as well as machinists, in Greenwich, England,
from 1819 to 1840, by published returns, was thirty-three
shilling sterling, or eight dollars per week. Will any one
say such labor is pauper labot ?
That paupor labor exists in the manufacturing districts of
England, no one denies; why it exists, but few stop to in-
quire. It is the substitution of the power loom for the hand
loom; every power loom can do at least three times the work
of a hand loom. In England, in 1820, the number of hand
teams at work ^ere 24,000; of power looms, 14,000, Q }830,
