April, 1844.
APPENDIX ,T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Behser.
H. of Reps.
the former remained at 24,060; the latter had increased to
66,000; showing an increase in the amount of work done by
the power looms, equal to the work afforded by W2.000 hand
looms. The successful competition of power against hand
looms, has reduced the earning of hand loom weavers to a
point below that of cost of subsistence; the consequence is,
that pauper labor is confined principally to the hand loom
weavers, a large proportion of whom are now old and de-
crepit. All this is corroborated in the published monthly
reports of the Rev. Geo Buckland, late missionary to the
poor in Manchester. It well for us the causes exist not here
as there; for the calamity would be equally felt in Lowell, if
hand loom weavers formed a part of its population.
After hearing this, he trusted that gentlemen on
this floor would no longer so loudly denounce the
pauper labor of England, while so earnestly endeav-
oring to bring their laborers here to the same stand-
ard,-and to that wretched state of human dependence
which had already been so faithfully portrayed by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Oiven.] That
system of taxation which, in England, had produced
so many paupers, was resorted to for the support
of her army, her navy, and her civil list, and to dis-
charge the interest on her debt—a system which he
regretted to see germinating on this side of the At-
lantic; and which, if persisted in, will ere long fur-
nish the pious abolitionist materials for a crusade in
favor of human liberty against the oppressions of
the manufacturing task-masters of this government.
But it is also said, that piotection is necessary to
insure national independence; and that without it
we would be rendered dependent on other nations
for supplies. He contended that there was a great
difference between national independence and
well-timed commercial regulations with other
countries. One of the prime objects of this
government was to establish mutual fellowship
by abolishing natural and creating civil rights.—
Mutual dependence may be seen in the conduct
of those animals who are gregarious in their na-
ture. It exists among individuals, states, and na-
tions. The market afforded by the manufacturing
States of the North is not sufficient for the consump-
tion of the cotton of the South and the grain of the
West. These sections must be allowed to exchange
their agricultural products for the manufactures of
England, with as little restriction as possible. Na-
ture's God "has stretched his continents from north
to south, and thrown oceans between them, that
man may exchange products with man in every lat-
itude, and enjoy in the highest degree the blessings
which Providence showers upon the earth."
But a protective tariff not only levies contribution
on the consumer, and reduces the prices of labor,
but it works in such a manner as to injure the peo-
ple. It makes collecting officers of all those who
have anything to do with the revenue of the gov-
ernment, and materially diminishes the amount le-
ceived from the people. Assuming that the average
rate of duties under the act of 1842 is something
like 35 per cent., and that the expenses for collection
are 5 per cent., this will fix on the people a tax of
40 per cent, on the amount which is received from
them. Further to illustrate it: Suppose the reve-
nue per annum, under the act of 1842, be $20,000,-
000; suppose, further, the cost of collecting it and
the duties amount, in the aggregate, to 40 per cent.:
this would make $8,000,000 tax and expense on
the amount, while the government would be receiv-
ing only $20,000,000.
Mr. B. further remarked that he would now en-
deavor to show the difference between a duty laid
for protection and one laid for revenue. He would
take a hat:
A hat imported into New York from England
cost - - - - - $3 00
Government tux - - - - 1 00
Cost to the importer
Importer's profit -
Wholesale merchant's profit
Retail
Cost to the consumer, if purchased
First cost when brought into port -
- 4 00
- 371
37i
 - 37j
- 5 12S
- 3 00"
Difference in first cost and tax and profits - 2 12|
This would be the operation of a tariff for protec-
tion on the article of the hat, if it was carried out;
but, being prohibitory in its character, it enables the
American manufacturer, when he sells his hat, to
pocket the §1 tax levied by the government.
Now for the operation of a revenue tariff on the
fame article;
First cost of the hat
Government tax
Cost to the importer
Importer's profit
Wholesale merchant's profit
Retail " "
Cost to the consumer
$3 00
25
3 25
37a
37 j
37s
- 4 37i
Thus it will be seen that, under the last table
furnished, the English hat, when purchased, pays a
tax to the government of twenty-five cents for rev-
enue; and that the consumer can obtain it for seven-
ty-five cents less than the American manufacture,
if it be not excluded from tlie market.
But we have over and over again heard what is
called free trade denounced on this floor. Now
what is it? Why, after raising revenue' enough by
taxing imports with an eye to that object, and that
object alone, to allow us, without any further re-
striction to trade with each other, and with the na-
tions of the world; to let us exchange the pro-
ducts of our soil for the fabrics of other countries,
without unnecessary molestation;" to leave every
interest to regulate itself, without the aid of govern-
ment, and to let commerce flow in its accustomed
channels. This, said he, is what may be called free
trade—a term perfectly understood in by-gone days,
but which the doctrine of protection seems to have
somewhat obscured.
Again: we are told that we must retaliate on na-
tions—that is, we must lay heavy duties on foreign
goods, and make our consumers pay higher for their
manufactures, because they make their purchasers
pay high for our products. In a word, that, because
Great Britain thinks it proper to tax the products of
this country to an enormous extent, therefore,
we must pursue towards her the same course of
policy, even if it should operate harshly on the ag-
ricultural interests of the South and the West. The
law of retaliation, as it existed under the Mosaic
dispensation, has long since been abandoned. "An
eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth," belongs, at
this day, to man iri a savage state; and even with
the Indian tribes it is nearly exploded. Such a con-
tention among nations, if persisted in, must end in
the destruction of the rights of man. Nations must
depend on each other for supplies. That they
should, has been ordered by an all-wise Providence;
and it is out of human power, for any length of time,
to reverse its decrees. As free trade increases, to
the same extent must retaliation be abandoned.
The arguments used by the protectionists to sup-
port and sustain their false system of political econ-
omy are various. In their strides after power they
are as changeable as the chameleon. Mr. B. said
his time would not allow him to examine their rea-
sons in detail. He would merely state them, leav-
ing it to others who thought with him, to refute
them. They assert that we can find everything at
home which are need for our comfort, and therefore
we should not cross the ocean in pursuit of articles:
that in those periods in [which we have had no
tariff for protection, that we have done no work for
ourselves, but concluded to pay England for what
we could produce in our own country, to the bene-
fit of our laborers and citizens generally: that we
allow England to purchase our raw material from
us and then send it back to us, burdened in price;
and that the price for manufacturing, shipping, and
reshipping, we must pay; and that by their plan we
would avoid this expense: that we are willing to
protect English labor, English capital, and English
manufactures, to the exclusion of out own : that
when we buy English goods under the opeiation
a revenue tariff, we buy from a market whicli can
afford to sell cheaper than our own, without protec-
tion to American manufactures; and that instead of
paying our money to the manufacturers of this coun-
try, we pay it to England; and that if free com-
petition is allowed, the English can undersell them,
and they will be forced to quit the business: that
to buy English goods' is to drain our country of
specie; but to sell our cotton and grain for cash, and
bring it here, instead of goods, is to add to our
general prosperity, and eventually to render us in-
dependent of other countries: that if we sell our
cotton and grain abroad, we are certain to purchase
more than we sell, and in the end will be ruined by
it: that protection means to take care of ourselves;
and that a close attention to this, has exalted Eng-
land in the scale of greatness: that when we have
a home market, we have the means afforded us of
speedy sales, afld, to a great extent, are relieved from
the expenses incident to sales in foreign markets!
that by increasing the number of workers in Amer-
ican manufacturing establishments, we produce an
equilibrium in labor, which results in an increased
demand for agricultural products at home by the
withdrawal of a part of American labor from the
soil.
Was there ever (said he) such a system of reason-
ing before? Were ever men driven to the same
shifts to maintain their monopoly? And these are
the arguments which are addressed to the South
and the West to induce them to believe that protec-
tion to the manufacturer is protection to the agri-
culturist. The history of human delusion cannot
furnish its parallel in folly.
But we are pointed to the change in public opin-
ion on this subject. Sir, (said Mr. B.,) it is the
worst sign that I have witnessed. It is sufficient to
convince all disinterested men that the "times are
out of joint." If it proves anything, it proves the
progress of corruption, which is growing up under
this special legislation. It shows that the brighter
days of the republic are about to be eclipsed, and
that the period may not be for distant, when liberty
will have to shed tears over the apostacy of her
satellites, and when ice will have to mourn over
what would seem to be the inevitable destiny of all
human institutions. It is not the second sober
thought of the people. It is the result of combina-
tion. It is the progress of a system, which is tri-
umphantly to ride over the plundered yeoman of
this country. It is to spread desolation in its wither-
ing career; and finally, it is to make the plebeian bow
to the patrician's girdle.
Mr. B. continued, by saying that he had recently
read a synopsis of whig principles, addressed by
Mr. Clay to the multitude at Raleigh, in the State of
North Carolina. It contained nine distinct avowals,
each of which he proposed to examine:
"1. An honest and economical administration of
the government."
This proposition was an excellent one. It should
be responded to by every lover of his country; and,
if faithfully carried out, would supersede the neces-
sity of several others, stated by Clay.
"2. A sound currency of uniform value."
This currency the American people now have,
without the aid of a government bank. Exchanges
were never better regulated than at present. The
paper system has been brought down to a whole-
some standard. There is no longer any induce-
ment to abandon steady pursuits to engage in the
wildest speculations. We see no cities springing
up, as if by magic; no ploughman deserting his
field to speculate in town lots; and men are content
to pursue steadily those professions which will af-
ford them fair remuneration for their services. For
the present, this branch of monopoly is suspended,
and can only obtain new lite by the success of the
friends of protection and the prostration of demo-
cratic principles.
"3. Fair and moderate, but certain and stable, en-
couragement to all branches of industry."
This presents a very fair exterior, but it cannot
be reduced to practice. It is beyond the power of
man to make the earth yield the same profit to the
agriculturist as the manufacturer now makes. The
most lucky of the farming class do not make more
than $180 to the hand, while the manufacturer real-
izes something like £300 for the same amount of la-
bor. But the inequality which exists between the
agriculturist and the banker, in this respect, is still
more striking; for, while the agriculturist, with la-
bor, cannot make 8 per cent, on his capital invest-
ed, the banker can realize his 24 per cent, on every
$100, without labor. It is beyond the power of
man to protect agriculture to any extent, for it is the
foundation upon which every other interest rests,
and is regulated alone by Omnipotence. You have
not the Dower of controlling the seasons; neither can
you preserve the fruits of the earth from the vio-
lence of the tempest, or from the ravages of the worm
or the the caterpillar. No; for the protection of ag-
riculture you are dependent on that God who con-
trols all things, and whose blessings fall both on the
just and the unjust.
"4. Peace and union—peace, as long as it can be
preserved with honor; preparation for vigorous war
when it is inevitable; union at all hazards."
Yes, peace say all, while the inestimable blessing
can be enjoyed consistent with the character of a
free people. But when we see Great Britain at-
tempting to bring almost every nation in subjection
