Congressional globe.
^Ms.
approved August, 1842; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
The Seriate then resumed the consideration, as in
committee of the whole, of the bill to make a grant
of land to aid in the improvement of Fox and Wis-
consin rivers, and to connect the same by a canal.
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and to insert the following;
viz:
"That there be, and hereby is, granted to the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, 320,000 acres of land for pur-
poses of internal improvement; to be selected and
located in the same manner, and to be subject to the
same limitations, restrictions, and conditions, as are
prescribed in the 8th and 9th sections of the act, en-
titled "An act to appropriate the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, and to grant pre-emption
rights," approved September 4, 1841, except that
the land heieby granted shall not be deducted from
the 500,000 acres granted prospectively, by that act,
to each new State upon its admission into the Union.
Mr. ALLEN said he had stated, in the early part
of this discussion, that be did not intend to oppose
the passage of the bill from any disposition of hos-
tility towards the Territory of Wisconsin. He had
likewise stated that, in a case properly made out,
and standing upon sufficient reasons, be would wil-
lingly vote a donation of the amount of land pro-
vided for in this bill; and then, if needed, double the
quantity. As an earnest, or rather as an evidence,
of the sincerity of this declaration, he submitted to
the Senate the amendment which had just been read.
The bill before the Senate was originally reported
by the Committee on (he Public Lands. It wns re-
ported 111 such a form as to compel the gentlemen
who reported it themselves to move its recommit-
ment to that committee for the purpose of amend-
ment. It had been returned to the Senate, and
amended time and again, until he believed there was
scarcely a single feature of the original bill now to
be found upon its face. As it now stood, it pro-
posed an appropriation by the federal government
tor the purpose of executing a public work in the
Territory 01* Wisconsin ; hut that appropriation, in-
stead of being in money, (the usual form of appro-
priations.) wns an appropriation of a particular fund
of money, to be derived from the sale of public
lands. 2\ow, if this bill should pass, he desired to
know—and he called upon those who were charged
especially with it to answer the question—what
would become of this work if it should not be
completed before the territory became a State.-1
Would it still lie the property of the federal govern-
ment? If so, would the federal government go on with
the execution of the work? or wen Id it become the
property of the State? And, if so, where was the
provision in the bill for this change of owner-
ship? These questions had not been answered
except by the imperturbable silence of those who
proposed the bill, and wished to pass it without, he
thought, sufficient consideration.
We were told that this bill must be passed in its
present particular form, because there was not time
to dispense with its passage until -the Territory of
Wisconsin could be consulted; that this work must
be commenced and executed immediately; and,
therefore, it would not do to consult the Territory
ou the subject; and that the work must be com-
menced and catried through by the agency of the
federal government. Permit him to say to the Sen-
ate—and he invited attention to the declaration he
was about to make—if this bill should pass, not one
single pound of earth would ever be removed under
its operation; not a single stroke of the work would
ever be done; and that, for the obvious reason that
it was impossible to sell these lands in the wilder-
ness at $2 50 an acre, at this time, and especially in
time to execute the. work. He desired to call the
attention of the Senate to some very important facts
connected with this bill, in order to show who were
to be benefited, and who were to be injured by its
passage. And he now declared, in his place—and
he charged it as being the inevitable effect of the bill,
if passed—that it would be to benefit speculators
alone, and to injure deeply the very people it pro-
posed to benefit. He would now proceed to make
that declaration good. There had been maps of
this river-route made out at the land office, giving,
in the form of colored squares, all the lands that had
been entered upon these rivers. There was at the land
office a list of names of persons by whom these entries
had been made; and now he would exhibit to the Sen-
ate these maps, in order that senators might see, if
hey would, what they were about to do. He knew
hat this matter had been so frequently and so long
before the Senate, that it was almost impossible
to obtain attention to such a subject. The Senate
had become wearied and fatigued, and would prob-
ably allow itself to be blindly led into a decision
by which it was proposed to do the deepest injus-
tice to an unoffending people, and to inflict an injury
which reached evei-y solitary man within the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin.
He should proceed now, to show in what the in-
jury consisted. He had just obtained the official
map of this country, giving the course of these
rivers, and here it was: [Here Mr. A. held up the
map, tracing with his finger the line of canal con-
necting the waters Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and
Lake Winnebago.]
But this appropriation of land was not only to
cut a canal a mile and a half long, but likewise to
the clearing out, and making clear the navigation of
both these rivers. By this bill it was proposed that
the alternate sections of land in the whole of this
line, 240 mite, should be granted. He would like
to know what becomes of the other alternate sec-
tions under the present state of affairs. In the first
place, permit him to say, that all the lands which
had been entered upon those rivers, had heen enter-
ed by land companies, who resided in New York,
and other Eastern States. These lands were en-
tered during the inflation of the paper currency 
most of them by large companies, immediately in
the beginning of the settlement; and these compa-
nies, when they found the lands would not com-
mand even the government price, now proposed
by this bill (he did not mean that it was the design
of the senator who had introduced it, but the de-
sign of the land jobbers) to do one of two things:
either to compel the people of Wisconsin to pay
$2 50 an acre for their lands, or to pay the
government $2 50, if they cut this canal
to connect Fox and Wisconsin rivers. So that if
the bill pass, no citizen of Wisconsin could enter
one foot of land in that whole extent of 240 miles,
without giving twice as much money as he could
this day get the land for. What was the effect of this?
When the bill passed, every acre of land 011 the
whole route (240 miles) would stand by law at the
fixed price,$.2 50,except the lands of those specula-
tors. The consequence was, the speculators alone had
it in their power to let the people of Wisconsin pur-
chase these lands by paying $2 instead of $2 50 an
acre. That was precisely the state of the case.
The best portion of the lands on this route were al-
ready entered, How were these lands located? and
what was the course of the stream?
[Here Mr. Allen exhibited a map of one town-
ship, of six miles in extent, which he held in his
hand, and called attention to the fact, that all the
land entered on the line of the canal and riv-
er was entered by companies, and those m the back
portion were by settlers.]
This was a specimen of the condition in which
the lands were held along the line of the proposed
improvement. The Senate would see the course of
the river, and see that the entries on the course of
the river were made by the land companies. The
portions colored showed the. lands entered.
[Here Mr. Allen held up another map of a town-
ship six miles square, showing that the lands were
entered on both sides of the river by those compa-
nies. Also a map showing numerous other entries
by those companies, immediately on the banks of
the river in every instance.]
The Senate would observe that these entries were
made, in most cases, on one side of the river, and
he would explain that directly.
There were but three reserved townships, on the
whole line of 240 miles, where some of these en-
tries had not been placed. Why was it that there'
was in some places a whole township in length
where no entries had been made? He would ex-
plain that to the satisfaction of the Senate. He d«-
sired that the Senate would look to the matter a mo-
ment. We were about to grant land on a line of
about 130 miles of a river, to which the Indian title
was not yet extinguished—to which this gov-
ernment had no title—lands of course not sur-
veyed—lands which were not subject to entry
by the citizens, or by anybody else. That
was the case. From the very point where
the canal was to be cut, on the western side
of Fox river, to Green Bay, a distance of about
130 miles, of Indian lands, with the exception of
about six miles, made by the bend of the river.
That explained why it was, that upon these colored
maps we found so extensive ft length upon which
no entries were made, because the lands were not
surveyed; because the Indian title was net extin-
guished. Therefore the United States had no pdwer
at all to make a grant of that portion for any pur-
pose, comprising a line of 130 miles on the western
side of Fox river, extending to Green Bay, with the
exception of about six townships on Lake Winne-
bago. In order to show the Senate that what he
had stated as being the probable result, if it had not
been before ascertained, he desired to have read a
memorial which had been addressed to the Con-'
gress of the United States by the legislature of Wis-
consin—and that memorial was a curiosity. He
found in a report made by Mr. Howard, from the
Committee on Public Lands, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, in 1842, acontroversy arose between the
canal company and the Territory of Wisconsin, and
that controversy had this for its object. On the part
of the people of Wisconsin, the Congress of the
United States was asked to annul a grant of land
made to the Territory 'before.
Congress granted to the Territory of Wisconsin
about 140,000 or 150,000 acres of land; but made
the grant for the specific object of having the pro-
ceeds arising from the sale of these lands applied to
aid the canal company in cutting the canal from the
interior of the State to Milwaukie, a distance of
about 40 miles. It was granted on the condition
that the land should not be sold for less than £2 50
an acre, (exactly the condition of this bill,) ana was
made when there was an inflation of currency—
when many people were anxious to enter land. And
what was the result' The Territory of Wisconsin
undertook to sell this land at $2 50; but could not
succeed in selling more than 2,000 acres, and that on
ceedit. Thus the result was, out of the whole grant
of 140,000 acres of land, they were enabled only to
realize $13,000.
They undertook then to borrow money by pledg-
ing the land, and succeeded in borrowing but $1,000.
Finding then that the canal project had fallen
through, the Territory of Wisconsin addressed a
memorial to Congress, praying Congress to adopt
one of several things: They prayed it, in the first
place, to release these purchasers from their bonds, -
and to let them take the land at $1 25. They pray-
ed Congress, in another place, if it would not do
that, to annul this grant and repeal the law by
which this 140,000 acres of land was granted to the
Territory. And what was the ground upon which
they based this memorial? They said that, under
the grant of land, with the condition requiring $2 50
an acre, it was an injury to the Territory. The
people could not enter land, and would not pay that
price even if the land were sold on credit.
For these reasons it was that the people of Wis-
consin would be deeply prejudiced by the passage
of this bill, because it cut all the people off from this
240 miles of water course, or compelled them to pay
$2 50 an acre for land—just double the price of land
now. But the, effect would be, that not a single
acre of this land would be sold at the government
price—$2 50 an acre by the passage of the bill.
By another clause, it would be found that the
lands reserved by the government would be taken
from the market, and the people would not be al-
lowed to purchase them at all; and in addition to
that, it was a limitation that when they came into
market, they would exact $2 50 an acre from the
citizens for them. Never did a scheme bestow
greater benefit on land speculators than would be
conferred by this bill, if passed in the shape in which
it then stood.
Speculators had entered nearly 50,000 acres of
land on the banks of the river, in a territory in which
population was advancing, and that territory now a
wilderness—that river traversing the territory and
connecting the waters of the North and South—lake
Michigan and the Wisconsin river; and speculators
had entered 50,000 acres of land on this stream;
and after that, Congress must come in and double
the price upon fhe "alternate sections reserved for
sale. Not only does it double the price, but takes
one-half of the whole amount out of the market al-
together; thus compellingtlie people, nolens volens, to
buy of the speculators. There would not a dollar's
worth be sold except what was held by the specula-
tors; because the people could not, and would not,
give S2 50 an acre for land. So that there never
would be a dollar received to commence this work
with. The speculators would sell theirs just below
the government price; and thus recover from the
ruin in which they were overwhelmed by the revo-
lution of the paper-system.
