April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Haywood.
Mi
Senate.
ages," for one he was ready to give up the con-
gressional frank altogether. Sure he was that, with-
out it, the experiment could not succeed. Even
■with that surrender, he had very strong doubts of
its success. He more than doubted its success upon
the plan of the bill undercensideration. He desired,
however, that the attention of the Senate might be
drawn tn some other points of objection in this part
of the bill under discussion.
First. There was an invidious distinction made
by it between members of Congress and deputy
postmasters. The latter were stripped by it of all
privilege to frank letters, though it had been shown
how the former were hardly abridged in theirs. The
deputy postmasters, no matter how trifling their
compensation, (he thought about half of them got less
than §100 per year,) were to be denied that privilege,
whilst the Congress, who had taken it from them,
preserved, if they did not increase that privilege,
among themselves.
Second. The senators from New York, represent-
ing a population of two and a half millions of
whites, were allowed to correspond with no more
of their constituents than the senators from North
Carolina, whose population, white and black, free-
men and slaves, did'not exceed 750,000, and whose
free while population did not number more than half
a million! So of other States. This was grossly
unequal. The privilege itself could not be defended
for a moment, except upon the ground of making a
senator's correspondence with the people, free and ex-
tensive—whereby it was, in fact, a privilege to the
people, and not to the senator. But this reason for
it at once became a pretext, by this sort of limita-
tion to the privilege.
Third. A member of the House of Representa-
tives, too, was entitled, by the bill, to as extensive a
correspondence, free of charge, through the public
mail, though he represented a single district only, as
a senator was, who represented the whole State. This
was so unequal, that he hoped the Senate would not
themselves become the authors of such an alteration
of the law. He would not undertake to state by
anticipation the occasions when a conflict between
the two branches of Congress might make it neces-
sary to regret the change. They would at once oc-
cur to the mind of a body like that he was address-
ing.
Fourth. Other officers of the government, he said,
would be permitted by this bill to frank their letters by
their oxen endorsement. They might write "official"
upon them, and they would go through the post, ac-
credited by that endorsement, as free; and yet, by
the 9th section, a senator must needs go to the Post-
master General for his stamps! And again it would
be observed that, although a senator might frank
documents, by his own endorsement, the thing was
to be altogether different with his letters. Why so?
He did not find it easy to perceive how it could be
safe to confide the one privilege to senators, but not
safe to intrust them with the other; whilst he found
it impossible to believe that senators were less wor«''
thy of being trusted to frank their own letters than
other officers were. It was true, this bill would
make a change, but how was it any amendment of
the law? The abuses complained against might still
be practised by a false endorsement of documents.
He believed that the abuses heretofore practised had
been chiefly practised by forwarding as documents
what were not documents; and he had felt no little
misgiving that legislative reports, under this new sys-
tem, would become more diffuse than ever, and that
politicians would manufacture "public documents"
for the mere purpose of advancing party schemes,
instead of directing and enlightening the national le-
gislature. The Senate would decide whether the
tendency of things was not in that direction al-
ready; and they must say how far it was necessary
to encourage and promote it. He, for one, held it to
be a very strong objection to this part of the bill,
because it manifested an unwarrantable distrust in
our own honor—a distrust not consistent with jus-
tice, or with that respect which Congress ought to
show at all times to itself—a distrust not practised
towards the other officers of the government—a dis-
trust which involved the absurdity of refusing to
senators the privilege of franking their letters with
their own hand, lest they might abuse it, and yet suf-
fering them to frank sealed packages of printed mat-
ter, as documents, at their pleasure, and without limit,
though they could as easily abuse one privilege as
the other.
Mr. H. said that these were the objections he had
risen to state; and he might stop at these, by ex-
pressing the hope that "some amendment might be
made to the bill which would remove them. But
he would proceed to state his opinion upon this bill
in other respects, without waiting for another op-
portunity to address the Senate.
Mr. H. said he did not by any means profess to
be well acquainted with the whole subject. It was
one which nobody could understand thoroughly
without experience. But as the bill had been urged
upon the consideration of the Senate against the ad-
vice of the department, and he had felt it a duty to
examine it as far as the imperfect means in the
reach of the Senate enabled him to do it in so short
a time, ifit pleased the Senate to hear, he would con
tribute to their consultations the results of his inves-
tigation, partial as it had been. Though a dull
topic for a speech, it was a very important bill.
The bill then (Mr. H. said) proposed to reduce
the post charges to 3 cents for 30 miles and under it;
5 cents for 100 miles and under it; 10 cents for 300
miles and under it; and 15 cents for all distances
over 300 miles.
From a hasty computation he had made, it had
been ascertained that, upon the 24,000,000 of charge-
able letters which reached the mail, and according
to the tables attached to the Postmaster General's
report, (supposing that there was no increase of the
number of letters,) these rates of postage would pro-
duce the following results, or very near it:
1st. Upon letters sent 30 miles or under, the post-
age will be reduced, and there will be a loss to the
post office revenues of 50 per cent., or $123,780.
The letters must multiply in number one hundred
percent, to make up that loss!
2d. Upon letters sent over 30 and under 100
miles, the postage will be reduced, and there will be
a loss to the post office revenues of $378,650.
The letters must multiply in number 110 per cent,
to make up that loss.
3d. Upon letters sent over 100 and under 300
miles, the postage will be reduced, and there will be
a loss to the revenues of the post office of $460,000.
The letters must multiply in number about 75 per
cent, to make up that loss.
4th. Upon letters sent over 300 miles, the postage
will be reduced, and there will be a loss to the rev-
enues of the post office of $491,000.
The letters must multiply in number more than
65 per cent, to make up that loss.
If he had not made mistakes in these calculations,
therefore, the aggregate loss to the revenues of the
department would be more than one million four hun-
dred thousand dollars. This was more than a third
of its whole revenues. To supply this, there would
have to be an increase of nineteen millions of chargea-
ble letters! The Postmaster General had informed
the Senate that the whole of the letters (including
franks of all kinds) sent through the post office did
not number more than twenty-seven millions, and
that the chargeable letters numbered twenty-four
millions.
He put it to the common sense of the Senate
whether an increase of nineteen millions was prob-
able? And must not the department be thrown upon
the general treasury for its support? Senators might
disavow the purpose of doing this with whatever
earnestness they please, there were the facts; and
the consequence he had pointed at seemed to him
not only probable, but unavoidable.
And what would be the end of it' The fatal step
could not be easily retraced after it had been once
taken. Congress never could be brought to increase
the post charges again. This department once put
to nurse at a general treasury collected by indirect
taxes, would never be weaned. Its operations
would become more extravagant, and more inti-
mately blended with the schemes and influence of
party and of faction; and he verily believed it must
very soon degenerate into the most corrupted de-
partment that ever existed in tJieAmeiican govern-
ment, unless he might except the department of In-
dian affairs. In making this remark, however, it
wa.- due to truth and justice, and to himself, to say
that he did not design to impeach the men who now
occupied the chief offices in these departments. He
believed they were honest men. His mind was di-
rected to a system, not against the persons who
served the country in this or that place; and let the
Postmaster General be who he might, now or
hereafter, only turn him upon Congress for his
supplies out of a general treasury—let him be
obliged to look to Congress alone for the means
of conducting the operations of his department, and
every senator knew that the inevitable effect of it
would be such as he had suggested, and that the
means of ^ corruption would multiply as ita un-
soundness increased.
Mr. H. said that the friends of the bill had de-
nied that it would throw upon the general treasury
the charge of supporting the Post Office Department.
They were mistaken in that. If they were right,
then from what source would that immense addition
to the people's correspondence flow in, so as to fill
up the emptied coffers of the department? The
whole revenue, it would be recollected, was about
four millions and a quarter, newspapers and
pamphlets included. Without an addition of cor-
respondence, it had been shown that that revenue
must fall off at least a third. "Whence was this ad-
ditional correspondence to comer Had the advocates
of the bill succeeded in pointing it out to the Senate
with reasonable certainty? The Committee of Post
Offices had, indeed, attempted it by a general argu-
ment—by instituting a comparison between the pop-
ulation of this country and that of Great Britain, and
because the United States had a white population of
a fraction over one-half the same kind of population
in Great Britain, it had been assumed to be impossi-
ble that there could be "the immense disparity in
the epistolary correspondence of the people of these
two nations;" which disparity, however, there ap-
peared to be in fact by the official reports of their
respective departments. With all deference, Mr.
H. thought this was hardly an argument. It
was not only assuming the matter at issue without
proof, but it was going a step beyond that, and as-
suming it against ascertained facts.
The records of the British goverment had shown
that there were about eighty millions of letters
sent through the British post in 1838 under their
old rates of high postage. These records had like-
wise shown that, in 1842, under the uniform post
rate of one penny for each single letter delivered
through the inland mail, there were about two hun-
dred and four millions of letters sent, (counting
double letters for two, triple letters for three,
quadruple letters for four, &c., as Mr. H inter-
preted their tables.) The records of the United
States had shown that there were only twenty-seven
millions of letters (franks of all kinds included) sent
through the mail; and of these about twenty-four
millions were unprivileged or chargeable letters.
Such were the facts!—facts arrived at, not by con-
jecture, but by th.e certainty of mathematics. The
"epistolary correspondence" of "the people of Great
Britain, therefore, exceeded the "epistolary corres-
pondence" of the people of the United States by a
much greater ratio than the population of the former
exceeded the latter. , Such was fact—ascertained fact!
And would the Senate assume that this was "impos-
sible," and therefore proceed to revise the law of the
American post office, contrary to the advice of the
department and against the experience of the gov-
ernment ever since its establishment? Nothing, he
thought, could be more fallacious than the reason-
ing by which these theories of the committee had
been enforced.
To prove that the correspondence of the United
States bore a larger proportion t& (hat of Great Britain
than the returns alluded to had shown to be the
case, that committee had compared the population of
Great Britain, viz: 26 millions, with the white popu-
lation of the United States, viz: 14 millions.
Mr. H. said he had looked a little into these com-
putations. In the first place no allowance had
been made by the committee for the important fact,
that Great Britain derived an immense addition to
the revenue of her post department, and to the num-
bers of letters delivered through the British mail,
from all the rest of the world—her foreign postages.
All Europe, all America, all the world contributed
to make up that correspondence! In the next place,
the committee had not included in the population of
Great Britain, the people of her colonies and depen-
dencies—neither British, nor America, nor the
Indies, &c., nor any part of the British domain be-
yond the "Island!" Had it been done, perhaps the
committee would not have considered it so utterly
"impossible" to believe the facts as they appeared
by the official returns of both countries.
That the population of a country furnished no safe
basis of calculation upon such a topic, would be appar-
ent if a comparison had been made between the pop-
ulation and mails of England and Wales, Scotland,
and Ireland, each with the other; or if a like com-
parison had been made between the population and
mails of one State of the Union, with those of
another State.
Mr. H. then showed that Ireland had a popula-
tion of eight millions; Scotland a population of
