4 22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Haywood.
Senate.
two millions and a half; whilst the number of letters
delivered through the mails of one of these countries
was no more than equal to the number of the other.
(See the tables.) The population was nearly as four
to one, and the correspondence equal—viz: about
450,000 letters per week, as officially returned to the
British government. That the population of Eng-
land and Wales was to that of Ireland as sixteen mil-
lions to eight millions; yet the number of letters in
the formed were reported at three millions and a
quarter per week, and the number of the latter re-
ported at less than a half millisn per week. The
population two to one, but the correspondence more
than seven to one. The population of Scotland was
to that of England and Wales as two millions and
a half to sixteen millions; and the number of letters in
Scotland were less than half a million per week, to
three millions and a quarter of letters per week de-
livered through the English post. The population
was less than one to six, but the correspondence as
one to seven.
These inequalities existed in a country where the
same laws, the same administration, and a common
government regulated the whole subject; and they
were conclusive upon the point, that population
did not afford any safe criterion by which to esti-
mate the probable or comparative correspondence of
countries. He then showed the same thing by
comparing the population and postages of New
York with those of North Carolina; and the same
comparison was made between Massachusetts and
North Carolina. In the case of New York, her
white population was five times the white popula-
tion of North Carolina; but the post collections in
the former were about fourteen times those of the
latter. In the case of Massachusetts, her white popu-
lation was to that of North Carolina as one and a
half to one; but the post charges of Massachusetts
were as five to one of those collected in North
Carolina. He was sure that the same was true of
all the other States; but he would not waste his own
strength, nor wear down the patience of the Senate,
by a multiplication of these illustrations. Senators
could easily pursue the subject for themselves. He
forbore to go into statistical details, which were al-
ways tedious, on the commerce, productions, and
trade of the different countries, and a comparison of
these with their post correspondence, and must con-
tent himself with making the general remark that he
had no doubt senators would find, upon a fair trial,
that that process of reasoning or of investigation
was as fallacious as the other; and, therefore, that
the committee's comparisons of the exports and im-
ports of Great Britain with the exports and imports
of the United States were inapplicable, and the in-
ference they had deduced from them was logically
false. Hence he stated that there was little or no
reliance to be put in the general conclusions (or he
would rather say assumptions) by which it had been
supposed to appear that there was a probability of
this great increase to American correspondence, to
supply the deficit in the post office revenues. He
did not mean to be understood as doubting the fact
that there were many letters sent to correspondents
out of the mails. It was so everywhere. It always
would be so. There was nothing in this bill which
could, or would prevent it. If at all, the evil would
be remedied by this bill very partially indeed—cer-
tainly not to compare with the deficiency it created
in the revenue. The committee, however, had urged
this measure upon a calculation of some new sources
of revenue, which they had specified. These he had
examined with candor. It had been said, then, that
the privileged coirespondence, or franks, were to con-
stitute a resource nearly equal, if not quite equal, to
the deficit. Mr. H. had no manner of doubt that
they were deceived in this; and he thought that it
was susceptible of the clearest demonstration.
Recollecting that the officers whose franks were to
be abolished by this bill were the deputy postmas-
ters and the. executive officers of the government, he
would, for the time, admit that as many letters would
be written after the frank had been abolished as theie
were before. Then suppose deputy postmasters
and others, who have heretofore abused their priv-
ilege, would hereafter write as many letters paying
postage as they had done heretofore when the let-
ters were free, what would the number of them be?
How many letters that, were privileged heretofore
would thereby become chargeable hereafter? The
answer had be'en furnished inthe tables of the depart-
ment; and that answer was, that the whole number of
letters mailed by deputy postmasters in a year was
one and a half millions ail told, and the post charges
PR them; at th« old ratesj did not exceed $220,000;
that the whole number of privileged letters mailed
by the other officers did not exceed one million per
year, all told, and the post charges thereon at the
old rates did not exceed $145,000.
This was a meagre supply for a deficiency of
one million and a half of revenue, or to make up the
additional number of nineteen millions of letters!
Had the bill provided for a total surrender of con-
gressional franks, the Senate might see at a glance
that even then there would be a want of many more
letters—a lack of much more revenue. A deficit
greater than one million of dollars would still exist.
Mr. H. said he had presented the subject in this
form as the very strongest possible view of it in
favor of the bill; that he had admitted, for the
sake of argument, that all the letters which had been
privileged under the old law might be written,
mailed, and paid for, under this bill. Nobody, how-
ever, believed that it would be the case. And first,
as to deputy postmasters: they had heretofore
sent through the mail one and a half million of let-
ters a year. The senator from Maine [Mr. Evans]
had supposed that at least one-half of these letters
were sent to editors on account of their subscribers,
&c. Another large proportion of them (say one-
fourth) were official returns of mail arrivals and
mail departures, quarterly and weekly returns,
accounts, way-bills, &c. &c.; that by this bill the
newspaper correspondence would cease, or nearly
so; that such letters were provided for in a special
clause, by which circulars, &c„, might go any dis-
tance for one cent! They would hereafter go in that
form, or not at all. The returns and other official
letters of these deputy postmasters would be made
to the Postmaster General, and this bill franked all
such letters, together with the replies. And from
all this it was evident that the franks which had
been taken from deputy postmasters could not ex-
ceed three or four hundred thousand letters a year;
the post charges of which could not exceed, under
the old rates $40,000 or $50,000, and under the rates
of this bill, one-third less, viz: between §20,000 and
$30,000 a year, instead of $220,000! In this
connexion it might be asked, what mighty burden
upon the Post Office Department would be removed
by depriving deputy postmasters of their frank?
There were 13,800 postmasters; and the aggregate
amount of their privilege, so far as it was personal
to the officer, had been shown to he under $30,000.
This was less than three dollais a head! It was
all that many of them received for their services as
postmaster; and the government might expect them
to resign at hundreds of country offices. In
very many of the villages where they were com-
pelled to keep their offices open day after day, it
would be next to impossible to keep fit men in the
service under this bill. But whether that should
turn out to be so or not, the petty saving of $30,000
would do precious little towards replenishing the
exhausted treasury of the department.
In the next place, if that were the cose with
deputy postmasters, so it would not be otherwise
with the other officers of government. The com-
mittee seemed to think it might, but the. facts
again refuted their conjectures. What were these
facts? The committee had reported that the whole
number of privileged official letters did not exceed
one million per year. Suppose that they would all
be written and sent as heretofore; then they would
be paid for as chargeable letters out of the contingent
fund of each department, as this bill provided.
What was that but charging the department upon
the general treasury?
The bill only took the cost out of the contingent
funds, but the general treasury supplied the contin-
gent funds. It thus appeared that, whilst senators
in words deprecated the policy of charging the
general treasury with the cost of the Post Office
Department, they had reported a bill which in re-
ality did that very thing. But the amount of these
charges for official letters could not approach to-
wards making up the deficit. It had been seen that
the number of official letters was one million a year.
The estimate included those which would be still
franked by this bill, but he would not deduct them.
He left them to count for such of those letters as
might be double, triple, or quadruple. Then the
amount of post charges at the old rates on these
letters had been reported at $145,000; at the rates of
this bill, one-third less, viz. about $100,000. Mr.
H. said it might be doubled os tripled, and still there
would be a mighty difference between that amount
and the million and a half of deficit in the revenues
of the department.
The sources of increased correspondence, and
enlarged collections of post charges, to which the
committee had made either a general or specific
reference, having been thus examined, he desired to
inquire if there was a senator present who believed
that these sources would supply all the means which
a reduction of the rates (as had been shown) must
withdraw from the department..
That the Senate might not be wearied longer by
these calculations, he would proceed to another'
view of the subject. Nobody could, shut his eyes
upon the fact, that this fury for "cheap postages,"
and all this clamor for an "experiment" m that de-
partment, had originated from the late experiment
of the British Government. The British penny-
post system, however, had not realized the expecta-
tions of its friends there. If it had, the present at-
tempt to copy that system did not retain a single
one of the leading characteristics. The main fea-
tures of its British system, commonly called "Mr.
Hill's plan" of penny-postage, as recommended by
its projector and adopted by Parliament, (contrary
to the advice of the department there, too,) each
and all of which were deemed to be indispensable to
its success, were these, viz:
1. Payment of postages in advance, or else dou-
ble postages.
2. Charges for all matter sent through the post,
without discriminations between printing and wri-
ting, or books and letters.
3. The uniform charge of one penny (or 2 cents)
for each half ounce weight, of a letter or packet—1
penny being the lowest denomination of money in
that country, and the very least sum that a mail
pays for anything where the service is not gratui-
tous.
4. The abolishing of all sorts of franks.
5. The payment of postmasters as salaried officers
out of the general treasury of Great Britain.
6. The payment by government for all its corre-
spondence, whether foreign or inland, at the same
rates individuals paid for theirs.
7. The charge for foreign letters at a rate of post-
age averaging forty-five or fifty cents per letter!
But senators know, 1st, that this bill did not col-
lect postages in advance. 2d. It did not charge for
pamphlets and other printed matter the same as let-
ters. 3d. It did not establish a uniform rate of post-
age for all distances, nor charge by weight. 4th. It
did not abrogate the privilege of franking altogether;
but, as he had shown, that privilege was still to be
retained by members of Congress and some others,
5th. It still paid postmasters by a commission upon
the receipts of their offices, and not by salaries out
of the general treasury. 6th. Though the govern-
ment was to be charged with a part of its corre-
spondence, yet lie had shown that the amount
would fall short of $200,000, whilst that of the Brit-
ish government was many times that amount! 7th.
This bill did not establish any system of foreign
postages. How then, he asked, could it be expect-
ed that the plan would succeed here, even if it were
true that "Mr. Hill's plan" had succecded in Great
Britain? If senators would turn their attention
to the volumes of evidence taken by Parliament
before they ventured upon their experiment of
cheap postages, they would he struck with the har-
mony of opinion amongst all the witnesses upon the
point, that the characteristic, features of the system
to which allusion ln<d been made were indispensable
to its success, and especially the uniform penny
rate, and the total abolition of all privileged letters,
and the charge for pamphlets, &c. the same as let-
ters!
Mr. H. said the multiplication of the number of
letters was very great under the penny-post sys-
tem of Great Britain; but it was a mistake to sup-
pose that the increase was attributable to the re-
duced postages altogether. It had been computed
beforehand that the number of letters would in-
crease six-fold; yet it had not been so large by more
than one-half. The tables reported to Parliament
showed that, in 1842, the whole number of letters
sent through the post was two hundred and four
millions. As he understood the document, this
number was reached by counting a double letter for
two, a triple letter for three, &c.
Each one of these letters paid one penny postage,
as inland letters, which of course only produced
$4,187,000 revenue. The official accounts of the
British government showed that the whole revenue
for that year was $7,200,000, making the difference of
$3,113,000; and that, he supposed, was therefore
the amount collected for foreign letters.
The/oreigm postages in 1838, before the new sys-
tem commenced, were under .£'300,000, or about
