May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff'■—Mr. Hubard.
H. of Reps
£900,000. So the postages paid fay the government
in 1838 appeared to have been <£45,000; but the
amount in 1842 was <£'113,000.
From these tables it appeared that the whole num-
ber of inland letters had multiplied two and a half
for one—viz: from eighty to two hundred and four
millions; yet the same tables showed that the gov-
ernment postages had increased in the same ratio;
and so had foreign letters nearly as much.
In respect to this large increase of inland let-
ters, the friends of the experiment had assumed
that it was the result of cheap postages. But the
same increase it seemed had occurred in foreign let-
ters, on which the postages were very high. And
what produced that result? The same increase had
taken place in the government letters and govern-
ment postages, and no one would pretend that the
government wrote any more letters only because
postages had been reduced. Mr. H. did not doubt
but correspondence had increased to some extent by
diminishing the postage, still he had heard nothing
to explain away these tables; and,.if correct, they
-proved beyond cavil that there must have been some
other causes for this increase which were common
to public letters and private ones, to cheap postage
and dear postage, to home letters and foreign ones.
The number of inland letters having multiplied
from eighty millions in 1838, when post charges
were high, to two hundred and four millions, when
inland letters paid a penny for postage and no more,
the friends of the experiment had confidently ask-
ed how else that increase came to pass? The
means of investigation in this country were limited,
and his answer might not be conclusively satisfac-
tory, but he would endeavor to suggest a reply to
that inquiry, for the precise accuracy of which how-
ever he could not vouch, in the absence of more de-
tailed statements from the English post office by
which it might be more fully tested. Such tables he
had not been able to get; but the conclusions seemed
to his mind legitimate, and the facts as far as they
went were taken from authentic English publications,
and were at least sufficient to demand caution and
care in the Senate. The increase of the inland
chargeable letters, then, after 1838, (he said,) might be
accounted for, in a great degree, from causes there
which did not operate towards the creation of a sim- j
ilar result here. I
First. There were, he believed, 471 peers, and j
658 members of the House of Commons, who, be-
fore 1838, had been entiiled to frank letters—viz: 25
letters each to and fro per day. This was equal to
1,129 multiplied by 25 per day—to wit: 28,225 per
day; and that would be equal to 28,225 multiplied
by 365 per year—viz: 10,302,125: more than ten
millions!
It had been ascertained by the Post Office Depart-
ment of Great Britain, that these privileged letters
were so generally double and triple that those ac-
tually sent through the post averaged about to
I; and therefore the whole number of their letters,
counted as single ones, provided the Lords and Com-
mons had exercised their privilege to the uttermost,
would have exceeded 25,000,000!
The truth wa3, that the Lords and Commons did
not send, before the privilege was taken away, more
than about four millions of letters per year—equal
to about ten millions of single letters! These con-
stituted a part of the penny-post letters after 1838,
and aided to make up the increase to 204,000,000 of
chargeable letters.
Second. The English rates of postage before 1838
were high—very much higher than the American
rates. Unlike the American law, he believed that
pamphlets, printed circulars, periodicals, and books,
were charged like letters; and the expense of mail
transportation partially excluded them from the post
of England, under the English law before 1838, and
until the introduction of their penny-post plan. In
a country like England, it was a moderate calcula-
tion to put pamphlets, circulars, notices of mer-
chants, traders, &c., proof-sheets of book-publish-
ers, periodicals, books, and the like, at one-fourth,
and perhaps at one-half of the mail matter of that
country, (counting it by weight,) since the price of
transmission and delivery had been reduced to one
penny for each half ounce weight, carried to any and
all distances, great or small. At one-fourth, there
would be an account of .50,000,000, and atone-half
an account of 180,000,000, of the increase since
1838.
Third. The local penny-post of London was pe-
culiar to that country; and the United States had
nothing of the kind. It prevailed before 1838, when
the charge was reduced from two pence only to one
penny. It had been admitted, and perhaps ascer-
tained, by an actual count, that between 15,000,000
and 16,000,000 of this increase of letters occurred in
that small district alone—that system furnishing a
cheap and easy method of communication from
house to house, and from office to office. This so-
lution had not been offered to the Senate as a demon-
stration that the diminished postage did not increase
correspondence, but only that it certainly did not
operate alone, and probably not to such an extent as
had been supposed. He left the Senate to judge,
without going into further details. He did so to
avoid being tedious; though the longer and closer
the investigation of the subject might be, the more
various would be the causes discovered in England
and the English plan for an enlarged correspond-
ence, which had no application to this country, or to
the plan of this bill. It might not be unimportant
for the Senate, before they adopted the experiment
proposed here, to recollect that the English experi-
ment had reduced the revenues of their post estab-
lishment from $11,000,000 or $12,000,000 in 1838,
to $7,250,000 in 1842. 2d. The former revenues of
their inland postage alone fell from the sum of
$9,000,000 or $10,000,000 to a little over $4,000,000,
unless the tables had misled him ir, the calculations
already submitted to the Senate. 3d. The present in-
land postage of Great Britain did not pay the ex-
pense of managing the department; and without
their foreign postages, the post office establishment
would fall in debt yearly. In a word, the thing had
failed there, as it would certainly fail here.
If all these things were not so, they appeared to
him to be true; and he should be glad to hear the
committee point out the errors, if errors had been
committed in his calculations.
Mr. H. said he was willing to legislate in favor of
cheap postages, but not so hastily—not upon mere
conjecture—not without more thorough investigation.
He'would say, let the Postmaster General cease to be
a party cabinet officer. Let him be (as he ought to
be) the head m*m of that business department; and
Congress would soon learn to confide in him, and,
instead of perpetually railing, to uphold his depart-
ment, and to rely upon his advice and profit by his
experience. Let him digest a scheme for furnishing
letters to people who had correspondence through
the mail at the very lowest prices they cost the gov-
vernment to transport them. So long as letters were
delivered for what it cost the government to carry
them, lie maintained that postage was cheap. But
as for beginning a crude system under the head
of an administration of the department who had pre-
dicted its failure, and when he would probably go
out of office in a few months after it started, he
thought it unwise; and he saw nothing to come of it
but bankruptcy to the department and confusion in
the mails and post offices of the country, and per-
manently charging that department upon the general
treasury. As far as this bill proposed to prevent
private expresses, all he said of it was that the evil
would never be cured by penalties. The witnesses
examined before Parliament concurred m the opin-
ion that no exercise of power that was not tyranni-
cal, and liable to an abuse even greater than the evil it
was proposed to remedy, could prevent it altogether
there. It was idle to attempt it by forfeitures of
money, to be collected by the suits of common in-
formers. If that were so in Great Britain, it was
more so in the United States, where there were twen-
ty-six separate governments. The laws of the Uni-
ted States had better be vindicated in the courts of
the United States. Offenders had better be made
liable to indictment, and power given to the judge to
fine and to hold to security for good behavior after
the first conviction. The United States attorneys
might, in such a case, attend to the matter, and cul-
prits would risk more than they made by violating
the law.
SPEECH OF MR HUBARD,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives, Jtlay 1, 1844—
On the tariff".
Mr. Chairman: Having on a former occasion
given my views at large on the tariff bill which
passed m 1842, I propose now concisely to state
my reasons for desiring to repeal the existing lasy,
and to substitute the bill now under consideration in
its stead. In doing so I shall advert to the effect of
a protective tariff on manufactures both here and in
Europe. Upon an examination, I daresay we will
perceive a great deal not only in direct opposition to
the position taken by those in this country who ad-
vocate high protective duties as being most condu-
cive to all of our national interests, but as being es-
pecially necessary to a wise and extensive develop-
ment of manufactures. I think it will be found that
a healthy and prosperous condition of all the great
departments of industry and enterprise can best be
accomplished by leaving each branch to rely upon
the intelligence and enterprise of our citizens, unse-
duced by any indirect system of bounties on the
one hand; and on the other, that neither the one nor
the other should be required by legislative enact mem
to pay tribute to foster another, to its own detriment
and ruin; for wealth is not created by the enact-
ment of laws. Whatever avocation is most profit-
able, or required by the exigencies of the communi-
ty, the sagacity of the people will detect and duly
appreciate. Whenever the circumstances of a
country, aided by the genius and spirit of its citi-
zens, induce them to prefer certain branches of in-
dustry as being most conducive to their interests,
they will certainly carry out their convictions, un-
less some obstacle intervenes to thwart their inten-
tions. As agriculture, manufactures, and commerce,
are usually admitted to be the three great depart-
ments of enterprise and industry, they have most
frequently been taken under the guardianship of
legislators. But these patrons are unmindful of the
fact that, whenever they attempt anything of the
sort, they only change the natural course of things,
and attempt, by law, to make that branch of business
profitable that was before deemed a losing one, and
to make those branches unprofitable that were at
first deemed most thrifty. Thus, at a great deal of
tiouble and expense, they legislate to induce the
people to abandon those pursuits which they con-
sidered most judicious, and to embark in others
which were thought least desirable. But to suc-
ceed in this, undue advantages are extended by law,
so as to induce the community to embark in it. One
of three motives must prompt leading politi-
cians to countenance this policy of directing the
masses in their daily employment: it must
either proceed from some erroneous view of
the causes operating on the people, inducing them
to neglect certain branches of industry, or from illv
digested theories about the mode of remedying such
supposed defects. If from neither of these consid-
erations, then we may infer that some peculiar inter-
est may be the moving principle. Those who main-
tain that the people have not sufficient capacity for
self-government, might consistently pry into these
things, and undertake to indicate, by law, what the
nation should do, and impose burdens on their old
avocations, and hold out premiums to tempt them
to embark in new employments. Certainly this
policy is not in accordance with democratic doctrines.
But suppose, from identity of interest, any number of
politicians undertake to extend undue advantages to
their particular interest, by the force oi at aw whicu
is so trained as to levy contributions from all those
engaged in other pursuits: ought such a selfish, op-
pressive, and unjust system to be countenanced by
a people with themsel\es equally free and indepen-
dant?—nay, equally interested in seeing the laws so
enacted, as to leave the enterprise and industry of
the countrv free from all burdens and exactions,
except those directly imposed for defraying the ex-
penses of government? Those taking limited or
imperfect views ofv things, more frequently, when
clothed with power, use it capriciously than wisely.
So too, we find selfishness, as readily as imbecility,
leading manking from the path of rectitude, inat
calculations of profit and interest sluuld stimulate
the manufacturer, when he calls on government for
high duties on imported goods, we are constrained to
believe. If hish duties confer no advantage, why
does he ask them? If my benefit is conferred, ho w can
be done, except by diminishing the competition by
keeping out foreign goods? Why does he desne to
keep out foreign goods? Why, because they cyi
afford to undersell him. Then a taufl, to be b-meti-
cial, must, check the imports into the country. 1 Ins,
then, diminishes commerce. A diminished cosu-
merce must, of necessity, either caus" a decline m
the price of our staple productions, oi el;e a diminu-
tion in the quantity sent to market, lhtu we ma
that the high duties imposed to benefit manutaetiires,
can onlv be made effective by cutting down the for-
eign commerce of the country, and along with it 'he
value of our agricultural staples. In this way en.pyii-
cism sets to work to protect American labor against the
"pauper labor" of Europe. But how is it accom-
plished? Why, by reducing the Itco great prosper-
ous branches of labor and enterprise to indigence.
order that the third may thrive; not, ho
