28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX 'FHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, The Tariff—Mr. Hubarxl.
May,lg44.
H. of Reps.
the guidance of the plain common sense of the
country, but as wealth and capital may direct. In
1824, when the system of high duties was com-
menced, we find speculative men or ambitious poli-
ticians leading off; and now we find capitalists suc-
ceeding as the advocates of a doctrine founded in
folly, and supported from selfishness, and sustained
by the most, shallow devices. If the protective tariff
policy is the true doctrine, I ask .gentlemen on the
opposite side to explain the remarkable facts stated
by Mr. Hume, in his recent report to the British
Parliament 011 that subject. In his report, made in
1840, Mr. Hume observes, that "your committee, in
investigating the subject as to the amount of duties
levied on the plea of protection to British manufac-
tures, have to report that the amount does not exceed
half a million sterling; and some of the manvfactu-
vers who are supposed to be most interested in retail-
ing those duties, are quite willing they should be
abolished, for the purpose of introducing a more lib-
eral system into our commercial policy."
This will doubtless surprise some of our warm
high tariff advocates. In the United States, we may
lay it down that at least two-thirds of our revenue de-
rived from imports are paid upon what are ter.ned
the ■protected American aiticles. W may say that,
at the close of the present fiscal year, at least
$14,000,000 of our revenue will be received upon
what are deemed the protected branches of manufac-
tures. But Great Britain only receives about
$2,000,000 on the same account; yet that country,
with her enormous public debt, pauperized and
starving population, is not only held up as a model
worthy of our imitation, but our laws protecting
manufactures produce results which throw her im-
measurably in the background. But Mr. Hume
states another fact, more remarkable thau this. He
observes that the manufacture of cotton in Prance
has been an unprofitable business, though very highly
protected; but that the manufacture of silk has, on
the other hand, been very flourishing, with very
moderate protection. In addition, it is stated that
while France protects the cotton manufacture in
every conceivable way, yet the amount exported is
trifling; but the silk manufactures have been pro-
tected by a duty varying from 13 to 15 per cent,
only; yet four-fifths of the whole silk goods she
produces are exported."
Ai;am: the report observes "that the cotton trade
in England is the least protected of our trades; that
it was, in foot, a persecuted trade in its origin; that
taxation was levied upon cotton goods in the interest
of the woollen trade; that cotton manufacturers
have been, throughout, the advocates of free-trade; yet
the development of that, trade in England is perfectly
unexampled." This report of Mr. Hume contains a
great deal of valuable information. In it we find
good hard, common-sense opinions, advanced with
clearness and force. These short extracts speak
volumes against the protective policy. But we hold
that American data is fully as intelligible, and more
conclusive on this point. I invite the attention of
the committee to a few:
Extracts from Albert. Gallatin's report t,o the House
of Representatives, on the subject of American
manufactures, April 17, 1810.
The following manufactures i>re carried on to an extent
Winch may bo considered adequate to the consumption of
the United State*, the fotei^n articles annually impoiiod
being in value than those of Jhneiiam manufacture, he-
longing to ilie same general class, which are annually tx-
ported, viz:
Manufactures of w ood, or of Much wood is the principal
material.
I eather and manufactures of leather.
,^oap and tallow candles.
Spermaceti oil and candles,
flaxseed oil.
Hcfined sugar.
Coar?c earthern v. are.
Snutij ehocoidte hair powder, :md rvKt.ird.
The following branches are fh inly  ^t./blished, supplying, ia
se\eral instances, the greatei, rind, iii all, a consi'.lerihle
part ol the consumption of the I nited states, vi'/:
Iron and manufactures of uon.
Several manufactures of hemp.
Manufactures of cotton, wool, find flax.
Gunpowder.
k Hot«.
Window-glass.
Fapci, printing types, printed books, play in? card*.
Spirituous and malt liquors.
Straw bonnets and hats.
Jewelry and clocks.
Several manufactures of lead.
Wax candle0.
}• rom this imperfect sketch of </2mericc?i manufacturer, it
may, with certainty, be inferred that their annual product ex-
ceeds one hundred and tiveuty miUiojis of dollars.
No cause, indeed, has perhaps more promoted, in evpry
Respect the general prosperity oftheLTiutpd States, tha^the
.absencc of those systems of internal restrictions and monop.
oly, which continue to disfigure the state of society in other
countries. No law exists" nere, directly or indirectly, con-
fining man to a particular occupation or place, or excluding
any citizen from any branch he mav, at any time, think
proper to pursue
Industry is, in every respect, perfectly free and unfettered;
every species of trade, commerce, art, profession, and man-
ufactures, being equally opened to all, without requiring
any previous regular apprenticeship, admission, or license.
Hence the progress of America has not been confined to the
improvement of her agriculture, and to the rapid formation
of new settlements and States in the wilderness; but her cit-
izens have extended their commerce through every part of
the globe, and carry on. with complete success* even those
branches for which a monopoly had ucietofore been consid-
ered essentially necessary.
The sa?ne principle has also accelerated the introduction,
and progress of manufactures, and must nltimatelv give, m
that branch* as in all others, a decided superiority to the cit-
izens of the United States over the inhabitants of countries
oppressed by taxes, restrictions, mid monopolies.
This is a document of great interest, and of the
highest authority. Mr' Gallatin asserts at that
early day, that iron and manufactures of iron, man-
ufactures of cotton, wool, flax, several manufac-
tures of hemp, hats, gunpowder, and window glass,
besides a great variety of other articles, were then
firmly established, supplying in several instances the
greater, and in all a considerable, part of the con-
sumption ef the United States." These facts de.
serve our maturest consideration. But he also com-
puted the annual value of our manufactures as with
"certainly exceeding one hundred and twenty millions of
dollars." It will be remembered that our tariff laws,
from 1790 up to 1810, did not average over 15 per
cent., if so high. The tariff was then confined with-
in strict revenue limits, yet it was deemed amply
Frotective for all wise and salutary purposes. Now
propose to call the attention of the committee to
some short extracts from Seybert's Statistical Annals
of the United States, pages 59 and 61:
Total value of exports from the United
States in 1790 - - - $19,012,041
Ditto in the year 1807 - 108,343,450
Increase in 17 years - $89,331,409
This presents a vastly interesting view of our
commerce in the pristine days of the republic. By
looking to the tables of imports, w>- find that they
kept pace with the exports. Gentlemen may at-
tempt to weaken the force of these facts by allusions
to the continental wars, but they cannot impair
their reality. Though we have 110 exact data, that
I am aware of, giving the facts, yet we may take, it
for granted that, at the close of our revolutionary
war, our domestic manufactures were, of very limit-
ed extent. But under the wise rule, of our fore-
fathers, and long before "associated wealth" had
usurped the place of fair play and honest industry,
we find our exports in .seventeen yours increasing
four hundred per c-cnt., and our imports increasing
also at a similar rate. Not only do we know this to
be the fact, but then our manufactures, and all
branches of business, were cqally thrifty, and all the
great interests of the country progressed not
only harmoniously, but most prosperously. The
country was exempt from the fluctuations and
strife caused by our country's adopting the
exploded Chinese restrictive policy of the
monarchical governments of Europe. Just as
reason, honesty, and the welfare of mankind 111
Europe were sundering the ligaments imposed by
the cupidity of capitalists on the labor and industry
of those ancient dynasties, time-serving or selfish
politicians must fasten those, antiquated doctrines of
monopoly upon the individual energies and free
citizens of this country, and attempt to rule this
"land of the free and home of the brave" by odious
monopolies, based upon associated wealth; for what
is a tariff to protect manufactures but a tax imposed
on labor and consumption for the benefit of capital.
Who on this floor proekums how much higher
wages the working people now annually receive
than they did the ten years before the passage of the
tariff bill of 1843? The cry is, Give us a tariff to
protect our labor against the pauper labor of Europe!
But all we now hear of is the enormous dividends
received by those who own the capital employed in
manufactures.
1 propose, for a moment, to review the state of
our manufactures and commerce, since the date of
Mr. Gallatin's report, enjoying all the benefits
which high protection could afford to either under
the tariff acts of 1816, 1824, and 1828. It was
stated by a distinguished member, Mr. Randolph,
in a speech in the 27th Congress, that our manufac-
tures at that time, in the aggregate, amounted to
about $420,000,000. Some have exceeded that
Bum, and others have estimated them at less. But
we will take his calculation of $420,000,000, as be-
ing an approximation sufficiently near the exact
point to answer for illustration. Now, we find, from
estimates made at the Treasury Department, that
the average annual exports of domestic pro-
ductions for the four years preceding 1843,
were $104,195,560. "VVe find, then, that manu-
factures, with all the benefits arising from the
stimulating principles of high protective tariffs, have,
nevertheless, only increased since the date of Mr.
Galla'tn's report about 260 per cent.; and this, too,
during an interval of thirty-four years; while our ex-
ports of domestic productions, during the same pe-
riod, have only increased 59 per cent. Can
any candid or enlightened mind, not blinded
by interest', or stultified by prejudice, contrast
these facts, exhibited during the existence of
high protection, and the legitimate fruits of it,
with those I have already mentioned as char-
acterizing the prosperous condition of our' com-
merce and manufactures under Presidents Wash-
ington and Jefferson, and fail to perceive that* the
high protective policy has repressed and diminished
the wealth and resources of the country? From
1792 up to 1810, under a moderate tariff, all of the
great interests of the country marched on unob-
structed in their career of prosperity. But under the
hot-bed, high protective policy, the money-changers
and capitalists flourished, though, in the mean time,
the productive energies of our people flagged; and
our giant strides made from 1792 to 1810, were
forced to assimilate to the tardy, crippled pace of old
England.
I will now advert to another view of this subject,
not less interesting, but perhaps better calculated to
expose the enormity of the protective-tariff policy.
Casuistry and special pleading may attempt to evade
the force of the illustration 1 am about to present.
But, sir, a tariff of protection either grants no boun-
ty, or it grants some bounty, to the manufacturer.
If they are not benefited by the law, why are they
so pertinacious for its continuance? If it confers
any benefit, it must be effected either by keeping
out competition, and thus continuing present prices,
or else by so obstructing imports as to enhance the
price of the domestic article. To deny that prices
are not kept up by it, is to deny the reason they urge
for passing the bill. For their strong argument in
favor of protection is, that foreign articles made by
cheap pauper labor can be introduced, and sold in
this country at rates which the American manufac-
turers cannot afford to sell at. Common sense an,d
common honesty must see and admit, then, that the
design and effect of a protective tariff is either to
keep up or enhance the price of our American
manufactures. I propose, by the following tables,
to show how a tariff of protection operates to op-
press the great body of the producers and eon-
fumers, by levying on them an enormous indirect
iax, which enures solely to the benefit of the manu-
facturers. This I shall exhibit by a table, em-
bracing only four articles 011 which a duty is: supposed
to be imposed of 50 per cent., which is thought to
be under the average of the existing law. 1 shall
first indicate the value of each of those four
protected articles, made in the United States,
and place under the aggregate sum the, prob-
able amount levied on the community by
the tariff, in the shape of enhanced . prices,
so as to exhibit the modus operandi of the sys-
tem of indirect taxation, unjustly imposed on the
community, to pamper that too long and much fa-
vored interest.
In the next place, 1 will call attention to the table,
giving the value of those four protected articles usu-
ally imported into the United Suites, and the amount
of revenue which it may be supposed the govern-
ment would receive 011 "those importations. From
this table, it will be seen that a duty of 50 per cent.
011 those four articles would only raise, from the im-
portation of them, $15,603,599 of gross revenue for
the support of government, while the manufacturer
would, by the operation of the same law, receive, in
the shape of enhanced prices, $41,947,089. But
gentlemen may contend that any given duty will
only increase the price a third or a fourth of the.
amount of duty imposed. Even then, under this
system, the manufacturers would exact from the
community a sum vastly beyond what might be col-
lected 011 similar imported articles by the officers of
government. Precisely as any branch of manu-
factures approaches to maturity, and acquires more
and more ability to supply our home consumption,
should the rate of duties be diminished. First, be-
