May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Hubard.
H. of Reps.
appeal with confidence to the fact, that most of the article*?
upon which additional duties, levied by the tariff of 1828,
have, since that time, considerably fallen in price; and then
thev argue that it must be so. by the excitement of compe-
tiliin m the market. It is certainly contrary to the natural
course of things, that an addition to the cost should be a re-
taction of the irice of an article. True it is that the duty
gi\ es a spur to the production of the articlc at home. 1 he
price of any article in the market must alwaj s depend
upon the rclat>ve condition of the demand and supply,
at the time and place oi\ale. But slight variations of time,
or place, affect often, to a vcrj great extent, the relative
proportion of the demand and supply, and, consequently,
the price of the article No safe conclusion can be drawn-
from the fact, that, subsequent to the tariff of 1823. the
prices of the articles upon, which the duties were then in*
creased, have fallen, unless, from other circumstances, it
can be 'shown that the increase of the duty was the cause
of the toll m price; nor will it be sufficient, tu piove >o
$h-an%e a paradox, to account for it by the evciteraent of
compe'ition. Wherever there is a profitable market, there
will be competition. Had the tariff of 1828 never been en-
acted, the competition in our markets would have been
as great, and would have been as effectual to reduce the
prices, as it has been with the a%g?-aiation of duties. In
that competition our manufactures might not, indeed, have
shared; but it would have existed in all its force between
those who furnished the supply, and could not ha#e failed
to rcduce the prices to the level of the moderate profit ne-
cessary to the existence of the trade.
But the duty upon the articles imported from abroad,
(/tabled the domestic producer to enter into competition
with the importer from abroad. So long as this competition
continue*!, the duty operates as a bounty or premium to the
domestic manufacturer. But by w hom it is paid? Certainly
by the purchaser of the article, whether of foreign or of
domestic manufacture. The duty constitutes a pait of the
price of the whole mass of the article in the market. It is
substantially paid upon the article of domestic manufacture,
as well as upon that of foreign pioduction. Upon one it is a
bounty; upon the other a burdm; and the repeal of the tax
must operate as an equivalent reduction of the price of the
article,* whether foreign or domestic.
The incidental effect of competition in the market, ex-
cited on the part of the domestic manufacturer, by the ag-
gravation of dutj upon the corresponding article imported
from abroad, to" reduce the price of the article, mus-t fie
transient and momentary. The general and permanent effect
must fie to increase the price of the article to the ex'ent of
the additional duty, and it is then paid by the ton witter. If
it were not so—if the general effect of adding to a duty were
to make the price of the articles upon which it is levied
less, the converse of the proposition would also be true;
and the operation for increasing the pricc of the domestic
article, would be to repeal the duty upon the same aiticle
imported—an experiment which. the/? lends of our internal
industry xviU ?<,->/ be des-irovs of iTiahtnx."
These are the views of a gentleman who boldly
avows his opinions. Will any advocate of protec-
tion- undertake to refute his arguments, or contro-
vert the justness of his conclusions? I challenge the
advocates of the modern day to join issue with the
veteran Ajax Telamon of their party. I might dis-
miss this subject after the citation of this conclusive
authority on the subject from the chairman of the
Committee on Manufactures. But on this point, as
on the others, I beg leave to introduce a few facts.
In the first place, the merchants now admit that
there has been a decided advance in the price of goods,
since the passage of the tariff act of 1842. Having
seen a table in a leading commercial paper of high
repute, and being edited in our great commercial
emporium, it may be taken as satisfactory authority
on the subject. As its facts contradict the doctrine
now seriously advocated by the tariff party, I must
call attention to it, for one fact is worth a great
many plausible speculations.
Prices of domestic goods last spring, present prices, and
rise per cent.
Description of
gouds.
Ticking—
Amoskeag B
do A
- do AaA
York
Drillings, brown—
Perkins: Dwlght
York, fine
Indigo blue dril'gs
Plato prints
do
do
Fa n'y p'ts ,3&4 c ols
do
do
Mixture*, eotton-
ades and oil kinds
of> ammer staffs
fcattiivtt" -
Printing cloths
Description of
goods.
Printing cloths
Bio sheetings—
7-8 Boston
Massachusetts -
Lawrence E
C hickopee D
Cabot A -
Lawrence O
[!l1,Ble'd sheetings—
Cabot C -
Great Falls S -
LiwrenceH
do O
do A
do B -
Dwight A
Mornmac B
New York Mills
Iltnd "5-4
Flannels
fcr
E.
£
%
1
c
|
f"
u
£
«
~J4
6}
39
4j
<n
37
6
64
25
6
6'
y
•26
26
6A
§2
31
4
8£
31
•6£
%
30
35
6
29
6|
85
30
0:-.
u\
10
16
8V-10*
24
8
19
]'.!>
1
14
12
11
I15
!
11
36
A en- Yoik, January
N. 6 That the low prices of last spring paid
the manu-
facturers, is evident from the dividends; and the profits from
their present monopoly can easily be calculated from the
above table.
We here find an increase since last spring, in pri ces,
varying from 12 to 39 per cent. But, as gentlemen
desire a few more illustrations of their famous tariff
policy, I will point them to the report made at the
last Congress from the Committee on Manufactures,
by Hon. L. Saltonstall, of Massachusetts. In that
report, one of the witnesses (Joseph Jackson, esq.)
examined before the committee, is represented as
saying that "he was a manufacturer of iron;" there-
fore they deemed anything coming from him wor-
thy of great weight.
He observes that "Banks's refined English iron
is about equal to ours, and at a duty o/S30 per ten, is
in price about equal to ours, and comes in competition
with it."
Another witness, (W. Young, esq.,) also a man-
ufacturer of iron, states that "we already make bet-
ter that the common Russian iron; and when our
rates qf wages assimilate more nearly to those of Eng-
land, we will be able to sell and send her won at <€14.
10. per ton." All of these facts go to support the
argument of Mr. Adams in his report, and are di-
rectly opposed to the ridiculous flummery now con-
tended for by gentlemenn on the other side. But,
as this may not suffice, I will call attention to anoth-
er extract from Mr. Sarchet's petition, formerly al-
luded to. At page 6, he observes:
It is rather a curious fact, that the price of woollens in
this coantiy is, in our seaports double the price that it is in
Britain—the high duty on them, >wth cost of importation,
profits. See ; and, as they proceed West, they become three
times the price the English consumer. It was shown 1 y
the Boston report, in 1827 and 1828, page 12, that each indi-
vidual in Britain annually consumes £10 of woollens. What
cost there $10. cost in the United States to take the
average of the whole country, which is a greater tax on us
than ail the Bntish taxes added together, and as much moie
as would redeem the British national debt in less than six-
teen years! This fact, as incredible as it may appear at
tirst sight, is nevertheless true, and is easily proven. Thus,
if we "dress as comfortably and decently as in Britain our
woollens will cost us $2n, or on an average, three-fifths
more than it cost there, being to each individual $15 more,
or £3.
What will our farmers say to this? These
statements are remarkable; and such results
may well induce those reaping the high prof-
its to resort to all sorts of silly devices
to cajole the people into the belief that high
duties are for their emolument, and actually operate
a loss to the self-sacrificing manufacturer. Suppose
Congress were to repeal all the existing taxes, and
impose, in lien of them, what it is said we pay more
per head than they do in England for being well
clothed: the people would be surprised to see what an
amount they would have to pay. For 6,000,000 of
citizens (one-third of our population) taxed §15 each,
would yield a revenue,of about $90,000,000. This,
when placed before them in a tangible shape, would
soon satisfy them of the delusive character of the
shallow device, that high duties make low prices.
What think you the starving population of Great
Britain would say should any of these great tariff
gentry attend any of their great corn-law meetings,
and attempt to satisfy them "that high duties on
breadstuff? lowered the pnce;" How think you the
starving wretches would recive such balderdash*1
How, think you, the prices of flour m England un-
der her high duties would compare with American
flour? Can "England sell flour as ]ow as we can, with
all her boasted advantages of high duties5 Sir, can
the credulity of the people thus permit them to 1 e
duped? But it has been urged that this famous tar-
iff was intended to protect agriculture also! Do gen-
tlemen mean to contend that the duty imposed by
the existing laws on imported wheat, was imposed
with the view of cheapening the price of wheat5 Do
they pretend seriously to say that the dutj* on a va-
riety of agricultural products was inserted in the
bill with the express intention of reducing the value
of those articles? If that is true—if such will be the
fact—can the farmers desire to perpetuate such mis-
chievous interference with the legitimate proceeds of
their hard earnings? Such, sir, are the absurd argu-
ments which inflated wealth and grinding oppres-
sion resort to, in their efforts to blind the people.
But there is yet another view of this subject which
I wish to present: First, the manufacturers depre-
cate "a revenue tariff;'' for, they say, the pauper la-
bor of Europe will come in competition with them,
and, bv underselling, break them down. Well, they
prevail on Congress to pass a protective tariff for
Ihdr benefit. But what then do we hear? Why
that this law, which was designed to protect
them against low prices, has actually had the
effect to reduce their prices below those obtain-
ed for similar articles made by the very "pauper
labor," whose competition they were so desirous to
avoid, as being destructive of their profits. But
having, by their unwise legislation, greatly reduced
prices, according to their showing, what then fol-
lows? Why, certainly, low wages must accompany
hno piices. Now they are trying to prove that to be
the certain effect of the protective policy. Yet they
say a high tariff is the only way to protect our
American labor against the pauper labor of Europe,
Were ever such absurdities gravely advanced before
in any intelligent community? But when this new
school of statesmen is hard pressed on this point,
they again, with great facility, face about ana say,
We admit that salt is selling in Europe at nine cents
the bushel, while in the United States the price
ranges from 40 to 50 cents the bushel. Now, say
they, if you repeal the duty, the American manu-
facturer will have to stop. Why? Because foreign-
ers will undersell him. What, then, will you gain,
say they? We reply, cheap salt. No, say they.
For they contend that, as soon as their salt-worKs
stop, why all competition ceases, (most wonderful!)
and then the foreigners will run the price up perhaps
to one, two, or three dollars per bushel. Admit this
to happen, (however improbable it may be,) and
what stronger inducement could be presented to per-
suade our salt manufacturers to reopen their works
and again go on to furnish the country, and to reap
thousands, where before they only made hundreds?
The simple statement of such notions ought to be
enough to satisfy any intelligent man that the advo-
cates of them really do not understand what would
promote the welfare of the country. But gentlemen
allege that the planters are interested in sustaining
the tariff law of 1342. The district which I have
the honor to represent, produces a large proportion
of the tobacco raised in my State. It is perhaps as
deeply interested in sustaining the tobacco trade as
any other district in the United Sfates. The plant-
ers have never, in my part of the country, asked
Congress to legislate with a view of increasing the
price of their great staple. But, sir, they may,
with all possible justice, demand of this body not to
enact laws that necessarily disarrange the policy of
those foreign countries usually in the habit
of purchasing their tobacco. What think you
will be their opinion of your ill-stared legis-
lation, when they learn that, in your zeal
to protect manufacturers, you have passed laws
which force foreign governments to wreak their
vengeance on our tobacco planters? Will folly be
taught lessons of wisdom nowhere except in the
schools of experience? Has it come to this, that the
agriculturists are to be cajoled by hollow professions
into the support of laws that impoverish them, by
destroying the value of their productions? As a rep-
resentative of the tobacco-growers, I do not ask this
committee to grant them bounties. No, sir, far from
it. But I ask you to relieve them from the fangs of
the oppressor. It is asked, who oppresses? Why,
this protective tariff* party, by passing a law in 1842,
which has given offence to foreign governments,
whose citizens purchase our tobacco. I adduce a
few extiaets from document No. 173, 1st session of
the 96th Congress, relating to the tobacco trade.
Extracts from Mr. Irvingys letter to Mr. Webster.
M\DRir>, December24, 1842.
In the roursp of our conversation, Mr Aston observed
thu the operation of our tariff on the Spanish trade in dried
fruits, &.c., be,-an to be very sensibly felt; and he thought it
would be a 'Jionz inducement for them to grant an open
tiode m tobacco, if we would agree to lowe > our duties on
their fruits.
Extract from Mr. llliealcn^s letter to Mr. Webster.
Bf.ri in, October 5,1842.
]i will obviously occur to you thai tins answer to my
commanication was the result of deliberations which had
taken place brjore the derails of the new tariff law enacted
bv Congress at the last session were known to the confer*
ence ol Stuttgard. Had the provisions of that law been pre-
viously know n, they would, of course, have furnished to the
conference, according to their view of the question, addi-
tvmal arguments against acceding to our demand for a re-
d-iction ot the tobacco duties, unconnected a* it was with any
specific proposition for a modification of our tarift on Ger-
man commodities.
Extract front Mr. Wheat otfs letter to Mr. Webster,
Bp.klin-, November 16. 1842.
Barron Bulow has recently stated to me that the Prussian
cabinet had been invited, by some of its allies in the Ger-
manic Customs Association, to conem in measures of retalia-
tion against ov.i tariff, which is m^ch complained oj as too fis-
cal, and ownpiohibitin of many Oerman commodities. He
intimated that Prussia \\a-< not disposed, at present, at least,
to take such a step, but would aicait the result of the delib-
erations of our Congress at the ensuing session, to determine
the course of policy which the c.sscciaUoa ought to
