414
CON&RESSIONAL GLtiBfe.
Sfavor of the American claims. The senator from
Vfrgmia fMr. Rives] had attempted to conclude—
with what success he (Mr. B.) would leave to the
Senate—from notes of an anonymous writer, that
Lord Aberdeen had said to somebody, that neither
he nor Lord Ashburton knew of the existence of
that map; and he, [Mr. R.].asked him (Mr. B.) if he
were Secretary of State, would he be bound to know
all the maps laid away in the lumber room ,of the
§tate department? In answer to that, he would say,
ihat if he were negotiating a treaty, it could not be
supposed he would remain entirely -ignorant
of a map coming from the library of George
III, with the authority of two distinguished
statesmen, that it settled the dispute, and gave con-
clusive proof of the truth and justice of the matter
to be adjusted. It might be so; but that there was
the least probability that Lord Asburton could be
ignorant that this map was in existence when pre-
paring to come to this country, with all necessary
documents, was a question hardly admitting of ra-
tional belief.
The senator from Virginia had Said that he was
disappointed, that he (Mr. B.) had not, with his
accustomed frankness, acknowledged that his charge
Nvas not sustained by the debates he depended upon
as proof. Now, he had fully established, by refer-
ence to the accredited report of the debates in Par-
liament, every thing he had stetctl, to the full extent
of what he believed to be the truth; and if, in the
conclusions hf Imd drawn, he had used any expression
unauthorised, he had shown himself ready to cor-
rect it. He had said, in express terms, that "the
noble lord," who it was universally believed in
this country was Lord Ashburton, alluded to m 'the
parliamentary Speech quoted', was^ Hot Lord Ash-
burton, but Lord Palmerstoo. What more could
the senator from Virginia desire? He (Mr. B.) had
stated it twice. Any one would have supposed the
Allusion was to Lord Ashburton. He had never
seen the official debates till the other evening; and
■when he had read them, he at once came forward to
do justice to Lord Ashburton in this particular.
The senator from Virginia, however, complained that
he (Mr. B.) argued upon the probability that Lord
Ashburton must have known of the existence of
this map. He (Mr. B.) wished to Heaven he could
state that he believed Lord Ashburton did not know
of its existence. To suppose he did not, was to
suppose the British ministry sent him abroad to
make a treaty, without furnishing him with the
most impoi taut documents for making the treaty;
and, in the face of this presumption, we hear both
Sir Robert Peel and Lord Biougham—one on the
floor of the House of Commons, and the other on
the floor of the House of Lords—ridicule the idea
that there would have been any want of morality m
concealing from another government cvidcnce of
this kind. Lord Brougham turns into contempt
any other policy m diplomacy but that which should
govern a lawyer towards lus client.
The Senator from Virginia and himself (Mr. B.)
agreed that this was wrong and immoral. But 011
the floor of ootli Houses of Parliament the doctrine
hail hecji maintained. It was solemnly stated in the
one chat no such obligation was imposed on a nego-
tiator as to dira lose tacts 111 his possession; while
the idea of such a disclosure was ridiculed in the
other.
He (Mr. B.) did not know whether Lord Ash-
burton would have felt lumself bound to conceal
this map, acting 011 the principle avowed by Sir
Robert Peel an3 Lord Brougham; but from what he
knew of linn personally, and by character, lie had
[30 much regaid for his word, that notwithstanding
the testimony is almost conilusivc against linn 011
this point, if Lend Ashburton shall say he had not
possession or knowledge of this map, when he
was negotiator here, he (Mr. B.) would at once give
freely his faith and belief to what he should say.
Mr. RIVES had only to say, tlwt, 1:' I lie senaloi
from Pennsylvania was satified with the position 111
which he had placed himself, he (Mr. R.) was ton-
tout to let the matter rest there.
Mr. SEMPLE did not rise to make a speech, but
to suggest that such disposition of tins resolution be
made as, for theprcscnt, would not lenderit necessai y
to take a test vote, either on the question of refcience
to the Committee 011 Foieign Relations or to lay it
011 the table. He proposed to move to postpone the
turther consideration of the subject till the second
Monday m April, if there was no objection to that
course.
Mr. CRITTENDEN stated that he had hoped
(his debate had exhausted itself; and he now rose to
give notice that he would, on the first opportunity,
move to lay it on the table.
Mr. ARCHER said, in courtesy, it was due to
the senator from Illinois, [Mr. Sbmple,] if he wish-
ed, that he should have an opportunity, as the mover
of the resolution, of making a concluding speech.
Mr. SEMPLE said he was willing to take the
vote now, a , there was, no desir.e to postpone it.
Mr. SEVIER observed tljst he had a few re-
marks to make, anil hb ^lioped the subject would be
passed over till to-morrow, to give him ail opportuni-
ty of making his remarks.
Mr. ALLEN urged that it was due to the senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] to give him an
opportunity of replying to what had been said 111
reference to his views by the senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. ARCHER was quite disposed to extend eve-
ry courtesy on this subject required.
Mr. SEVIER said ,he would Waive his intention
of making any remarks if it was desired to take the
vote.
Mr. SEMPLE moved to postpone the subject to
the second Monday in April.
This motion was decided in the negative.
Afer some informal conversation,
Mr. BUCHANAN requested the subject would
be passed over till to-morrow; which was agreed to.
Qn motion by Mr. EVANS,
The Senate adjonrned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 20, 1844.
Mr. SMITPI of Illinois obtained permission to
lay before the House the memorial and resolutions
of the general assembly of the State of Illinois,
praying Congress to pass a permanent pre-emption
law, which will pioteel the settler, for a term of years,
in the occupancy of any unappropriated government
kinds on which lie may have settled and made an
improvement. Also, a law graduating the price of
the public lands to the actual settler, and making no
invidious distinction between alien and native born
citizens, so far as procuring a home in our country
and interest m our soil is concerned. It was refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to tyhich was referred a bill on the same
subject. He ateo presented a memorial of the gen-
eral assembly of the State of Illinois, asking Con-
gress to giant to said State the alternate sections of
land for six miles on each side of the Noithern Cross
railroad for the sole purpose of completing .said road;
and that in all cases where the lands through which
said railroad passes have heretofore been entered,
the governor of the State of Illinois be author-
ized Jo make the selection of an equal number of
acres from the vacant lands within the State: refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COBB obtained permission to give notice of
his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to fix
the salary of the marshal of the State of Georgia.
THE OHIO COURTS BILL.
Mr. SAUNDERS reminded the House that a mo-
tion was ponding to reconsider the vote by which
the House yesterday passed to its third reading the
bill in relation to the district com is of the State
of Ohio; and he was now authorized to state that the
delegation from Ohio would assent to the reconsider-
ation to give him the opportunity to move an amend-
ment, by way of proviso, to prevent the bill taking
eflect before the 1st of August next.
The vote was leconsidered; and after a conversa-
tion in which Messrs. POTTER, SAUNDERS,
MOORE, SCHENCK, and others took part, the
bill was amended, on the suggestion of Mr.
SCHENCH, so as to prevent the operation of the
bill until after the July term, so that that tetni might
be held at Cincinnati.
The bill was then passed to its third reading; and
on that question
Mr. DUNCAN raised some objections to the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK likewise addressed the House
on the objects of the bill.
Mr. DkOMGOOLE said it appeared evident to
him that this debate would be protracted during the
entiie day, to the exclusion of other business; he
felt compelled, theiefore, to move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question woe seconded by 86 affirm-
ative votes, taken by tellers, nayj not counted; and
the main question was ordered, being upon the en-
grossment of the amendment, and the third reading
of the bill.
Mr. DUNCAN inquired whether the question
upon the engrossment of the amendment, and • th<*
third reading of the bill, was to be considered a&
one question only, requiring but one vote.
The SPEAKER replied affirmatively; and
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays, but
again withdrew the call. It was renewed, however,
by _
Mr. E. D. POTTER, and the yeas and nays
vrerfe ordered; and being taken, resulted thus: yzm
92, nays 62. .; ; ■
The bill was then lead a third time, and passed. •
Mr. CRANSTON, on leave, introduced a bib
providing for the construction of a military road
from Fort Adams to Newport. Rhode Island- read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Militaiy
Affairs. . ,.
Mr. WENTWORTHgave notice that he should,
on to-morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill for an act
reorganizing the United States district and circuit
courts for the State of Illinois.
Mr, SIMONS nloved a reconsideration .of the
vote on paesiiig the bill to change the place of Kolu-
ing the district couit of the United States fur the
district of Ohio.
Mr. VANCE objected that the motion was notm
order, the bill having already been reconsidered; and
after some remarks from Messrs. DROMG-OOLE;
HOPKINS, and DUNCAN,
The SPEAKER stated that the reconsideration
was not in order, because the vote on the passage of
the bill had already been reconsidered. ,
Mr. DUNCAN appealed from the decision of the
Chair; and the appeal was debated by Messrs.
DUNCAN, WHITE, DROMGOOLE, WIN-
THROP, and VINTON.
The SPEAKER again stated his decision, and
gave his reasons at length in reply to Mr. "White.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON next obtained the floor.
Mr. WHITE claimed to be entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentleman
from Tennessee had been recognised by the Chair.
Mr. WHITE still peisisted in asserting that he
was entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Tennes-
see had been recognised, and therefore the gentle-
man from Kentucky is not entitled to the floor.
Mr. WHITE insisted that he was.
The SPEAKER called the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to order.
Some conversation and mutual explanations fol-
lowed between the SPEAKER and Mr. WHITE.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said it was well known how
this matter would terminate; and therefore he moved
to lay the whole subject on the table., He how-
ever withdrew that motion, that Mr. White might
make further explanation.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then renewed his motion to
lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered—only 20 voting therefor.
Tellers were called for, and appointed on the de-
mand for the yeas and and nays; and Messrs. Mc-
Clerstand and Winthrop weie appointed. They
reported 39 in the affirmative.
The yeas and nays were therefore ordered.
Mr. t)UNCAN inquired whether the motion to
lay the appeal on the table would have the effect of
disposing of the motion for reconsideration, as well
as that of the appeal.
The SPEAKER replied affirmatively.
Mr. DUNCAN said if such was the decision of
Chair, he would take an appeal from that decision.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
thus—yeas 80, nays 85.
The appeal was not laid upon the table.
Mr. HAMLIN said it was with very great reluc-
tance that he found himself compelled to disagree
with the Chair; but from the most careful examina-
tion, he could arrive at no other conclusion than
that the Chair was in eiror. If it were a matter of
expediency only, he would cheerfully defer lus own
judgment to that of the presiding officcr; but involv-
ing, as it did, an important principle, he felt com-
pelled to oppose the decision of the Chair.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired whether it would
be in order to move to lay the question of appeal,
the reconsideration of the bill, and the whole subject
upon the table. Being answered that it would not be
in order—
Mr. THOMPSON moved the previous question
upon the pending motion, viz: "Shall the opinion of
the Chair stand as the judgment of Rouse:'5
The previous question was seconded, and ihe
main question ordered.
