418
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In conclusion, he hoped the resolution would be
adopted. ' ,
Mr. ARCHER said if no other gentleman was
disposed to take any further part in this debate, he
was .himself disposed to let the vote be taken direct-
ly upon the resolution of the senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Semple.1 He withdrew the motion which he
had made, which was the pending subject before
the Senate, to refer the resolution to the Committee
on Foreign Relations; with a view that the vote
might come on directy upon the resolution'. " The
question now would be upon the passage of that
resolution
Mr. SEMPLE called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question on the adoption of the resolution
was then taken by yeas and nays, and resulted—
yeas 18, nays 28, as follows:
VKAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagbr, Ben-
ton, Bieese, Buchanah, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Hanne-
gan, King, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Walker, Woodbury,
nnd Wright—IB.
NAYS—Messrs. Arclier, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Critteaden, Dayton, E>ans,'Foster, Hay-
wood, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, McDuffie,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Ilives,
Simmons, Tallmcidge, Upliam, White, and \Voodbridge
So the resolution was rejected.
On motion by Mr, EVANS, the House bill No.
CO, making appropriations for the payment of revo-
lutionary and other pensioners of the United States
lor the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1845, was
taken up as in committee of the whole, and placed
under consideration, with the following amendments
repov ted by the Committee on Finance, to come in
 ft«r the 20th line:
"For supplying a deficiency in former appropria-
tions for the fiscal year ending June thirty, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-four, for pensions
under the act of March three, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-three, one hundred and eighty
thousand dollars.
"Strike out all after "lcpealed," in 31st line, to
the end of the bill."
The oiiginal bill appropriates—
For invalid pensions, $184,800;
For pensions under the act of 1818, §196,000;
For pensions under the act of" 7th July, 1838, and
the act supplementary thereto of 23d August, 1842,
$400,000;
For pensions under the act of 4th July, 1836,
$134,250;
For half-pay pensions to widows and orphans,
payable through the Second and Third Auditor's
offices, $1,000;
For arrears of pensions prior to July, 1815, pay-
able through the Third Auditor's office, $2,000;
l'roviiled, That no pension shall be hereafter
granted to a widow for the same time that her hus-
band received one: Jhid provided, further, That no
pension shall hereafter commence before the day on
which the application of the person claiming it shall
have been filed with the Commissioner.
[There were, amendments and additional provi-
sions in the bill, as amended in the House, a copy
of which the reporter was not able to obtain.]
Mr. EVANS made a brief explanation of the rea-
sons which influenced the Finance Committee in
proposing these amendments. He had perceived, by
the reports of the department, (hat an addition of
§180,000 for the pension list was required; and with
a view of ascertaining the reasons for demanding
this addition, he hail written to the Commissioner
of Pensions for an explanation, and had received his
answer, which he requested would be read.
The letter of the Commissioner of Pensions wis
then read by the secretary of the Senate.
Mr. WOODBURY inquired why the addition was
not included in the House bill itself
Mr. EVANS said, it was intended by the Com-
missioner of Pensions to apply to the Committee of
Ways and Means for that purpose; but, some how
or other, it had been omitted; and then it was un-
derstood a separate bill would be proposed. This
amendment would answer the purpose.
The amendments reported by the Committee oil
Finance were adopted.
Mr. EVANS then moved to strike out the last
proviso of the bill.
This proviso was, in effect, that no army or navy
pension should be paid to any person in employ-
ment and receiving pay otherwise in the service of
the United States.
Mr. E. explained his reasons for moving to strike
out this proviso, It affected only two persons on
the army pension list, and fourteen on the navy
pension list—one of the former, a paymaster, re-
ceiving a pension of $200f and another, a military
storekeeper, receiving a pension as a wounded lieu-
tenant in the late war, of only $8 75 per month.
The whole of the pensions, both lists included, of
those persons, did not exceed $2,250. There were
some cases, he understood, in the navy, which would
be grievously affected by this proviso. There were
perons performing the services they were employed
for as well as any other person could; and as a mat-
ter of principle he thought the laws allowing pen-
sions for injuries received, ought not to be ren-
dered void when those persons were retained in the
service.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate;
and the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments adopted in the committee of the whole,
Mr. HAYWOOD objected to the last proviso be-
ing stricken out, and called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The first amendment adding $180,000, was con-
curred in.
The question on striking out the proviso being
about be taken by yeas and nays—
Mr. WRIGHT inquired what number of per-
sons, and amount of pensions and pay, would be
affected by the proviso?
Mr. EVANS said the whale amount of pensions
would be only $2,230; and the number of persons
affected, would be 2 in the army list, and 14 in the
navy.
Mr. WRIGHT adverted to the manner in which
the navy pension fund had been destroyed; and he
feared the same principle was involved in this
matter.
Mr. EVANS explained, that what destroyed the
navy pension fund was carrying back, by retrospec-
tive action, the principle of pensioning.
Mr. BAYARD opposed the motion to strike out
the proviso, and made a brief explanation with a
view of showing that it was the act of 1837 which
had occasioned the dissipation of the navy pension
fund; which act was repealed in 1842. There was,
he thought, a contradiction in terms in the principle
involved i# the fact of giviag a pension for injuries
rendering the individuals invalids—disabled in fact—
and allowing them to receive full pay in the service.
Mr. WOODBURY concurred with the senator
from Delaware, as to the causes which had effected
the destruction of the navy pension fund. He re-
ferred to an act of Congress prohibiting persons
so employed from receiving more in pay and pen-
sion than amounted to the full pay for such services
as they performed.
Mr. EVANS said that act remained in full force.
The persons affected by the proviso of the bill now
under consideration, which he had moved to strike
out, did not receive more, including their pensions,
than full pay.
Mr. DAYTON mentioned instances in which per-
sons rendered invalids by injuries received in the
service, might, from the knowledge they had de-
rived, be competent to fill such situations as store-
keepers, with great advantage to the public interest.
Mr. HUNTINGTON concurred with the senti-
ments expressed by the chairman of the Finance
Committee, and was in favor of striking out the
proviso.
Mr. WRIGHT maintained that the only correct
principle was, to employ for the public service able
and efficient olicers, and not invalids, disabled from
physical inability to perform the service for which
they were employed to the best advantage to the
country.
Mr. BAYARD referred to the act of 1841 to show
that an officer receiving pay in the navy was pro-
hibited from receiving both pay and pension. He
showed, however, that, if this proviso was stricken
out, a captain in the navy could be appointed store-
keeper, and receive both pay and pension.
Mr. EVANS was sorry the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs resisted his pioposidon to
strike out this proviso. He (Mr. E.) contended
that the government was bound to keep the promise
of pensions held out for the benefit of the service,
to those thus induced to enter the service and be-
come subject to its hazards, (f pprsons entitled to
pensions received their pensions, and were still re-
tained in the service, there was no just reason why
they should not be paid for the services they were
to perform. He pointed out many instances in
which a man might be disabled of the use of a leg
or arm, and vet he would retain that intellectual
ability what was most desirable for the public ser-
V1Mr. BAYARD observed that his friend from
Maine found him opposed to this motion, because
he was a real friend to the navy. He adverted to
the practice of the British government; m the ser-
vice of which, a captain, retiring from service,
gives up his ship, and is placed on half pay, where
he may remain till the day of his death without
again beings ever heard of in public service. He
thought it unreasonable that any officer should have
both pay and pension.
Mr. BATES said it seemed to him that there was
no business for such a proviso in an appropriation
bill , . .
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
10, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Dayton, Evans, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarnagm,
Johnson, Miller, Mor^head, Phelps, Sinwaons, Tallmadge,
Upham,and White—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bagby, .Bayard, Breese,
Buchanan. Colquitt, Crittenden, Fairfield, Foster, Hay-
wood, King, Mangum, Merrick, Rives, Sample, Tappan,
Walker, Woodbury and Wright—21.
So the proviso was not stricken out.
Mr. EVANS now moved to strike out another
proviso, [the import of which was not understood by
the reporter.l
Mr. HAYWOOD withdrew his call for the yeas
and nays on this motion.
The motion to strike out this proviso was
adopted.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. BARROW, the Senate went
into executive session, and after some time spent
therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 21, 1844.
The journal having been read,
MARSHAL OF GEORGIA.
Mr. COBB, in pursuance of notice given, and on
leave, introduced a bill to provide further compensa-
tion for the marshal of the district of Georgia; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
COLONIZATION SOCIETV.
Mr. SUMMERS presented the memorial of the
society of the District of Columbia for the coloniza-
tion and civilization of Africa, praying Congress to
adopt such measures as it may deem best for the
benefit of the settlement of Liberia: referred to the
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
HARBOR AT MICHIGAN CITY.
Mr. SEMPLE presented the joint resolutions of
the legislature of Indiana, on the subject of the harbor
at Michigan city: referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
l>OST ROUTES.
Mr. HOUSTON presented three memorials from
the State of Alasama, on the subject of post roads:
•referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, of Indiana, submitted
the following resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to this
House, as soon as convenient, amending the 11th sec-
tion of the "act to establish the judicial courts of the
United States," approved September 84, 1789, limit-
ing the original and concurrent jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States courts with the courts of the several States,
so that the United States courts shall not take juris-
diction in cases between a citizen of the State where
the suit is brought, and a citizen of another State, in
a less sum than two thousand dollars, exclusive of
costs.
PROPOSED TARIFF.
Mr. J. R. IjNGEIlSOLL asked leave to present a
memorial from sundry citizens of Philadelphia, re-
monstrating against the passage of the proposed bill
for the modification of the present tariff.
Objections being made,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to suspend the
rules.
Mr. DICKEY called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The memorial was then read.
Mr, WELLER asked if it was not in the power
