432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Steenrod.
H. of Keps.
wide and extended empire, as places of trade and
commerce; and manufactures would then grow up,
not by the artificial aid of legislation, but upon a
solid and permanent basis, as required by the inter-
ests of the country, and as warranted by the profits
that would reward their industry and capital. And
the country would then exhibit its munificent re-
sources, and the magnificent results of labor and
capital left free in their competition in the field of
their respective enterprises, unshackled by partial
legislation.
If political economy Has settled any one principle
of trade as incontrovertible, it is, that the best
market for the farmer is where he can sell highest
and buy cheapest. No one can then doubt but the
American farmer is more interested in having the
markets of the world for his produce than any one,
though that should be the home market. Under
revenue duties/the farmers of this country have
all the convenience of the home, and, to a great ex-
tsnt, the profit of the foreign market. His stock
and surplus produce he either sells to his merchant,
or to the speculator or exporter, who ships to the
foreign markets, and is regulated by the prices they
pay, to some extent, by these, rather than the home
market; and no farmer need here, to dispose of his
produce at a profitable price, ever hazard the perils
of the ocean, or engage in the enterprise of a voy-
age, to find a market for his surplus produce. The 1
trader, the speculator, and exporter, make this the
business of their life.
I cannot, then, concur with the gentlemen oi^ the
other side of the House in their estimate ot the
value of' the foreign market for our surplus prod-
uce. The dissertations we have had from them
on the English market, show that they either totally
misapprehend its value, or misrepresent it. Eng-
land is our best customer, and takes more than one-
half of our entire exports. In 1842, she bought
upwards of fifty-two millions of our exports; and
our trade is swelling to an importance, under
auspices that betoken, to a great extent, her de-
pendence on us for her provision trade. Since the
application of steam power to vessels, steamers
have brought us in such proximity to her markets,
that, in seasons of shoit crops and scarcity there,
we can immediately supply all the demands of their
market, and at prices greatly reduced by our im-
proved facilities. A barrel ot pork or beef can
now be sent from Ohio directly to the English
market, at the low price of §1 62. But this is not
all. We are enabled to undersell in this market,
and have great security m its being a uniform
market for our provision trade:
The Liverpool papers inform us that large quantities of
American cheese arrived at that port, and been sold at a
price far below that which the Cheshire fanners could otter.
The tariff has mad© no change in this article, and the duty
remains the same; and the importation shows formidable
rivalry which the English farmer has to expect from Brother
Jonathan. , . , . ,
Another article (lard) in being imported m considerable
quantities, which will senously affect the price of lush
butter, 'lhe poorer classes of consumers find m this an
excellent substitute for butter, so that it is likely to displace
a large amount of our southern produce, being purchasable
for anout one-third the pi ice of butter; and though not so
wholesome or nutritious, yet the diftercnce o* cost will
bring it largely into consumption.
In Wilmer and Smith's Luropean Times ot January 4,
1S44, the latest advices we have had at this time, it.is said:
"The tiade in American provisions, in our report of the 3d
of January last, denominated as 'yeta new one,' has, during
the year just closed, made lapid strides. Someol the ar-
ticles must now rank as staples ot large and positive con-
sumption, whilst many of the otheis are daily growing into
favor With oui working population in the nianufactuung
distnets well employed, prices generally low. and money
ea^v, alaize, steady, and piofitablc trade, for u ell selected
articles, may be safely anticipated. It being now establibli-
ed that really good and well-put-up beef can be had iroin
America at a lower price than Iii&h, the prejudice against
the articles amongst bhip ov. ners is fast giving; way ; hence
there is a regular demand fiom the tiade, and the .nghest
quotations are obtainable for a leallyfine article, for le-
ally well-selected fine cheese there continue* a steady de-
mand, and for such full pi ices aie obtained.
And we also learn that the American provision
trade is growing into great popularity in the Eng-
lish market.
The London Farmers'Journal s,ay-:: "We drclaie, and
stake our reputation on the ayernient, (for we speak, irom
personal experience, obtained in almost every state in the
Union,) that finer meat than the American Indian-oonwed
pork cannot be found."
Mr Du Croz said "theAmeriean pork is the bestinthe
world; it is principally fed on maize, and at certain periods
of the year nothing can be finer." Again: "Within the last
few days, *204 boxes of American cheese have been received
in Liverpool. Every year the quality of American cheese
improves. Another article which is arriving in very large
quantities is American lard, which is coming into us for
jnany purposes for which salt, and even fresn, butter has
been employed. Very excellent salted beef has'come from
the United States in considerable quantities " "Some really
fine dry canvassed hams having arrived, sales have been,
made to a considerable extent. With a moderate supply of
a similar quality, these rates may be maintained." "We
have lately had a few small parcels of superior hams, (Cin-
cinnati cured.) which have brought 60s. to 63s. per 112 lbs ,
,(duty paid,) or 40s to 4Ss. in bond. The quality is much
approved, particularly Yeatman's cure. All hams must be
in canvass, neatly covered, handsomely marked, ^nd ship-
ped loose." "The opinion we have often expressed, that
fine hams would command a high price has at length been
realised. A small lot of 100, from New York, well cured,
sewed m canvass, and loose, has found a purchaser at 43s.
in bond, or about 62s Sd. duty paid. Tallow, (United States )
We have pleasure in drawing your attention to this article,
inasmuch as we are of opinion that it is likeh become an
article of considerable importance. A Liverpool paper,
speaking of tlio cftect of the now trade on Ireland, says:
"The recent large importations of American provisions of
good quality into this port, which have been eagerly sought
after, has attracted a good deal of attention in Ireland, and
the farmers of that country are considerably alarmed lest
the Ameucans should cut tfiem out of the English market."
The British tariff reducing the duties on salt pro*
visions has not yet been in operation one year, and
its benefits but partially reached our provision trade,
and this is its present prosperous condition. But we
hear complaints on the other side of the House of
the high duties imposed by the English governmeut
on our products. Now the English government im-
pose less duties on our provision trade than our gov-,
ernment does ou their fabrics, and the balance of
trade is greatly in our favor. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris] has given us some of
the duties imposed by the British government on
our produce, and, as if satisfied himself that these
duties were moderate, has also given the duty of
1,500 per cent, on tobacco, and then held up his
average estimate of these duties as exorbitant.
Every person must know that this is but to give an
exaggerated character to the duties imposed by the
British government on our produce. Tobacco is
taxed as a luxury, and designed to impose a pro-
hibitory duty; but on our provision trade and pro-
duce theie is imposed only a light revenue duty,
and that, while we export less than four millions of
dollars of tobacco to the English market on which
this high duty is imposed, we export upwards of
thirty millions of cotton to the same markets, on
which is imposed a light duty, less than 8 per cent.;
and upwards of six millions of breadstulTs to the
same markets, near six hundred thousand of beef
and cattle, upwards of two hundred and forty-five
thousand ef butter and cheese, and one million and
near two hundred and twenty thousand of pork and
lard, on which the duty imposed will not much ex-
ceed 20 per cent. I mention these facts to show that
we cannot arrive at any well-informed opinion as
to the operation of the British tariff on our trade by
thus averaging the duties. And nt>w, when the
British tariff has just gone into operation, redu-
cing the duties on our provision trade, and might be
esteemed as an offering for leciprocal duties to us,
we are to recede and adopt the restrictive system,
and this free nation, that is contending for suprema-
cy in the markets of the world, is to put on her free
and elastic limbs the cumbersome shackles thrown
off by the English nation as too burdensome to te
borne.
Now, sir, in concluding my remarks on this
branch of the subject, allow me to inquire what has
the operation of this system disclosed? How has it
affected the investment of capital and the pursuits of
labor; and what are their respective advantages and
profits? By a table, computed and revised by Mr.
Woodbury, and endorsed by a distinguished politi-
cal economist in my own State, it is stated that
12,750,000 persons are employed m agriculture in
this counuy, with a capital of$3,000,000,000 invested
in it. In manufactures and its blanches 1,300,000
persons arc employed, with a capital of $300,000,-
000. Now exyminf the propoition of capital and
income to each pe/son connected with these branches
of industry m this country. The capital per head
invested in agriculture is $t235; the income per
head is only $(>2; while the capital invested in man-
ufactures and its brandies is 1*200 per head, and the
income on this swells to the enormous amount ot
$159 per head. Now what statesman or citizen,
that will "lookheie upon this picture, and on this,17
''and what judgment would step from this to this,"
that the people embracing the largest ^ number, the
greatest amount of capital, and receiving much the
smallest income from this capital, should submit to
be taxed by this government to maintain the smaller
number with a smaller amount ot capital, and still
receive near thrice the income on it?
The pedestal on which this world of the manu-
facturers rests is, it iis said by them, that the imposi-
tion of duties do not enhance the price of the duti-
able article to th6 consumer. Are we asked, then, to
believe that the importing merchant pays the fifty or
hundred per cent, duty on the article, sells it to the
retail merchant, and he to the consumer, at the
same price as if free of duty? No; this is rather too
unprofitable a business for the known sagacity of a
merchant to engage in; it is reversing all that we
have learned of their laws of trade. The duty is
paid by the importing merchant, and is transferred
to the cost of the article; and the interest and profit
paid on it to the importer by the retail merchant,
and then again repaid to him with his cost, interest,
and profit by the purchaser or consumers. But
av e are answered on the other side of the House that
the increased price by the duty is reduced to a pro-
portionate extent by the foreign producers. I nev-
er have beert able to learn the legerdemain by which
one government, by the imposition of duties, could
tax any other than its own citizens; I have been
taught to believe, by my little reading and experi-
ence, that this power of the government was con-
fined within the limits of its own territory; if not, it
would be in vain for one nation to claim exclusive
jurisdiction within its own limits. The trade of
other countries will only seek our market as long as
it is profitable; and when this government imposes
dutiea that require the foreign producer to reduce
his price to the extent of the duty, to enable him to
sell in our market, he then will seek another marke
and abandon the trade, before he will thus encroach
on his accustomed prices. But to controvert these
positions, we are answered that the manufactured
fabrics are now cheaper than formerly, when paying
comparatively a light duty. But this is no argu-
ment against the proposition. It must be remember-
ed that the free articles are fallen to a like extent,
and this will not warrant the inference that an in-
creased duty imposed on an article tends to cheapen
it to the consumer. If this theory of the manufac-
turers was true, then indeed might this government
boast of discovering the great secret of fixing the
bill of prices 011 its imports, by the enactments of
law. It is a reduction of price produced by other
causes in defiance of high duties. The perfection
of machinery, the labor-saving inventions, and the
great progress that the arts and the sciences have
made m mechanics within the last few years, have
produced a great reduction in the cost of manufac-
tured articles; this, with a great competition for our
market, and the gradual return of the country from
an inflated paper currency to the specie basis, have
been the potent agents that produced the present
great reduction of prices, and now much higher than
they would be were it not for the present high du-
ties. No statesman or tax-payer can be persuaded
that, by imposing duties, the dutiable article is to be
reduced in price to the consumer. The manufactu-
rers themselves discredit their own theory by com-
ing up here and importuning Congress to impose
high duties to protect them in high prices against the
cheap prices of the old world.
These I believe are the true outlines and features
of this law and its policy, with the principal reasons
on which it rests for its support with the people.
What statesman, schooled under our free institu-
tions, ought to stand up here and advocate it? What
citizen, with a proud and generous soul, ought not
to blush to enjoy such exclusive privileges alike to
the prejudice of our free institutions, and the great
body of our people; and who can believe that the
current of the times is bo corrupt, that, to strip the
system of its disgui.se, and show its naked deformi-
ty, it would be borne, battening 011 the very life-
blood of our free institutions, administering to the
increasing appetite of wealth, by wrenching from in-
dustry its hard-earned pittance, under the false per-
suasion that this is to be borne to protect the indus-
try which, in fact, it is reducing to indigence and
want? Or reduce it to its original elements to levy
a tax on one man to support another, or to put one
nterest of the country under contribution to sustain
another; and what man would date stand up in this,
hall and advocate legislation like this by the gov-
ernment? None. Yet this is but that system strip-
ped of its disguise and imposition
The great moss of our eit'zens only know the
federal government as a government to provide for
the "commen defence and general welfare;" and as
such, every American citizen, 1 believe, stands ready
to maintain it, or perish with it. But if this govern-
ment is to go on augmenting its powers, and burden-
ing the citizens with its taxation, it may alienate
their affections from it, and perhaps drive them to'
