May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
433
28th Cong.,...1st Sess.
United States schooner < Grampus—Mr. Fairfield.
Senate.
calculate the cost of this Union. I refer to this
With regret; but the history of the past warns us that
this is tampering- with important interests that once
brought this country to the eve of a revolution.
I am one who. believes the tendency of this gov-
ernment is to enlarge its powers, and to extend the
compass of its authority. And as the evidence that
discloses this, I will not only refer to the increasing
appreciation of the government, not as one to pro-
vide for "the common defence and general wel-
fare," but as one to administer as a beneficiary to
the private pursuits and interest to the citizen, as
shown by the daily importunity by which we are
beset for some partial and favorite legislation; but I
refer to tiie fact that we have recently seen a presi-
dential candidate (Mr. Clay) animating his partisans
not only with the promise of the offices of the federal
government as the prizes of war that should leward
their success in his behalf, but to mendicant States
their proportionate distribution of the public lands;
and to bankers and manufacturers special privileges
to be bestowed: that is to be but equivalent to put-
ting this great government in their keeping, and the
people at their mcrcy, with the power to levy on the
tax-payers to any extent that their avaricious appe-
tite may require, or their arbitral y will may sug-
gest; to mortgage, by loans or distribution, the last
inch of the real estate of the citizen, and to take
from the limbs of nakedness its last rag, and from
the lips of hunger its last morsel. And to the dis-
honor of the country it must be said these measures,
unknown to the framers of our government and the
constitution, are the scaffolding on which a great party
of thecountiy stand, and from which they expect to
hoist themselves to the control of the institutions of
the country.
The democratic party stands opposed to these
heresies; and in this struggle for power, will stand
out for the constitution and its inviolability by fed-
eral legislation. They have no offices to tender to
partisans; these arc the offices of the country, consti-
tution, and the laws, and it is forbid they should be
conferred on any but the competent. They have no
special privileges to confer that will conflict with
"the perfect libej ty" intended to be secured to all in
the constitution. Then if, in this great contest, the
democratic party is to be overcome, and these bank-
ers, manufacturers, and distributionists, are to ore-
vail, and these measures become the settled and per-
manent policy of the country, then—1 hesitate not to
avow it—a fatal blow is struck at our free institu-
tions.
When the down-trodden masses can no longer
look to the constitution to stay the progress of op-
pression and usurpation, and to this hall to their
representatives for relief, what then must ensue5
Some spirit, touched with the sentiments of the peo-
ple, moved and goaded on by their grievances, and
perhaps gifted with the spirit of the Roman Gracclni'
may rise and make the last appeal lo the living
masses, and invite them to the last struggle for resti-
tution and retribution. In this moment, pregnant
with revolution, the empire of the Ccesars, the
crown of the Corsican hero, or the inviting Italian
fields that were laid open to the Carthageman spoil-
er, were but a poor prize in companson to what
every citizen would have in this moment of peril.
In a moment like this, then, might these men trem-
ble m their strongholds of wealth and power, and
cling to their ill-gotten gam, and find, perhaps when
too late, the error into which they had been be-
trayed; and, iike the strong man of old, that, as they
pulled down the mighty pillars of the temple under
which they reposed, it was but to be doomed to be
crushed and buried beneath it. As a citizen, I would
deplore such a calamitous event; and as a statesman,
I would desire to avoid it. Then let me implore you
to pause eie you press this system further,
which, 1 honestly believe, is charged \vithsuch fatal
consequences alike to our institutions and the people.
REMARKS OF MR. FAIRFIELD,
OF MAIJS'E,
hi the Senate cf the United States, Jlay 13,* 1644—
On the bill for the lehef of the widows and chil-
dren of th.- officers and cio-w of the United States
schooner Grampus; the question being upon con-
curring with the committee of the whole in an
amendment providing remuneration to the officers
and crew of the United State* ship-of-w&r Adams,
for losses incurred by them at the time said ship
was destroyed by fire, September 3, 1814.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said this amendment to the
bill was made a few days since, on his motion, and
he, of course, felt an interest in having it retained.
He hoped the Senate would concur with the com-
mittee, by adopting it. -Nothing that had been said
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on
" Naval Affairs [Mr. Bayard] had changed his (Mr.
F.'s) views as to thejustice and propriety of making
the remuneration to the offieers and crew of the
Adams, contemplated by this amendment. It places
them upon equal ground with the officers and crew
of the Missouri, embraced in an amendment offered
by the senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,]
than which nothing could be more just.
The statement of-facts made by the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Batakd,] was, perhaps, correct as
as far as it went; but Mr. F. apprehended that seve-
ral material facts had been entirely omitted. The
case, when examined, he believed would be admit-
ted on all hands to be one of great merit—certainly
not less meritorious than the case of the Missouri,
which had already secured the favor of the Senate.
In August, 1814, the Adams, commanded by the
gallant Captain Morris, on returning from a success-
ful cruise, having captured many prizes during the
course of it, struck upon a rock on the eastern coast
of Maine, thereby receiving such injuries as to ren-
der it necessary for her to seek the neaiest port for
repairs. The leak was such as to render it difficult
to keep the ship afloat. But, while in constant dan-
ger of sinking, Commodore Morris says that the
utmost coolness and intrepidity was manifested by
the officers and crew. He speaks of the crew as
one of the most gallant and deseiving that he ever
had. They succeeded in getting the ship into the Pe-
nobscot, and as high up the river as Hampden. At that
place she was partially dismantled, the guns at least
being taken out, and preparations made for heaving
her out, as it is termed. A merchant ship, belong-
ing to a gentleman in Salem, not then at the place,
had, from the necessity of the case, been taken by
Captain Morris, and used as a tender. To this
ship had been transferred a portion of the public
property from the Adams, with the clothing and
and personal cffects of the crew. On the 2d of Sep-
tember, Captain Mens was informed that a British
fleet of sixteen sail had appeared off the Penobscot,
and was evidently intending to proceed up the river.
He immediately commenced making preparations
on shore for the defence; in which, and in removing
the lighter portions of the public property to places
• if safety, the crew were wholly employed until
the next morning, when the enemy hove in sight,
neglecting entirely their own property and effects,
which, otherwise, they might have saved.
Without going into the particulars of the conflict
which ensued, it is perhaps sufficient that Captain
Morris found it necessary, in order to prevent their
being captured, to order a retreat; at the same time
diiecting that the guns should be spiked, and the
Adams set on fire. The orders were executed, the
match being applied to the ship by Captain Morris
himself, who was thereby obliged, one account says,
to swim by a nearer loute to make good his es-
cape.
The Adams, with the tender lying by her side,
were both consumed, with everything on board
of them, including the whole of the personal effects
of the officers and crew. Nothing was saved but
what the men blood in, which, m many instances,
was nothing but shiit and trowsers. Soon after the
retreat they found themselves together on the road
leading to Bangor, where a halt was made, and con-
sultation had. Captain Morris being destitute of
means—what little money he had having been lost
with their other effects—found himself unable to
render the crew any assistance. Half clad and
penniless as they were, and being aware, as
Captain Morris was, of the difficulty of sub-
sisting them in abody thiough the country
where the population was so spaise, and where
a considerable portion of the distince was
then a wilderness, he ordered the men to scatter
themselves, take different louteT, and make their
way, as well as they could, to Portland, and thence
to Portsmouth, the place of rendezvous. They did
so; and without a guaid, or being at all under
the control and direction of an officer, ex-
cept those accompanying the captain, who march-
ed on foot wifh others nearly the whole distance,
these men, half-clad and penniless as they were,
begged their way through the country to Portland,
and subsequently to Portsmouth—a distance of near
200 miles. Some of them were, and now are, resi-
dents of the town and vicinity of Mr. F.5s own res-
idence. And he admitted that that was one reason
why he had taken a particular interest in ihU case.
The remark of the senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Henderson,] that the crews of our ships of war are
chiefly foreigners, could not apply to this case.- The
whole of this crew, Mr. F. believed, belonged to
Maine and Massachusetts. Some of them had of-
ten talked with him upon the subject, and had long
•been expecting that the government would remu-
nerate them for their losse?.
But to resume the'narrative. These men, en'route,
stopped only long enough to greet their families, and
then pressed on to the place of rendezvous; where,
Capt. Morris says, in his official account, they all
arrived—every man of them. Not one deserted*
not a boy, even, was missing. All met at the placc
of rendezvous, ready and willing, notwithstanding
their misfortunes and sufferings, to enter another
ship, and again, as they had before, to fight the bat-
tles of their country—exhibiting an example of
fidelity and patriotism worthy of all praise.
Commodore Morris informs me (.-aid Mr. F.; 
that he then applied to the Navy Department to*
procure a gratuitous supply to each man of a suit of
clothes. This, hov. ever, was not done; and the
Commodore, having no money, could only give
them ceitificates of the amount due them, which the
poor sailors were obliged to sell, in many instances,
for 50 per cent, of their amount, to obtain the means
of supplying their loss at Hampden, and to leave :>
pittance with their families. This is the gallant
crew, sir—these are the noble fellows, whom I ask
you (said Mr. F.) not to reward according to their
high merits, but simply to remunerate then) for their
losses. Can the Senate hesitate m a case so indis-
putably right and just?
But it i* a. id by the senator from Delaware, [Mi,
Bayard,) ^at tla,B cusc differs from the others in
which relief is proposed, inasmuch as this was s
case of capture by an enemy, and that the Senate ex-
pressed its opinion tipon &uch cases a few days since
in the general bill providing relief hereafter in cases of
loss by fire, shipwreck, or otherwise. Mr. F. did not
understand the decision of the Senate in that case, as
the senator from Delaware did. But if it were so—r
what then? Is not the Senate at liberty to consider
the question again, and to do right now, regardless
of what it has done heretofore? Surely the vote of
the other day is not to have the forcc of a judicial
decision. Besides, senators might well declinc to
cmbrace cases of capture in a general law, and yet
be willing to afford relief in cases as they arise, each
standing upon its peculiar circumstances and merits.
But upon the reason of the thing, supposing thiu to
be a ease of capture, (which 1 deny,) would the
claims of these poor sailors be any the less merito-
rious? You are not now about establishing a system
of pensions, or extending the old system, ax> the
■senator from Mississippi [Mr. Henvj>ersox] con-
tends is the case in regard to the socond section of
the bill; but you are simply pi oviding a remunera-
tion to those who have suffered lots while in the
public service, and m consequence of that service.
This is the case presented. The point is as to the
loss; and he would inquire whether it would be
any the less a loss because effected by cop
ture, or any the more a loss, because effected
by fire? It can be of no consequence to the
go\eminent what was the agent of destruc-
tion, provided the owner was in no way culpable
himself, and the loss occurred in the service, and/b"
the service.
On recurring, however, to the actual facts in the
case, it is relieved of this objection of the senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] technical as nis; for
the loss, instead of having occired by a capture of
the enemy, was in fact caused by tire. It is true,
the cuemy captured the place, and constructively, ah
the property there, including the ships. But when
the enemy reached the place, which had been aban-
doned by our forccs, they found the ships on fire,
which they could not, or would nut, extinguish
Both ships were consumed, and with them the ef-
fects of the sailois.
This case, therefore, in all its essential features, h
as strong as'that of the Missouri. Both were lying
m port—both were destroyed by fire. In both cases,
the kit of the sailors was destroyed, when it might
have been saved by neglecling the property of the
public. In one respect, perhaps, the advantage is
on the side of the Adams. She was destroyed vol-
untarily, undei a patriotic and honorable impulse,
to prevent her falling into the hands of the enemy.
The Missouri was set on fire and destroyed by ac-
cident, originating, as some allege, in gross careless-
ness.
But another distinction is adverted to by the sen: =
