Congressional Giofefi.
the whole State on the tariff question. The resolu-
tion passed in the house by a unanimous vote of
81; in the senate by a vote of 30 to 1. This showed
clearly that there was no party vote on its adoption.
This was a subject in which those whom he in part
represented felt a deep interest. The reductions
under the compromise act prostrated the great in-
terests in Pennsylvania, spoken of in the resolutions.
The pressure which had borne down those interests
was removed by the passage of the tariff of 1849.
The feeling with which the minds of the manufac-
turers was depressed by the reductions under that act
has been changed. The act of 1842 has imparted to
the people 'in Pennsylvania a new life for business;
and they confidently hope that the vitality which busi-
ness now has, will not be destroyed by mistaken
legislation. The party to which he had the honor
to belong, were in favor of a tariff for revenue, with
incidental protection, believing that that would meet
the wants of all the great interests. The reduc-
tion on the article of rolled, hammered, and pig
iron, as proposed in the bill which has been re-
cently laid on their tables, might possibly be borne;
but this was not the act they complained of. It
was the deep reduction on all articles manufactured,
such as sheet iron, nails, spikes, rods, and every
other article which is manufactured out of the more
crude articles. Of what benefit would it be to the
manufacturers of bar iron or pigs, if all the articles to
which the material is to be applied was to be fur-
nished by a foreign market? It would remain on
his hands as an unsaleable drug. But there was
another blow aimed at our interests, and he was
sorry to say that blow comes from a quarter he
least expected. lie might, on this occasion, ex-
claim et tu quoque mi fili. He alluded to the intro-
duction of railroad iron free of duty; (a bill for
whichhad been reported from the Finance Com-
mittee in this body.) This would be worse—if
worse could be—than the bill to which he had just
alluded, which has originated in the House of Repre-
sentatives. Let us look for one moment (said Mr. S.)
at its effects. In the early construction of our rail-
roads, the flat bar was the material used. Its use
was now about-to be dispensed with, and had al-
ready, in many instances, been dispensed with, and
the T rail substituted. This would throw the
whole of flat bar rails into the market, and that
without a cent of duty. The Philadelphia and Bal-
timore railroad was, he understood, about to relay
30 miles of their road, which would probably
take seven or eight thousand tons. What would be
the amount of the flat bar rails thrown on the mar-
ket in consequence, he was not informed; but he
supposed it to be about three or four thousand tons.
The Philadelphia and Reading road was also about
to relay part, if not the greater proportion of their
road, throwing an equal, if not a greater amount on
the market. But the process would not stop there.
It was now said that the T rail was much inferior
to another improvement called the bridge rail; and
after being used for a few years, the T rail would
be dispensed with, and the bridge rail substituted.
Thus would another quantity of iron, duty free, be
thrown into the market.
All these operations would have a tendency to
deeply injure the iron interests in Pennsylvania.
In the circumstance of the introduction of the bill
in the Senate to admit railroad iron duty free, and a
knowledge of the fact that an immense amount of
old railroad iron would be thrown into the market,
the Senate would readily perceive the cause for the
great interest felt by the people of the manufactur-
ing districts of Pennsylvania, that the tariff, as it
now existed, should not be disturbed. In account-
ing for the cheap price of iron a short time since,
the senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Wood-
bury,] two days ago, remarked that the reduction
of the price of iron was materially owing to the in-
troduction of a superior process of manufacture.
He (Mr. S.) did not deny that, to a certain extent,
the introduction of improvements in the mode of
manufacturing had some effect upon the price; but
it could not have been the cause which produced
such ruinous results to the iron interests throughout
this country. He then went on to show the varia-
tion in the prices per ton, at different periods, for
several -years past, with a view to show how seri-
ously the iron interests were affected by the reduc-
tion of the tariff on that article; and to show that if
that interest had proper protection by the tariff, rail-
road and other iron could be manufactured and de-
livered at a much lower rate than the railroad com-
panies had heretofore paid. The manufacturers of
iron have all the materials necessary, and could soon
be prepared to manufacture sufficient for all the de-
mands of the country; but under the doubt in which
the policy of the country was involved, they were
afraid to operate extensively. He moved that the
resolution be read and printed.
Mr. WOODBURY said he did not rise to object
to the motion to print, or to enter into any discussion
of what had been stated by the senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Sturgeon.] But he would inform
the Senate that, in the place where high or low du-
ties now had little or no effect on the price of u*on 
as so small an amount was imported there, and a
near approach to half the manufactures of iron in the
civilized world existed—the price had greatly fallen,
and chiefly from new improvements in the making
of it. His authority for the remark a few days
ago, which had been lefer'red to—saying the price had
fallen to one-third of its former amount, was a
very high one—being a speech of Mr. Bright, a
member of Parliament, at Liverpool, last September.
Mr. STURGEON. The reason was, that there
was no demand.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK presented four memorials nu-
merously signed by citizens of Alleghany county, Ma-
ryland, praying that the duties on iron and coal may
not be reduced or altered from the rate fixed by the
tariff act of 1843: referred to the Committee on Pi-
nance.
On motion by Mr. UPIIAM, the petition of Jo-
seph Bogy, for a pension, was ordered to be taken
from the files, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. RIVES presented a petition from Rebecca
Beckham, the daughter of the late Robert Lovell,
who was a lieutenant in the war of the revolution,
asking Congress to grant commutation pay and
some consideration for the depreciation of the money
in which her father was paid: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, presented a memorial from the Colonization
society of the District of Columbia, asking the con-
sideration of Congress as to the expediency of pass-
ing some act to aid the settlements on the coast of
Africa, commenced by this country: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two memorials
from citizens of Pennsylvania, similar to a number
already presented, praying that no change may be
made in the present tariff, until by ascertained facts it
may be demonstrated that sudi change would be for
the better: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WHITE presented a memorial from certain
Stockbridge Indians, of the "citizen party," praying
that the proceeds of certain lands held in reserve un-
der treaty for school purposes, may be applied for
their general benefit: referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill from
the House, entitled "An act to change the time of
holding the spring term of the district court of the
United States for the eastern district of Virginia.
Also reported buck from the same committee, with
a recommendation that it do not pass, the bill from
the House for the relief of Joseph Ramsay.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported back, with an amendment, the
joint resolution from the House tendering the thanks
of Congress to the British authorities at Gibraltar,
and the commanding officers and crew of her Bri-
tanic Majesty's ship Malabar, for services rendered
on the occasion of the destruction of the steamer
Missouri by fire.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions-,
to which was referred the petition of the widow of
Peter Barrow for a pension,"asked to be discharged
from the. same, on the ground that, if the facts set
forth in the petition can be verified, relief can be ob-
tained from the department. The discharge was
granted, and leave was given to the petitioner to
withdraw her petition for presentation to the pension
office.
PENSION BILL.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the House bill, No.
60, making appropriations for the payment of revo-
lutionary and other pensioners of the United States
for the fiscal year, ending on the 30th of June, 1845,
was taken up, and the vote of yesterday, ordering
the Senate amendments to be engrossed for a third
reading, was reconsidered.
The bill then being in the condition in which it
was when coming from the committee of the whole
—that is, on concurring in the amendments of die
committee—
Mr. BAYARD stated objections which had oc-
curred to him since yesterday with regard to the
following proviso in tlie original bill:
"Provided, That no army or navy officer shall re-
ceive a pension while receiving pay from the govern-
ment as such; and that all laws inconsistent here-
with be, and'the same are hereby, repealed."
He thought the proviso required amendment in
two particulars: first, to make it extend to all per-
sons as well as army and navy officers; and, second,
to strike out that portion respecting existing laws.
He proposed a substitute for the whole proviso,
which he moved as an amendment. It was to strike
out all after the words "provided, that no," and in-
sert, "person in the army or navy shall be allowed
to draw both a pension as an invalid and the pay of
his rank or station in the service, unless the al-
leged disability was such as to occasion his employ-
ment in a lower grade in some civil branch of the
service."
Mr. B. stated that this would not prevent a per-
son disabled from performing the service in the rank
he held when so disabled, from being employed in
an inferior grade upon services he was competent to
perform, provided both his pension and pay did not
exceed the pay of his original grade.
Some debate arose as to the proper mode of ef-
fecting this amendment; which at length was cleared
up by
Mr. KING, who pointed out that the question
should be taken simply on amending the proviso;
and, that being decided, the question on the motion
of the committee of the whole to strike out the pro-
viso as amended, would come up; after which, the
bill would be in the condition in which it was
yesterday, when the amendments were ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayard's
amendment; which was adopted.
The question then recurring on concurring with
the committee of the whole in striking out the pro-
viso as amended,
Mr. EVANS called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
A short debate arose on the merits of the proviso,
in which Messrs. BAYA.RD, WRIGHT, KING,
and FOSTER concurred in the propriety of retain-
ing it as amended in the bill; and Messrs. PHELPS
and EVANS urged that it should be stricken out.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 18, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow. Bates, Berrien, Choate, Clayton,
Dayton, Kvans, .Johnson, Jarnagin, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Ph'vlps, Simmons, Tallmadge, Uphaio, White, and
Woodbridge—18.
NAYS—Allen, Athcrton, Bagbv, Bayard, Benton, Breese,
Buchanan, Crittenden, Fairfield, Foster, Fulton, Haywood,
Henderson. Huger, King, Mc Duflie, Merrick, Hives, Sevier,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, and Wright—24.
So the proviso, as amended, was not stricken out.
The amendments to the bill were then ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading. The bill was sub-
sequently read the third time, and passed.
RETRENCHMENT BILLS.
Mr. HAYWOOD, on leave, introduced a bill to
limit and prescribe the term of office of certain offi-
cers therein named, and for other purposes. [This
bill provides that the term of office of the Secretaries
ofStatc, Treasury, War, Navy, and the Postmaster
Genarsl, shall be limited to two years; and requiring
them to report to Congress annually, during the first
week of each session, the names of all the clerks in
their respective departments; the names of those
who died, resigned, or were removed; and if re-
moved, the causes of such removal, during the year
preceding, and the names of those who were ap-
pointed to fill their places, &c.] Read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAYWOOD said that the purpose of this
bill was to limit the term of office of those in whose
hands the power was vested, of appointing inferior
officers under the government. In other words, it
was a bill simple in its purpose, and designed to
enable the Senate, when proscription was thrown
upon inferior officers of this government by those
who have the appointing power, to strike at the
head of this system of oppression; and not to make
those who were the unfortunate subjects of pro-
scription in one instance, the subjects of a different
form of proscription in another.
