April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43c
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Leonard.
H. of Reps.
effect at the next presidential election. It was be-
lieved fully and decidedly, that no legislative aid
would be required or necessary on the part of the
States to carry out the law; that the amendment
should not be adopted, but that the bill should pass,
as he (Mr. fit.) had reported it from the committee.
Let a careful examination be made, and see if any
legislation on the part of the States will be required
or necessary. Congress had omitted to exercise
the power given to it by the constitution. Congress
had not "determined the time" or day when the
presidential election should be held; and while it
omitted to fix the time or day, it was fully and
clearly competent for the States to fix the time or
day of election, at any time within thirty-four days
preceedmg the fust Wednesday of December. The
States hud done so since 1792, the date of t'">c law
alluded to. But when Congress saw fit to exercise
the power with which it was clothed, and did fix the
time, then the time designated by a State became a
mere nullity. The United States law was paramount
to the State law, and must be the one which should
control. To illustrate the position: Maine has pass-
ed a law fixing the time of election on the eleventh day
of November. In the same law, the manner of call-
ing the meetings, receiving the votes, and returning
them, and all the provisions necessary to complete
the elections, arc contained. The law under con-
sideiation fixes the time upon the fifth day of No-
vember. The day fixed by Maine, and the day
determined upon by Congress, do not agree. Will
additional legislative action be required of Maine to
obviate this difference of time? It was thought not.
It will be carefully borne in mind that Congress
can only determine the time. *.111 the other acts
necessary to cany on fm election must be
adopted by the States. The time determined upon
by Congress is the pui amount law of the country.
It must, and did, in effect, negative, expung, and de-
stroy, so much of the State law as related to time;
while it did not at all affect or disturb any other
provision of the State law, except the time. All the
rest of the State law of Maine remained in full force,
and applied to the time determined by Congress—
that time being the paramount law. In effect, the
United States laws struck out the time fixed by the
States severally, and placed its own time there in
its stead; leaving all the rest of the provisions and
machinery of the State law to apply. The Uni-
ted States law abrogated the time fixed by the State
law, and left the remaining part to apply; the two
laws being taken together upon the same principle
that you would construe two statutes upon the same
question, so that both make one law. In this
view of the case, Mr. H. feaid he was happy to state
that every legal gentleman with whom he had con-
ferred, agreed; and he had examined the matter
with considerable care, and had the concurrence of
gentlemen in whose opinions lie placed much confi-
dence. The State of South Carolina appoint, or
elect, as they have the unquestionable right to do,
their electors by the State legislature. It would
therefore require an extra session of the legislature
of that State. It was to be regretted that the bill
before the House, if it should become a law, shou'd
incommode any State. Yet its great importance
should overcome all minor considerations, and the
great good designed should insure its passage.
Each State would judge for itself whether its laws
would apply, and whether any and what State legis-
lation would be necessary to make the one law har-
monise fully with the other.
But suppose the construction given to the law
was wrong—admitting that additional State legis-
lation would be necessary and absolutely required
to carry out the provisions of his law and make it
harmonize: what then should be done? It was not
admitted at all that any additional State legislation
would be required; but even if such were the case,
should the House be deterred from the passage of
a law of so much and so vital importance. By no
means Let the bill be parsed into a law by all
means, though it should be necessary to convene
the legislature of every Sfate in the Union. The
welfare of the country, the puiity of elections, and
every proper consideration, urges its adoption. As
the welfare of the country was regarded, and as they
should obey the public will in this matter, express-
ed and sent up from State legislatures, and declared
by the newspaper press, in many cases without re-
gard to party, no consideration should suffer this
important measure to be defeated. As they would
preserve the great basis of our government pure
and uncorrupted, and thereby perpetuate it, let the
bill before them be passed mto o law of the laud.
SPEECH OF MR. LEONARD,
of new york,
In Ike House of Representative April 1, 1844.—In
Committee of the Whole, on the tariff.
Mr. LEONARD addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
I rise very reluctantly, Mr. Chairman, to address
the committee; and but for the deep interest my con-
stituents feel and have in the subject now under con-
sideration, I would not occupy their time with any
remarks upon the present occasion. I shall not be
considered as misjudging, if I venture the assertion
that quite too large a portion of the time of this
House is taken up in unprofitable discussions, but
little calculated to throw lisrht upon the various sub-
jects of legislation, or useful for disseminating valua-
ble or correct information among those for whom
they are more particularly intended. And as it is
generally understood that a large portion of the
speeches made in Congress are intended for an out-
door market, rather than for any valuable purposes
of legislation, I have hitherto maintained an unob-
trusive position, and I purpose to preserve it for the
future. It is with more reluctance that I occupy the
time of the committee, inasmuch as I am unaccus-
tomed to public speaking, and am aware that it will
be more difficult for me to address myself as intelli-
gibly to the committee as I otherwise could hope to
do.
I am not insensible, Mr. Chairman, of the im-
portance of this question, and shajl not regret the
time spent in discussing the subject, if, by any
means, we can effect a proper adjustment of our rev-
enue laws.
It will be my purpose, in what I may say upon
this subject, to notice the operations of the tariff act
of 1842, to show some of its unequal and proscrip-
tive features, the gross injustice it does to the great
mass of the people, and its injurious tendency to de-
stroy the -commerce of the country.
I shall not stop, then, to settle the elementary
principles of the protective policy, upon which this
act is based; but shall show to the committee, as I
hope to do, that, notwithstanding the plausibility of
the defence in support of this act, it is one of the
grossest acts ot injustice ever perpetrated by an
American Congress upon a free and intelligent
people.
Sir, the bankrupt act was not, in my opinion, so
much deserving the condemnation of ihecommunity
as this. And yet, because of the injustice and fraud
that was allowed to be perpetrated by one portion of
the community upon another, it was repealed by the
s;ime Congress that enacted it. This, so far as T
know, made no pretentions to guard the public
morals. By ccrtain forms of legal proceedings, it re-
leased the debtor from his obligations to the creditor;
and, by its ex post facto provisions, violated the
solemn obligations of contract. But it was urged
and passed because of the necessities of the case—a
large portion of the community had gambled them-
selves into bankruptcy, and it was reserved for the
97th Congress to legislate them out of it.
It having served its purpose, it was repealed—
a step not more decidedly demanded by the people,
then the repeal of the act I am now about to con-
sider.
The tariff act of 1843, was represented, and by its
title purported, to be a bill to raise revenue. But,
sir, what are its distinctive features' Is it a reve-
nue bill? Was it the intention of those who framed
it, and advocated it to its passage, so to settle its
principles and carry ou4 its details as to make it a
revenue bilP Sir, I hesitate not to say if a high pro-
tective tariff bill ever passed the Congress of the
United States, this is even more so. And if ever'an
act was passed highly disgraceful to "American legis-
lation," this is more so. And however great may be
the individual, or however exalted, who would
condemn the one, and laud the other, he must
stand convicted of the grossest inconsistency—not
to apply a more deserving epithet, which the infer-
ence would fairly warrant. Believing myself that
both acts stand upon the same footing, that both are
equally protective, and passed for the same purposes
ostensibly, I condemn them both as unworthy a
place upon the statute books of this nation, entirely
at war with, and hostile to, the free and liberal insti-
tutions of this country.
I confess the policy of this government has been,
and now is, to collect its revenue from imposts,
by an imposition of duties upon importations, in-
stead of direct taxation. The effect and operation
of this system is to tax articles of consumption to
the exclusion of property; and so long as it is the
wish of the the majority of the people to continue
this practice, it is the duty of their representatives to
perpetuate the system. But in the formation of our
revenue laws, the interest of all classes should be
carcfully guarded, and the industrial portions of the
people particularly protected against associated
wealth and influence. Sir, however much I may dif-
fer from the majority, upon this subject, not under-
standing why property should escape its shaie of
taxation, and not bear its proportion of the expenses
of government, inasmuch as laws are made and
governments instituted to protect property, as well
as individuals, or persons, yet so long as it is the
wish of the people to continue the present system,
1 feel bound to obey their will. But in the foima-
tion of laws providing for this indirect taxation by
the imposition of duties, I would have them approach
as near to the free-trade standard as possible, dis-
criminating for the purposes of revenue, excepting
upon luxuries, and such more particularly as are
not only unnecessary, but destiuctive to health, upon
which I would increase the rates beyond such reve-
nue standard. Even under such a modification of
the tariff, after discriminating most carefully, and
guarding with the most entire caution against abuses,
it will require but little discrimination to see that
a large portion of the expenses of government are
thrown upon the poorer classes of society. This I
contend must be the operation of a system that taxes
articles of consumption for revenue to the exclusion of
property, inasmuch as the poor form the larger por-
tion of-the community. It is no purpose of mine to
draw invidious distinctions, and to classify a commu-
nity; for I know that, in all countries and under the
most liberal and benign governments, there will be the
poor and unfortunate. It would seem that Provi-
dence has so ordered that some must struggle with
adversity, whilst others, more favored, are made the
recipients of wealth and its attendant blessings.
But this distinction affords no ground for partial
legislation, unless n be to favor the poorer classes
whom misfortunes have rendered the subjects of
special regard.
But, Mr. Chairman, how is this system recon-
ciled to the different interests into which our people
are engaged?
In speaking of our revenue laws—and I now re-
fer to the protective latvs—the term incidental protection
is used as distinguished from direct and positive pro-
tection, which this system actually affords to the
manufacturing classes at the expense of all others,
and with great injustice to every other branch of
business. There is no reason for this, lfthis system
be right and equal. But because it is unequal, and
because it is unjust, it is sought to shield it by the
artful covering of words, and blind the understand-
ings of the people to its actual operations. Tins
alone should condemn the measure—that it cannot
bear the scrutinizing test of investigation. I will,
however, notice the effects of this system upon one
or two products which it claims to benefit.
The article of wool, by the acts of 1821, 1828,
and 1843, receives a certain protection. In the
former but a slight, and in the two latter a more
considerable protection. By the act of 1828, the
better qualities of wool were protected 4 cents
per pound and 40 per centum ad vrlorem. Wool
was worth to the American wool grower at this time
65 cents per pound; but under the operations of this
law, it fell to one-half of this sum, viz: to 35 and
45 cents per pound. This will not appear strange
when the farmer is told that the same tariff provided
a duty upon the manufactures of wool of from 40 to
70 per centum, discriminating largely in favor of the
manufactured article. Before this wool was export-
ed at the prices named, (65 cents,) but soon was
brought into competition with the foreign, the duty
upon which was so much in its favor that, notwith-
standing the cheap labor of other countnes, it could
not be imported when manufactured, and pny th«
high duties, and compete with the domestic arlicle.
Every farmer knows well that his wool decreased
m price, whilst cloth sustained nearly its former
prices, but could not divine the cause; and yet the
farmer is told that his wool must be protected; and
is made to believe that it really is so, when he sees
it named in a tariff bill with these specific duties im-
posed upon the foreign article. But suppose, for
the argument, that the price of wool was actually
increased per pound m proportion to the amount of
duty imposed: would the country or the wool grow-
er be the richer for it? Certainly not. The manufac-
turer buys it at the increased price, and sells the man-
ufactured article with not only a profit upon lus labor
