CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi
He moved its reference to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. TAPPAN suggested that there was a Com-
mittee on Retrenchment—or. at least there was a
committee of that' name,' appointed at the last ses-
sion. He should be very glad to furnish some bu-
siness for it; and therefore suggested the reference
of the bill to that committee.
Mr. HAYWOOD also, on leave, introduced a bill
to reduce the salary of the President of the United
States to $15,000, with the use of the mansion and
furniture, and a reasonable allowance for fuel and
lights: read twice, and referred to the Committee
on Retrenchment.
Also, introduced a bill to fix the salary of the
chief justice and associate justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and those hereafter to
be appointed. [The bill fixes the salary of the
chief justice at $4,000 per annum, and associates at
$3,500,] Referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, introduced a bill to fix and regulate the sala-
ries of the Secretaries of Stare, Treasury, War,
Navy, Postmaster General, and Attorney General.
[The bill- fixes the salary of each of those officers,
except the Attorney General, at §5,000 per annum,
from and after the 4th of March, 1845; and the
salary of the Attorney General at <£3,000 per annum.]
Head twice, and referred to the Committee on Re-
trenchment.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the Senate took up
the bill to restore the summer term of the United
States district court of the district of Ohio, from
Cincinnati to Columbus, having been returned from
the House with an amendment, providing that the
removal shall not 'take place until after the next
July term of the said court at Cincinnati.
Mr. MOREHEAD made some remarks showing
the great number of cases on the docket at Cincin-
nati, and the great inconvenience which will result
to the citizens in that section of the country, if the
bill was passed; andjmoved that it be recommitted to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
This proposition was opposed in remarks of
much length, by Messrs. TAPPAN and ALLEN,
and by a few remarks by Mr. WOODBRIDGE.
The question was then put on the motion to re-
commit, and it was determined in the negative.
The amendment of the House was then con-
curred in.
fox and Wisconsin rivers.
The bill making a grant of land to improve the
navigation of Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to
connect the name by a canal in the Territory of
Wisconsin, was read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the House bill for
relief of John Muller was taken up, considered in
committee of the whole, reported back to the Sen-
ate, read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate bill,
making appropriations for the continuation of the
continuation of the Cumbeiland road in the States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, was taken up, and
made the special order for Thursday next.
On motion, it was agreed, that when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. BARROW moved to take up the hill to pro-
vide for the adjustment of certain land elaims
within flic States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Arkansas, arid for other purposes.
The bill being taken up, on motion of Mr. BAR-
ROW, it was made the special order for Monday
next.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE AND ABATEMENT
Of THE FRANKING FRTVILKGK.
On motion by A'Ir. MERRICK, the special orders
were taken up, and the .Senate, as in committee of
the whole, proceeded to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 51, being
"A bill to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the
use and correct the abuse of the franking privilege,
and for the prevention of riauds on the revenues of
the Post Otiice Department."
The hill, a* reported by the Committee oh the
Post Office and Post Roads, and printed, contained
the amendments proposed by that committee, which
amendments became the fir.st subject of considera-
tion now before the Senate.
The following is as brief a compendium of the
bill and amendments as the nature of the subject
will admit of being made:
Sec. 1. Upon every letter not exceeding half an
ounce, and conveyed a distance not exceeding 100
mdeS; the postage dhall be five cents; over 100 miles
ten cents. Letters weighing more than half an
ounce, and not exceeding three-fourths of an ounce,
double postage; exceeding three-fourths of an ounce,
and not exceeding one ounce, treble postage; ami
for eveiy excess of weight of one-fourth of an
ounce, five cents or ten cents additional, according
as the distance does not, or does, exceed 100 miles.
Sec. 2; Newspapers not exceeding 1,325 square
inches, free of postage within the county in which
they are printed; and if sent beyond the county,
and not exceeding 100 miles, half a cent each, and
one cent for greater distances: provided, the editors
or publishers keep a list or register of all papers
sent by mail, noting the day sent, the office in which
deposited for transmission, and the office sent to; cer-
tifying and returning the same quarterly to the Post-
master General, on which the postmasters shall be
charged the postage; and refusal or neglect to make
such returns shall subject the publishers or editors
to the rates of postage chargeable under the act of
3d March, 1825. All newspapers exceeding 1,325
square inches ta be subject to the same postage as
now exists; that is, for a distance not exceeding 100
miles, 1 cent; and greater than 100 miles, 3} cent;
and one ccnt additional for every * excess of 250
square inches.
Sfx. 3. Pamphlets, magazines, periodicals, and
such printed matter, for each copy, 2] cents, not
exceeding 1 oz. in weight, for 100 miles; and 5 cents
for any greater distance; j cent additional for each
additional ounce on any distance.
Sec. 4. The Postmaster General authorized,
when necessary, in case of too great a mass of mat-
ter having to be carried by mail, to forward the let-
ter mail separately for greater speed.
Sec. 5. The twenty-seventh section of the act of
3d March, 1825, and all other acts and part of acts
granting the privilege of receiving and transmitting
free of postage, letters, packets, newspapers, period-
icals, and all other matters, repealed.
Sec. 6. Officers of the government heretofore hav-
ing the franking privilege, to keep an account of
postage touching their office business, which, duly
verified, shall be allowed them. The deputy post-
masters to be allowed the postages on their official
business, and to be allowed to transmit, fiee of post-
age, letters and packages in the business of their of-
fice, endorsing thereon "post office business" over
their signatures respectively; subject, for every such
endorsement falsely made, to a nne of §50.
Sec. 7. The President of the United States, the
Vice President, all ex-Presidents, the widow of any
ex-President, all ex-Vice Presidents, Secretaries of
State, of the Treasury, of War, and of the Navy,
the Postmaster General, and Attorney General,
authorized to frank and receive letters, packages,
newspapers, pamphlets, and magazines, free of
postage. The act authorizing the governors of the
several States to transmit by mail certain books and
documents, to continue in force. The members of
Congress, the delegates of Teiritories, secretary of
the Senate and clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, authorized to transmit, free ofpostage, to any
post office in the United States or Territories, any
documents printed by either House of Congress.
Sec. 8.t Each member of the Senate and the
House of Representatives, and each delegate from a
Territory, the secretary of the Senate and the clerk
of the Home of Representatives, may receive by
mail, free of postage, any letter, newspaper, or
packet, not exceeding two ounces in weight, from
the time such member or delegate, takes his seat in
Congress to the cxpiiation of his term of election or
termination of his services; and all postages charged
upon letters, packages, petitions, memorials, or other
matters or things received by any senator, member
or delegate of the Hou^e of Representatives, touch-
ing his official or legislative duties, by reason of any
excess of weight above two ounces, to be paid out
of the contingent fund.
Skc. 9. Tn lieu of the privilege heretofore allowed
to members of Congress of sending to their constit-
uents and others letters and other written or printed
communications free of postage through the mail,
each member of Congress, and delegate from a Ter-
ritory shall be supplied with a number of free
stamps or envelopes equal to five per day for the
highest rate ofpostage on letters not exceeding one
half ounce m weight each; from the day delivered, to
the commencement of the next annual session of
Congress; and in like manner from the first day of
each session to the first day of the succeeding
session.
Sec. 10. Prohibitory of private expresses or other
transmission of mail matter than through the post
office mail; penalty $150 for each offence.
Sec. 11. Stage coaches, railroad cars, steamboats,
packetboats or other vehicles or vessels, prohibited
carrying mail matter, except such as may relate to
cargoes of said vessels, or articles conveyed by
vehicles; penalty $100:- the driver, captain, or con-
ductor, also to forfeit $50.
Sf.c. 12. Owners of such modes of conveyance
knowingly allowing persons carrying mail matter,
passage or conveyance, subject to same penalties as
carriers of private expresses.
Sec. 13. Persons sending such mail-matter un-
lawfully, subject to penalty of $50 for each offence.
Sec. 14. Foreign ships, steam vessels, &c. pro-
hibited from transmitting mail matter from one part
of the United States to another, or the persons in
charge knowingly carrying persons so transmit-
ting mail matter unlawfully, penalty for each offence
$500.
Sec. 15. This act not to affect, the 6th section of
the act of 3d March, 1825, nor prohibit the transport-
ation of letters by steamboats as therein authorized;
provided the conditions of said section are strictly
complied with; otherwise the pains and penalties
applicable under this act to be enforeed.
Sec. 16. The Postmaster General authorized to
contract with steamboat captains or owners for trans-
mission of the mails on the western or others waters
of the United States for any length of time or num-
ber of trips, less than the time of contracts usually
made under existing laws, without previous advertise-
ment, provided the price of such service shall not be
greater than the average of previous contracts on the
same route.
Sec. 17. That mailable matter and matter properly
transmissible by mail shall be deemed letters, newspa-
pers, magazines, pamphlets, and periodicals, in reg-
ular series or successive numbers under the same
title, and all other written or printed matter, whereof
each copy shall not exceed 8 ounces, except bank
notes sent in packages or bundles without written
letters accompanying them: bound books of any-
kind not included. Nothing in this act to be con-
strued as prohibiting the transportation otherwise
than by mail of such magazines, pamphlets, period-
icals, &c., in parcels for sale, but not for distribu-
tion.
To the foregoing, the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads recommended to be added the two
following sections, viz:
Sec. 18. Any person or persons guilty of forging
or counterfeiting any stamp or envelop purporting
to be under authority of this law, or falsely altering
or uttering the same, or assisting to do so, to be ad-
judged guilty of felony; and if convicted by due pro-
cess of law, to be kept at hard labor for not less than
six months nor more than five years, and fined not
exceeding $5,000.
Sec. 19. The term newspaper used in this act to
be deemed any printed publication issued in num-
bers consisting of not more than two sheets, and
published at short stated intervals of not more
than one week, conveying intelligence of passing
events, and bona fide extras and supplements of such
publications. Nathme herein contained to prevent
the free exchange of newspapers between the pub-
lishers thereof as provided for under the 29 th sec-
tion of the act of 3d March, 1825.
The further amendments, or the alterations of the
hill suggested by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, will be understood from what fol-
lows.
Mr. SIMMONS did not think the number of
square inches [1,600, instecd of 1,325] specified in
the amendment sufficient to cover every description
of newspaper.
T i^r; thought the senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Simmons] was mistaken in supposing
1,600 square inches would not cover all classes of
newspapers throughout the country. It was true,
it would not apply to the Brother Jonathan and the
.New World, the only two papers of extraordinary
dimensions in ihe country; but it was the intention
ii committpR 'hat papers of that description
should be chajged for as periodicals and pamphlets.
],325 square inches was, at first, deemed sufficient
to cover all classes of newspapers; but, in order to
leave no room for doubt upon the subject, 1 600
was adopted; and he felt very sure that.' would be
found amply sufficient to cover every leo-itimatfi
newspaper in the country. &
Mr. SIMMONS had been informed that it did
not cover the New York Express, the Commercial
Advertiser, or Journal of Commerce.
