424
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Island and himself had differed upon this subject in
committee; and he (Mr. M.) merely rose for the
purpose of asking the senators present to give their
consideration to the subject deliberately, before it
came to be acted upon. The committee recommend
and propose, by this bill, to reduce the rates of post-
age to five cents for .all distances not exceeding 100
miles. By reference to the report of the Post-
master General, (document No. 50,) it would
be seen that, according to the rates recommend-
ed by the committee, they attached an aver-
age rate of about seven cents upon all letters
transmitted through the mails. They had based
their calculations upon that estimate, and upon the
number ofletters transmitted by private mails, and
felt assured that the loss, and more than the loss, in
the reduction which they proposed, would be made
up by the stoppage of these private mails. The
rate, however, proposed by the senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Simmons,] would be too great a reduc-
tion. The department could not be sustained by it.
The object of the committee was to reduce the post-
age as low as they possibly could, in order to grati-
fy the public desire throughout the country, but at
the same time not to sacrifice to that object the oth-
er and more important one of preserving a revenue
for the department fully adequate to the defrayment
of all its proper and just expenses. By the bill, as it
stood, that could be effected; but if the amendment
proposed by the senator from Rhode Island were
adopted, we should fall greatly short of obtaining a
sufficient revenue. His friend from Rhode Island
seemed to think that there would be a great increase
in the number of letters sent by mail, if the amend-
ment which he had offered were adopted; but lie
(Mr. M.) hoped there would be a great increase by
the bill as it stood, and that the public generally
would be satisfied—that, in fact, they were satisfied
for the public had seen the bill, with the reductions
proposed; and presuming they were so, instead of
having the opposition of the public sentiment when it
came to be a law, it would have the concurrence of
the public sentiment. When the Senate came to
consider this matter, he felt assured it would con-
cur with him in opinion.
Mr. WOODBURY observed, that he wished to
call the attention of the chairman to a single con-
sideration connected with franking by postmasters
which seemed to be overlooked. '
The postmasters exceeded in number 13,700
while the members of Congress were less than'300!
What were the franks per head of each? He would
probably find those by postmasters very few for
each officer. But, on another point, he hoped, that
before our next meeting the opinion of the Postmas-
ter General would be obtained on the whole bill.
Mr. MERRICK said the annual report of the
1 ostmastcr Gennral was against anv change.
Mr. WOODBURY saiefhe understood that. But
on a bill of this magnitude, reorganizing the whole
revenues of one of the great establishments of the
country, he thought it useful to have the views of
the heud of the department on the details, as well
us the_gener.il features of the measure. The posi-
tion of the officer entitled him to consideiation oil
the question, and, for one, he was not unwilling to
see and canvass, and face his suggestions, even if
unfavorable to former piedilcetions.
Mr. W. begged the chairman to consider, also, if
the proposition made by the senator from Rhode
Island prevailed, whether the tariff", or scale of post-
ages, ought not to be on a still lower standard in
some respects.
It had been proposed, m some quarters, to have
the postages only three, or four cents under 100
miles, but. five cents from 100 to 400, and ten only
abo\e 400 miles. Some had carefully computed
that more revenue would be obtained by this than
by the present bill. He hoped the chairman would
give us the benefit of his views on it at the next
meeting.
Mr. EVANS hoped the amendment proposed by
thebena'or from Rhode Island would not be pressed
upon this occasion; and, indeed, that no further ac-
tion might be had upon ihe bill at this time. It was
a matter of very great importance; and he confessed
that his opinion about it was very different from that
entertained by the honorable chairman, [Mr. Mer-
rick.] He strongly believed that if tins bill became
a law as it now stood, its effects would be quite dif-
ferent from what was expected. He should not at
all be surprised if it broke down one-half of the post
offices m the United States. It would be perceived
that the compensation of postmasters (and in that
respect the bill made no change) was already very
low. There were a great many postmasters in the
country, whose chief inducement to accept the office
was the fanking privilege. It was what their com-
pensation principally consisted ill.
The honorable senator [Mr. Merrick] said you
will get a great deal into the mail which now goes
by private express. _ There were no considerable es-
tablishments of this , kind in the country except in
Boston, Philadelphia, and perhaps a . little to the
westward; and the reduction of postage proposed
would affect a large proportion of the country
where no such means of conveyance existed.
He was very much afraid (although he con-
fessed he had not examined the . bill very tho-
roughly) that, while the revenue would be increased
on some great lines, upon a much larger number it
would be reduced.
lie merely threw out these remarks as matters
tor the consideration of the honorable chairman,
and to suggest to the Senate whether there was not
cause for very serious apprehension. He would
like to know, in conclusion, whether this bill, in its
present form, had received the sanction of the head
of the Post Office Department.
Mr. MERRICK said he could answer the last
question of the honorable senator. It had not re-
ceived the sanction of the Postmaster Genera], and,
in all probability, never would. He understood'
that that gentleman was opposed to any alteration
in the present post office arrangements. This was
a matter about which he knew very little. He did
not look to that functionary for sanction. It was
for the Senate to legislate and decide upon laws of
this kind.
Mr. M. then proceeded to answer the objections
of the senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] in regard
to the effects of the proposed reduction; and sup-
ported his argument by reading estimates from the
report of the Postmaster General of January ]8
1844. '
After a few remarks in reply by Messrs. EVANS
and SIMMONS, it was agreed to pass the niatfer
over informally, with an understanding that Mr.
Merrick would have the priviledgo of calling up
the bill for final action oil Wednesday next. °
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 22, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BRODHEAD, by the unanimous oonspnt of
the House, presented resolutions of the legislature
of Pennsylvania, on the subject ofthe tariff. °
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
of the Whole, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McClelland, by general consent, in-
troduced certain resolutions of the legislature of the
State of Michigan; which were laid oil the table and
ordered to be printed. '
Mr. HUNT gave notice of his intention to in-
troduce a bill.
Mr. M. BROWN desired permission to offer a
resolution of inquiry; but the orders ofthe dav be-
ing call for—
Mr. B. moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER observed that the rules were al-
ready suspended, on motion of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] yesterday, to enable him to
offer a resolution.
Mr. BROWN said lie was under the impression
that that suspension applied only to yesteiday.
Ihe SI EA1CER said it applied to the considera-
tion of the subject' for which they were suspended.
Mr. BROWN said he did not wish to be trouble-
some, but he desired information upon both sides
ofthe question.
Mr. HOPKIiNS said he believed the gentleman
objected yesterday to the. inquiry, and he supposed,
therefore, he did not desire information. '
Mr. WELLER inquned what was the business
first in order.
The SPEAKER explained that it was the resolu-
tion offered by the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. WELLER. Will the Speaker have (he
goodness to inform me how that lesolution got pre-
cedence over mine.
The SPEAKER replied that it was m conse-
quence of a suspension of the rules
Mr. HAMLIN said, inasmuch as there seemed to
be a question as to the order of business, he would,
with leave of the House, withdraw his motion; and
it was accordingly withdrawn.
The SPEAKER Said the business in order now
would be the motion to print 15,000 extra copies of
the report of the Committee of Ways and Means';
and upon this motion the previous question had
been demanded.
In seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, 59 votes were counted in the affirmative, when
tellers were demanded and appointed, who reported
73 affirmative votes, and 26 negative.
Not being a quorum—
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House;
and upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
demanded and ordered, and being taken, resulted
thus—Yeas 0G, nays 75.
So the call of the House was refused.
The question recurring on seconding the demand
for the previous question, it was carried—ayes 73,
noes-43; and the mam question was then ordered to
be put.
Mr. RAMSEY called for the yeas and nays on
the main question, i. e. the adoption of the resolu-
tion; which being ordered, that question was taken,
and decided in the affirmative—yeas 1UH, nays 51,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Bidlack, Edward J Black, James
A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhofi,
Brodheud, Aaron V. ljnnv 11, William J. Brown, Burke. Buit,
Caldwell, Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman; Augustus A
Chapman, Chilton, Clinton. Cobb, Coles, Cro*s, Cullom
Dana, Daniel, Richard I). Davis, John TV. Davis, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Fickhn, Foster, French,
Byraui Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hamrnett, Haralson, Herrick,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell,
Hughes, Hungerford, James B Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jameson, Ca\e Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche. Leonard, Lu.
cas Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, Mac.lay, McClclland,
McClcrnand, McCounell, McDowell, McKay, Murphy
Owen Parmcnter. Payne, Fmery D. Potter, Pratt, Pnrdy!
David S Reid, Reding, Relle, Ritter, Robinson, Russell
Saunders, Thomas 11. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell
John r Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Met-
son. John Stewart, Stiles, Stonp, strong Sykt> Taylor
Thompson. Tibbatts, Tucker,teller, TTentw orth, Wheaton'
Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost-lOS
NA\S—Messrs Abbott, Adams, Baker, Bammed, Milton
brown, Jort-miah Brown, Bulling ton, Clinch rhnffman
< ollamer, Cranston, (iarrett Daws, Delict, Dickey, Grin-
noil, Hardin, Haipur, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P Kennedy,
Darnel P. King, ivlclhamc. IVioish, Edward J. Moms
Morso, Jiosplej, .\es, Newton, Patterson, Ehsha R Potter'
Ramsey Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schonck, Senter!
Caleb 8 Smith, Stephens, Thomasson, Tilden. Tyler
* Vranmeter, Vmton, Wethered, White, Winthrop'
and W llliam Wright—51.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolvtd, That the following be added to the
standing rules of the House. "Immediately after
the Speaker taking the Chair each morning, the
Clerk shall proceed to eall the roll of the members
orthe House, and shall thereupon enter upon the
journal the names of thernembexs who are present,
and also those who are absent.
Mr. DIGKF/V called for the yeas and nays on
the question, whieh were accordingly ordered, and
being taken, resulted in—yeas S5, nays 8G, as fol-
lows:
. YKAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, .Atkinson, Baker, Ear
ringer, Bentoil, Bidlack, Blaokuell, Bower, \nltuti Uroy. n,
Z'l ,T li™\vn' Jeiemiah Brown, Bufflngton, Burke,
Knit, Reul.cn chapman, I. obb, ( ollamer, Cranston, Cross
Cullom Dana (iarrett Dans, Dickey, Elmer, Ficch'
HurtcsSi (""'i harper, Henley. Hopkins, Hudson,
in i! ?C' V,' Wellington llunt, James B Hunt,
Joseph u Ingersoll, Jameson. Care Johnson, Perlev B
h rdrT Johnson Dan,el p. Kinsr, Latnanchci
Lucas McCaUblen, Me( lelland, McConne;., .Mclhairie
r -'n "ar J' A!orrl<. Morse, .Vurnhy, Kes 1 evton'
Fottrr, t ratt, Ramsey, Rathbun, David S Beid,' Rcdnr^'
<£V'h Ssi'r?' Sample, Renter, Simons, Albert Smith'
Sides stoii'p s'f t'°t>ert Smith, steemod, Andiew Stewart!
' bt0" • ,stro,1S' hummer:, Thoniasran, Ihomn'on
'Iibbatts, Tucker, Vance, U eller Wtntvvmt ,
Woodward, William Wnght, ami Joseph A. Wright—so '
Blacts™ -mp' IM««r.l J Black, James A.
Vtow 'i'ilSlVf01 Ilimkeilioft, Jirodliead Aaron
 \ r ' , Pl11: ' Car-V' ''arroll, Catlm, Au-
?.' ■!' Tf, ( hapman. Chappcll, Clinch Cimgman, Clinton
I Oles, Da licl, Richard l). Uavis, John \v. Davis Dellet
jromgoole Dunlap, Klhs, Ficklin, KoMer, Bvram Green
Hale Hamlm, Hammett, Havs, Herrick Holmes Hope'
"utard, Hubbell Charles J. Ingersoll, Imn!
t/ ,i-v 1 ^eoigc W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston Kiif'
(n-kpatiick Leonard Lumpkin, Lj on, AJaclay, McClci-
'V' p t| liarch, Moseley, Newton, Owen, Psr-
Rclf «!?,, H°?■ ayne' Ppttit< Lrae'y D. Potter, Pnrdy
,w« « i , 3*0.bl"b0n' Rockwell, Russell, St John Saun-
dtrs Schenek, Thomas H. Seymour John T Smith Thomas
Smith, Stephens, Stetson, John Stewart, Sykes Tailor
\vinth' n aum.t;!er. Vmton, Wethered, "VI heaton, "VVillums
H mthrop, andl ost—S6.  "*uanis,
So the rules were not suspended.
THE OREGON TERRITORY,
WENT WORTH called up the resolution
which lie offered on the 18th instant, to print 10 000
extra copies of the report of the Committee on Ter-
