CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
ritories, in relation to the Oregon; and he moved the
pfevious question thereon.
The previous question was sustained, and the re-
solution was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT'S resolution to place the furnaces
under the hall of the House of Representatives in
charge of the door keeper, and to empower him to
appoint a messenger to attend thereto, was taken
up, and agreed to.
Mr. M. BROWN moved a suspension of the
rules to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury, at
the same time, and in connexion with the infor-
mation called for by the resolution of this House,
passed 21st of March, 1844, on the subject of banks,
and losses of the government occasioned by banks,
also report how many banks were chartered an-
nually during the period therein specified, and the
amount of capital of each—to wit, from 1816 to
1844, and by what legislatures chartered; and further
specify how much has been lost to the government
through and by banks chartered by State legisla-
tures, and how much from the Bank of the United
States chartered by Congress.
He called for the yeas on suspending the rules,
and on being taken, they resulted thus—yeas 74,
nays 94.
So the rules were not suspended
SLAVE REPRESENTATION.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the Select Committee
on the Resolutions of the Legislatures of Virginia
and Alabama, on the proposed amendment of the
constitution, so as to prevent slave representation,
which was suggested by resolutions from the legisla-
ture of Massachusetts, made a report, accompanied
by several resolutions, on which he called for the
yeas and nays, and demanded the previous question.
He said the committee had drawn a short report
only because their desire was to secure a vote of the
House for or against the proposed amendment of the
constitution, so that the country might know whether
the vote of this House would sanction the change,
or tend to preserve the constitution. There was
nothing in it harsh or unkind to the legislature or
people of Massachusetts.
The Select Committee report that the com-
mittee have maturely considered the proposition of
the general assembly of Massachusetts, to amend the
constitution of the United States, by apportioning rep-
resentatives and direct taxes according to the whole
number of free persons, excluding Indians not
taxed, and also the three-fifths of all other persons
now embraced in the determination of federal num-
bers. This proposition is strongly and unanimously
condemned by the general assembly of Virginia,
and is regarded, in truth, as a proposition virtually
to dissolve the Union. The committee, believing
that the basis of representation and direct taxation,
as regulated in the constitution, was the result of a
spirit of concession and compromise which was
indispensable to the union of the States, and to the
formation and ratification of that constitution as or-
dained and established, arc of opinion that the pro-
posed alteration of the compromises would produce
a peaceable or violent dissolution of the Union. The
committee, anxiously desirous of preserving the con-
stitution in its pure meaning, as formed by the conven-
tion, and ratified by the States, and confidently believ
ingthat such is the deliberate sense of the States and of
the people thereof, with very rare exceptions, are of
opinion that no such proposition as that of the gen-
eral assembly of Massachusetts ought to be recom-
mended by Congress, or favored in the least degiee.
The committee therefore report, and recommend to
to the adoption of the House, the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved by the Home of Representatives of the
United States, That the rule established in the con-
stitution as the basis of representation and direct
taxation, resulting from a spirit of concession and
compromise essential to the formation and preserva-
tion of the union of the States, ought to be held sa-
cred by the friends of the Union.
Resolved, That no proposition to alter or amend
the constitution in relation to representation and di-
rect taxation among the States, ought to be recom-
mended by Congress, but that every such proposi-
tion ought to be promptly and decisively con-
demned.
Mr. ADAMS said he did not cxpect that such a
course would have been pursued by the gentleman
from Virginia, or that it would receive the sanction
of the House,
The SPEAKER intimated that the question was
not debatable.
Mr. ADAMS said he merely wished to ask the
gentleman from Virginia to permit him to move the
reference of the report and resolutions to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
that a day be fixed for its discussion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he could not withdraw
his motion for such a purpose, for it would lead to
the very thing that the committee was desirous to
avoid.
Mr. WINTHROP moved a call of the House.
Mr. ABBOT rose and stated that, though one of
the select committee, he had not been notified of its
meeting; and he wished the House, therefore, to
understand that the report had not received his as-
sent.
Mr. DROMGOOLE explained. Being at the
head of the committee, he. procured a list of the
members appointed, and placed it m the hands of
one of the pages of the House with a notice—which
he read—notifying the members of the meeting of
the committee. All the members were notified but
three, two of whom had gone home, and the other
(Mr. Abbot) was sick, so the gentleman would see
why the report did not receive the unanimous assent
of the committee.
The question was then put upon the motion for
a call of the House, and negatived.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded; and the question then being, "Shall the main
question be now put,"
Mr. WINTHROP called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows: yeas 118, nays 51.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. PARMENTER remarked that the subject
was too important to be decided upon without dis-
cussion; and as the other committee would soon
make a report upon the subject, he moved that the
resolutions be laid upon the table.
On this motion,
Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows: yeas 43, nays 132.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Bakei, Jeiemijh Brown,
Buftington, Cairoll, Catlm, Collamer, Cranston, Diekoj,
Giddmgs, Gimnell, Harper, llud.son, Washington Hunt,
Joseph It Ingersoll, lr\m, Jenks, Perley B Johnson, Daniel
P, king, L) on, Mell\ ame, Mar.«h, l-'d\s ard J Mom?-, Mor: e,
Moseiey, Parmenter, Patterson, Flisha H Potter, Ramsey,
Rockwall, Rogers, Schenck, Se\ eranee, Albeit Smith, ( aleb
B Smith, Sykes, Tilden, Tylei, Yanmeter, Williams, Win-
throp, and \Villiam \\ right—
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Bariingor, Benton,
Bidlack, Edward J Black, James A. Black, lilack\\ ell,
Bovvei, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Biinkeiholl, Brodhead,
Milton Brown, William J Brown, Binko, Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Cary, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Clmgman,
Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Gar-
rett Davis, Richard I). Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Deberjy, Dickinson, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellis,
Elmer, Ficklin, Foster, French, Eyram Green, Hale,
llamlm, Hammett, Haralson, Hardin, Hays, Henley, Der-
rick, Holme*, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubholl,
Hughes, Hungerford, James B Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andiew Johnson, George VV,
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpatnck, La-
bianehe, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, MeCausltn, Mac lay,
McClelland, McClernand, MeC onnell, McDowell, McKay,
Joseph Morris, Minphy, Newton, Duen, l'a\ne, Peyton,
Krneiy D. Potter, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Kathbtm, Dawd S.
lieid, Reding, Relfe, Khett, Rittu, Kobmson, Rus&ell,
Sample, Saunders., Senter, Thomas H, Seymour, Simons,
Simpson, frlideil, Thomas Smith, Robeit Smith, Spence,
Stetnrod, Stephens, Stetson, Andiew Stewart, John
Stewart, Stjle.s, Stone, Strong, Summer'?, Taylur, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tnckcr, VaiKe, Vinton, Wentworth, Weth-
eied, Wheaton, "White, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and
Yost—132
The SPEAKER having announced that the morn-
ing: hour had expired,
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of proceeding with the resolution;
which was carried.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for a division of the
question;
And the yeas and nays having been ordered at
the instance of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the question
was taken anddccided m the affirmative—yea?5 158,
nays 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anderson, Ashe, Borrmgcr, Benton,
Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James A. Black, Blaekwell,
Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, William J."Brown, Buibngton, Burke, Burt, Cald-
well Campbell, Cary, Carroll, Catlm, Chappell, Chilton,
Clinch, Clmgman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles. ( ranston, Cross,
Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Da-vis, Richard D. Davis,
John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry. Dellet. Dickin-
son, Dromgoole, Dunlap. Ellis. Elmer, Ficklin. Fi«h,
Foster, French, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammett,
Haralson, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Holmes,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hnbbell, Hughes,
Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Jghks,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, ^An-
drew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Prestos King. Rirk-
patrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen,
Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Moseiey, Mur-'
phy, Nes, Newton, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Peyton,
Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey,
Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter,
Robinson, Russell, St. John, Sample, Saunders, ScKenck,
Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, Simojis, Simpson, Slidel!,
Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thos. Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew
Stewart, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers,
Sjkes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, IVheaton, Wnite,
"W'Ulianii. "Woodward, William Wright, Joseph A. Wright,
and Yo<?t—ISrt
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Baker, Jeremiah Brown,
Dickey, (biddings, Urinnell, Hudson, Perley B. Johnson,
Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Morse, Rockwell, Ro-
gers, Severance, Tilden, and Wintlirop—IB.
So the first resolution was adopted.
The question recurring on the second resolution,
Mr. CLINGMAN called for a division.
Mr. HUNT of New York asked that the question
be taken on that part of the second resolution previ-
ous to the word "Congress."
The SPEAKER said that the question was not
now divisible.
Mr. HUNT asked leave of the House to have the
woid "rejected," substituted for the word "con-
demned," in the resolution.
The SPEAKER said that the proposition could
not be entertained.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
127, nays 41, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Barringer, Benton,
Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, £>lackwell, Bowlin,
Boyd, Jacob Bnnkerhofi, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Wil-
liam J. Brown, Burke, Buit, Caldwell, Campbell, Ca-
rey, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D.
Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deherry, Dellet,
Dickinson, Diomgooie. Ellis, Elmer, Ficklin, Poster,
French, Willis Gieen Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Ham-
mett, Haralson, Hardin, Hays, Henley, Hernck, Holmes,J
Hopkins, Houston, llubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hunger-
ford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. In-
gersoll, Jameson, Ca\e Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpatncx,
Labianche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Ma-
clav, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Newton, Owen, Payne,
Pej ton, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Pres-
ton, Furd) , Rtithbun, rDa\id S Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett,
Ritter, Hobmson, llnssell, St. John, Saunders, Sentf-r,
Thomas II Seymour, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Spence Stcemod, Stephens, Stetson, John
Stewart, Stiles, stone, Strong, Summers, Taj lor, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, 'J ucker, Vance, "V anmeterj Wentworth,
Woodward, Joseph A Wright, and Yost—127.
NAYb-Messrs. Abbot Adumb, Baker, J.Brown, buffing-
ton, Carroll, CatJin, Collamer, Cranston, Clmgman, Dickey,
Fish, Gidding*, Grinncll, Harper, Hudson, Jenks, Perley; B.
Johnson, John P Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine,
Mars,h, Morse, Mo^ely, Nes, Parmenter, Rockwell, Rogers.
Sample, Schcnck, Scv-erance, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Sjkes, Tilden, Tyler, Vinton, Wheaton, White,
Williams, and Wmthrop—41
So the second resolution was adopted.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Tins being private bill day, that order of business
was taken up; and the following were ordered to be
engrossed, and were read a third time, and passed:
A bill for the relief of Robert G. Ward.
A hill for the relief of Walcot A. Strong and Pierre
S. Derbanne.
A bill granting a pension to an Indian woman of
the creek nation.
A bill for the relief of Henry Freeman.
A bill for the relief of John Rose.
A bill for the relief of Simeon Dennison.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Dunham.
A bill for the relief Lois Crouk, alias Croukhite.
A bill granting a pension to Richard Elliott.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Gresham.
The bill for the relief of Sarah Parker.
The House then resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, and proceeded to the consideration of
bills on the private calendar, reported from com-
mittees.
The following bills were read, as were also the
reports which accompanied them, and the bills were
laid aside to be reported to the House.
A bill for the relief of Hugh Wallace Wormley.
A bill for the relief of Matilda Drury and others,
representatives of Captain Tillard.
A bill for the relief ofSimeon Caswell.
A bill for the relief of Charles M. Gibson.
A bill for the relief of Elliot Smith and Nathan
Fansworth.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Samuel Shannon.
