44^
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Rathhun.
May, 1844.
H. of Reps.
riess until the final catastrophe in 1837. When the
crisis came, it swept away the credit of the nation,
of the States, of the banks, and of individuals; and
with them went the power to import foreign goods
Ruin and distress were everywhere. It stirs the
blood to contemplate the magnitude of the calamity,
and more when we trace the workings of the mighty
engine which produced it; and still more when we
see a great party, elate with the prospect of success,
rallying in support of the le-establishment of that
terrible scourge which inflicted upon the country
and the people sucli incalculable in juries.
It has been said, as I have before remarked, "that
the present tariff works well—that business is re-
viving under it." It has produced some good to
the farmer—and I am happy to acknowledge the
fact: it has increased the'price of Ins wool. 1 wish
it had worked him no wrong. Two years ago we
were told "that a national institution of some kind"
was necessary "to regulate exchanges;" that the ex-
changes were deranged, and must be regulated.
How is it now? Exchanges were never cheaper,
nevermore uniform. Why not credit the tariff for
this, as well as the improvements in business in
other respects? But, sir, suppose the bank bill
of 1842 had been approved by the President,
and the bank had gone into operation: where,
then, would the credit for the improve-
ment in business, and the regulating exchanges,
have been awarded? To the bank: we should not
have heard of the tariff. Having lost the bank,
credit for the improvement of the times must in
some way be secured, so as to benefit the party.
Sir, the tariff has had very little beneficial influence
upon the business of the. country. Before its pass-
age, the country was recovering:, and without it
would have recovered. The industry, the economy
the energy, the enterprise of the American people,
will carry them through any crisis, and raise them
triumphantly amid any difficulties winch surround
them. As another evidence that the tariff works
well, we are told that if it shall continue through the
ycai at the same rate as the last quarter, it will pro-
duce from forty-eight to fifty millions of dollars of
revenue in the year. Truly this will be consoling
to those from whom this immense sum is drawn—
a sum at least twice as large as we have any use
for, unless it be to pay the debts of the States, or to
waste in useless projects of internal improvements.
Sir, this is the very best argument that could be
urged for remodeling and reducing the tariff. But
we are answered that this duty comes out of the
foreign manufacturer, and not out of the consumer.
Is this true? Let us test it by a simple illustration.
A farmer raises his crop of wheat find sells it at the
market price; it is floured, taken to New York, and
there sold at the market price, to be exported to
England. Ail who have thus far been the owners
of it have made their profits, and paid no duties. It
is now taken to London, and, before landing, is sub-
jected to the payment of a high duty. It is there
sold to the letail merchant. The importer of the
flour, in addition to the pricc paid in New York,
has paid transportation, insurant e, th« duties m
England; and when he sold to the retail merchant,
received all these, and his profit in addition. Now,
sir, I aver that when the consumer buys a barrel
of that flour, he pays the merchant the cost, the ex-
penses of transportation, the duties, and all the
profits. The American farmer pays no part oi'it;
but it has this effect upon the farmer, and this only:
until flour rises in England, or falls in this country,
so as to afford a better price thcic than here, exclu-
sive of the duties, it will not be sent. To the con-
sumer, the duty forms a part of the price of the flour.
In support of this opinion I read from a speech de
iivered by Mr. Clay on the compromise tariff bill,
introduced by him. Page 465 Congressional De-
bates, Feb. 12, 1633:
For we are instructed by fill experience, that the con-
sumption of Hiiy 'Ut.icio is ia propotuon to the reduction ol
its puce, and. m g<-nci?,l, "•* mo\ he tak< n cv a rule, that the
duty upon a,t mtu'lejonns o poition oj 1ispucc.
A proposition has been stated here so often by
the other side that we are bound to believe them
sincere, notwithstanding its absurdity. It is this:
'■'High, duties make low prices." Then the converse
of the proposition is equally true, that low duties
make high prices. The tariff of 1842, upon beef
and pork, is 120 per cent. This is a high duty.
Does it affect the price of the articles? Does it re-
duce the price? If so, it should be taken off, to in-
crease it. The duty on wheat is 30 per cent., and
wheat is too low. Is it made so by thp duty? Cer-
fainly not. The price of an article is affected, main-
ly by two causes: 1st, the cost of production; 2d,
the quantity. The universal law of value is the
demand and supply.
The compromise tariff bill of 1833, introduced by
Mr. Clay, provided for a gradual reduction of duties
until the year 1842, when they were to be 20 per
cent., or under. In discussing that bill in the Sen-
ate, February 23, he said: "His purpose was pro-
tection, and protection alone." Now, we are told
by his supporters and friends that 30 and 40 per
cent, duties is free trade; and no protection, British
free trade. I beg them to spare - their candidate, if
they have no mercy on us. What was said by the
manufacturers in 1833 about the continuance of pro-
tection? Let Mr. Clay answer. I read from his
speech in the Senate on the 12th of Februcuy. He
said:
That, after the accumulation of capital anil skill, the
manufacturers Mould stand alone, unaided by the govern-
ment, in competition v.ith the imported artielc fiom any
quarter
They have had eleven years to accumulate capi-
tal and acquire skill, and yet they clamor louder
now than ever for high protective and prohibitory
duties. Sir, 1 do not believe such duties necessary
to protect them, nor do I believe they desire them
for that purpose, but for the purpose of dividing
large profits. They ought to be. willing to .make an
effort to live with that protection which a tariff for
revenue, with proper discriminations, would afford
them. They ought to be content with the same
amount of protection that the farmer and mechanic
receive. In reference to the farmers of the country,
Mr. Clay, in the speech I last referred to, used this
language:
It may he said that the farming interest cannot imbmst un-
der a 20 per cent, ad valorem dut) . His reply was. "suffi-
cient unto the day is the eul thereof." lie would have it
to the da> when the reduction took etlect to settle the
question. When the reduction takes place, and the furmer
cannot li\ e under it, what u ill lie do } I will tell yon (snid
Mr. (') what he ought to do. He ought to try it—make a
fuir experiment of if, and if he cannot live under it, let him
come here and say he i< bankrupt and ruined.
Sir, I am not in favor of such an experiment.. 1
would not wish the farmer, the manufacturer, or the
mechanic, to fy such an experiment, to such an ex*
tent. I u'ould have them relieved before "they are
bankrupt and ruined." Nor would I consent to vote
for a tariff hill which should limit the highest duties
at 20 per ccnt., either as a revenue or protective tar-
iff; but I would ask the manufactnreis to accept of
such a tariff as the farmer and mechanic can live un-
der. There are many things m the bill now under
consideration that I like, and there are many things
in it that I do not like. 1 cannot, support ltuhiln
the section reducing the duties to 25 per cent., with
in the present year, is retained in it. I believe the
duty of 15 percent, imposed upon coarse wool too
low. I should picfei the amendment of 30 percent.,
now under consideration. I think the duty on fine
wool, too low. I am anxious that the duty on lin-
seed, which, by the present law and the bill, is fixed
at 5 percent., while, on the oil made from it, there
is a duty of 25 per cent., should be made equal.
The duty on hides and skins is, by the law ana by
this bill, 5 per cent.; while the manufacturer of
leather is protected by a duty averaging 35 percent.
The manufacturer of wool is protected at the rate of
40 per cent.; yet the duly under the existing; law is
only five per <*cnt. on coarse wool, winch costs seven
cents a pound or under. The quality of the wool,
however, has no effect upon the duty; that is regula-
ted by the cost of the article. It is a matter of his-
tory, that under this law, wool is mtioduced into
the country which costs in foreign countries seven
cents or under, and when cleaned, is worth here
from thirty-five to forty-five cents a pound; yet it
pays but a 5 per cent, duty upon the foreign cost.
These duties t wish to bee cqmli/.td. Sir, this
shows what kind of a tariff hw wc have, and for
whose benefit it was made. The duties on all the^e
articles I have mentioned are from five, to nine times
higher in favor of the manufacturer than the fairner.
This is not all: a great variety of articles used by
the manufacturer are admitted free of duty. In tins
he is again preferred to the farmer and mechanic;
they are compelled to pay high duties on all the
tools and articles used in carrying on their business.
Eut it is said that the farmer is protected in his
wheat, corn, oats, potatoes, beef, pork, butter,
cheese, lard, lumber, timber, and fuel, from 40 to
160 per cent.
Sir, I ask against whom, and for what, is the
American farmer protected on these articles? AVho
can compete with him in a foreign market upon
such of them as will bear transportation? Who can
compete with him at home? L,et gentlemen answer
who seek to amuse and impose upon him. While
the farmer's crops are lying on his hands, wafting a
market at home and abroad, tell him not of protec-
tion. Point him not to the duty, as of any use to
him.
Sir, I have Been surprised to hear many gentle-
men on the other side avow "that their object was
protection for nrotection sake, without regard to
revenue.'' I tfiink I have shown this policy un-
sound and unwisi?, unless they intend to levy direct
taxes for the support of thegovernment. While they
endeavor to alarm the country by the cry of free
trade and direct taxation, which is a mere bugbear
—a doctrine that has not an advocate on this floor,
the policy they advocate will lead inevitably to di-
rect taxation, and destroy our trade and commerce,
which are bound and fettered by unjust restrictions,
and eventually impoverish the farmer, mechanic,
and commercial men of the whole country, to fatten
the manufacturer. They ridicule the idea of "a
revenue tariff and incidental protection.We are
told that "it only means accidental protection." I
have already shown what. the views of Mr. Clay
were in reference to protection in 1833. He then
held that 20 percent, tariff duties, with discrimina-
tion below that sum was protection. That was "acci-
dental ptotection." What did he say in 18*2 on
the subject of protection? January 21, in the Senate,
he said, in reply to Mr. Woodbury of New Hamp-
shire:
But whcnce this new-born-zeal m regard to taxation. It
\va«i, he admitted, scandalous that this government should
have ^one on for four years past, and was going on now,
by the expenditure of more than was received. Taxation,
he knew, and hud before said, wa° the remedy for this.
Can i) out then, tuid he, tin ipiyit of the compromise act Look
to revenue alone for the nypor! oj coremmcnt Do not
raise the question of pi otection—which (vrr/V? the senator Jrom
Kent a«/.'/) I had hopi d had been put to nst There is -no ta-
< es^itu <>) jn otection for protection. But what, asked Mr. C ,
was the course of my honorable friend from New Hamp-
shire, (for 1 heartily reciprocate the friendship he piofes^ed
for me the other day.) when we had a tax hill under con-
sideration1 Where w as he then1 Did he vote for the tax
bill before uk? Did he not ruther choose to sip his tea and
coffee a little longer, and to withhold the tax from those lux-
uries } And will he now (eontinned Mr. O.) consent to
tax these articles1 If he will, I i?o along with him heart and
hand.
This is his language; and yet we are told here by
his friends and supporters, that this is British tariff
doctrine; they do not subscribe to it. They care
nothing about revenue. He is for revenue alone,
and that will unavoidably produce abundant protec-
tion.
Sir, he sustains another position, which I have
taken: which is, that a tariff is a tax. And again,
he rebukes some of his friends here, who charge us
with the wish "to tax tea and coffee." He com-
plains of the senator from New Hampshire because
"he would not go with him to tax them;" because "he
chose rather to sip his tea and coffee a little longer,
and to withhold the tax from those luxuries," as he
terms them. "And (said Mr. C.) will he now con-
pent to tax those articles5 If he will, I will go along
with heart and hand.11 Tic is still in favor of a rev-
enue tariff—see his letter to Air. Meriwether of
Georgia, in which he says:
no Mori-: should b?: lkvikd than
is XWKSS\Iiy 10 AN ECONOMICAL .'J7)>/LYJ5?TR.2-
TtON of the liovernmcnt. $7- 1 should have i'kk-
KKUURD Til VT THK CO ^PROMISE IX ALL ITS
PARTS [uniform duties «>t pei cent] COULD HAVE
DEKN ADHERE!) TO.
And again, on the 23d of January, 1844, to a whig
committee of New Orleans, he wrote:
The PROHIBITION of the fabrics of f-yieim eountria
would tian-fei the, ?<R)NOPOLY TO TJH1 HitMF. MAN-
UFACTURERS [X TUB UNITED STATES. The riuf
lmf iifhs ol j li > conmmh" hks C promo ff.d b\ a com-
pi. 1 i 1 ion' ki rv\ fi *\ i [if. forv ic.n and \ a. i ionajl scppi y. 1 he
in-'vilable tendency ol that HO vlPKTlTION is to REDUCK.
IMtlCKfl, df> all eNpi m nee hos demuasirated
Ifc has rep'tiiedly used, as expressing his own
views of a tariff, within the last two yeais, the pre-
cise words, now so much ridiculed by his friends
heie—ua tariff for revenue, with just discrimination
and incidental protection." His popularity at the
S^uth stands upon these declarations, and his repeat-
ed declaration of attachment and adherence, to the
compromise act of 1833. I will read to the commit-
tee, and particularly to his friends here, what is said
of him in the South.
The Richmond Whig, a leading whig paper, says:
The fact that Mr. Oj.<y is more of a krex. iradf man (a;V
vocate as he is of ci rr..uuiable tarift ) i n w Mr. Van- Bur* v,
is becoming generally k.yow.n i o the people of the Souih.
