Congressional globe.
m
tory of Wisconsin: referred to the Committee of the
Whole House. -
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill supplemental to an act entitled "An act
for laying off the towns of Fort Madison and Bur-
lington, in the county of Des Moines, and the towns
of Belleview, Dubuque, and Peru, in the county of
Dubuque, Territory ofwisconsin, (now Iowa,) and
for other purposes," approved the 2d of July, 1836;
and the amendatory act thereto, approved March
3, 1837; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. IIOUSTOJNT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting to the county of Dubuque cer-
tain lots of ground in the town of Dubuque: re
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rials of the legislature of the Territory of Iowa, for
a township of land for the Jackson county academy;
for a donation of land for the Mount Pleasant colle-
giate institute; and for a donation of a township of
land for the support of the Iowa city college.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill declaratory of the con-
struction of the several pre-emption laws; which bill
was read, and referred to the Committee of (he
Whole House 021 the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be
discharged from the consideration of the petition of
Samuel Garrett, and that it lie on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to which was referred the bill
concerning conveyances or devises of places of public
worship m the District of Columbia, reported an
amendatory bill.
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to a
Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the second, third, and fourth, the
three first legislative days in May, be assigned by
this House to the consideration of subjects relating
to the District of Columbia, unless they are disposed
of in less time.
Objections being made,
Mr. CAMPBELL said he hoped the House
would consent to set apart some specific time for the
transaction of the business of the District; it had
been the uniform custom to io so, and it was a cus-
tom which ought not to be departed from. If
any other days than those named were suggested,
he was authorized by the committee to acquiesce.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he hoped there woul.d be
no more special assignments which might interfere
with the appropriation bills or the tariff; he there-
fore moved that the resolution be laid upon the
table.
Mr. CAMPBELL called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WELLER said he thought some particular
days should be assigned.
The SPEAKER remarked that the question was
not debatable, the motion being to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered, [Mr. CAMP-
BELL having first substituted in place of the days
named in the resolution, the first, second, and tlurd
legislative days in May,] and being taken—resulted
as follows: yeas 44, nays 104.
So the resolution was not laid 011 the table.
The question recurred on the passage of the reso-
lution.
Mr. STEENROD offered an amendment to strike
out "three days" and insert "two days;" and, after
some remarks from Messrs. CAMPBELL and
HOLMES in opposition to the amendment,
Mr. CAMPBELL called for the previous ques-
tion, which being seconded, and the main question
ordered.
The question was first taken on Mr. Steenrod's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on the resolution, but they were not ordered.
The morning hour having expired, the resolution
was laid over till Monday.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing executive communications:
TREATY WITH PERU.
A message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of the convention concluded 011
the 17th March, 1841, between the United States
and the Republic of Peru, the ratifications of which
have been duly exchanged: referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report, in answer to the resolution of the House of
the 11th inutant, in relation to the purchase of sites
and the construction of marine hospitals 011 the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers and Lake Erie, required by
the act of March 3, 1837: referred to the Committee
011 Commerce.
HARBOR. OP ST. LOUIS.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report in compliance with the resolution of the
I5(h of January last of the survey of the St. Louis
harbor: referred to the same committee.
LIGHT-HOUSE UPON THE GENESEE RIVER.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report, in obedience to the resolution of the House
of the 26th ult., with a plan and estimate for con-
structing a light-house at the mouth of Genesee
river, upon lake Erie: referred to the same com-
mittee.
A letter from the Secretary of Yv^ar, transmitting
detailed statements and reports of the contingent
fund of his department, conformable to the 90th sec-
tion of the act of 26th August, 1842: laid on the
table.
Mr. P. KING, on leave, made a report upon the
petition of Ferguson and Reid ofLouisina, accom-
panied by a bill for their relief; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of War and of the
Navy each inform this House what experiments
have been made by officers of their respective de-
partments for the purpose of testing the strength
and utility of cannon manufactured from wrought
iron, specifying such particulars as may tend to
show the relative strength and utility of wrought,
iron and cast iron cannon; and that they severally
furnish copies of all reports made by ordnance or
other officers, either of the War or Navy Depart-
ments, which may be in their possession on the
subject of this inquiry; and give such other infor-
mation connected therewith as they may consider
useful; also, that they respectively inform the House,
as far may be in their power, what has been the re-
sult of the experience of European powers on the
■subject, and particularly the largest, size to which
wrought iron cannon for solid shot have been car-
ried with success.
Mr. HALE inquired of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs if the committee were in
possession of any facts or had made any inquiries of
the department relative to the causes of the burning
of the steam ship Missouri, in the bay of Gibraltar.
Mr. PARMENTER replied that the committee
had made inquiries of the department, and were as-
sured that as soon as Capt. Newton returned, a
court of inquiry would be convened to inquiie into
the matter alluded to by the gentleman from New
Hampshire. (
Mr. C. JOHNSON then suggested an amend-
ment, "And that the Secretanes also report to the,
House, the expenses of said experiments, and to
whom the money was paid." He said many
thousand dollars were, thus expended, of which the
House should be informed; and also by whom the
money was received; for he understood that the
persons employed on these experiments were paid
better salaries than any officer under this govern-
ment, except the President of the United States
himself.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. YANCE called for the orders of the day.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The following bills were ordered to be engrossed,
and were a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Adam L. Mills.
A bill for the relief of George Wallis.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Captain Samuel Shannon.
A bill for the relief of G. W. Clarke, Harris
Cook, and John Brainard 2d.
A bill for the benefit of Thomas Hunter and Alex-
ander Caldwell.
1 A bill for the relief of Charles Holt.
A, bill for the relief of Woodson Wren.
A bill for the relief of James Pepper and others.
The bill for the relief of JoJm Miller was next
taken up, and after some debate, the question being
upon the engrossment of the bill, and ordering it to a
third reading, tellers were appointed, who reported
63 in the affirmative, and 31 in the negative—no
quorum voting.
The yeas and nays were then demanded and or-
dered, and being taken, resulted thus—yeas 95, naya
44.
The bill was then read the third time and" passed.
The, following bills were also, after being ordered
to be engrossed, read the third time and passed:
The bill for the relief of James Journey.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Fitch..
The bill for the relief of Bethia Healy.
The bill for the benefit of Antoine Vasquez and
others.
The bill for the relief of George. Davenport, of
Rock Island, in the State of Illinois.
The bill for the relief of Daniel Cl.ipp and Betsy
Clapp.
The, bill for the relief of Daniel Ingalls.
The bill for the relief of Violet Calhoun, widow
of John Calhoun; and
The bill granting a pension to Emanuel Shrofe.
The joint, resolution directing the Auditor of the
Post Office Department to inquire as to the contract
of Salt marsh & Overton with the Post Office De-
partment.
The joint resolution authorizing the Postmaster
General to settle with certain mail contractors.
The bill for the relief of Sally MoOraw.
The lull for the relief of Elizabeth Blodget.
The hill for the relief of Abigail Gibson.
The bill for the relief of Sarah Blackmore, widow
of George Blackmore.
The hill for the, relief of James Crawford.
The bill granting a pension to Bartholomew Mc-
Guire.
The bill for the relief of Lathrop Foster.
The, bill for the relief of True Putney and Wm.
Riddle.
The bill for the relief of John Frazer and G. A.
Franklin having been read,
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the yeas and nays on
the question of engrossment, but no quorum voted.
Mr. J. BLACK moved an adjournment, but with-
drew it, at the request of several members.
Mr. COBB called for tellers on the demand
for the previous question, but the motion to adjourn
was renewed.
The yeas and nays were called for on that mo-
tion, and being taken, resulted thus—yeas 29, nays
01.
So the House, refused to adjourn.
The question recurred 011 the passage, of the bill,
and it was debated by Messrs. HOLMES, EL-
MER, and others.
The yeas and nays were called for on the passage
of the bill; but there was not a quorum voting,
there being 15 for, and 75 against the yeas and
nays.
An adjournment was then moved, but it was ne-
gatived by a vote which showed a quorum to be
peesent.
The question on the passage of the bill, after
some further debate by Messrs. GIDDINGS,
HOLMES, COBB, and SIMONS, was taken by
tellers, and the vote stood—ayes 64, noes 37—no
quorum voting.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN,
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of John Porter
and*80 others, citizens of the city of Boonville, in
Missouri, praying appropriations for the improve-
ment of the western waters: referred to the Commit-
tee of' the Whole House on the state of the Union.
By Mr. P. B. JOHNSON: The petition of John
S. Miller and 34 others, citizens of Ohio, praying
for the establishment of a mail route, from Unioij-
town, in Muskingum county, to Logan, in Hocking
county: referred to the Committee, on the Post Offi-
ces and Post Roads.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of Marcus B. Os-
borne and 23 others, citizens of Henry county, in
the State of Illinois, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Peoria, in Peoria county, via
Mount Hanley, Wyoming, Toulon, Wethersfield,
Genesseo, Sharon, ?nd Crandall's Ferry, to Fvsltoi}
