May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
  The Tariff—Mr. Bidlack.
443
H. of Reps.
The above statement relates only to the main an-
thracite regions, and does not include the operations
in bituminous coal, which are nearly equal to the
anthracite. These estimates will show also most
conclusively that there is no danger of a failure to
supply the demand at fair priccsj the competition
between the different regions will always insure the
consumer against imposition. They prove, likewise,
that the operators do not make unfair profits, In
many eases the farmer cultivates the soil, and mines
the coal under it merely for the purpose of giving
employment to his laborers and teams in the winter,
ana consuming his surplus products, and turning the
whole into money when he gets the coal to market.
The, gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Belser] com-
plains that the southern planter does not realize
more than from 6 to 8 per cent, on his investments.
i can assure him that the citizcns of Pennsylvania,
who are equally industrious, would be well satisfied
with such profits.
Some gentlemen seem anxious to guard the inter-
ests of the consumer. Now, sir, if they wish to do
it effectually, as far as coal and iron are concerned,
let them be careful how they put out the fires of our
furnaces in Pennsylvania, as they did under the ru-
inous operations of the compromise—let them pause
before they compel a suspension of our vast opera-
tions in coal, as was well nigh the case in 1842,
v,hen two hundred thousand tons of foreign coal
were introduced. What would be the condition of
the consumer of coal if our thousand miles of canals
. and railroads—more than forty of which are under
ground-—were to go into a state of decay, and our
mines into dilapidation, as they will, if not constant-
ly worked? Then the price will advance to what it
was before we came into competition with the for-
eign trade. In 1842 the duty was $1 26 cents; and
even then two hundred thousand tons were import-
ed. The bill before us proposes to reduce the tariff
on coal to £1 per ton, to make considerable reduc-
tions on all kinds of iron, and to make a special dis-
crimination in favor of railroad iron.
The estimated indebtedness of the United States
to England for iron alone, is more than $40,000,000!
and that, while we have inexhaustible resources for
its manufacture. If that amount had been manu-
factured here, it would have created a home market
for something like $20,000,000 wonh of agricultural
productions, and given employment to a large num-
ber of our citizens. But, in addition to the forty
millions w hich wc owe for iron, we have paid an-
nually seven or eight millions for many years. Jf
this whole amount had been manufactured at home,
what an immense market would it have made! The
non manufactures, and the operations in coal in
Pennsylvania, even now afford a better market for
the flour and meat of the States, than all the Euro-
pean maikets put together. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Brinkerhoff] complains that the nine
manufacturing States (as he calls them) only
consume, m addition to their own agricultural
productions, about 56,000,000 bushels of the grain of
other States; or, in other word4?, that there is only a
deficiency of 3(1,000,000 in the nine States. And
prav nr, is not this market for thirty-six millions
better than to have the newly eight hundred thous-
and persons engaged now in manufactures, and on-
nuall)r producing m value nearly four hundred mil-
lions of dollars, thrown into competition with the
three millions and a half ol persons encased in agri-
culture, and producing about se\en hundred millions
in value of agriculture! pioductlonfc?
But I wish to examine this intcrrH m another
view. I hove hcictofore shown that, in addition to
the fact that the frameis of the constitution and all
our chief magistrates have recognised the importance
of enabling all our manufactures to come into com-
petition with the foreign producers; they had gone
still further m reference to articles of absolute neces-
sity in thne of war. General Jackson, after lyymg
down the general rule by which to be governed, say<5
that the inducements foi going s till farther aie of a
controlling influence in leference to articles of neces-
sity for national defence. Coal and iron would
come in Tor attention under the geneial rule. But,
on this point, I deny that the duty on iron has ex-
ceeded the remise standard, and thecommittee are
not warranted m making the reduction whuh they
propose, by the rule which they have themselves
laid"down for their action; and above all, there is no
warrant in the doctrines of their own leport for the
discrimination in favor of railroad inm. But wai\-
in^ this view for the present, I contend that iron
has always been deemed an article of indispensable
necessity m time of war; and that, since the applica-
tion of steam 111 propelling steamers and ships of
war, coal has also become indispensable.
I have heretofore said our navies, at no distant
day, in my opinion, will be built of iron and pro-
pelled by steam. The following are some of the
advantages of iron over wood m vessels of war.
Lieutenant Hunter, commander of the United States
rteamer Union, gives the following advantages of an
iron vessel over a wooden one of the same dimciv
sions:
1st, Greater strength
id. Les>s weight, and consescquently she mar be propel-
led faster by the <;r)me power, whether wind or steam.
3d. She Iras more room inside lor her crew and provi-
sions.
4th. She cannot be burned.
ftth. She will last lor ever, and cost scarcely anything for
repsirs. 1 his comparative indestructibility keeps her ever
ready 1'or sea, and exempts her from the great expense
attendant upon the preservation of wooden vessels in or-
dinal*) , and the loss oi time consumed in fitting the latter for
sea.
bth. Her bulk-heads being water-tight, she may not be
sunk, though one part of the vessel be pierced by shot
?th. A I'aixhan shell cannot lod^e 111 her side.'
Sth. She has none of the vegetable; matter of wooden -ves-
sels about her, which produces disease by decomposition
9th The utmost cleanliness 01 her Ik rth-deck is indispen-
sably necessary to the health of the crew. Hers being 11 on,
may be; w ashed at fill times Not so the woodcn-decked
vessels, w here the dampness arising from the absorption 111
washing them is so great, that the incdical officers attribute
to it chielly the si'/c ol their sick lists.
10th The vessel being of non, is ever tight, and co«ts
nothing; for caulking, except on her <par-deck, which should
be of wood.
11th She is fiee from vermm, so destructive to pro\i'"ions
and stores m the wooden vessels
She will make a great «=avmg in the article of paint,
the iron surface being simply covered with itvhil&t the
wooden surface is saturated Many other advantages might
he mentioned.
The use of ocean steamers is no longer an exper-
iment. The result has been such as might have
been anticipated. Spain, France, the States of Italy,
Austria, Greece, Turkey, and Egypt, to say noth-
ing of England, have all had their steamers since
1841.
The British, in addition to their regular lines visit-
ing this country, had some time since a connexion
of steam vessels of the best class, by line?, from
Lisbon, OribraUer, Malta, and Syria, with their In-
dia possessions By the latest accounts 1 have
seen, coming only down to 1841, the French had
thirty-five, the Austrians twenty-two, Sardinia
eighteen, Naples seven, Tuscany five, Spam nine,
Greece four, Turkey eighteen, Egypt five, Russia
on the Black sea ten, with an average of sixteen
belonging to Great Britain—making a grand total of
one hundred and foity-mne steam-ships commanded
by the naval officers of their respective govern-
ments, although companies and individuals may be
interested in the property of some of them. That
anthracite eoal is an excellent fuel for steamers, was
tested in the case of the Clarion; and it is only to
be regretted that we have not more steam vessels
built of iron, in place of our wooden ships, costing
so much annual repair.
But no one can much lon^r doubt that we shall
be obliged to follow the example which England and
France have set us. Iron steamers should be built
for vf-e a* <mag-boaN on the Mississippi-, and m
ease of necessity, they could he turned into snags to
prevent the entrance, of an enemy upon the waters
of that noble stream. Then there will also be con-
stiuctcd iron canal boats. Some time since I saw
the following aiticle in a Rochester paper:
Ir.o ; va v\ 1 —We „
t> rpU'-mg 1 o:<t bv.ildi 1 :> ai
tiOll of iion Cdlliil b()t:
anned M raiho.i'l, m tins
Serb r tones, the well L>
jnve.ediatel} to commenc"
i.at our (
; the 01
ie \ h o'ed to lerun <
u about eninieenciui
ts S-OJ..C 1 "i.COO pounds of lion
cny, j day or two .Tiro, tor \'r
own borst-1 under, who intends
building on iron boat, which
will w eigh," when done, about eighteen or tn ent\ ton*-, md
be of Fulhcient capacity to carry 300 barrels of flour. An
ordinary wooden boat weighs about thirt\ tons raid ^elduin
carries over r)0!) ban el.?. J 1<«- 11011 is of K'n;is\ h ama man-
ufacture, and is about 0 fourth of an inch t'nek. It camc m
plates fire 01 &ix feet lon<r, and tw 0 feel w ide
It lus likewise been already used, to some consid-
erable extent, m building houses, and in making
fences: but I was considering it as connected with
the subject of defences; for winch purpose, in vari-
ous branches of defence, there is 110 substitute. It
is requisite, as I have said, for such steamers as wc
must provide to keep pace with other nations, and
for the machinery which is to propel them; for the
guns which are to defend om forts, and the carriages
upon which they aie to be mounted. And now, sir,
having mentioned the subject guns, allow me to
say a few words about the importance of a national
foundry, as most intimately connected with the na-
tional defence and the propriety of sustaining our
iron and coal operations to render us independent in
times of war, and prosperous in times of peace.
The astounding acknowledgment is placed upon
the records of our government, by a report from
one of the departments, that, in case of a call into
actual service, our gunners and seamen would be
more fearful of our own cannon than the guns of
the enemy ! If this be true, we are unworthy to.
be the representatives of a free people if we do not
do all in our power to obviate this most alarming
deficiency. It has been found that the present
method of obtaining cannon on contract, and testing
them before use, affords no security; because they
may be injured by the very test to which they are
submitted, and will explode the first time they are
subsequently discharged, the injury having been
imperceptible. There is no safety except in the
establishment of a national foundry, where they
shall be manufactured for use instead of for sale.
The British Parliament investigate and develop
every subject that can possibly have a national
bearing.
The iron and coal of Pennsylvania, from their
alternating in the same location, from their juxtapo-
sition, and their facility of transportation to the sea-
board, are unquestionably national objects, whether
considered in reference to peace or war. Early in
the present session, I introduced resolutions author-
izing inquiries mto the propriety of constructing
the vessels hereafter to be built of iron, and calling
on the Secretary of the Navy for the result of the
experiments made by his direction, testing the rela-
tive value of different kinds of fuel for generating
steam. These resolutions were laid over, under the
rule, bccause they gave rise to debate, and have not
yet been rcached in order. The motions submitted
to take them up out of order have been unsuccess-
ful. But these subjects shall not be lost sight of;
they are of too much importance, not only to Penn-
sylvania, but to the nation. It has well been asked—
What w ould Great Britain be, deprived of her mines of
coal and iron* Vhft are the sources of her wealth that
enabled her, during a long and disastrous war, to subsidize
half fclurope;* Iler coal ?nd iron "What were the sources
of her now er that gave her strength to withstand Napo-
leon. and finally to subdue the conquerorol nations? "What
has u .von ner \ e to her arm, and furnished the means of war
fo subjugate fndia. and recently to hieak in upon the seclu-
sion and repose ol the Celestial Empire, and open her com-
merce to the world? Her coal and iron. These arc the
locks of her mighty <'treegth
A late number of the "Westminster Review con-
tains an interesting article on the coal tiade of Great
Britain, in the course of which some curious facts
are stated. The writer remarks that, as an article
of fuel, coal, from the abundance with which it can
be obtained, and the peculiar qualities it possesses,
(which render it the most economical and best
adapted, both for domestic consumption, and for
the purposes of manufacture, and the advancement
of arts and scienccs, hitherto discovered,) has be-
come of such general and extensive use, that the
trade 111 con! is now one of the staple trades of
many parts of the United Kingdom.
But it may be said it does not follow, even ad-
muting the importance of building an iron navy, that
coal is a necessary article for national defence. It
may be answered, that our ships should not only be
built of iron, and provided with sails, but they
should also be provided with the means of propul-
sion by steam. Wood cannot well be used as a
fuel, for many reasons: one is, on account of the
smuke, which would advertise the approach of a
vessel too long in advance for any adroit naval ma-
noeuvres. The same may be said of bituminous
coal to some extent. The Biitish steamers use this
species of coal. But a letter-wiiter from Dover,
KnglanJ, writes to his correspondent somewhat af-
ter the following manner:
• a a cKar dav w e can count all the steamers that move
en me I-u nchcoavl, and toll the direction in which they
sail, e\cn though we cannot see their hulls Ihe column
of smoke ascending to the heavens tells us the number and
then- course.
This would give us, in the use of anthracite, a de-
cided advantage; we could tell their number and
their course at a distance of thirty or forty miles by
their pillar of smoke, while we could move upon
them unobserved, without a treacherous advertise-
ment in the skies above our flag: besides, anthra-
cite is less bulky, and requires less space.
A number of the Liverpool Albion contains an in-
teresting paragraph in relation to iron vessels. The
editor says:
We find that iron, as a material for shipbuilding, is fa«t
gaining ground. For steamers, it has been a fa\oritefor
sometime past, and there is not now one wooden stoamef
