432
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that without any attempt at excuse; for people use
as much of that weed in peace as in war, and in
idleness as in labor; yet it,has shared the same fate
as the rest. Thus, in the first year of General
Washington's administration, (fifty-four years ago,)
the export of this article was 101,000 hogsheads; the
next year it was 112,000; yet, under the high-duty
system), this export has repeatedly gone down to 60,-
000 or 70,000 hogsheads, and is now at only about
150,000. To be equal to what it was in Washing-
ton's time, would require an export of 400,000 hogs-
heads; for our population has increased four fold
since that time. Thus, viewed in the gross, or in
the detail, the result is the same—agricultui*e and
foreign commerce, as well as revenue, have been
sacrificed for the last twenty-five years, and it is
time—high time—that" these great interests should
be restored to the flourishing condition which they
enjoyed in the first half of our national existence.
High tariff, political tariffing, and their kindred
abuse, (excessive banking,) have done this mischief;
and it is time for these evils to cease.
I protest against the mode, sometimes pursued
here, of comparing isolated years against each other
—the imports, or exports, or revenue—of one or
two years with those of one or two other years.
All such comparisons are fallacious, as much so as
it would be to examine through a microscope a brick
or a stone from two different buildings, and then
judge of the whole from such miscroscopic observa-
tions of small parts. Systems against systems—
periods of time against periods—is the only safe
mode of comparison; and in that mode I compare
the high dutv with the low duty system. The com-
parison has been found immeasurably to the benefit
of the latter, and will continue to be found so if
followed from general views to details—from public
to private affairs. Individuals have suffered as
much as the government in the last twenty-five
years. Their business also has partaken of the
upsand downs—the flights and falls—of the treas-
ury and of commerce. All business h^s been de-
ranged—expansion one day, contraction another 
now a man dealing in hundreds of thousands, then
bankrupt!—then coming to Congress for relief laws,
or to the executive for office; and losing the dig-
nity of home independence by tlus "humiliat-
ing appeal to the government for support.
All has been brought upon us by high tanff. The
same cause which deranged the treasury of the
Union—which gorged it one day, arid starved it
another—this same cause deranged the business of
individuals: and, if there is any extenuation for the
humiliating spectacle of the crowds who come to the
federal government for the means of subsistence, it
is in the fact that vicious legislation has brought
them to that degradation. The two periods winch
1 have contrasted are the general picture, and the
government picture, of which the detail is in the
people, in the first period all was happy and
prosperous; the people were doing well, and were
contented; and consumed, when only seven millions
of souls, as much foreign goods at the then low
rates of duty, as gave sixteen millions of jcv-
enuo to the government: now the many arc
impoveiished to ennoh the few; nnd eighteen mil-
lions of people, at the present high rates of duty,
pay no more revenue into the treasury than was
paid thirty-four years ago by seven millions. Why
this difference1' Because people are poor and dis-
tressed now, and their affairs all deranged, like the
treasury: and formerly they were rich and happy,
and their affairs, like the then treasury, prosperous
and regular. The two tables of revenue which 1
have produced are the key to the exports and im-
ports—a key to the condition of thccountiy—a key
to the condition of the people: and in the order,
plenty, and regularity of one, and the disorder, fluc-
tuation, and confusion of the other, you sec all that
has happened publicly and privately m the two pe-
riods of time, and under the two systems, which 1
have been comparing together, or rather contrasting
against each other.
After this exposition, Mr. President, of our ex-
ports under the protective system, it is hardly ne-
cessary to trouble the Senate with any detailed
view of our imports during the same period. They
are obliged to partake of the same character, and
such is the fact. They have risen aw high as one
hundred and ninety millions; they have fallen as
low as sixty-four millions; and they have plunged
and floundered backwards and fin-wards at all
amounts between these two wide extremes. They
are now at about one hundred millions, which is
leas than they were at thirty years ago, j
And here, sir, I quit this branch of the case, with
the confident conviction that 1 have "made good my
second assertion, and proved that agriculture and
commerce not only did better under the old system
than under the new, but that they flourished in the
highest state of prosperity then, and have been
sunk to the lowest state of depression since.
[Here Mr. B. intimated that the next branch of
his subject would bring him to details which he
wished to present in an unbroken chain; and he
would, with the indulgence of the Senate, having
spoken nearly two hours, prefer entering upon them
to-morrow.]
The subject was, by unanimous assent, passed
over informally till to-morrow.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, the bill providing
for the adjustment of land claims within the States
of Louisiana, Mississijopi, Alabama, and Arkansas
was then taken up.
It was in the condition of being ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading,- if no further amend-
ments were offered; but,
On motion by Mr. BARROW and Mr. JOHN-
SON, several new amendments were adopted.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, the "Territory of
Iowa" was stricken out of the bill.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the State of
Missouri was included within the provisions of the
bill.
Pending a motion by Mr. BARROW to add an
additional section to the bill, the subject was passed
over informally, to afford time for considering the
effect of such an additional section.
A great many private bills fiom the House of
Representatives were taken up, read twice, and re-
ferred to appropriate committees.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 25, 1844.
The SPEAKER announced that the first business
in order would be the call on the States for reso-
lutions.
PAY OF THE ARMY.
Mr. BLACK of South Carolina observed that
having been confined to his room by sickness for
more than three weeks, he had not an opportunty
of making a report which he was charged with from
the Military Committee. He therefore asked the
indulgence of the House to allow him to make a re-
port on the pay of the army, accompanied by a bill.
No objection being made,
Mr. BLACK, of South Carolina, made a report
on the subject, accompanied by a bill to regulate the
pay of the army; which was twice read, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered, with the report, to be
printed.
Mr. CROSS observed, that as this was a very im-
portant bill, he gave notice that he would to-morrow
move to print 5,000 extia copies of the report and
bill.
TIME OF HOLDING ELECTIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the resolutions of the
legislature of Maine, on the subject of the bill be-
fore the House, fixing the day for holding the elec-
tion of electors for President and Vice President of
the United States: laid on the table.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. McKAY moved to suspend the rules that the
House might resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the State of CJmon, to proceed with the
appropriation bills.
This question was taken by tellers, and decided in
the negative—ayes 54, nays U6.
PAY OF THE ARMY.
Mr. HUNOERFORD moved to print 2,500 extra
copies of the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, just submitted by thcgentleman from South
Carolina, in relation to the pay of the army. The
bill, he said, proposed several important changes:
for instance, it abolished brevet pay, extra rations
for separate commands, and gave a specific sum in
money in lieu of the allowance now given for ser-
\ants and forage; above all, he said, u would save
half a million yeaily to the government. Pie,
therefore, hoped the House would see the proprie-
ty of printing the extia number of copies he asked
for.
Mr. HOPKINS said he would like to know some-
thing more of these reports before ordering the print-
ing of extra copies of them. The House had just
ordered extra copies to be printed of two reports of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and one of the
Committee on Territories, on the subject of the
Oregon Territory.
Mr. CROSS moved to amend the motion by
printing 5,000 extra copies instead of 2,500.
The question was taken on Mr. Cross's amend-
ment, and it was adopted; and the motion to print,
as amended, was agreed to.
AMENDMENTS OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Resolved, That the right of amending the federal
constitution, secured to the people in the fifth arti-
cle thereof, resulting from a spirit of concession
and compromise essential to the formation and pre-
servation of the union of these States, should be
held sacred by the friends of the Union.
Resolved, That the right of amendment extends
as clearly to that portion of said constitution which
fixes the ratio of federal representation as to any
other part of that instrument.
Resolved, That every attempt to subverf this im-
portant right of the people should be promptly and
decidedly condemned.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. DICKEY called for the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered; and the question being put,
was decided in the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Oil motion by Mr. HARPER, the petition and
papers of Samuel Drew were recommitted to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. McCAUSLEN, in pursuance of previous
notice, and on leave granted, reported a bill for the
reliei of Bengamm Bean; which was twice read,
and, together with the papers on file, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. OWEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
inquire into the expediency, and the cost of so en-
la] ging and fitting up the room now occupied as a
library, as to adapt it for a chamber of representa-
tives, with a view of removing thither, at the next
session, the sittings of this House.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the resolutions of the
legislature of Louisiana, to the effect that the mode
of proceeding in civil cases shall be adopted in
what are called equity cases, in the courts in the
United States for the State of Louisiana; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL offered the following resolution;
which being objected to, lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he
directed to inquire into the expediency of amending
existing laws, so as to adopt, in the courts of the
United States 111 Louisiana, the mode of proceeding
in the courts of said State in the civil cases, except-
ing those of admiralty jurisdiction; and the said
committee be further directed to inquire into the
expediency of repealing so much of the twelfth sec-
tion of the judiciary act of 24th September, 1789,
as gives to the circuit court of the United States
jurisdiction of all civil suits at common law, or m
equity, when an alien is a party, or the suit is be-
tween a citizen of the State where a suit is brought,
and a citizen of another State; and that they do°re-
port by bill or otherwise.
On the motion of Mr. LARRANCHE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the completion of the Marine
Hospital at the town of McDonough, opposite the
city of New Orleans.
On the motion of Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT, it
was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House, as soon as practica-
ble, the amount of the school fund belonging to
each tribe of Indians, either in land or money;
whether the same is sold, or what amount the lands
have brought; how the fund is secured; how long
it was to run; how the school fund has been ex-
pended from year to year; whether the amount of
§10,000, placed at the disposal of the executive in
1818, is expended annually, and how it has been
expended; what amount has been paid to religious
or benevolent associations; the objects employed by
