446
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
May, 1844.
Reanmication of Texas—Mr. Tibbaiis.
H. of Reps.
addition this proposition would have made—if accepted by
Mexico—to our Union.
, Shortly after the accession of General Jackson to
the presidency, Mr. Van Buren> then Secretary
of State under date of the 26th August, l82§, says:
Itis the wish of the President that you should, without
delay, open a negotiation with the Mexican government for
the purchase of so much of the province of the Texas as is
hereinafter described. He is induced by a deep convic-
tion of the real necessity of the proposed acquisition, not
only as a guard for our western frontier, and the protection
of New Orleans, but also to secure forever to the inhabitants
of the valley of the Mississippi the undisputed and undis-
turbed possession of the navigation of that river. The
tenitory of which possession is desired by the United
States, is all that part of the province of Texas which lies
east of aline beginning at the Gulf of .Mexico, in the centre
of the desert, or grand prairie, which lies west of the Rio
Nueces. And the treaty may provide for the mcorpoia-
tion of the inhabitants into the Union.
' General Jackson, immediately after his second
election on the 20th March, 1833, through Mr. Liv-
ingston, the then secretary, made a second effort to
accomplish the re-annexation of Texas by renewing
the "instructions on the subject of the proposed ces-
sion;" and afterwards, through Mr. Forsyth, then
secretary, he made a third effort for the rcannexa-
tion of Texas, and expressed "an anxious desire to
secure the very desirable alteration in our boundary
With Mexico." Mr. Forsyth, on the 6th of August,
1835, directed our minister at Mexico to procure fet-
us, if possible, the following, boundary: "beginning
at the Gulf of Mexico, proceeding along the eastern
bank of the river Rio Bravo del Norte, to the 37th
parallel of latitude, and thence along the parallel to
the Pacific."
Thus have there been five strenuous efforts made
to recover this country, in which have been con-
cerned eminent men of all political parties—
John Gluincy Adams, Henry Clay, Andrew
Jackson, Martin Van Buren, John Forsyth, Ed-
ward Livingston. In all this time this has been
considered a question and object of great and vital
interest; so important that all parties concurred in it,
and associated harmoniously to make it successful.
All these efforts by treaty with Mexico proved un-
availing. In the mean time inducements were held
out by the Spanish and Mcxican governments to the
citizens of this country, to emigrate to Texas. Lured
by these inducements, the euuntry has been settled
by emigrants from the United States, who carried
with them the same hatred to tyranny, the same
indomitable spirit, and the same ardent love of liber-
ty, which animated our forefathers in their struggle
for independence, and in the settlement of this
country. These hardy pioneers, animated by
this spirit, rebelled against tyranny, and declared
their independence. Against them Mexico waged a
barbarian warfare, bloody and inhuman, notorious-
ly prosecuted against the usages of Christian na-
tions; the courts of justice were broken up, and the
ends of justice thwarted; the rights of humanity and
the usages of Christianity were grossly violated; the
brothers and children of our countrymen, whilst
prisoners of war, and in cold blood, have been in-
humanly butchered, or led off into captivity, im-
prisoned in the mines, and doomed to chains and
slaveiy, yet the authority of Mexico has been ex-
pelled, and this little nation of heroes has gallantly
maintained its independence, until it has been ac-
knowledged by the principal powers of the world.
These people now ask, and anxiously desire, to
have Texas restored to this Union, from which it
was unwisely separated, and. as many believe, un-
constitutionally, and in violation of our treaty with
France.
This, in my opinion, is the most important meas-
ure now before the country. The President has ta-
ken measures to bring this mattei to an issue, and
has concluded a treaty pro\idmg for the reannexa-
tion of Texas. For his efforts to accomplish this
most desirable object, I accord to him my most cor-
dial approbation. For the patriotic, firm, and deci-
ded course he has taken for the consummation of
this great and noble purpose, for the fearless and
manly manner in which he has brought it forward,
the President deserves, and will receive the appro-
bation and gratitude of the country. Had he done
otlieiwise, he would havejustly received its unqual-
ified indignation, as the betrayer of the dearest in-
terests of the people. Too much praise cannot be
bestowed upon him for the prompt measures he has
taken to foil the foreign machinations and domestic
treason which are on foot to sever the interests of
that country from this. This question is now be-
fore the people, and it must be met. They will not
be deceived. Il cannot be suppressed, or kept back
by party tactics. We must meet it. We cannot
hiie ourselves^ behind the machinery of party. Itis
a question which will ride high above all paity lines
and party considerations. Most of the leading pa-
.£>ers of the whig ,party are loud in their denuncia-
tion of reannexation. H is boldly declared that
"the whigs of the United States senate will prevent
the confirmation of a treaty of annexation;" and we
know that the great leader of that party in the North
has taken the ground of decided and uncompromi-
sing opposition to the measure. If such is to be the
result—if a procedure is to take place productive of
such calamity to the South and West, so destruc-
tive of the interests of the North and the East,—the
whig party will be justly held responsible for it by
the counti y.
Mr. Webster opposes the measure not only on
grounds of its expediency, but its constitutionality.
In las letter of January -IS, 1S4K to certain citi/ens of
Worcester, Mi. "Webster lecur.s to his opinions, expired
m a public address m the city of New \ oik in 1837, and
adopts the following language: '
''When the constitution was formed, it is not probable
that either of it;> frameis or the people tver looked to the
admission of any States into the I nion cxcept such as then
already existed, and .such as should he lor rued out Of territo-
ries then belonging to the United States.''
The provision of the constitution of the United States
touching this subject, is to be found m the .Id scctioifof the
4th article, and is as follows:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union, but no new State "shall be lonned oi erected wrthm
the juusdictron ol any other State, noi any State be formed
by thejunction of two or more States, or pnits ol State*,
without the consent of the legislatures of the States con-
cerned, as well as of the Congress
I\Ir. Webstersavs:
"It would seem very reasonable to confine this provision
to States to be formed out of territories belonging to the
United States, and in regard to which the old ( ongi e**?, by
accepting the cession of territory from individual States, and
agreeing to the proposed terms of cession, had ahead) stip-
ulated that the) might be oiealed and admitted into lite
I'liion Any other construction would be loired and un-
natural, and it v, ould imph that the l'ramers of the consti-
tution and the people weie' looking to an extension ol then
territories although those which they then hold were one
hall a u ildorness, and the other half very thinl) peopled. It
it. not at all piobable, from the his.toi> ol the States, Irom
tin- circumstances in which the\ stood in 17b7, oi horn all
that is to be learned ol men's, opinions and expectations sit
that day, that any id'-*,* was enteimined bj anybody ol
bunging into the L nmn, at any time, State:, formed out of
the territories of foreign powers "
Mr. Clay, in his speech oil this floor, on the 3d
April, 1820, to which I have already alluded, said:
All accounts concurred m representing Texas to be ex-
tremely valuable. Its -superficial extent was three oi fom
tones greater than that ol Florida. The climate was deli-
cious; the soilfertile; the maigms of the rivers abounding in
live oak; and the count) y admitting ol easy settlement It
possessed, moreover, if he woe not mrsrnforined, one of
the finest ports in the Gull ol .Mexico The productions ol
winch it was capable, wen. suitable to our wantd. Ho
would not give Texas for Florida in a naked exchange.
'1 he first proposition contained m the second resolution
was thus, Mr. Clay thought, fully sustained. The next
was, that it was inexpedient to rede Texas to any for-
eign power. \ir Clay said he was opposed to the transfer
ol any pait of the territories ot the United States to an) for-
eign power. They constituted, r* his opinion, a sacred in-
heritance of posterity, \\ hieh we ought to preserve unim-
paired. He wished it was, il it were not, £ fundamental and
inviolable law of the land, that the; should be inalienable
to any foreign power.
The question was, by whose race it (Texas) shall be peo-
pled In oui hands, it will be peopled by freemen and the
sons oi freemen, eairs ing with them ourlanguage. oui law s,
and our libei ties, establishing on the prairies of Texas tem-
ples dedicated to the simple and devour modes of worship
of (rod, incident to oui 3 eligion, and temples dedicated tu
that freedom w Inch w e odoi'e next to him In the hands
of otheis, it may become the habitation of despoil'm and
slaves, subject to the \ ile domin.on ol the inquisition and
superstition.
Bui, .Mr. Cla\ said he must enter his solemn protest against
this, arid c\ery other species of foreign interference m our
mattcis with Spam. VV'hnt have they to do with tlu m!
Would thev not repel, as olllcious end m-ultmg mtiuMon,
any interference on our port m their concur its with othei
foreign Stales' "Would his imperial Majesty hc\e listened
with complacency to oui lemomtiance-, against the vast
acquisitions w hioh he ha < lecently made '
The. allowance of inteiference 1)) foreign power- in the
affaii of our government, not pertaining to themselves is
agfimst the counsels of our wisest politician1-'.—tho^e of
Washington, Jeiier-on, ana he woul 1 add aho those of th'
present cluef magMate (\'i. .Monroe)
He was t:r from toying that m the foreign action of tins
government, it might not be pi udent to keep a watchful e> e
upon the piobjble conduct of foreign poweis. 'I hat might
be a nidteiijl circumstance to be Takm into c onsidt 3ation
But he never would a vow-to our own people—never pro-
mulgate to foreign powers—that their wishes and interfer-
ence wore the controlling cause of our policy. Such pro-
mulgation w ould lead to the most alarming conccjuence;;
It was to mute from them interposition. It might, in pro-
cess of time, create in the bosom of our country a Russian
faction, a British faction, a French faction Every nation
ought to be zealous of this species of interference, whatever
was its form ol government But, of all forms ol government,
the united testimony ol all history admonished a republic
to be most guarded against it From the moment that Philip
intermeddled in the affairs of Greece, the liberty of Greece
was doomed to inevitable destruction
He knew that there were honest and enlightened men
who feared that our confederacy was aheady too large, and
that there was danger of disruption, arising out of the want
of reciprocal coheience between its several parts. lie
hoped and believed that the principle of representation, and
the formation of States, would preserve us a united peo-
ple.
Shall We (exclaimed Mr Clay) enter on the game with
our hand exposed to the adver&ary, whilst he shuttles the
cards to acquire more sUength'
But, sir, "tempord viutantwr ct 110s Diutamur cum li-
tis" In the progress of time, nfi extraordinary
change seems to have taken place in the opinions of
Mi. Clay. Such, sir, were his opinions as to the
value of Texas, and its importance to this country,
in 1320 and 18*55. Now we must "pause awhile,
and people our vast wastes." Then, "the line of
the Sabine (the line of the Mexican republic) ap-
proached our great western mart nearer than could
be wished." Now, "we should have the Canadian
republic on one side, and that of Texas on the
other," separate and independent. Such, then, were
his opinions of the cession of Texas to a foreign
power and its settlement by a foreign population,
and the importance and the constitutionality of iu
reacquisition. Now, Mr. Clay says, "Mr. Jefferson
expressed the opinion, and others believed1' it to be
unconstitutional, "to add foreign territory to the
confederacy. Such, then, were his opinions of the
interference of a foreign power in our matters with
Spam. Such interference then, was "insulting in-
trusion." Then, "he never would avow to our own
people" that such interference was "the controlling
cause of our policy;" because it would lead to
alarming consequcuccs," and "invite from them inter-
position, ^ and create foreign factionsm this country,
and bring upon it inevitable destruction. Now,
he hesitates, and "supjwscs" sonic foreign power,
jealous of our greatness, might take part-with Mex-
ico, and that "Great Britain and France, or one of
them, were to take part with Mexico,1'and proclaim
their object to be "to check the spirit of encioach-
ment of an already overgrown republic," "and to
orevent the further propagation of slavery from the
United States. Mr. Clay then thought that our con-
federacy was not too large; he then "hoped and be-
lieved that the principle of representation, and the
foimation of States, would preserve us a united
people." Now, he thinks that "Texas ought not to
be received into the Union" "in decided opposition
to the wishes of a considerable and respectable por-
tion of the confederacy." Then, he thought wc
hliould "put aside the treaty," and if Spain should
uslill palter ^ we should "assert our lights by what-
ever measures it is for the interest of our country to
adopt;" now, when, in the opinion of all the world,
the reoccupation of Texas by Mexico is utterly im-
possible, Mexico may "pafter" as much and as long
as she pleases, and the rights of Texas, which, by our
treaty with Fiance, we solemnly pledged ourselves to
protect, are not to be asserted, because we may not
"be free from injury m a state of war with Mexi-
co." Then, Mr. Clay thought it unwi.se "to expose
our hands to our adversary whilst he bhujjkb the
cards to acquire more strength;" now, I suppose,
we are to sit passive whilst England shuffles and
stocks the cards, and Mexico deals us a broken hand.
Sir, has this great and glorious republic sunk sn
low among the nations that it must cower before the
frowns of England? Or has the gi eat defender of the
rights and intcieMs of the West succumbed to the
gloomy dictator of theNorth?
But, sn, 1 anticipate. I had intended to call the
attention of the committee to <1 letter of Mr. Clay,
dated at Raleigh, April 17, 1841. From this letter
I beg leave to read the following extracts. Mr.
Clay says.
But ore we perfectly muw that we should be free from in-
jury 111 r) state of war with V< xico' Have we uu* security
that countless numbers ol hueign \cs^p]«, under the au-
thority and flag ol vcaico, would not prev upon our de-
leiK el>js<. commerce in il.e ."Mexican grlf, "on the Pac.lie
ocean, ^nd on < \ er\ other sea and o^ean' V, hat eomn"eT'-e,
Oil l he othei hand, <loe:> .Mexico oiit r as an mdemritv lor our
!<><• 1 >, tu the g-tlhxiiti y u.d enter pn< e ol cui count!) men '
'ih.1' view oi the subject vu] 1 o-e-, fhc.t th" «ar v ouhl be
cm.lined to the Tni'td M.;tes and Voico ex the onh bel-
ligerents But have we any ceipm guoiann that Mexico
w ould obtain no ollits-. emong th'j gn ot Lutopean poweih >
Suppose an% sucn jiowit., jealous ol our increasing great-
ness, and disposed to cluck u ir growth an-1 cuppie us were
to take part m behalf of Ve\;eo m the w or: how would the
different belhgeicnts present theniM-lve* to Christendom
and the enlightened woild' V/e h?\e been serlousdv
charged with an inordinate spirit ol territorial aggrandize-
ment; and, without admitting the justice of the charge, it
must be owned that we have made vast acquisitions of tei-
ritory within the last foity years, buppo&o, Grejt J^iiiai:'
