434
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Resolved, 1. That in the opinion of this House the
United States has a clear and undisputable title to all
the country on the northwest coast of America,
commonly called the Oregon, from the 42d parallel of
north latitude, to 54° 40' of north latitude.
2. That it is the imperious duty of the government
of the United States to take possession of all the
country owned by it on the northwest coast, and to
organize such a territorial government as will give
ample and complete protection to our citizens in
that quarter.
Mr. BLACK asked the gentleman from Mis-
souri to accept the following as a modification of his
resolution:
Jlnd resolved, That it is expedient and conducive
to the best interests of the country, that Texas
should be reannexed to the United States as soon as
the annexation can be accomplished upon fair and
legitimate principles.
Mr. HUGHES accepted the amendment as a
modification of his resolution, and renewed the call
for the previous question.
Mr. McDOWELL called for a division of the
question, so as to take the rote separately on the
two subjects of Oregon and Texas.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to lay the resolu-
tion, as modified, on the table.
Mr. HUGHES called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. WILLIS GREEN to lay the resolution on
the table. He did not know what boundaries the
resolution called for, or whether we had a right to
all the country it designated, and wished to examine
that question before he voted. He hoped the reso-
lution would be laid on the table for the present.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina suggested
that the best course would be to let the resolution
lie over for a day or two, till the gentleman had
examined into it.
Mr. SAMPLE asked if it was in order to move
to divide the question, so as to take it first on laying
the two branches of the resolution on the table sepa-
rately.
The SPEAKER said that the motion to lay on
tiie table was not divisible.
Mr. WELLER wished to inquire, if the House
should refuse to lay the resolution on the table, and
then adopt the fii$t branch of it, if it would be in
order to move to lay the second branch on the
table.
The SPEAKER said he would decide that ques-
tion when it came up.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 106, nays 66, as follows:
YE.AS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Baker,
Barringer, Benton, Brengle, Biodhead, Milton Blown,
Jeremiah Brown, Buftington, Campbell, Gary, Carroll,
Cdtlm, Clmgman, Cobb, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Ganett
Davis, Richard I). Davis, Deberiy, Dickey, Dickinson,
Dillingham, Dunlap. Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Foot, Gid-
tlmgs, Willis Gieen, Byram Green, Grimiell, Grider, Hale,
Hamlm, Harper, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungeilord, Washing-
ton Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, livm,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Pi eston King,
Kirkpatrick, Leonaid, Lewis, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen,
Maclay, McClelland, Mclhamr, Maush, Edward J. Moms,
Joseph Morris, Moselny, Murphy, Nex, Parmenter, Patter-
son, Peyton, Elisha 11. Potter, Pratt, Preston, Ramsey,
Ruthbun, Reding, Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Roger's,
Russell, Sample, Schenck, Benter, Seveiance, Thomas II.
Sejmour, David L. Seymour, Simons Simpson, Albert
Nmith, Spcnce, Stetson, Andrew Stewait, John Stewart,
Snong, bummers, bykes, Thomasson, Tyler, Vance, Van-
i-etoi, Wh'Jiton, White, Williams, Winthrop, and Wilhdin
Wright—106
NAi'S—Messrs. Atkinson, Bidlack, Edward J. Black,
Black-well, Bower, Bowlin, Bojd, William J. Brown,
Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben Chapman, Chappell, Coles,
Crois, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dellet, Douglass, Dromgoole, Foster, French, Haralson,
Hardin, Henlej, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hughes Charles J. Jngersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George "W. Jones, Andicw Kennedy,
Labranohe, Lucas, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
Norm, Owen. Payne, Pettit. Emeiy D Potter, David S.
Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Slidell, Thomas Smith. Robert Smith,
?teemod,* Stiles, Stone, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
Weller, Wentwoith, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright
—66.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. CROSS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing buch citizens of the United States as were
included within the limits of Texas on a survey of
the boundary line between the two countries, to
bring their property in the United States in all cases
where they settle in and become citizens thereof.
On the motion of Mr. CROSS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a mail route from Para-
clifta, in Sevier county, Arkansas, via the settlement
on Casititi Bayou, to Boonville, in Scott county, of
said State.
Mr. McCLELLAND submitted the following
resolution; which being objected to, goes over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire in the expediency
of extending the provisions of the pension laws to
those who served three months as soldiers in the
revolutionary war; and of rescinding so much of said
laws, and the regulations under the same, as require
proof of service, in cases where pensions are contin-
ued to widows after the death of their husbands;
and where proof of such service was made by such
husbands before their death to the proper deparfc-
ment.
Mr. LYON, by leave, introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the improvement of the entries into the
Kalamazoo and Grand rivers, on the eastern coast of
Lake Michigan; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LEVY submitted three resolutions in one.
Mr. ADAMS objected to such a course, as an
evasion of the rule.
The SPEAKER said that no gentleman could
present more than one resolution at a time.
Mr. LEVY explained, that the day fixed for the
territorial business was one of the days of the en-
suing week, and hence the necessity for the intro-
duction of the resolutions at this time.
Mr. ADAMS still objected, and gave notice that
he should debate the second resolution.
Mr. LEVY then presented the first of the series
of resolutions, which was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be directed to inquire into the propriety of making
provision for the completion of public buildings
m Florida.
Mr. LEVY moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to offer the second resolution.
Mr. ADAMS again intimated that he desired to
debate it.
The SPEAKER put the question on suspending
the rules, and there not being two thirds in the af-
firmative, the rules were not suspended.
On motion of Mr. H. DODGE, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House the several
sums of money appropriated to defray the expenses
of the legislative assembly of the Territory of Wis-
consin, specifying the date and the object of such ap-
propriations. Also, the several sums of money
allowed and paid at the Treasury Department for the
above purpose, specifying the date of such pay-
ments, and the names of the persons to whom, and
the object for which, such payments have been
made. Also, the amount of such expenses, disal-
lowed or suspended, specifying the names of the
persons in whose favor, and the object for which
such expenses were incurred.
Mr. DODGE of Iowa presented the following
ing resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency and necessity of establishing the following
mail routes in the Territory of Iowa: From Du-
buque, via township 89 N., in ranges 1 and 2
West, and the southwest corner of township 90,
of range 2 west; thence by the "colony," or "More-
land's settlement," and Ead's Grove to Fort Atkin-
son, on Turkey river. Also from Dubuque, in
two horse coachcs, via Cascade and Marion, to
Iowa city.
The States and Territories having been called
thrcugh,
The SPEAKER proceeded again to call (hem in
reversed order.
Mr. LEVY offered the following resolution, be-
ing the second of a series previously offered, but
objected to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to inquire how far it may be advisable
for this House to take action in reference to charters
for incorporation granted in the several Territories
since their organization, with a view of relievingthe
said Territories from the effects of unwise or hasty
legislation of this description, before their erection
into States.
On this resolution the previous question was de-
manded.
Mr. ADAMS again declared his intention to de-
bate this resolution,
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding
the demand for the previous question, but tellers
were ealled for, and Messrs. Thomasson and Tuck-
er were appointed. They reported 54 in the affirm-
ative, which was not a sufficient number. So the
previous question was not seconded.
The resolution then went over under the rule.
Mr. LYON, in pursuance of notice, introduced a
bill to amend an act confirming certain land claims
in the State of Michigan; which was read twice,
and committed to the Committee on Private Land
Claims. '
Mr. McCLELLAND presented resolutions of
instruction of the legislature of Michigan, in favor
of a modification the present tariff law; which were
laid on table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS offered the following resolution, and
demanded the previous question thereon:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be authorized to inquire into the expediency
of authorizing the President of the United States,
when he shall be officially notified that any one of
certain foreign governments (to be designated by
law) has reduced the duties on American pork, beef,
grain, and breadstuffs, or either of these articles, to
an ad valorem standard of less than 20 per centum,
at once, by proclamation, to admit articles of
equivalent commercial importance and magnitude
(the products of said foreign governments) to be in-
troduced into the United States at a corresponding
rate of duty—the said articles of equivalent com-
mercial importance to be designated by law.
Mr. CARROLL moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and called for the yeas and nays thereon;
which, being taken, resulted thus—yeas 54, nays 93,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Baker, BiJlack, Jeremiah Brown,
Bnffington, Gary, Cairoll, Collamer. Cran&ton. Garrett
Bavis, Richard D. Davis. Dickey, Ellis, Foot Foster. Gad-
digs. Byram Green, Hubhell, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Chas. J Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin. Jenks, Perley
B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel i'.
King, McJIvame, 'Marsh, Edward J. Morns, Mo«eley,
Nes, Patterson, Elisha R.Potter, Pieston. Ramsey. Rock-
well, Rogers. Sample, Schenck, Sentcr. Seveumce, David L.
Seymour, Albert Smith, Caleb B Smith, Speiico, Andrew
Stewart, Summers, Thomasson, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
White, William Wright and Yost—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Atkinson, Bar-
ringei, Benton,Boyd,Milton Brown, Wm. J. Brown. Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Chap-
pell, Clinch, Clmgman, Cobb. Coles, Cross, Dana, Daniel,
John W. Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dellett, Dickinson,
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Elmer, Fickliu, French, Willis Green,
Grinnell, Hale, Hamlm, Hammett; Haralson, Hardin, Hai-
per, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Hun-
geiford, { ave Johnson, George W Jon^s, Kirkpatrick,
Leonard, I,cw)s. Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen. Maclay, Mc-
Clelland, McConnell, McKay, Joseph. Morris, Murph),
Noiris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Emerj D Potter,
Piatt, David S Reid, Reding, Relte, Rheft, Robinson. Hus-
sell, Saunder«, X. H. Seymour, Simpson, Shdell, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart.
Strong, S}kes, Thompson. Tibbatts, Tuckei, Wentvvotth,
Wheaton, Williams, and Woodwaxd—93
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. LEWIS demanded the previous question;
which being seconded, and the main question order-
ed to be put, (viz: shall the resolution be adopted,)
the yeas and nays were demanded, and ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 88, nays 56. So the
resolution was adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH, on leave, introduced a
bill to reorganize the district and circuitcourts in the
State of Illinois; which way read twice, and referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to suspend the rules that
the House might resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union: negatived.
Mr. BLACK WELL offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of having the property of the United States,
within the District of Columbia, assessed, that Con-
gress may know what amount of appropriations
should be made for the benefit of said District, in
proportion to the amount paid annually by the citi-
zens of the District.
Mr. G.W.JONES offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the papers in the case of John W.
Custer, heretofore referred to the Committee of
Claims, and by that committee reported upon ad-
versely, be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with instructions to inquire whether the evi-
dence of the loss of the horse in this case is not suf-
ficient to establish the fact under the law of Con-
