CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of October 14th, 1837, upon strictly legal
principles of evidence.
Mr. CAYE JOHNSON submitted the following
resolution; which was read, and debate arising there-
on, it was laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That a select committee of nine mem-
bers be appointed, who shall have power to revise
the rules and orders of the House as adopted, and
that they have leave to report at any time.
Mr. TIBBATTS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether any, and if any, what
legislation is necessary so to regulate the practice in
suits in chancery in the courts of the United States
as that the record shall contain the whole of the
proceedings in such suits, and that any error in
them may be revised in the Supreme Court.
On motion of Mr. COBB,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expe-
diency and propriety of establishing a tri-weekly
mail-route from Gainsville, Georgia, to Dahlonega,
Georgia, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BURT submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee, to which was
referred, on the 22d of December last, the resolves
of the legislature of Massachusetts, proposing an
amendment of the constitution of the united States,
be required to report, to-morrow morning, the reso-
lution to which that committee came on the 10th of
February last, and also the journal of that com-
mittee.
Mr. ADAMS objected, and gave notice of debate;
and the resolution went over, under the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved a suspension of the
rules, but withdrew the motion.
On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expediancy
of allowing a pension to Mrs. Nancy Hardel, of
Harvey district, South Carolina, the widow of a
revolutionary soldier.
Mr. WOODWARD submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Select Committee to which
was referred on the 22d December last, the resolves
of the legislature of Massachusetts, proposing an
amendment of the constitution of the United States,
be required to report on Wednesday morning next,
the resolution to which that committee came on the
] 0th of February last, and also the journal of that
committee.
Mr. ADAMS moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. SAMPLE wished to state to the House, that
the committee would be ready to report to-morrow
week. They had only been delayed by the sick-
ness of a member of the committee.
Mr. BURT wished also to inform the House,
that the committee had resolved to report last Sat-
urday, but this resolve was reconsidered, and they
adopted a resolution to report next Saturday. He
added, that in his opinion the House had no assur-
ance that the committee would report at any time.
Mr. ADAMS made a statement in relation to the
action of the committee, the substance of which was,
that two of the members (of which the gentleman
from South Carolina was one) had agreed on a re-
port embodying their views, which had been laid
before the committee; that he himself had presented
his report to the committee, and that each of the
other members had for himself drawn up a report
and laid before them, with the exception of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Sample,] and the gen-
tleman from Maine, who was sick. These reports
he said would be in so as to enable the committee to
report next Saturday.
The question was then taken on laying the resolu-
tion on the table, and decided in the affirmative—ayes
60, nays 52.
So the resolution was laid on the tabic.
On motion by Mr. DAVID S. REID,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of granting a pension to Mary Crysal, and that
the accompanying papers be referred to said com-
mittee.
On motion by Mr. RHETT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of malting
an appropriation to supply and keep in repair the
buoys and lights heretofore authorized by law, on
the bar of St. Helena, South Carolina.
On motion by Mr. DEBERRY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from James-
town to Mocksville, North Carolina.
On motion by Mr. BARRINGER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be directed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation for the payment of Virginia
revolutionary land bounty warrants; which have
been issued, and are still due to revolutionary sol-
diers or their heirs.
Mr. SAUNDERS offered the following resolu-
tion, which was read; and debate arising thereon, it
was laid over under the rules:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to fix a day of
adjournment until the Texan and Oregon questions,
the tariff and retrenchment bills shall have been acted
on by both Houses of Congress.
GOLD DOLLARS.
Mr. McKAY, on leave, and in pursuance of no-
tice given, introduced a bill to authorize the coinage
of one dollar gold pieces at the mint of the United
States and its branches: read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the amount of re-
ceipts into the treasury during the present fiscal
year, from customs, from the sales of the public
lands, and from all other sources; and that he accom-
paey it with the estimate of the probable receipts
from the same source during the remainder of the
fiscal year.
Resolved, further, That the secretary also report to
this House the amount of expenditures during the
present fiscal year, as far as ascertained; and the
balances of unexpended appropriations on the 1st of
March instant.
On the motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, it was
Resolved, That it be referred to the Joint Commit-
tee on the Library to inquire into the propriety of
adopting means for the purchase and publication of
the writings of the late James Madison.
On the motion of Mr. LUCAS, the Speaker was
directed to fill the vacancy in the select committee
on the Massachusetts resolutions, occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Gilmer.
On the motion of Mr. SAUNDERS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutiouary
Claims be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of allowing the heirs of the late Colonel William
Grayson the commutation pay due to him as an
officer in the continental army during the war of the
revolution; and who was reduced m pursuance of
the resolutions of Congress of the 3d and 21st of
October, 1780.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, under the opera-
tion of the previous question, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish this House with a tabular state-
ment showing, ill separate columns, the ordinary and
extraordinary expenditures of the Government for
each year from the 4th day of March, 1835, till the 4th
day of March, 1843. Also, the estimates, appropria-
tions, and expenditures during the same years respec-
tively, under each of the principal heads of appropria-
tion, and especially on account of the civil and diplo-
matic expenses, the army, the navy, the legislature,
and the judiciary. Also, the contingent expenses of
each, the expenditures for the execution of treaties,
and the dates of the treaties under which they were
made, including the expenses of removal as well as
annuities and payments therein stipulated to be
paid for Indian lands. Also, a statement showing
the expenditures on account of Indian wars. Also,
the payment from the 4th of March, 1825, to the 4th
of March, 1829. and for each four years thereafter,
till the 4th of March, 1841, and from that time till
the 4th of March, 1843, on account of pensions and
other claims growing out of the two wars with Eng-
land. Also, all payments within the period last named,
on account of public buildings and grounds connec-
ed therewith; and the date of the laws under which
such buildings were authorized to be constructed.
Also, the unexpended balances of appropriation on
the 4th March, 1829,1833, 1837, 1841, and on the
4th ofMarch, 1843.
Mr. DICKINSON moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of taking up a resolution of-
fered by him on the 3d day ot January, which
was partially considered on the 10th of the same
month, and an amendment proposed by Mr. C 
Johnson, on which the question is now pending.
The resolution calls on the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to report the liabilities of the government in
1841.
Mr. D. called for the yeas and nays on his mo-
tion to suspend; and being ordered they were taken
as follows—yeas 75, nays 8J.
So the rules were not suspended.
After the yeas and nays were called for, and be^
fore they were taken,
Mr. McKAY, chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, stated that he ha.d a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, which he wished
read, showing that it would take six months, with
twenty clerks, to answer the resolution.
The reading of the letter was objected to, and the
yeas and nays ordered on the motion to suspend,
and resulted as stated above.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY offered the following reso-
lution, and called the previous question:
Resolved, That this House approve and adopt the
following opinions, as expressed by General Jack-
son in his letter to Dr. L. H. Coleman, of Warren-
ton, North Carolina, dated April 20, 1824, to wit :
That lead, iron, copper, hemp, and wool, "being
the great materials of our national defence, they
ought to have extended to them adequate and fair
protection, that our manufactories and laborers
may be placed in a fair competition with those of
Europe, and that we may have within our country
a supply of those leading and important articles so
essential to war;" that we have been too long sub-
ject to the policy of British merchants; and that it is
time we should become a little more Americanized,^
and, instead of feeding the paupers and laborers oi
England, feed our own; that "a careful and judi-
cious tariff" is necessary "to pay our national
debt, and afford us the means of that defence within
ourselves on which the safety of our country and
liberty depend; and last, though not least, give a
proper distribution to our labor, wnich must prove
beneficial to the happiness, independence, and
wealth of the community."
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the resolction be
laid on the table.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were demand-
ed and ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
19, nays 119.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. KENNEDY renewed his demand for the
pievious question; and the vote on seconding the de-
mand was taken by tellers, and resulted thus—61 in
the affirmative, and 80 in the negative.
The previous question was not ordered.
Mr. W. J. BROWN moved the following amend-
ment, and demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That this House approve of the senti-
ments of Henry Clay, expressed in his speech at
extra session of Congress, 1841, as follows: "Carry
out the principles of the compromise act. Look to
revenue alone for the support of government. Do
not raise the question of protection, which I hoped
had been put to rest: there is no necessity for pro-
tection."
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether the subject
would not go over, in consequence of a proposition
to amend having been made.
The SPEAKER replied, that the previous ques-
tion having been demanded, if that demand were
seconded, it would bring the House to a vote first
upon the amendment, and afterwards upon the
original resolution.
The question was then put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, and the votes be-
ing counted there were—100 in the affirmative, noes
not counted.
There was a second.
The mam question was then ordered to be put,
being upon the adoption of the amendment; and up-
on this question, the yeas and nays were demanded
and ordered; and being taken, resulted thus—yeas
82, nays 84.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARALSON, on giving his vote for the
amendment, said he wished it understood he did not
attribute its language or sentiment to Mr. Clay.
