438
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
time, evincing the benefits to owners trnd cultivators of the soil
from the manufacture* which have misen unforced itt the Uni-
ted States. Their principal protection by duties is incidental.
Those duties were imposed to raise the necessary revenue; but
greatly favored the manufactures."—I'a^c 29, Introduction.
Such, Mr. President, were the causes of the growth
of manufactures among us. They grew up of them-
selves, without the knowledge of politicians, and
without any aid from federal legislation, except the
incidental assistance from the imposition of revenue
duties. Their growth was natural—spontaneous—
unforced—without injury to commerce or agricul-
ture—without injury to revenue—and, what is not
to be forgotten, not only without a word of discon-
tent or dissatisfaction in any part of the Union, but
with the absolute approbation of all. I repeat it:
manufactures were just as popular at that time in
the South as they were in the North. JNo party
feeling, or sectional feeling, or even individual feel-
ing, was at that time entertained against them. All
cheered their progess, and honored their cause. All
befriended them, until politicians and millionary
capitalists converted them into a political interest
and an engine of oppression.
After having shown the flourishing condition of
manufactures, and the causes of their great and sap-
id growth among us, Mr. Coxe naturally looks
forward to the future, and inquires what, more is
yet to be done for them? He makes a formal head
of the inquiry, and indexes it with these impressive
words: "Promotion of manufactures—safe, clieap, be-
nevolent, and infallible method of." This was written
in September, 1814, in the 'third preface to Mr.
Coxe's work; and the date, as well as the inquiry,
becomes eminently material. It was only two years
before the politicians took hold of the subject, and
came forward with their protective system. Surely
if the further aid of Congress had been wanting,
Mr. Coxe (a writer for. twenty-seven years in favor
of manufactures) was the man to know it! the
month of September, 1814, was the time to find it
out! and this was the place in the book to tell it!
Does he do so? Does he ask for federal aid? Does
he ask for high duties and minimums? Does he
mention tariffs? Does he allude to any of these
things? No, sir, no ! None of these means of pro-
moting manufactures have any place in his mind,
or in his book. In the ample verge which he had
left himself for the insertion of every salutary aid
under the terms safe, cheap, benevolent, and infallible,
there was no place for federal protection or con-
gressional help !—no place for high duties and pro-
hibitory minimums ! Half a dozen pages are given
up to inculcating the necessity for the'diffusion of
skill, the multiplication of machinery, the adoption
of new improvements, the application of steam
power, the education of the operatives, and to the
cultivation of good fedlings in every part of the
Union, but not a word about protective duties and
minimums!—not a word about the tariff! In fact,
the word tariff is not mentioned in the book—not
once in the whole book—not once in a quarto vol-
ume of two hundred pages, wholly occupied with
the growth and establishment of manufactures, and
a special chapter devoted to the means of improve-
ment. The nearest approach that can be found to
it is in the word tar, in the index, where it is placed
for the purpose of showing that the tar-burners
would not give in the produce of their kilns, for
fear of being taxed; and that, consequently, tar has
no place in the census returns—no more than tariff
has in Mr. Coxe's book.
f cannot quit this part of my examination of the
subject without dwelling on the fact of this remark-
able non-appearance of the word tariff in such a
book. The word is not in the book! A writer for
twenty-seven years in favor of manufactures—issu-
ing a quarto volume on the subject—inquiring as
late as September, 1814, what further was neces-
sary to be done for his great and darling object:
this writer never once pronounces the word tariff!
"Vet in two years after that time politicians and mil-
lionary capitalists spread the teim through the land—
make it the watchword of party—the text of endless
huiangues—the ladder of political promotion—the
creed of politicians—the subject of catechism to
every candidate for office from the American presi-
dency to the township constable. Such is the pow-
er of party spirit and money—the power of a great
political party, and a great moneyed interest, actinff
mmfcfV""1 ■'°'nt aocount!aild agitating the
mtiy for their own selfish designs.
™ «-T' ^r" P0Xe couW find 110 Place under any
o ,hm. c ^of Promotwn of manufactures-
Si hei that of safe., or cheap, or benevolent, of in-
fallible—for inverting the word tariff—that word
which, for a quarter of a century, has been tearing
the peace of the country, and almost the Union it-
self, to pieces. But he did find a place for another
means of promoting and perpetuating the success of
this great interest, which does so much honor to
his patriotism, and has so strong an application to
our present condition, that I have reserved it for a
separate and final quotation. It is this:
"Some further illustration of the great interest of the
United States in the general business of manufactuies. of
their unforced progress, of their actual magnitude, of their
sure, easy means of their execution, and of their immoi ea-
ble establishment, w as the principal aim of this supplemen-
tary note. It was written in the summer of the current
year, 1814, while the original statement was issuing from
the press, and under the same circumstances as parts I and
II. The sole aim of the publication of the present entile
work is to elucidate, unite, and promote the ^ arious inte-
rests ot the American tamily, whether agricultural, mercan-
tile, manufacturing, or auxiliary, in the Noith and the
South, in the East, in the West, and m the centre. No par-
tial objects, local or professional, have influenced the publi-
cation. To sacrifice the rights and interests of tile mer-
chants to the exclusive benefit of the manufacturers, would
appear to be an unreasonable and vain attempt; to endeavor
to eflect a like sacrifice of the rights and interests of manu-
facturers, to the exclusive benefit of the merchants, would
seem to be equally irrational and vain; to neglect to foster,
by all wise measures, both external and internal tiade, or
toreign commerce and home manufactures, would appear
entirely to disregard the well-tried and certain means of
agricultural and landed prosperity, and of national wealth
and' power.*'—Paqe 70 of the introduction.
This is the last and crowning advice which this
patriotic man gives to the manufacturers. It is to
cultivate goodwill with all—endeavor to sacrifice no
interest—unite the whole American family—concili-
ate the North, South, East, West, and centre. This
was his last and crowning advice; and this was the
state of things when he wrote. How different from
the conduct of politicians, and the state of things
which they have brought about! And now, if I
should venture a piece of advice to the manufactur-
ers—I, who have always shown myself their true
and disinterested friend—it would be to eschew par-
tisan politics 1 Be as ardent in politices as tliey
please individually; but as a body, avoid the conta-
gion of partizan politics Of that disease died the
Bank of the United States!
I now submit, Mr. President, that I have made
good my third assertion—that I have proved the
successful and prosperous establishment of manu-
factures long before the invention of the protective
system; and, consequently, that there is no necessi-
ty for continuing that system, to prevent them now
from going to ruin.
The census of 1810 has done us good service on
this subject: we have had another census since,
which has done us good service upon it again. I
speak of the census of 1840. One shows us what
manufactures were: the other, what they are. And
though they are imperfect, from the honest fear which
many people had of being taxed, and which made
them withhold full returns, in some instances, yet,
as far as they go, they are correct and reliable.
Manufactures were well established from Mary-
land to Massachusetts in the year 1810. What are
they now? Let the census of 1840 speak! I have
recourse to the compendium of that document,
printed by Blair and Rives, and quote from pages
107 to 113, and from 356 to 361; and begin with the
State of Massachusetts. The woollen manufacture
of that State is set down at §7,082,898 upon a capital
of $4,179,850 invested, and with 5,076 persons em-
ployed. This is at the rate of about one dollar and
three quarters of annual product for each one dollar
invested, and about 1,400 for each hand employed.
This is the gross product, from which, of course,
the expenses are to be deducted. Deduct them!
They are not great in the fugal northeast—make an
allowance for machinery which supplies the place of
the people—or merely look to capital invested and
product yielded—and you will have an amount of
profit unknown in any other part of the world. So
much for wool: now for cotton. The value of this
manufacture is set down §16,553,423 on a capital of
£17,414,000 invested, and 20,928 persons employed.
This is at the rate of about dollar for dollar for the
capital, and about 760 dollars to the hand. Let us
try another article—that of leather. The manufac-
tures of this article are stated at $10,553,826 of
value, upon a capital of $3,318,544 invested: number
of persons employed not stated. The product com-
pared to the capital, in this case, is nearly three to
one.
[Here Mr. Crittenden inquired of Mr. B. what
was meant by capital invested. Did it include build-
ings and ground?]
Mr. B. I read the words as I find them, and have
no doubt they include the buildings and the ground,
as well as the machinery and water privileges, and
all auxiliary establishments. I give the words then-
largest import; let them include every possible out-
lay, and then say the product is the largest that ever
resulted from human labor in the annals of mankind.
But to pursue the inquiries through some other
articles in the State of Massachusetts. The manu-
factures of paper are set down at $1,659,930 value
upon a capital of $1,082,800 invested; which gives a
yield of a dollar and a half annually upon every
dollar invested. And so on through an almost end-
less list of other articles; and all coming out in about
the same way. Dollar for dollar—two dollars for
one—and sometimes three for one—are the usual
proceeds of the year upon the capital invested; and
after making every allowance for expenses to be de-
ducted from these amounts, the net profits, especial-
ly considering that machinery is chiefly employed,
one piece of which will do the work of two hun-
dred hands—eating, drinking, wearing nothing, nev< r
sleeping and never tiring: when we consider this, 1
repeat, the net profits must be the largest ever
known in the history of human labor. The manu-
facturers have often astonished us by publishing ac-
counts of 10, 12, 15, 17, 20 per cent, divided every
six months; and great as these dividends were, it is
certain they were, only a part of the profits. Large
surpluses were left to be divided in the lump on
some happy day, or to be invested in new works,
They could not venture to divulge the whole extent
of their real profits, for fear of producing too many
rivals.
Compare the proceeds of agriculture with these
proceeds of manufactures. Does the fanner get 100,
200, 300 per cent, annually upon the amount of his
capital invested? are his gross proceeds the equal,
the double, and the treble of his capital invested?
his lands, houses, slaves, cattle,implements? I thank
the senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittexden] for
his question. He has put the right question, and
brings out a fair comparison—the whole against the
whole! Take the whole, investment of the faimer,
or the planter, against the whole investment of the
manufacturer, and compare gross proceeds with
gross proceeds. I have no means of ascertaining
net profits, and that depends more upon the man-
ager than the subject: take the gross against th 
gross, and let the planter and the farmer answer.
Can he give you the third or the quarter, instead of
the double or the treble? Can he even give you ten
or 15 per cent., instead of 100, 200, and 300 per
cent.? No, sir? he cannot! and yet this farmer and
this planter is to be taxed in every necessary, and
in every comfort of his life to swell still higher and
to perpetuate still longer the enormous and exor-
bitant profits of a class who are advancing to prince-
ly wealth, while they themselves can hardly con-
trive to make the two ends of the year meet.
Besides the great articles worthy of separate con-
sideration which I have named, and which are spe-
cifically enumerated, I find, at page 361, a column of
non-enumerated articles, a sort of miscellaneous col-
lection of small items, not worthy of specific
enumeration. These anonymous articles, I sup-
pose, constitute what is known by the name of
"notions," and seem to be as profitable an invest-
ment as the rest. The Massachusetts report of
them stands at $6,560,234 value produced, for
$3,287,986 invested, which is about two for one.
Rhode Island stands at $1,658,193 upon $820,450
invested, which is about the same late. Connecti-
cut stands at $2,266,994, upon an investment of
$l,2a4,576, which is still coming up pretty nearly to
the same mark. The whole value of these "fto-
,tion$" in New England is about six millions of dol-
lars—about equal to the flour export of the whole
United States—with a "ross product of two to one
upon the capital invested in their production; yet the
wheat-growers must be taxed for the making of
them, as well as taxed by their purehase.
It is impossible to follow these tables through the
hundreds of articles of manufactures which they
present, and through all the States, from Maryland
to Massachusetts, where they are chiefly earned on.
The compendium ism every senator's hands; and each
one can pursue the inquiry for himself. Would to
God that one was in the hands of every citizen of
the Great West, that he might see how many
thousand times better off than himself is
the millionary capitalist, for whose fur-
ther enrichment he is grievously and daily taxed
in all the comforts and necessaries of life, nnd
through #11 the divisions of his household, from his
