452
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Payfie.
April, 1844,
H. of lleps.-
government would perpetrate upon Mexico by the
ratification of this treaty.
Now, sir, when we consider the obvious and no-
torious inability of Mexico to reconquer Texas,
and that she has not made a single effort since the bat-
tle of San Jacinto for any such purpose; and when
Great Britain, by interposing her mediatorial offices
to induce Mexico to recognise the "independence of
Texas, has given what is usually regarded as a
pledge to prevent the reconquest of the one to the
other,—the whole world regard the dominion of
Mexico over Texas as irrevocably lost; and it is
vain to disguise the fact, that this is reduced to a
diplomatic contest between Great Britain and the
United States. As to Mexico, I have no doubt
she will regard the treaty as a perfect God-send, by
■which she can honorably adjust a claim which has
become purely nominal.
SPEECH OF MR. PAYNE,
OF ALABAMA.
In the House of Representatives, .'Ipril 5, 1844—On
the bill making appropriation for certain harbors
and rivers.
Mr. Chairman: This is the first time, since I
have had the honor of a seat upon this floor, I have
ever risen to make a party speech. Hitherto, my
remarks have been addressed exclusively to the
subject under consideration; but I take this occasion
to announce, at the outset, that it is not my purpose
to debate the proposition now before the committee.
Why should I deviate from the course heretofore
pursued by me? For the last month, no question,
however trivial or important, is permitted to escape
a party disci'ssion; not for the purpose of enlighten-
ing the House, and thereby leading us to correct
conclusions, but for the ignoble purpose of making
political capital, and exciting, in an improper de-
gree, the public mind. Recently, a bill was report-
ed establishing a specific and uniform day for hold-
ing the election for President and Vice President of
the United States. It gave rise to an acrimonious
party debate. The bill to repeal the, distribution
act of the 27th Congress produced similar results.
Later still, a proposition, not now recollected by me,
assumed a party aspect; and to-day, contrary to the
expectation, I dare say, of every member of the
committee, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Da-
vis] excepted, he has thought proper to wander
from the point at issue, and to attack, with great
violence, the late administration ofMr. Van Buren.
Sir, for all of this I am in no way responsible.
Notwithstanding the repeated and increasing vio-
lence of these attacks, the party with which I am
identified has forborne to repel them, not because
we were unable or unwilling to do so, but because
we preferred quietly and quickly to perform our
public duties, and return to our constituents, there-
by proving to them th^t their confidence in our abil-
ity and patriotism had not been misplaced. But for-
bearance, when pressed beyond a certain point,
ceases to be a virtue. The republican members of
this House have reached that point. To forbear
longer would be criminal; and I shall proceed in my
own way to repel those attacks.
Sir, I trust, by the indulgence of the chair, I shall
be permitted to go back and refute a charge made
against Mr. Van Buren by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Hardin.] That gentleman has renewed
the oft-refuted slander of Mr. Van Buren's opposi-
tion to the late war; again and again has this stale
and senseless charge against Mr. Van Buren been re-
futed by his friends; and yet it is still pressed upon
the public mind. There is not a petty politician in
the nation, or a political grimalkin, who has not
mouthed over jt a hundred times—and nine times
out of ten knowing it to be false. But, as the firm-
est rock is ultimately effected by the continued
dropping of the water, so those politicians hope to af-
fect the public mind, by continuing to ring in the
ears of the people "that van Buren opposed the late
war."
What is the evidence upon which they rely? Mr.
Van Buren voted for De Witt Clinton for the pres-
idency, against Mr. Madison. Sir, this furnishes
no evidence sustaining the supposed fact, charged
by the gentleman from Illinois: all that it does
prove, is, that Mr. Van Buren, at the time the vote
•was; given, preferred Mr. Clinton to Mr. Madison
for the presidency- Why this preference? Mr.
Clinton was a distinguished and honored citizen of
Ml-. Van Buren's own State. Other things being
equal, this was alone sufficient to determine the pre-
ference of Mr. Van Buren in favor of the' latter.
But there were other weighty considerations which
may have operated upon the mind, and controlled
the action of Mr. Van Buren. I appeal to the
oldest and best informed members of this House, if
it be not true, that in 1812, many of the warmest ad-
vocates of the war, (knowing the peculiar cast of
Mr. Madison's mind,) doubted his fitness to con-
duct the nation successfully, through the trying
and perplexing dangers which surrounded her at
that time. Let me not be misunderstood. Whether
the fears of the advocates of the war were properly
or improperly founded, I do not pretend to judge.
But I speak of a fact known to exist; and there is
the most undoubted evidence now existing, that it
was these apprehensions, in which the public mind
so largely participated, which induced Mr. Van Bu-
ren to prefer Mr. Clinton as the war candidate for
the presidency over Mr. Madison. In proof upon
this point, I appeal to whig authority; and if I can-
not retort upon the gentleman from Kentucky, his
quotation viz.: "as Nathan said unto David, thou
art the man," I can, at least, say to the whig party,
"out of thine own mouth will I condemn thee." I
desire the clerk, sir, to read the correspondence,
which I send to the table. The clerk then read as
follows:
Avon, Livingston county, Feb. 24, 1844.
Sir: For the purpose of settling a subject of debate among
some friends, who agreed to refer the matter to you, allow
me to inquire what were the opinions and conduct of Martin
Van But en in the early stages of the war of 1812, touching the
policy of tht war: On what grounds did he support De IVitt
Clinton for the presidency in opposition to Mr. Madison ? Jlnd
what were Mr. Clinton's views in relation to the war and its
contmv-ancet
We believe Mr. Clinton to have been the peace-party can-
didate, and that Mr. Van Buren supported him on that
ground. Will you have the kindness to set us light, either
by answering m the Commercial Advertiser, or by letter.
[1 by letter, we will not regard it as intended for publica-
tion.
^ our answers to the above will much oblige, many whig
friends. I am, very respectfully,
ISAAC WELLS.
William L. Sto.vf, esq.
answer.
Wc prefer giving a public answer to the foregoing com-
munication, mode, we doubt not, in good faith, lor several
reasons. Principal among these is the strong desire we
have that justice should be done to all men, and wc think
that Mr Van Buren has not been l.urly dealt b) in the mat-
ters referred to. It is true, that Mr. Van Duron was one ol
the early supporters of Mr. Clinton for the ofhee ol Presi-
dent, m the year 1812, in opposition to Mr, Madison, that he
took part in the republican legislative caucus at which Mr.
Clinton was first nominated. The caucus was held, and that
nomination was made, on the 28th of-May, nearly a month
before the declaration of war. The elections m thiv State
were then held in April, and the political year commenced
on the first Monday of July. Mr. Van Buren had been cho-
sen to the Senate m April, but was not, of course, a mem-
ber of the legislature that made the nomination. Ilis sena-
torial term commenced on the lirst Monday of July; and he
first took his seat at the e\tra session held in November to
choose the presidential electors
Furthermore, it is also true that Mr. Clinton became the
candidate of "the peac<. party.'' Yet it js not true that he
was originally nominated as such, or that Mr. Van Buren,
after taking his seat in the legislature, supported him as
such. He (Mr Clinton) was, in fact, driven into that posi-
tion by the force of circumstances., and it i* no moic than
justice to Mr. Van Buren to say that, after Mr. Clinton be-
came identified with the peace party as their candidate, his
support of him became languid. Indeed, wc have ieason to
believe that he thenceforward threw his influence, as far as
he could do so, considering the previous committal of the
legislative caucus, which he held to bo binding upon the
party, m behalf of Mr. Madison. The truth is, Mr. Clinton
was never nominated or supported as an opponent to the
war, but directly the reverse. He was thus nominated and
supported expressly upon the ground that the chms de-
manded a more vigorous arm at the holm of state than Mr.
Madison's.
The war had not been actually declared, it is true, but
every intelligent man saw that it was inevitable, and very
Hear, and it was feared, as ihe result proved, that under Mr.
Madison'*; administration it would be feebly conducted. Be-
lieving thus, that the times demanded an executive of
greater envigy and force of character, the aitf nfion of many
patriotic men of both political parties was directed else-
where than to Virginia for a candidate; and, from the high
intellectual qualities of Mr Clinton, and the energy of his
character, it w os conceived that he would prosecute the
impending contest with greater vigor, and bring it to a
more speedy and honorable close than could be done by
Mr. Madison.
This was thn ground upon which he was nominated, and
upon which he was supported by Mr. Van Buren, and such
of the old republican p'rty as adhered to him through the
contest. As to the opinions and conduct of Mr. Van Buren
m the early stages of the Avar, we have reason to know
that they were not exactly m harmon) with the majority of
the people of this State, even of hib own party, at the time;
for it must here be borne in mind that a very decided ma-
jority of the representatives in Congress from the State of
New York—with Ooadiah German in the Senate at their
head—voted against the declaration of war; not, however,
that they held the contest to be unjust, but they believed
the country wholly unprepared for war at the time, and
consequently that the declaration was inexpedient Such,
probably, were the original views of Mr. Van Buren—
such, certainly, were the views of Mr. Clinton.
But, the war having been declared, it is due to Mr. Van
Buren to say that no public man in the State supported it
more thoroughly, heartily, and zealously throughout, than
he did. Such, we know, is not the received opinion in many
parts of the country—especially in the distant States*, and
we frequently see attempts making, in the presses opposed
to him, to render him unpopular by charging him with op-
position to the war itself, as well as to Mr. Madison. But
the charge is untrue.
Many of our political friends will scowl upon us, we
know, for our frankness on this occasion. But we care not
for that. Justice to all men is Our maxim; and wc wish not
to beat even Mr. Van Buren by falsehood. Wc have, in-
deed. truth enough at our command to do that with.
Mr. Payne resumed. Sir, in these days of polit-
ical prostitution, it is truly cheering and gratifying
to our feeling of patriotism, to find one politician in
the whig ranks, who, regardldss of the "scmcls" of
his party, will do justice even to Mr. Van Buren.
There may be others whose honesty of feeling-
would prompt them to do so, but who have not the
moral courage to resist the prevailing sentiment of
the party, "That the end justifies the means." Be
that as it may, sir, no member on this floor will
publicly impeach the credibility of Mr. Stone. He
has been too long and too favorably known as a
distinguished supporter of whig principles for that.
His honesty will excite the indignation of federal
leaders against him; but they will not, they dare not,
complain. As to the actual support of the war, af-
forded by Mr. Van Buren, after it was declared, the
history of the country, and the records of the great
State of New York, bear the most conclusive evi-
dence. It was my intention to have read an ex-
tract from the address, to the people of New York,
written by Mr. Van Buren, in support of the war;
but not expecting to address the House this morn-
ing, I have not a copy of it by me. I take this occa-
sion to remark, however, that for beauty and vigor
of style, exalted sentiment, and burning patriotism,
it is surpassed by no production in the, English
language; and is equalled only by the declaration of
American independence. Sir, I here rest this ques-
tion: I can add nothing that will strengthen the tes-
timony of Mr. Stone. Will any federal member
dare impeach his veracity?
The next charge against Mr. Van Buren is, that
he left an enormous public debt as a legacy to the
present administration. This debt is said, by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cj.iugman,]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stew-
art] to be thirty millions of dollars. This charge
was first made by Thomas Ewing, Secretary of the
Treasury. The gentlemen already alluded to
have but re-echoed the false statement of a public
functionary, who, unmindful of the dignity of his
position, and of his obligations to the country as a
public officer, was the first—and it is hoped, for the
honor of the'eountry, will be the last man—uWho will
prostitute official station to the unholy purpose of
practising a party fraud upon the public mind.
There is nota "small-beer" politician, from the Hu-
ron to the Atlantic, or from the St. Lawrence to the
Sabine, who has not mouthed over, this charge also.
Even the Senate of the United States, deceived by
the report of Mr. Ewing, at the 1st session of the
27th Congress, endorsed this statement of the public
debt. Mr. Wright and Mr. Woodbury rebuked
and exposed, at the-time, the false inferences drawn
from that report. But, sir, a majority of that body,
not satisfied with the correctness of this exposure,
adopted, on the, 3d day of December, 1841, the fol-
lowing resolution:
Revolted, That the acting Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate the amount of the public
debt, at this tune; and also on the 3d day of March last,
1841, with the particular items of such debt.
Now, sir, let us see what was the response of the
proper officer of the treasury to this resolution of the
Senate:
Statement of the public debt on the 3 d day of March, 1841.
TREASURY DbrAKTMnxr,
Rfgistkk's Otfick, December 23, 1811.
Treasury notes outstanding • • . $6,607,361 64
Debt ol the corporate cities of the District of
Columbia, assumed by the Unitt d States - 1,410,000 00
The old funded and unfunded debt, vi7*
Principal - $<53,174 38
Interest . - • 2-13,lot) 3(5
  306.390 71
The unfunded debt, registered cer-
tiiic.ites .... 26,622 44
Do Treasury notes issued during
the late war - - - 4,475 00
Do Mississippi certificates - - 4,320 09
  35,417 33
?8,379,059 81
T. h. SMl'i H,
Register.
