CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
wife, children, and servants, to the cattle that pursue
him for salt. I cannot pursue the table through
nine States, and the hundreds of articles in each of
these States, which show the present state of manu-
factures among them; but I have made an extract of
what relates to wool and cotton—the amount pro-
duced, and the amount invested in each—and here
present it as a specimen of the whole. It will be
seen that the product is generally at the rate of dol-
lar for dollar, and sometimes the double of it. This
is the table, leaving out Massachusetts, of which I
have already spoken:
I WOOL.
1
COTTON.
1
| Product.
Capital.
Product.
C apital.
Khortc Island ■
: $842,172
$6^5,350
$7,116,772
$7,326,000
Connecticut
! 2,40!,'313
1,931,335
2,71.">,000
3,152,000
Vermont •
j 1.331,000
1,400,95c
Bat little
New York - -
| 3,537,337
3,469,349
3,640,237
4,900,772
New Jersey
j 440,710
314,6r,0
2,066,104
1,722,810
Pennsylvania -
| 2 31Q,0fil
1,510,546
5,013,007
3,225,400
Delaware - •
''But little
_
^ 332,272
330.500
Maryland - -
j Little.
-
1,150,<3S0
1,304,400
The census returns of 1840, though ample in de-
tails, are deficient m a table of aggregates by States.
The cepsus returns of 1810, as digested and com-
pleted by Mr. Tench Coxe, contained such a table
for that year: it is to be regretted that the returns
of 1840'do not contain a similar one- they would
give us the comparative view of the manufactures
of the two periods, and show us how much they
had advanced in thirty years. I would have made
the table myself, and presented it in comparison
with that of Mr. Coxe; but many of the articles
being returned by quantities, without values an-
nexed, the labor of hunting out these values in
prices current, and then calculating the whole, was
too much for my time. Thus, the article of iron is
carried out in tons—286,903 tons of cast, and
197,233 tons of bar, being returned as the annual
product of the whole Union. The product of the
fisheries is returned in quintals (112 lbs.) and bar-
rels for the fish, and gallons for the oil. Thus,
773,947 quintals of dried fish; 472,G3!H barrels of
pickled fish; 4,764,708 gallons spermaceti oil;
7,536,778 gallons of other oil; while the article of
whalebone, and some minor items of the fisheries are
alone returned in value, and this part amounts to
£1,153,234; and all this upon a capital of $16,429,620
invested in these fisheries. The annual gross product
of this capital is probably dollar for dollar: yet the
western farmers, who are getting but ten or twelve
percent upon their investments, must be taxed 75 per
centon Liverpool salt, 100 percent on Turk's Island,
and nearly 200 on Mediterranean salt, to give the fish-
eries a pretext for drawing off illegally and unduly
about $350,000 of fishing bounties and allowances,
annually, from the treasury, under the assumption
of a drawback of the amount of duty paid on the
salt exported on the exported, fish; when the fact is
that they get the drawback on all the fish consumed
in the country, as well as on the exported part; and,
besides that, use much domestic salt, which has
paid no duty at all! and are getting the bounty at
the old rate of 20 cents a bushel on salt, while the
duty now is reduced to eight cents!
Not having an aggregate of manufactures, by
States, for 1840, in the census of that year, I am
driven to other sources, and to conjecture, to form
an opinion of it. Looking to these other sources,
and 1 find m our Congress library a return of "the
manufactures of Massachusetts for the year begin-
ning the 1st of Apri', 1836, and ending the 1st of
April, 1837, in which both the details and the ag-
gregate of that great branch of industry for that
State are fully and carefully given. The report
was made under the orders of the legislature, and
published by its authority, and may be relied upon
as correct. The value of the year is made upon
the average of the five preceding years; so that the
time of the product reported, refers itself to the years
1834-35. This report, thus made up, and after
leaving out 6,853,248 dollars of ship-building,'gives
86,282,616 dollars as the product of a single year's
manufacturing industry of that State. This is an
enormous sum. Carried forward from the time to
which it refers (1834-35) to the year 1840, which is
the proper point of contemplation and comparison,
and the amount cannot be less than one hundred
millions of dollars! What a stupendous production
for a population of 737,699 souls, and a territory of
8,000 square miles, and which has but two native
articles of export—ice and stone! Why, sir, it ex-
ceeds the agricultural export of the whole Union; it
exceeds the foreign trade of the whole Union; and if
the rest of the Union was in proportion to Massa-
chusetts, the manufacturing industry of the whole
would now be one thousand millions. Taking
Massachusetts as the criterion, and it would be that
much. Thus, in 1810, the aggregate of her manu-
factures was twenty-one millions of dollars; it has
multiplied five fold in thirty years; the same in-
crease through the Union would give one thousand
millions! But other States have not increased as
much, and three or four hundred millions may be
deducted. Six or seven hundred millions may
be the product of the Uuion: but let us confine our
attention to Massachusetts, about which there is no
doubt, and which is at the head of the manufacturing
interest of the country, and the great advocate of the
tariff. Her manufactures, beyond dispute, have
increased five fold in thirty years! and now, what
have agriculture and foreign commerce increased dur-
ing the same time? The lamentable tables which I
read yesterday, answer this question: and show that,
with a population more than doubled, with an ex-
tent of territory brought under cultivation, also more
than doubled, and with the great article of cotton
added, which constitues nearly two-thirds of the
whole—the great interests of agriculture and foreign
commerce remain now where they were thirty years
ago! And yet the farmers, the planters, and the
merchants, are required to take the manufacturing
interest in their arms, and carry it like a babe in a
cradle.
Manufactures are now well established: there is
another document which proves it as conclusively as
the census returns: I speak of the document of
Commerce and Navigation annually published by
order of Congress; and in which, among other
things, there is shown to be a largo exportation of
domestic manufactures! The amount and variety
of these exportations prove the fact of their com-
plete establishment, and ability to contend with their
foreign rivals abroad, as well as at home. The
value exported last year amounted to near nine mil-
lions of dollars; comprehending near sixty varieties
of articles; of which cotton goods amounted to
three millions of dollars; and iron, in the form of
pig, bar, castings, nails, &c., to one million one hun-
dred thousand. These articles go to Europe and to
Asia—to Mexico, South America, and the West In-
dies—there to contend, without protection, and bur
dened with costs for freight and other charges, with
the rival articles of all parts of the world! And
while they do this abroad, are they in need of enor-
mous protection from high duties, and prohibitory
duties, and prohibitory mmimums, at home? Is the
cotton, worn at home, to pay an enormous duty,
while it is worn abroad without duty? Is the fus-
tian, which is worn by the day laborer in the Uni-
ted States, to pay one hundred and forty-five per cent
duty, when it can go abroad, and be sold to the
South American or the Asiatic without duty? And
so of all other cotton articles, the manufacture of which
was fully established, as Mr. Tench Coxe has
proved, above thirty years ago? Our export of do-
mestic manufactures is now gieater than that of any
agricultural article, cotton only excepted. It is great-
er than that of tobacco, flour, salted provisions!
And while this is the case, can manufactures stand
in need of enormous protection, at the expense of
these articles5
Manufacturing industry has had, and still has to
a large degree, the sympathies of the western peo-
ple. It rested upon arguments which went home to
their bosoms—to their generosity and their patriot-
ism. Will you not protect home labor against for-
eign? Will you not make your country lndepend
ent of Europe for what is necessary to independ-
ence, and to comfort? Will you not be independent
in fact, as well as in name? The brave son of the
~West answers, Yes! and shoulders any load to ac-
complish the object. But the time is come for him
to see that his generous and patriotic feelings have
been sported with—in fact, that he has been most
magnificently humbugged and bamboozled—that, in-
stead of providing for the independence of his dear
country, he is only enriching still more inordinately
those who are already a thousand times more pros-
perous than himself.
Manufactures are in no need of the enormous pro-
tection which the act of 1842 gives them: they need
but little, and I am willing to give them far more
than they need. I am ready to give them the pro-
tection resulting from the highest revenue duty, say
30 or 33j per cent.—which, with the costs and
charges, and the importing merchant's profit, is a
protection of full 50 per cent, against the foreign ri-
val. A difference of 50 per cent is half the battle!
and the manufacturer who cannot stand his ground
with that difference in his favor, has certainly mista-
ken his vocation.
But 50 per centum protection is not the only pro-
tection which our manufacturers would now enjoy:
they now have, the advantage of the same measure
of values which is used in other countries, and
which will enable them to sell in the same markets,
and against all competitors. We now have gold and
silver in the country, the true measure of all values
—the only standard of all prices—the safe protector
of all labor. Since the gold bill of 1834, and the sil-
ver bill of the same year, one hundred and twenty
millions of gold and silver have been imported into
the United States; and the importation still contin-
ues, and can be carried to any amount that we
please. Twenty-four millions were imported last
year, of which seventeen and a half millions were in
gold. Since I have sat in this chair—that is to say,
since the year 1820—one hundred and eighty mil-
lions of silver, and fifty millions of gold, making
two hundred and thirty millions of hard money,
have been imported into our country, of which one
hundred and twenty millions, and forty millions of it
gold, now remain. This gives a hard-money cur-
rency to the country, and that currency is the safe
and steady protector of all labor. Manufactures
now have the advantage of this currency, worth
more to them alone than any tariff that ever was in-
vented in extravagant paper-money times. Joined
to incidental protection from revenue duties, and to
other advantages resulting from position, from
cheapness of provisions, light taxes, abundance of
raw materials, free institutions, and above all, from
future STABILITY, and it is impossible for them
to do otherwise than well. I wish them to do well.
I shall endeavor to make them do well: but cannot
consent to sacrifice other great interests to their ex-
clusive and inordinate prosperity.
Mr. President, I have thus far spoken for the
whole Union. I must now say a word for the
Great West—that vast region so fertile and so pa-
triotic, and which now appears with twenty
senators and near one hundred representatives on
the floor of Congress. This great region is agri-
cultural. It wants foreign trade. Its exports are
tobacco, flour, grain, beef, pork, bacon, and other
pioductions of the farm. We have seen how great-
ly the trade in all these articles flourished under the
low duty system, and how sadly it has declined
and sunk away under the system of high duties. If
the good of the Union required this Great West to
submit still longer to this decline of its trade, I un-
dertake to say that patriotism and love of the Union
would induce it to submit: but when the only ob-
ject is to give undue advantage to a particular inte-
rest—to enrich inordinately one overgrown interest,
at the expense of all others, and at the expense of
the harmony of the Union besides—when this is
the case, patriotism and reason forbid the sacrifice,
and require a return to that system which favors
its own interests, without being injurious to any
other, and under which the whole American people,
so far as the tariff was concerned, was a family of
brothers.
Besides the articles just mentioned, the Great
West has others, now becoming considerable—too
large for home consumption—and greatly requiring
the outlet of a foreign market. Hemp, the product
of many western States, is one of these articles: it is
already beginning to go to Europe. It has been
shipped from New York and New Orleans, and
sold in Liverpool at a saving price. Lead is another
of these articles. It is the product of two large
States, and of two Territories, which are soon to be-
come large States, and is inexhaustible in quantity.
In the times of reckless banking and inflated paper
currency, a tariff of protection was demanded for the
home consumption of this article—as if any tariff
could protect individual or national labor from the
depredations of a paper money currency! Since
gold and silver have become the currency of the
miners, these same people export lead to Europe and
to China; and the novel export is increasing with a
rapidity unknown in the history of any article. In
1839, the quantity exported was 81,377 pounds: in
1840, it was 882,620: in 1841, it was 2,177,000
pounds: in 1842, it was 14,552,357: and, in the first
three quarters of 1843, which is as late as the accounts
have been made up, it was no less than 15,000,000
of pounds. This is an immense item to be added
