CONGRESSIONAL GtOjp.
m
the support of the government. Do not raise the ques-
tion of protection which I had hoped had been put to
rest. There is no necessity fur protection"—from the
Ohio Statesman, a paper published at Columbus,
Ohio, and whose editor (Col. Medary) he believed
to Le an honorable man.
He knew the resolution contained, if not the pre-
rise language, at least the sentiments oft repeated
by Mr. Clay; and the same article in the "States-
man," from which he made the quotation, contained
extracts from the letter of Mr. Clay to Branham
and Bledsoe, of Eatonville, Georgia, dated July 28,
1843; his letter to Mr. Merriwether, of Georgia,
dated October 0, 3843; also, his letter to F. S. Bion-
son^ of Georgia, dated October 13, 1843; and sev-
eral other letters, which he knew to be genuine; in
all of which he took* strong ground in favor of%w
duties, and of adhering to the principles of the com-
promise act. He was frank to admit that he had
not been able to find the exact language used in the
quotation in any printed speech of Mr. Clay; yet
he was .--till inclined to believe that it was genuine,
and that such n speech had been made. He had
svntten to the editor, and hoped, in due season, to
obtain vnch information as would enable him to
find it.
In a speech which Mr. Clay made in March,
1842, he uses the following language:
"i of me nut be misunderstood, and let me entreat that 1
may not be misrepresents}*'. I am not advocating the re-
newal of a hitch protective policy. I am for abiding by the
principles of ihe compromise act; T am for doing what no
southern man of a fan or caudid mind has ever yet denied—
k'iving to the country a ro\ enue which may provide for the
economical want1? of the government, and, at the same
time, give a a incidental protection to our home industry.''
Mr. B. said he was further prepared, by evi-
dence, to prove that Mr. Clay, at this time, enter-
tained such .sentiments; and with the indulgence of
the House, he would read some extracts from Mr.
Clay's recent letters and speeches, the authenticity
of which no gentleman would doubt.
[Here Mi*. S. commenced reading an extract
from a speech recently made by Mr. Clay at Co-
lumbus, Georgia,-but Mr. White of Kentucky
objected, and said he must confine the gentleman
from Indiana to the record.]
Mr. B. said, very well. If the gentleman object-
ed, he would not persist m reading; but would 'give
the gentleman and the House notice, that he would,
upon some proper occasion during the present ses-
sion of Congress, give his views in full upon this
question, when he would be able clearly toshosv,
thai, to the South, Mr. Clay always declared him-
self m favor of the compromise act and low duties,
whatever his opinions may have been m other quar-
ters. He would therefore not further trespass upon
the patience of the House, but thank them for the
kindness extended to him by the House, to enable
him to make this explanation.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House resolve it-
self mto a Committee of the'Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of proceeding with the
public business. We have (said he) had enough of
this business.
Mr. WHITE said he appealed to the magnanimi-
ty of the gentleman from Ohio to allow him to make
An explanation. The House had indulged the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Browx] to make an ex-
planation, and he had reiterated his assertions of
yesterday.
Mr. Il'ATHBUN inquired if there was any ques-
tion before the House.
The JSPEA KER asked if the gentleman from Ohio
withdrew his motion.
Mr. WELLER said that theie was not a gentle-
man on that side of the House to whom he would
sooner extend an act of courtesy than the. gentleman
from Kentucky; but his anxiety to progress with
the, busmen of the House forbade him to withdraw
uis motion. If the matter personally concerned the
<<r-mkman, or affected his honor, he would not hesi-
„ate to withdraw the motion.
Mr. WHITE said that it was a matter personal
lo himself, ail'ecting his honor as a gentleman; and he
hoped the House would indulge him in making an
explanation* *
jMr. WELLER then withdrew his motion.
The SPEAKER said that if no objections were
made, the gentleman could make his desired expla-
nation.
Mr. HUNT of New York moved that the rules
be suspended to allow the gentleman from Kentucky
to proceed with his explanation.
Mr. HARALSON said they had better suspend
debate fpr the purpose of going to business.
After some conversation, the - question was taken
on Mr. Hunt's motion, and carried.
Mr. WHITE, after thanking the House for the
courtesy extended to him, stated that, in the appeal
he made to the House, he felt that his honor as a
gentleman, and character as a man, was involved;
and that it was due to himself to prove the truth of
the assertion he made on yesterday—that Mr. Clay
never used the language imputed to him in the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana. It
would be recollected by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Brown,] that the moment he offered his
amendment, he (Mr. W.) went to him, and stated
that Mr. Clay never used the language there impu-
ted to him. He averred, without reservation, that
Mr. Clay, from the day he first entered Congress to
the last, never used any such language, and that the
report from'whirh the gentleman had taken it was
a forgery. In saving this, he did not mean to im-
pute, in the remotest degree, any thing dishonorable
to the gentleman from Indiana. He was satisfied
that the gentleman behoved the report to be genuine,
or he never would have used it. He himself saw
the! same thing, word for word, and letter for letter,
in one of the western papers. No doubt the gen-
tleman from Indiana was deceived and led into error
through his confidence in a newspaper agreeing with
him in political sentiments. But he assured the
gentleman from Indiana and the House that, from
his knowledge of the man, he entertained the solemn
conviction that Mr. Clay never could have used any
such language, for it would have been inconsistent
with his character and with his whole political life;
and he had, therefore, no hesitation in pronouncing
the paper a forgery. Now, he would call the at-
tention of the House to the speeches of Mr. Clay
in 1841.
Mr. POTTER of Ohio rose to a question of or-
der. The rules had been suspenned to allow the
gentleman from Kentucky to make an explanation
personal to himself; but he was now going on to
make an explanation personal to Mr. Clay. He un-
derstood, also, that the gentleman, so far as he had
nrnde an explanation personal to himself, referred to
a private conversation between himself and the gen-
tleman from Indiana, which did not, as he con-
ceived, concern the House. Now, whether the sus-
pension of the rules, to allow the gentleman to make
a personal explanation, authorized him to go into
private conversations with the members, and into
the political course of Mr. Clay, he left it to the
Chair to decide.
Mr. WHITE said that he had pronounced the
paper to be a forgery, and pledged himself to prove
it was so; and he should stand condemned before
the House and the country if he did not, to the sat-
isfaction of every honorable mind 
Mr. PRESTON KING desired to understand
from the gentleman from Kentucky whether Mr.
Clay was opposed to the principles of the compro-
mise act.
Mr. WHITE said not at all; he would explain
to the gentleman Mr. Clay's sentiments on that sub-
ject.
The SPEAKER gave his decision on the question
ofgrder raised by Mr. Potter. The gentleman
from Kentucky was allowed to make an explana-
tion personal to himself; but he could not think it
was proper for him to go into Mr. Clay's speeches.
Mr. STEENROD hoped the gentleman from
Kentucky would allow him to ask him a question.
When he stated that he had examined Mr. Clay's
speeches, and found nothing in them lik? the language
of the resolution of the gentleman from Indiana, did
he mean to say that Mr. Clay had never expressed
himself in favor of maintaining the principles of the
compromise act.
Mr. WHITE said that he did not. The gentle-
man would see the dilemma he was in. The gen-
tleman from Indiana, notwithstanding his averment,
had repeated that he still believed that Mr. Clay
used the language imputed to him; and his object wa«?
to show, from Mr. Clay's speeches about tliut time,
that his language was of a different character. This
he was proceeding to do, when he was interrupted.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN hoped the gentleman
would allow him to make, one suggestion. The
gentleman did come to him yesterday, and did tell
him that the language of his resolution was not used
by Mr. Clay; but he had the authority of a paper of
high standing, and if was not to be presumed that
the gentleman from Kentucky could know all that
Mr. Clay had said, and all that he had not said.
In his explanation, therefore, he could not have in-
tended to impute anything dishonorable to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, or to convey the idga that
he had said anything that he did not, honestly be-
lieve. _ -
Mr. WHITE replied that he so understood the
gentleman from Indiana; but though he made the
averment that Mr. Clay had never used any such
language, yet it was not satisfactory to the gentle-
man who contends that Mr. Clay has used language
similar to it. So it was with the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Steenrod,] and other gentlemen round
him; and he therefore hoped the House would in-
dulge him in making a full explanation, He waa
not for going into all Mr. Clay's speeches. He
would confine himself to the naked issue before the
House, and would call their attention only to what
Mr. Clay said in 1841. Here Mr. W. read an ex-
tract from one of Mr. Clay's speeches in 1841, in
which he said "it was the duty of all nations to pro-
tect their manufactures to such an extent as was ne-
cessary to keep them in a flourishing condition."
This remark (Mr. W. said) was made on the very
day that this forged extract purports to have been
delivered. Mr. W. made some further extracts
from Mr. Clay's speeches, when
Mr. HEN£EY rose to a point of order.
Mr. WHITE hoped the gentleman from Indiana,
after doubting the averment he made yesterday,
would allow him to go on and show the truth of it.
Mr. HENLEY said that the gentleman from
Kentucky had now read three or four extracts from
Mr. Clay's speeches, when he obtained the floor by
the courtesy of the House, for the purpose of ma-
king a personal explanation. His colleague had
read but a single extract from the speech of Mr.
Clay; and, in order to avoid abusing the courtesy of
the House, had closed his remarks, proposing, at
another time, to establish the correctness of his po-
sition. The gentleman from Kentucky had had a
similar favor extended to him, and was now pro-
ceeding to make a speech in defence of Mr. Clay's
character and honor, in violation of the courtesy ex-
tended to him by the House, under the pretence that
he was defending his own honor. If the gentleman
was allowed to read extracts as a personal matter,
he hoped the same indulgence would be extended to
him; for he it was who had expressed doubts of the
correctness of the gentleman's information, and the
matter was equally personal to him.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Kentucky had stated that his veracity was called in
question, and desired leave to make an explanation,
which had been granted him by the House. It was
to be presumed, therefore, that he ought to be al-
lowed to bring forward such circumstances as would
go to show the correctness of his statement.
Mr. HENLEY said, very well. He should ex-
pect the same indulgence from the House.
Mr. WHITE said he would be the last man to
attempt to closc this debate. When the truth was
at issue, he hoped there was not a member on that
floor so destitute of courtesy as to refuse the privi-
lege of an explanation.
When he said to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Henlf.y,] yesterday, that the language im-
puted to Mr. Clay was a forgery, and that he could
not establish its truth, the gentleman said that he
could; and they were, therefore, at issue. The gen-
tleman had been, no doubt, since then, searching,
with a keen eye, for proof, but had found nothing
to bear him out.
Mr. HENLEY said that he had; and that he
could show that the amendment offered by hi* col-
league contained the sentiments of Mr. Clay as ex-
pressed by him, though not, perhaps, in the exact
language he used.
Mr. WHITE said that the gentleman might have
found something like it in different sentences,
but he could never get it in a single paragraph.
Mr. HENLY said that he had no doubt that Mr.
Clay had expressed the sentiment contained in the
resolution of his colleague, and at a proper time he
would show that he did say the same thing in sub-
stance, though he might not, have used the precise
words that were given in the resolution. Mr. Clay
had expressed similar sentiments in his speech on
the compromise act; and, from that time to this, on
various occasions.
Mr. CALDWELL hoped his colleague would
allow him to ask him a question, tie wished to
inquire of him, whether Mr. Clay did not, in a letter
to a gentleman in the South, use the language con-
tained in the paper which he held in his hand. Mr.
C. handed up the paper to be read by the Clerk.
Mr, WHITE said that he could not answer th$
