442
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman's question: his explanation was not al-
lowed him for any such purpose.
Several gentlemen called for the reading of the
paper.
The Clerk commenced reading, when he was in-
terrupted by Mr. W., who said he could not give
way to the gentleman.
Several gentlemen called for the reading of the
paper.
The SPEAKER said -that the gentleman from
Kentucky had yielded the floor to allow his col-
league, [Mr. Caldwell,] to put a question to him,
and the House therefore had a right to know what
that question was.
The Clerk then read the extract as follows:
"There is no necessity of protection for protection's
sake. The compromise must be adhered to."
Mr. WHITE said he was thankful to his col-
league [Mr. Caldwell] for calling his attention to
that matter; but if the gentleman had waited until
he had read the next quotation, to which he was
about to call the attention of the House, that gentle-
man would have seen an answer to his question
anticipated. He then continued his quotations from
Mr. Clay's speeches, delivered in the. Senate of the
United States at the extra session of 1841, that Mr.
Clay's views and opinions might be distinctly under-
stood. He solemnly averred that Mr. Clay's lan-
guage on all occasions had repudiated the doctrines
and sentiments which the pretended extract set
forth—an extract which he declared to be a forgery.
He then quoted Mr. Clay's Hanover speech,
which, he said, corroborated the assertion that the
extract brought before the House was a forgery.
Mr. BIDLACK asked a question which was not
distinctly heard.
Mr. THOMPSON hoped the gentleman from
Kentucky wouid be allowed to go on.
Mr. wELLER said he was compelled to call the
gentleman from Kentucky to order. He had given
his assent to the motion permitting the gentleman
from Kentucky to make an explanation on the un-
derstanding that the explanation was personal, and
on a subject affccting that gentleman's honor, which
he was desirous to vindicate; but he would now ap-
peal to the gentleman from Kentucky whether he
did not himself think he was going beyond tlie
bounds of order.
[ ,Mr. WHITE explained, and was understood to
soy he was proceeding to purge himself of an accu-
sation of falsehood, and that his honor was involved
m tins matter.
Mr.WELLER said if he understood the averment,
the gentleman from Kentucky was alluding to pri-
vate conversations which were not before either the
House or the country.
Mr. WHITE hoped he should be indulged for a
few minutes. He then went on and read an extract
from a speech made by Mr. Clay, as was understood,
in 1842, on the subject of protection and the com-
promise act, and was proceeding to comment there-
on, when
Mr. UALE called him to order. He said the
gentleman from Kentucky, instead of giving them a
personal explanation, was going into a dissertation
on Mr. Clay's speeches; this was not in order, and
he theiefoie called upon the Chair for a decision.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
gentleman from Kentucky was not in order.
Mr. HALE then called for an enforcement of the
rule which lequired the gentleman from Kentucky
to take his seat unless permitted to proceed in order
by the decision of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL said the rules were suspended
to allow the gentleman from Kentucky to make an
explanation Jo relieve his character; and in doing so,
it seemed to him that the House left it to the gentle-
man from Kentucky to decide upon the course he
should pursue, for he was the proper judge of what
was necessary to the vindication of "his character;
and for the House to decide, otherwise was to throw
an imputation on the gentleman from Kentucky.
He, however, would now move that the gentleman
from Kentucky bp permitted to proceed in order.
Mr. HUNT called for the yeas and nays, and be-
ing ordered, they resulted thus—yeas 91, nays 58.
So the gentleman from Kentucky was allowed to
proceed m order.
Mr. WHITE observed that if he had been al-
lowed to proceed without interruption, he would
have finished by this time; and he now signified his
intention to close with \eiy tew additional remarks
in his own vindication. Without trespassing on
the patience of the House, he would merely call
their attention to a very short extract from a speech
of Mr. Clay, applicable to this very subject. [Mr.
W. read an extract from Mr. Clay's farewell speech
in the Senate, where he declared himself favorable
to incidental protection arising from a tariff for
revenue.] Mr. W. declared his belief that the
language attributed to Mr. Clay in the amendment
moved by. the gentleman from Indiana was never
used by him, but had been falsely imputed to him
by some letter-writer in the newspaper from which
the gentleman had extracted it.
Mr. W. was proceeding to comment upon the
opinions of Mr. Clay, when
Mr. RATHBUN rose, and inquired of the Chair
whether the gentleman was in order.
The SPEAKER observed that the course of re-
mark pursued by the gentleman was very far be-
yond what, in the opinion of the Chair, the gentle-
man was authorized to indulge in.
Mr. WHITE said he did not propose to go any
further; and, but for the interruption of the gentle-
man from New York, he would, by this time, have
concluded.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported the following; which were
signed by the Speaker:^
A bill for the relief of George Davenport.
An act to amend an act entitled an act to establish
branch mints of the United States.
On motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
But the House resumed, for a moment, to allow
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, to announce the
presence of his colleague, the Hon.    Dar-
ragh, (member elect in the place of the Hon. Wm.
Wilkins,) who, after having- taken the usual oath to
support the constitution, took his seat.
The committee then (Mr. Cave Johnson in the
chair) took up for consideration bill No. 59, which
repeals so much of the act approved August, 1842,
as required the second regiment of dragoons to be
converted into a rifle regiment.
Mr. McKAY moved to postpone the considera-
tion of this bill, and to take up the army appropria-
tion bill.
Upon this motion, the votes were taken by tellers,
and stood thus—29 m the affirmative, and 53 in the
negative.
No quorum voting,
Mr. ADAMS suggested that the committee rise
and report, this fact, with a view to having a call of
the House.
Mr. McKAY, however, withdrew his motion;
and the consideration of the bill was proceeded with;
the pending question being the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ad-
ams,] to strike out the whole bill, and insert the fol-
lowing, viz. "from and after the first day of July
next, the second regiment of dragoons shall be dis-
banded."
Mr. ADAMS remarked that his object was merely
to test the principle—to ascertain whether the
House were disposed to remount or to disband this
regiment.
Mr. CROSS said he could not excuse himself to
his constituents, if he were not to trespass for a^ few
moments on the attention of the committee upon so
important a question to* them as that of keeping up a
force in their neighborhood to protect them against
the incursions of the Indians. He contended that a
force was absolutely necessary to be kept up upon
the western frontiers; and as a mounted force was
much more efficient than infantry, and could be
more expeditiously transferred from one post to
another, such force was to be preferred. There
were upwards of 60,000 Indians along that frontier,
and a military force of only 500 men. This govern-
ment was not only under an obligation to protect
our citizens, but they were under treaty stipulations
to preserve peace among the various Indian tribes.
The trade of that quarter was rapidly increasing;
and it was necessary that protection should be af-
forded to it.
Mr. JAMESON said he would state, for the in-
formation of the House, that there were 2,200 miles
of frontier where there was no natural barrier be-
tween the whites and the Indians, and that to £uard
this frontier there were but 2,247 officers and soldiers
of the United States army. It would be recollected
that it had been the policy of this government, for
many years back, to remove the Indians from the
several States west of the Mississippi on this fron-
tier, and there were at this time, as estimated by
General Scott, not less than 50,000 warriors within
striking distance of the settlements. This fact, the
general said, was a strong reason why infantry would
not be so efficient as cavalry on that frontier.
It was also stated by General Scott that there were
but two skeleton regiments of infantry to keep these
50,000 warriors in check. The importance of cav-
airy on that frontier had also been urged by General
Jesup and several other officers of the army. Ta-
king into consideration the fact that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways andMeans had not reported
a single appropriation for fortifications on this whole
line of frontier, and taking into consideration the
number of warlike Indians on our borders, it did
seem to him that the House would see the necessity
of making the change contemplated by the bill before
them. It was not* pretended that two regiments
would be sufficient to keep this number of wailike In-
dians in check, but they would be useful in restrain-
ing any sudden movements, and by watching their
movements, afford time to collect a sufficient force
to repel them when necessary. Here Mr. J. gave
a description of the line of frontier, and its defence-
less position. He then went on to say, that instead
of these Indians being civilized, as some gentlemen
stated, on probably two hundred miles of this
frontier the Indians were as wild and as uncivilized
as those beyond the Rocky mountains. He then
spoke of the Indian mode of warfare; their sud-
den attacks and predatory inroads, and the impos-
sibility of overtaking and chastising them, with in-
fantry only. In one instance that he knew of, a
predatory band crossed the frontiei, and committed
several murders, and being well mounted, escaped,
without its ever being known what tribe it was.
Mr. J., in conclusion, referred to the pledges
made by the government when these Indians were
located on the frontiers, that the States endangered
by their location should be protected from their ag-
gressions, and called on the House to redeem that
pledge.
Mr. HALE made some observations in opposi-
tion to the bill, and took occasion to speak of the
expenditures of the military establishment, which
he thought ought to be reduced.
After a few words of explanation from Mr.
HARALSON,
Mr. HALE continued his remarks on the total
inutility of many of our troops, and declared his un-
willingness to pay a major general and other officers
such large sums, merely for sitting at ease in their
parlors to superintend men to guard our forts,
and save from plunder our cannon and other imple-
ments of war. He concluded by moving tha{ the
further consideration of the bill be postponed.
Mr. THOMASSON defended the bill; and con-
tended that the remounting of this regiment was ne-
cessary to the protection of the western frontier.
Mr. H. DODGE warmly contended for the pro-
tection of the frontier, and caused several letters to
be read by the Clerk, in which the dangers to winch
the residents on the frontier were exposed were set
foith. The remounting of this regiment he deemed
but justice to the western people, on whose borders
the government had placed so many warlike Indian
tribes. He enumerated the western forts and the
amount of troops employed in their defence, and
showed the inefficiency of the force there employed.
Mr. ADAMS said when he made this proposi-
tion, it was with no disposition to aim a blow at
this particular regiment. He wanted to test the
question of reduction or increase. He thought their
was at <ill events a necessity for reducing the infantry;
for, from all the arguments which he had heard
advanced, it appeared that they weie almost utterly
useless. Pie would therefore be perfectly satisfied
that the further consideration of this subject should
be postponed until the army appropriation bill had
been acted upon, until the House comes to a deci-
sion as to what shall be the amount of army appro-
priation.
Mr. ADAMS then withd rew the amendment;
and on motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the committee
rose and reported the bill.
Upon ordering the bill to a third reading,
Mr. A. V.BROWN moved the previous ques-
tion, v\ Inch was seconded, and the main question
ordered to be now put, viz: "Shall the bill pass;"
Upon this motion, the yeas and nays were demanded,
and ordered; and being taken, resulted as follows:
yeas 94, nays 5fi.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee on Engraving",
made the following report:
The Committee on Engraving, to whom was re-
ferred the diagrams to accompany document No.
94 on weights, measures, and balances, report—
