444
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
their time to the discharge of the duties of their
office. It could not then be a question whether the
salary should be more or less for an increase or di-
minution of duties. They take the office under an
obligation to devote their whole service to the govern-
ment; therefore, no such change of business—that
is, of establishing new places for holding courts—
should be held as a justification for an increase of
compensation. If the judge was satisfied that he
did not receive sufficient pay for his services, he
could resign, and there would be no difficulty in fill-
ing his place at the same salary.
Mr. FOSTER said he would yield cheerfully to a
portion of the remarks of the senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Tappan,] but he could not acquiesce in the
suggestion, that if the judge resigned, there would
beno difficulty in getting a successor. He (Mr. F.)
had no doubt, if the salary of the district judge in
Tennessee was reduced to $1,000, or even $500, that
some person could be procured to take the vacant
place. The question involved was not whether
they could, -for a certain sum, get a man, but
whether for such sum they could get a judge. He
had had experience enough to know that the low-
est priced labor was not always the cheapest. It
was not a fair argument, and one which ought
to prevail, that the office could be filled for a less
sum. The tendency of such a rule would be to
degrade the office of judge; and would bring it into
disrepute. He had always been, as he now was, in
favor of giving such a salary as would engage the
services of honorable, intelligent, wise, and compe-
tent men.
Mr. F. spoke at some length, showing the great
increase of duties in that, judicial district. He said
that it was foity years ago when Congress passed
the law allowing'only one district in the whole of
Tennessee. The salary was fixed at $1,500. At
that time a good house could be rented in Nashville,
(the place fixed for the meeting of the court) for
4150 per annum. Every thing was cheap in pro-
portion. The price of butter, and beef, and eggs,
and everything else ordinarily exposed at market,
was remarkably low', in comparison with present
prices. At this time the judge could not get a
house in Nashville, one of the places for the.
holding of the court, for less than from $.3f>0
to $400 per annum. Servant's hire had also
increased from about §70 to #100 per annum.
Thus was an increase shown in those two items
about equal to the proposed increase of the salary.
He had no doubt that a salary of $1,500 twenty
years was better pay to the judge than $3,000 would
be now. At that time there were but two courts
held annually—the one at Nashville, and the other
at Knoxville; but now there were two courts held
in those places, and one at Jackson, which caused
the judge to travel twice between the former two
places instead of once, and also to Jackson. Thus
was the amount of labor trebled, and the cost for
travel increased two fold. He knew very well, as
remarked by the senator, that they could get the
services of other men for less money than was now
pud the judge. Plenty of men could be had, he
had no doubCnot only in Ohio, but in Tennessee,
to take the office for less money. J t was quite prob-
able the services of a man might be secured for half,
or less than half, the present salary; that m this, as
in many other pursuits, a man might be procured
for a very small sum of money, with the privilege
of making good his wauls and necessities by steal-
ing; but the count) y requues the services of virtu-
ous, able, and qualified judges, and these cannot be
commanded without just and adequate compensa-
tion.
Mr. ALLEN desired to know from the senator
what was the duration of the terms of the courts at
Nashville.
Mr. FOSTER remarked that lie did not know.
When he used to attend that court, he had known
it to continue m session three months. He did not
think that it was now more than two, m all the ses-
sions there.
Mr. ALLEN observed that, there was a standing
Committee upon Retrenchment. That committee,
commenced its operations at the opening of last
Congress, he believed; and had been hard at work
ever since; but that they had effected anything
whatever, he had yet to learn. Instead of having
that reduction m the public expenditure which the
country had a right to expect, and which was re-
commended by this laborious Committee on Re-
trenchment, we were now asked, at, a time when
there was a great want of public money, to increase
the salaries of judges some $500 a year over and
above what they ever had been. This we were
asked to do at a time when most of the States, he
believed, were seriously engaged in the work of re-
trenchment. Most assuredly his honorable col-
league and himself had some liberty to speak upon
this subject, inasmuch as the legislature of their
State had already retrenched, and that doubly, the
salaries of the. judges of that State. The State of
Ohio, at this day embracing a population of about
1,800,000, had, by its judicial arrangements, what
were called a system of circuit courts of common
pleas, and supreme courts. These judicial courts
usually embraced from three to seven or eight
counties each, and the judge (who was required to
be a lawyer) was required to hold court three times
a year in one of the counties of each circuit.
He was required to devote his entire time to the
business of these courts, or at least in most cases.
There was not a lawyer of any ability in the State,
who performed duties equally arduous, that did not
make twice as much as these judges. These circuit
judges were formerly had for a salary of $1,000 a
"year; but the legislature had, at its recent session,
reduced their salary from §1,000 to $750 a year.
They were required to hold court in every county
in the State; but in consequence of the constitution
of the State, limiting the number of judges^ to four,
and finding it impossible to hold court in every
county, they were compelled to wink at the consti-
tution, and divide one court into two. For all their
constant and laborious duties, the judges of the
State of Ohio received, under the present law, but
^750 a year each, with an increase of business in
every circuit. But how was it here? The honora-
ble senator from Tennessee [Mr. Foster] told us
that formerly, when he was at the bar, the term of
the courts in that State were protracted three
months; and then the judges got §,1,500 a year.
Now that the term of the courts was much shorter,
it was proposed to add §500 to the salaries.
[Mr. FOSTER here said that the gentleman mis-
understood the purport of his remarks. He had
stated that the "terms were shorter, but they were
multiplied.]
In regard to the kind of men that it was expected
would be drawn into the public service by salaries,
what did the, honorable senator mean to say? From
the judge of the Supreme Court of the. United
States, to that of the courts of common pleas, there
was not a single case, where the salary of the judge
was equal to the income of an able lawyer prac-
tising at the bar; nor could it be equal. The gen-
tleman who discharged the duties of counsel,
in the Supreme Court of the United States, made
double as much as the salary of the chief justice
amounted to. The ablest lawyer in the State of
Tennessee made four times as much as the circuit
judges, or the supreme judges of the State; so that
if the design was to tempt the ablest counsel in any
State of the Union to quit their practice, and perform
the duties ofjudges, there would not be one who would
do it. There was something of honor in being con-
nected with the administration of public justice;
there was something of dignity in holding that ele-
vated situation. These were powerful motives with
high-minded men, connected with the fact that an
honorable subsistence could be derived in an hon-
orable way, and the influence which they had in ben-
efiting and elevating the families of those holding
such offices.
]f, therefore, it was undertaken to measure the
compensation of judges by the income of the ablest
lawyers that practised, it was obvious that it would
have to be quadrupled. In regard to the emolu-
ments of otliee, men, by having their passion for
money pandered to, became but more strongly de-
voted to the object of that passion. But this gov-
ernment ought not to encourage that feeling any
farther than it could help. If it did, it would have
men seeking public offices, or the emoluments of
office, with the design of gratifying their passion
for money, instead of seeking them with pure and
high motives of honor.
Besides, the public treasury was not now in a
condition to increase salaries. There was already
laid upon the table of the Senate, or, rather, referred
to that laborious Committee on Retrenchment, a
series of bills to cut down the salaries of officers of
this government, from the President of the United
States to the officials of every department; and here
was a proposition to retrograde and retrench back-
wards, in regard to the salaries of the judicial offi-
cers of the federal government.
The judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States were included in the bills of th? senator frqra
North Carolina. It was proposed in them to cut
down their salaries, in common with the salaries of
all others.
But he (Mr. A>) understood that the district judge,
for whose benefit the bill was reported, got §1,500 a
year. That was just as much pay as members of
Congress got. Taking the distance travelled by
each member, the number of members, and adding
to it the average mileage and per diem, it amounted
to about $1,500 a year. Here were gentlemen from
distant parts of the country, who lived, during the
session of Congress, at great expense, at the capital,
and supported their families, (either here or at
home,) receiving the very same salary that this dis-
trict judge got, in performing the functions of his
office^ which did not require his absence from home
one month throughout the whole year. He repeat-
ed it, that, the members of Congress had to support
themselves in this expensive capital, three months
in one, year, and from five to eight months in the
next; and, in some instances, support their families,
(after having brought them here at a very great ex-
pense,) all for #1,500 a year. Yet there was no dif-
ficulty in finding the ablest and most talented men
in the country who were walling to turn their backs
upon a lucrative profession, and take a seat in the
House of Representatives, or the Senate; no diffi-
culty in obtaining the ablest lawyers in the United
States to take a seat at the bench of the Supreme
Court. The great difficulty which always occurred,
when a vacancy took place, was not whom you
should prevail upon to take a seat, but what man of
the crowd it should be given to.
We were not in a situation now to add one-fourth
to the salaries of these district judges. A few years
ago there was a bill before the Senate to increase the
salaries of five or six of these same district judges;
and his honorable colleague and himself opposed it,
It was amended by a motion to include an increase
of the salary of the district judge of the Slate of
Ohio, and it was expected that the locality of that
amendment would silence the opposition of his hon-
orable colleague and himself. The expectation was
disappointed; and always would be whilst his hon-
orable colleague and himself continued to occupy
their seats this floor. It was no locality that would
ever induce either one of them to take part in so con-
temptible an attack upon the public treasury, to
gratify either local pride or individual cupidity.
They were opposed to it when the district judge of
their own State was concerned; tliey were opposed
to the proposition now before the Senate, upon the
same principle. They opposed this bill upon the
same ground that they opposed the other: from no
hostility to the individual who was the object of the
bill, or to the interests of the State within which
that individual had his jurisdiction; but upon the
ground that the proposition was unsupported either
by principle or the condition of the treasury—on the
contrary, that principle and the exigency of the
treasury required that they should oppose it.
Mr. JARNAGIN felt himself called upon to dis-
sent from the remarks of the senator front Ohio.
He (Mr. J.) admitted that the judges were influ-
enced by honor and patriotism in accepting such
stations; but they should, nevertheless, be paid a
fair compensation for the service rendered. All he
had to say with reference to the lowness of the sal-
ary of the judges in Ohio was, that, in Ohio, there
must be a great deal of honor and dignity; for
the judges there receive no salary, comparatively
speaking. If the people in that State were willing
to accept the office of judge, and be satisfied with
the honor and dignity of the station, he would not
force the money upon them. But such was not the
case in Tennessee. Those judges should, if they
render the public a service, and devote their time to
it, receive a fair compensation for such service. If
all the judges in Ohio were bachelors, the salary
they received might be enough; but if they should
happen to be married men, it was not: but to give
such salaries to married men with families in Ten-
nessee, would be, in effect, to place them on the
charity of the parish. Mr. J. then showed that, the
judges in several other of the States received much
better pay than was proposed to be given to the
judge in Tennessee. It was true that this judge
went into office knowing that the salary attached to
it was but §1,500; but Congress had, since thai
time, added much more to the duties of the office,
and should pay for it. The judge had more duties
to perform, by the increase of the terms of the
court; more travelling expenses to defray, in the
performance of those duties; and should receive a
fair compensation therefor.
