April, 1844.
APPENDIX *TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
what we eat, drink, and wear, in the form of an in-
creased price upon those articles. It approximates
a per capita or poll tax—the most odious of all taxes.
Real estate, money loaned at interest, bank stocks,
and every species of property, except slave properly,
pay no tax, under this system of revenue. Tnis is
unjust. Governments were instituted, among other
things, to "protect property." Property should,
therefore, justly bear its due proportion of the bur-
dens of government; and, when it does not, it is the
best possible evidence that interested motive has
swayed the legislation of the country, and demands
the vigilant attention of lhat class of the American
people upon whose heads the tax is imposed for the
protection of property.
I am aware that this objection reaches the entire
system of raising revenue; and I may be supposed
to advocate a system of direct taxation for the sup-
port of government. Not so. The people have
adopted the impost system of collecting taxes. I
am not disposed to alter it. But it was a tremen-
dous concession by the many to the few—by labor
to capital; and the concession must not be abused.
So long as the taxing power of the government is
used for revenue purposes only, by the imposition of
duties bearing equally upon the rich and poor, we are
satisfied; but when it is used to pamper wealth, and
oppress poverty—to foster monopoly, and plunder
the people,—we will complain; and, in process of
time, we will shake the system itself to its founda-
tion, if the iniquity is not corrected.
Upon all of these questions the people -will be
called upon to act, in November next; and they will
be confirmed or rejected by the election or defeat of
Mr. Clay.
But, sir, we are told, in one breath, that "high
duties make low prices;" and in the next breath,
that "duties are necessary to protect our manufac-
tures against the ruin of foreign competition." Sir,
both these positions cannot be true; and, in my
opinion, both are false. That high duties make low
prices, is impossible.
Take any given article manufactured in foreign
countries: its production must cost a specific sttm,
which embraces fair compensation for labor and
interest upon capital used in producing the article;
including commissions for forwarding, and freight
from the place of manufacture to the market in
which the article is offered for sale.
Now, sir, if the manufacturer cannot sell his arti-
cle for its intrinsic value, he will cease to bring
it to your market; and if the manufactured ar-
ticle will not bring its intrinsic value in the rest of the
world, its production must stop; otherwise the pro-
ducer would ruin himself.
Sir, I maintain that, under a perfect system of
free trade, the competition of the world would never
allow the article to rise much above its intrinsic
value, unless the supply was insufficient for the de-
mand. Nor would it sink below its intrinsic value,
unless the supply exceded the demand. In either
event, the evil would soon cure itself—by on increased
supply upon the one side or diminished production
upon the other. Hence we may, with absolute cer-
tainty, conclude that no article can long remain
much above or below its value, unless the skill and
enterprise of the world is checked by an artificial
system of monopoly, as injurious in the end to the
enterprise of a nation as it is immediately unjust and
ruinous to the consumer.
If this be true, and the government add a tax or
duty of 25 per cent, upon the imported article, it
cannot reduce the cost of production, and must there-
fore become an element of cost to the consumer. If
the article be one of taste or luxury, its consumption
may be dispensed with, and thereby it may be ex-
cluded from the market by the duty, and cease to
be an article of commerce; but if it be an article of
necessity, and cannot be dispensed with, then it must
be consumed at an increased cost of 25 per cent.—the
precise amount of duty imposed by government.
This fact, we have already seen, is admitted by Mr.
Clay. Now, sir, under this view of the case, I can
readily perceive the benefits of the duty imposed by
government upon impoits to the manufacturer of
similar articles manufactured in the United States.
It would elevate the point of competition between
the domestic and foreign article 25 per cent. To
illustrate: if the production of a bale of foreign cloth
cost '-,65, and its transportation into the United States
cost 810, the price of the article in o.ur market would
be $75; and if there was no duty imposed by gov-
ernment, competition between the foreign and do-
mestic article would commence at that figure; but if
the government lay a duty on the foreign article of
$25, competition -would begin at $100 instead of
§75; and thus the manufacturer of the domestic article
would be enabled to sell his cloth at an increased
price of $25.
Sir, if the modern dogma of the advocates of the
protective policy be true—viz: that high duties make
low prices—then the imposition, by the government,
of a duty of $26 upon a bale of cloth, instead of ele-
vating the point of. competition between the foreign
and domestic cloth to $100, must reduce it below $75;
otherwise, the price could not be reduced by the
duty. Suppose this was really the effect of the duty:
how then, I ask, would the imposition of that duty
protect the domestic manufacturers against the ruin
of foreign competition? I leave the solution of this
question to the advocates of-this absurdity.
I have said that the second proposition—viz: that
"duties are necessary to 'protect our manufactures
against the ruin of foreign competition"—is untrue
also. Is the cost of producing a given article of man-
ufacture greater in America than in Europe? If so,
for what reason? We are told labor is cheaper there
than here. I admit this to be true. But upon the
other hand, provisions, fuel, and the raw materials
u>sed in manufactures, are all cheaper here than in
Europe. Indeed, for a supply of cotton—the most
important material of European manufacture—she
is dependent, almost exclusively, upon us; and at
an increased price for the raw material of, at least,
10 per cent., paid in commissions for forwarding and
freight across the Atlantic.
Machinery, in both countries, is about equal.
The energy, skill, and enterprise, of the Yankee, is
surpassed by none on earth.
Now, sir, these advantages in our favor are im-
portant, and compensate, in a great degree, our
manufacturers, for the cheapness of labor in Europe.
But there is another item of charge, reaching'mevery ar-
ticle qf foreign imports, which, in my opinion, would
more than compensate for the difference in labor be-
tween this and foreign countries. It is the amount
paid in freight and commissions for forwarding goods
from Europe to America, amounting to not less than
10 per cent, upon the entire cost of foreign imports.
Here, then, sir, is protection, afforded without
the aid of legislation, to the American manufacturer,
amounting to 10 per cent, upon his entire products.
I hold tkat this would more than compensate for
the difference of labor in the two countries. But if
it will not, we must also have revenue for the sup-
port of government.
Those best acquainted with the subject believe
that 20 per cent, duty would raise more reveuue
than any rate above that point; add this revenue du-
ty to the amount paid for freighted commissions,
for forwarding goods from Europe to America, and
it will afford protection to our home manufacturers
of 30 per cent, upon their products. Now, sir,
what amount of their products do the manufactures
pay for manual labor? "Will any one assert thai it
amounts to one-fourth'' No, sir; no one will risk
his veracity upon this point. If it does not, then it
is clear that the manufacturer, undei a duty of 20
percentis paid for his labor; and given 5 per cent,
in addition, with the other advantages already al-
luded to. Then I ask, cannot the American manufac-
turer, with free labor—that is, labor which cost him
nothing—compete successfully with foreign manu-
facturers who pay something for their labor? If
they can do so, then the second proposition is un-
true also. If they cannot, then the whole system of
manufacturing ought to be abandoned, as above the
ingenuity, skill, and economy of our people. Why,
then, are duties for protection demanded by the man-
ufacturers' When was it that cupidity and avarice
were satisfied? If you were to concentrate the wealth
of Christendom into the coffers of the miser, he
would still desire more; not for the means of ra-
tional enjoyment or happiness which it affords him,
but to hoard and worship it as the god of his idola-
try. So it is with the manufacturer. Who is now
most clamorous for protection, writing letters eu-
logizing the tariff of 1842? It is a manufacturer
supposed to be worth five or ten millions of dollars;
and it was to pamper such nabobs as "he that the
bill of 1842 was passed.
Sir, we are told that the country is prosperous,
happy, under the operation of this bill. If gentle-
men, by the word "country," mean the manufac-
turing States, I admit the truth of the remark; but if
they mean the whole Union, I deny it. At no pe-
riod of our history, except during the war, have the
products of agriculture brought less; and at no pe-
riod ha\e the people been more oppressed, unless it
was whei? the evils of a depreciated currency weie
combined with the evils of legislation to depress
them. Even in 1837 and 1838, when distress and
ruin spread over the land; Agricultural products
brought a better price than now; and Wferfe it riot tot
the strict system of economy which that crisis in-
troduced among our people, even the sound circula-
tion which we now have could not save them from
extreme oppression. How ridiculous it is for reason-
able men to contend that high taxes can lighten the
burdens of the people, or add to the prosperity' of
the country! The recipients of the bounty afforded
by the imposition of the tax may be benefited, I ad-
mit; but those who pay the tax cannot be: and yet
this whig dogma is daily repeated in the face of the
nation.
Mr. Chairman, I now charge that the leading_
measures of whig policy, as developed in the legisla-
tive programme of Mr. Clay at the first session of
the 27th Congress, all tend to exempt capital from
the burdens of government, and throw it upon la*
bor.
We have already seen that, under the systeni of
direct taxation adopted by th'e States, property iS
taxed for the payment of State debts.
We have also seen that, under the indirect system
of collecting revenue for the support of this govern-
ment, capital does not pay one dollar tax. It is paid
upon consumption, and therefore approximates a
poll tax. If, then, you distribute custom-house rev-
enue to pay the debts due by the States, labor is taxed
not only to support this government, but to pay th 
debts of the States also. Sir, We have seen that, by
the distribution bill of the 27th Congress, the whigs
attempted to distribute millions of revenue (paid for
the Territories of Florida and Louisiana) among the
States to pay those debts, for the payment of which
the property of those States is justly bound.
Now, sir, disguise all these schemes as you may,
they are all, when understood, nothing more hot* less
than artfully-contrived legislative devices to exempt
capital from all the burdens of government, and to
tax labor for its support. Will the people tolerate
the system? I hope not. And, in the name of my
constituents, by whose authority I speak upon this
floor, I protest against them. In their name, I de-
mand a revenue tariff only, acting equally upon the
rich and the poor. In their name, I demand thatn®
more revenue should be collected than is sufficient to
support the government, economically administered;
and in their behalf, and in my own name, -I de-
nounce that foreign, alien, British policy, which
seeks to transfer all the burdens, not only of sup-
porting this government, but of paying two hundred
millions of dollars now due by the States, from capital
to labor, as unjust, impolitic, and unwise.
Sir, a few words in reference to myself, and I have
done. No man, at this day of privilege and monop-
oly, can advocate the legitimate rights of the labor-
er, and resist the tricks and schemes of a contempti-
ble upstart aristocracy of incorporated and associ-
ated wealth to exempt themselves from taxation,
without incurring all of the odium of this privileged
class!; nor can he reasonably expect to escape the
unenviable reputation of being a demagogue. Let
it be remembered, however, that I ask no exemption
of the laboring classes from their legitimate burdens
of government.
Whilst I resist all systems of revenue, by which
the wealthy are taxed lighter than the poor, I would
resist with equal firmness any system of raising
revenue, by which the poorer classes of the people
would be exempted from the payment of taxes. Un-
der our beautiful system of government, no dis-
tinction founded upon wealth exists; perfect equality
in all civil and political rights is the chief element of
its strength and in its beauty. It is, therefore, the
duty of Si classes to pay a just proportion into the
national treasury for the support of government.
Equality of taxation between the respective class-
es of society is all that I demand. This is justice
stern inflexible justice: openly, you dare not refuse
it; but secretly and covertly you deprive us of it.
It is by authority of the laboring men of my district
that I am privileged to speak upon this floor. For
this privilege I fell a becoming gratitude; and no
consideration could induce me to be silent when
their rights are endangered. To none but my con-
stituents am I responsible; nor do I desire to be
so. As to the powers of government, so far as they
affect me individually, I despise them. And as to
the offal which may be collected from the sewers
of government patronage, I scorn it. Independent I
am of all these considerations; and in the discharge
of my o.Ticial duty, I bow only to God, and to his
attributes.
