April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiB.
The Tariff—Mr. Weller.
461
H. of Reps.
But, sir, much has been said by gentlemen who
have preceded me about "English influence;" and
we of the democratic party have been denounced as
the "advocates of British pauper labor." The gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Wethered,] who is
himself a manufacturer, and largely interested in re-
taining high duties, because they will enhance tfie
value of his investment, told us that a large amount
of money had been sent here from England to dis-
seminate the doctrines of free trade! 1 undertake to
affirm that 110 evidence of such a charge can be
produced, except the declarations of a corrupt and
profligate press. When was there a question pre-
sented here, having a British and an American side,
that the whigs did not embrace the former? • Where
were the prominent men of that party in the last
contest with Great Britain? Wrho are now attempt-
ing to fasten the English banking and funding sys-
tem on this government? But, sir, we of the dem-
ocratic party are under "English influence!" How
was it a few days .Since, when a resolution was
pending to terminal;1 the joint occupancy of Oregon
territory? Then, sir, we were denounced for our
rashness, and charged with an attempt to involve
the country in a war, to gratify our hostility to Eng-
land! Then, sir, these anti-British, peace-loving,
patriotic whigs, who now prate about "English in-
fluence," told us that we must not pass that resolu-
tion, because it would he "iliseourteoiis" to England!
—ay, sir, " discourteous" to England! If I could for-
get that that government is the same one which
sought to fasten the oppressor's yoke upon the necks
of our fathers, and make them the obsequious
slaves of a foreign tyrant—if 1 could forget the
seven years' war which ensued, and the scenes of
blood and carnage through which our ancestors
passed, in vindicating fiieir inalienable rights, and
achieving their liberties—if T could forget the horrid
butcheries which that government sanctioned, in
their efforts to break down the proud and independ-
ent spirit of our people—if I could forget the
scenes of the last war, in which we were involved
by her arrogant attempt to control the navigation
of the high seas, destroy our commerce and impress
our seamen—if I could forget that, upon many oc-
casions, that government whetted the knife of the
Unsparing and unrelenting savage, and incited him
to deeds of bruta!ity unprecedented in the annals of
civilized warfare—if 1 could strike from my memory
the outrages she has committed upon humanity it-
self, whenever interest or selfish ambition or vanity
prompted—1 might, like Whig gentlemen, dread the
awful calamity of incurring her displeasure. We
were then told (I hope I shall be pardoned for this
digression) that if that resolution passed, war was
inevitable. If, in taking the necessary steps to ex-
tend our jurisdiction over our own soil, and our own
people—if, in guarantying to the frontier settler, the
protection of our laws, and shield him from English
tyranny, involves us in a war, let it come. Yes,
sir, for one, I say, let it come. War, with all its hor-
rors, is far preferable to disgraceful submission. We
have met that government in days past, when our
numbers were few and our resources limited; and
why should we fear it now? We humbled her
pride and checked her arrogance in the last war,
upon the land and s-ea; and why these cowardly
fears now? Shall we be driven from the exercise of
our indisputable rights by the dread of incurring her
displeasure? No, sii: I repeat it, sooner than sur-
render any portion of that territory—sooner than
submit for a longer period to the transportation of
our citizens to foreign courts for trial, let the war-
fires be lit upon the lull-tops and in the valleys. Take
the American flag which now so proudly floats over
this Capitol—the glorious stars and stripes never
dishonored by an inglorious surrender—plant it at
the mouth of Columbia river, and if a foreign foe
came to disturb it, our hardy and intiep'd sons of
the West, the descendants of the Indian fighters of
Harmar, St. C'air, and Wayne, would rush to
its support. Under that flag they would rally
with the holy enthusiasm, the patriotic ardor, the un-
yielding devotion tha* characterized our fathers, when
they shook off the yoice of colonial bondage. To
the gallant and clnyalnc sons of the West, nursed in
tempests, familiar with danger, and inured to hard-
ships, the British lion, rear as loud as he may,
has no terror. In such a contest, America would
be all powerful—England impotent. For
"Thrice is he r.rniC'3
That lij'tii his qu irrel
And he 1 at naked ihougui locked up in steel,
Whose conscience wltn injustice is corrupted."
The influence of the British government over our
institutions is already too great, and the American
people will suffer no extension of its power upon
this continent, whether it be in the West or South.
But, sir, who are the copyists of England? Who
are attempting to engraft the British system upon
our republican institutions? There is no govern-
ment upon the face of the earth where the protect-
ive system has been carried to a greater extent than
in England. To that nation we are indebted for
this special legislation, which enriches the few at
the expense of the many. In England all the landed
property is owned by about 40,000 persons, al-
though there are, perhaps, about five millions en-
gaged in agriculture. To protect the wealthy land-
holders, the titled nobility—for in that country the
lands are owned by the aristocracy—the government
imposes, by her "corn laws," such high and oner-
ous duties on foreign breadstuff's, as to impover-
ish her people. Let any man look at the condition
of the working class in England. A faithful picture
was presented by my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Owen] a few days since; and an attempt to add any--
thing to his description would be
''To gild refined gold,
To paint the lil\, and
Add a perfume to the violet''
The great, body of her laborers ave reduced to the
most absolute penury and want. Thousands year-
ly perish for the want of bread, and yet the lordly
aristocrat is surrounded by all the luxuries and com-
forts of life. She can boast of her magnificent man-
ufactories, but they have been erected upon the
ruins of her working men. AVhilst she is toasting
of her army and navy, her external power and the
strength of her nobility, there me wretchedness, mis-
ery, and starvation, stalking in her midst, unmasked.
Here we are, only fourteen or sixteen days from
England, with a superabundance of all the necessa-
ries of life; and why are our fellow creatures on the
other side of the Atlantic starving for the want of
bread? It is because of the protective policy adopt-
ed by that government; it is because ofthe high du-
ties imposed on breadstuff's, in-order to give protec-
tion to the wealthy landholder; it is because her
policy has been, and still is, to enrich one class at
the expense of the great body of her people. This,
then, sir, is the system which these kind and disin-
terested manufacturers upon this floor desire to have
fastened upon this government. The lordly manu-
facturer here is to occupy the same relation to this
government which the landholder occupies to the
British government. He is to be protected, and
the profits of his labor increased by a tax upon the
productive industry of the mass. 1 trust the Amer-
ican people will rise up in their majesty and shake
off this British system winch modern whigery is seek-
ing to perpetuate in this government. We want a
plain, a simple, a frugal government. We would
have the power of this republic found—not in the
magnificence of its army or navy—not in the number
of its splendid manufactures—but in the prosperity
and happiness of its people. That government is
best administered which gives equal laws to all
classes, and imposes as few restrictions as possible
upon the productive industry of its people.
We have been informed that "a high tatiff will
give us the advantage of England; a low one will
ruin us;" "England buys nothing from us;" her
ports are closed to our productions. These are the
allegations; and let us examine into their truth.
What are the facts?
From 1828 to 1832, inclusive (covering the whole
period of high protective tariff of 1828,) you import-
ed from British dominions, as this document shows,
#180,332,191. You exported to those countries,
$166,009,309, leaving a balance uf £,14,323,082
against vy.' This (maik it) was under the protective
tailff. From 1837 to 1841, (being also five vears,)
we exported to British dominions $320,926,-518, and
imported $263,171,648. So that during these five
years of low duties, the balance in our favor was
#57,754,870.
A^ain: take the "compromise law." The first
four years, (protective part,) we imported from Brit-
ish dominions *,256,941,077, whilst our exports were
$236,0.59,149, leaving a balancc against, us of $20,-
881,928. From 1838 to 1841, inclusive, (penod of
loin duties,) we cxpoited to Brii'sh dominions
$259,809,320, and imported f£2lO,H8J,453. Here
wc have a balance in our favor of $4c',9(27,867. And
yet gentleman tell us England buys nothingfrom ns!
"her ports are shut to our productions'." From
1837 to 1840, inclusive, we exported to Great Britain
and Ireland alone $28,897,356 more than we imported!
An examination of the document before me shows
that in 1841, (with a low tariff,) we exported to
Great Britain and her possessions
more than we imported. Take the succeeding year
1842, (during a,portion of which the duties were
only 20 per cent.,) and how stood the trade? We
exported to England and her possessions $52,306,650,
and imported $38,613,043, being a balance in our
favor of $13,683,607. Still England, say whig
orators, "buys nothing from us!" In 1842 the
whole amount of flour exported to foreign countries
was $7,375,356; and of this amount England and
her dominions took njore than ont:Iw$f-~to wit:
$4,707,00Q. The whole amount of pork, (pickled,,)
bacon, lard, and live hogs exported was $2,629,000;
and of this England and her dominions received
$1,219,997. And yet a low tariff gives England the
advantage of us! What a miserable humbug to be
used before an intelligent audience!
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brod-
head,] who gave us a speech a few days since in
favor of the protective system, seemed to- rely en-
tirely upon tne productions of distinguished men to
sustain his doctrines. Finding that the facts and
figures show the fallacy of his system, instead of
abandoning what cannot be sustained by argument
and fair and manly reasoning, like a lawyer, he falls
back upon his "authorities," and endeavors to bol-
ster it up by an array of great names. This is sure-
ly the weakest way in which a question can be dis-
cussed.
No matter how distinguished a man may be, his
dixit has no influence over my mind, except so for
as it is sustained by reason and argument. If I
chose to asseit that it was right to hold the black
man in bondage, I could sustain the allegation by
the experience and practice of Washington, Jeffer-
son, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, and Clay; for all
of these men have been slave-holders. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will hardly be willing to
take their example in this particular, as settling the
question of right; but I cannot refrain from noticing
one of his authorities. He alluded to the message
of Mr. Jefferson, delivered in 1802. For the opin-
ion of that distinguished patriot, who has ever been
regarded as the leader in his day of the party to
which I belong, I have the highest regard, and the
most profound respect. He was, indeed, the most
sagacious and patriotic statesman this country has
produced. But, sir, in 1802, when our government
■was yet in its infancy, it was utterly impossible for
him to foresee the effect which the protective sys-
tem would have upon the welfare of tne republic. It
required time and experience to show its fruits. Let
us, then, look for the opinions of Mr. Jefferson, af-
ter the light of experience had been shed upon his
path; after he had had an ample opportunity of see-
ing the effects of this system upon the great agricul-
tural interests of this country. I will read from his
writings in the volume before me, for the satisfac-
tion of gentlemen:
"I see, as you do, and with the deepest affliction, the rapid
stndes with which the federal government is advancing:
towards the usurpation of all the rights res-erved to the
States, and the consolidation in itself of all powers, foreign
and domestic; and that, too, by constructions which, if le-
gitimate, leave no limits to their power. Take together the
decisions of the federal court, the doctrines of the President,
and the misconstructions of the constitutional compact
acted on by the legislature of the federal branch, and it is
but too evident that the three ruling brshches of that de-
partment are m combination to strip their colleagues (the
State authorities) of the powers reserved by them, and to
exercise themselves all functions, foreign and domestic.
Under the power to regulate commerce, they assume in*
definitely that plso over agriculture and manufactures, and
call it regulation to take the earnings of one of these
branches ot industry (and that, too, the most depressed)
and put them into the pockets (if the other, the most flour-
ishing of all "
# if % * * *
"But this opens vith a vast accession of strength from
th«ur ) ounger lecruits. who, having nothing in them of the
feehngs or principles of '76, now look to a splendid govern-
ment "of an aristocracy, founded on banking institutions and
moneyed incorporations, under the guise and cloak of their
favored branches of manufactures, commerce, ana naviga-
tion, riding and ruling over the plundered ploughman and
beggared yeomanry. This will be to them a next blessing
to the monarchy of their first aim, and perhaps the surest
stepping stone to it."
This was the strong and emphatic language of the
great apostle of American democracy in December,
182."), a little more, than six months previous to his
death. When next the gentleman quotes Mr. Jef-
ferson to sustain his aristocracy "under the guise
and cloak of his favored branches of manufactures,"
1 commend this cxtract to his attention.
The noise and clamor produced on this subject
by the representatives from manufacturing districts,
led me to an examination of the statistics accompa-
