448
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Judiciary, made a report upon the case of Richard
Snead, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was laid on the table. , -
Mr. S., from the same committee, made a report
upon the case of-the legal representatives of Francis
Cazeau, of Montreal, in Canada, accompanied by a
bill for their relief; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. SAUNDERS, it was ordered
that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged
from the consideration of the resolution of the
House, of the 15th of January last, relative to divi-
ding the State of Arkansas into two judicial districts,
and from the resolutions of the House for limiting
the jurisdiction of the United States courts; and that
said resolutions do lie upon the table.
Mr. D. P. KING, from the Committee of
Claims, made a report upon the case of the heirs
and legal representatives of Captain Presley Thorn-
ton, deceased, accompanied by a bill for their relief:
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr, SEVERANCE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Jacob Kerr: read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DELLETT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made a report upon the petition of the
legal heirs of William A. Baker, deceased, accom-
panied by a bill for their relief: read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CROSS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made a report upon the petition of
the heirs of Samuel Moore, accompanied by a bill
for their relief: read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. CROSS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be discharged from the further consideration
of the claim of Elizabeth Buiriss.
Mr. HUNT of Michigan, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, made an adverse report upon the
memorial of Thomas Talbot and others, and that
the petitioners have leave to withdraw their petition.
Mr. W. HUNT, from the Committee on Indian
Attain*, made an adverse report upon the memorial
of Lawrence Taliaferro; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. BENTON, from the same committee, made
an adverse leport upon the petition of Eliza Bick-
neli, administratrix of John Bicknell, deceased;
which wad laid on the table.
Mr. 8IDLACK, from the Committee on Indian
Allaire, made a report upon the memorial from
Iowa, relative to the Winnebago Indians, and reported
a joint resolution requesting the President of the
United States to cause to be selected a permanent
home for the Winnebago Indians; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, made a
report upon the petition of John A. Bryan, aecom-
ponicd by a bill for Jus relief; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. CARY, by leave,
Ordered, That the Committee of the Whole House
be discharged from the further considemtiou of the
bill to confirm the yule of public lands in certain
casetf, and for other purposes; vvhi'di was lead twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, made a report upon the petition of the
city council and port society of Savannah, Georgia,
relative to Fori Wayne, reported a joint resolution
concerning the cite of old Fort Wayne, atSavannah,
Georgia; winch was read twice and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MURPHY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Mai y Btuiy, which was laid on the table.
On motion of Air. BARRING!.1'!?,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Thomas Gregg; which was hud on the table.
Mr. PEYTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred resolutions of the
legislature of Georgia upon the subject, reported a
bill authorizing the removal of obstructions in the
Savannah river, below the city of Savannah, in
the State of Georgia; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
ihe Whole on the state of the Union, and took
up the bill making appropriations for the support of
the army for the fiscal year commencing the 1st of
July, 1844, and ending the 30th of June, 1845—
The bill having been read through,,
The CHAIR diiected it to be read again by sec-
tions, to allow opportunity of submitting amend-
ments.
The first section being "read,
Mr. McKAY submitted an amendment to insert
in the third line, after the word "appropriated," the
words "in addition ta the unexpended balances of
former appropriations;" which amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF offered an amend-
ment to ctime in at the eleventh line, as follows:
"Provided, That all the supernumerary officers be-
longing to or attached to the army on the 3d of July,
1844, shall be dismissed from the service, and that
no supernumerary officers be appointed or continu-
ed in service after that period."
Mr. B. said that, in the discussion of the Military
Academy bill, it seemed to be admitted on all hands
that the existence of a number of supernumerary
officers in the army was subjecting the country to a
useless expense, and that they ought to be dismissed.
He offered his amendment at this time lest his object
should be defeated altogether, by waiting for ano-
ther bill that might be considered more appropriate.
He knew that they weie expecting a report from the
Committee on Military Affairs, and the Committee
on Retrenchment, accompanied by bills for dimin-
ishing the expense of the army; but, in waiting for
these bills, the opportunity might pass away, and
the session he ended without doing anything in the
matter. According to the estimates submitted to
tlie House by the Committee on Retrenchment, a
saving would be effected, by adopting a provision of
this land, of $81,000 a year. This wav a considera-
ble sum, and worth saving; and it could now be done
by incorporating the provision he had offered in the
bill before them, instead of waiting for another bill,
lie hoped that the House would act on this subject
now that they had the opportunity of doing so—
that they would strike while the iron was hot.
When the next class of graduates was commission-
ed, the number of supernumeraries in the army
would be somewhere about 100.
Mr. McKAY said he understood that the Re-
trenchment Committee had, on Monday morning,
reported a bill containing a provision for discharg-
ing these supernumerary officers, similar to that
now offered by the gentleman from Ohio. Now
he believed theie was a rule of the House prohibit-
ing the offer of any amendment to a bill, containing
the same thing in substance that is provided for in
another bill pending before the House. The bill of
the Retrenchment Committee m ould come up in its
turn, and if there was a majority of the House in
favor of the principle contained in the amendment,
it would pass into a law. He understood from the
gentleman from South Carolina, before him [Mr.
Black,] who made the report from the Retrench-
ment Committee, to which he adverted, that his bill
contained the same provision for dismissing the su-
pernumerary second lieutenants, that was contained
in the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF observed that he drew
up his amendment but a minute ago, without ref-
erence to anv bill, or clause of a bill, before the
House, not Living seen the hill of the gentleman
from South Carolina. His amendment, therefore
could not be identical with the clause in the bill
which the gentlemen from North Carolina [Mr.
McKay] spoke of. He hoped he might be permit-
ted to add one word more. He knew that there
was a disposition m the House to retrench the ex-
pendiuues of the government: but unfortunately,
whenever a movement was made with that object in
view, the objection was always made that it ^was a
wrong tune. Now* he did hope that this attempt at
retrenchment would not be thrown aside on that
plea.
Air. BLACK of South Carolina said he would
state, for the information of the gentleman fiom
Ohio, that he presented a bill from the Committee
on Retrenchment, containing a clause of the same
tenor as his amendment, and that this bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. In one inspect, however, he differed
with the gentleman. His bill, while it provided for
the disbanding of the supernumerary officers in the
army, provided also to allow them three months'
pay on their dismissal. He would have much pre-
ferred that his bill should be considered previously
to the one they were now acting on, Hm bill pro-
posed a saving of $550,000 annually, including the
$81,000 which was to be saved by the present bill.
The CHAIR, referring to the rule quoted by the
gentleman from North Carolina, said that it was
not applicable to -the present case, and that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio was in
order. . ,
Mr. DROMGOOLE appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suggested to the gentle-
man from Ohio to change the phraseology of his
amendment, and thus' avoid the point oi order
raised by the gentleman from North Carolina. He
would propose to him so to frame his amendment as
to provide that no part of the appropriation made m
the bill before them should be applied to the pay-^
ment of any supernumerary officer after the 3d oi
July next. In this way the difficulty would be
avoided. He agieed with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Brinkerhoff.] that if the desired retrench-
ment was to be made, it should be incorporated m
this bill, for there was danger of losing it altogether
by waiting for any other.
The question was put on Mr. Drgmgoole's ap-
peal, and decided in favor of sustaining the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF, for the purpose of
freeing his amendment from any objections that
might be urged on the ground of its injustice to the
officers to be dismissed, said he would modify it in
accordance with the suggestion of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Black,] su as to allow
them three months' additional pay at the time of their
dismissal. Mr. B. then sent up to the table a pro-
vision to that effect; which was read.
Mr. JOSEPH R. lNGERSOfX stated that he
understood from the Chief of the Engineer depart-
ment, that these supernumerary second lieutenants,
so far from being useless, weie actively and useful-
ly employed. He then stated the various duties on
which these officers were employed.
Mr. HOLMES observed, that it did not become no
grave and dignified a body of legislators, intrusted
with regulating the various affans of the nation, to
decide on any question in this hasty manner. With-
out having the necessary information before them,
and without any report from the appropriate stand-
ing committee, they were called upon to alter in a
very material manner one of the old establislied sys-
tems of the countrry.
Now if it were deemed neccssary ultimately to
disband these second lieutenants—a subject which
his friend from South Carolina [Mr. Black] had in-
formed them the Military Committee had consider-
ed, and which would come up when the bill report-
ed on that subject was acted upon—he put it to
gentlemen whether they should now hastily dispose
of such vast and momentous interests; andwhcthei
such a disposition would comport with the gravity
which should mark all their proceedings. He,
denied that these supernumeraiy second lieutenants
were an incubus on the army, as had been alleged;
nor would the disbanding of those officers be pro-
motive of economy; and this he was prepared to
show; for while they were undergoing a course of
instruction, which gave them an acquaintance with
army tactics, which could, ata moment's notice, m
case of emergency, be brought into active sirvice,
they were usefully employedjn^tht various bureaus
Takeaway these officers, and other deiks must be
employed, who had evc-ry thing to earn, both
in bureau service and army tactics; and therefore,
in point of economy, there was nothing to be gained,
but, on the contraiy, much to be lost in effic.ency—
for it was not pretended that they were unemployed
and left to walk the stieets. He could speak with
some confidence on that subject; and he could as-
sure the committee they were all employed, either
m the field or in the bureaus. The system was n
proper one, for it brought the army officers to do the
duty of the citizen, and combined many advanta-
ges which made the nuhua s\ f>ieni so popular: they
preserved the military rank u.nd potentiality, ami
thus accomplished a great object, while they di-
minished none of the efficiency of the bureaus; and
therefore he hoped this amendment would not now
prevail, especially as this subject would again
soon come up on another bill to effect the tame ob-
ject.
Mr. SEYMOUR of New York wa? m favor of
the amendment. He had heard much said on the
subject of retrenchment; he had heard many loud
professions on that subject; and here was a tangible
pomt on which they could put their professions into
practice, if they were really disposed to act. Ho
