March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
$8th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H. of Reps.
we have no concern; and any attempt by us to in-
vestigate them would be a misapplication of our
time, and an abuse of the trust confided to us by
those whom we represent.
Some portion of our time lias already been spent'
in the expression of our opinions upon mere abstract
questions, presented in the shape of resolutions,
which required no action beyond a simple expres-
sion of opinion. Whether the opinions of the mem-
bers of this House are of sufficient consequence to
the country, to justify our sitting here, at the public
expense, to promulge them, would be worthy the
consideration of those gentlemen who have brought
such matters before us. I have supposed that our
duty to our constituents would be best performed by
the completion of such practical legislation as the
interest of the country requiies, and that our opin-
ions upon other matters might, with great propriety,
be reserved, at least, until we may express them
without taxing the country with the cost.
The memorial of the "democratic members" of
the legislature of Rhode Island has, however, been
presented and referred. Some disposition must be
made ofit, and if an unnecessary consumption of
time is the consequence, the responsibility must
rest with those who have brought the matter here.
There are contained in the memorial, and also in the
speeches of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Rathbun,] and of my honorable colleague, [Mr.
Kennedy,] who have addressed the House upon
this subject, principles so extraordinary in their
character, and so alarming and dangerous in
their tendency, that I cannot forbear to avail my-
self of the opportunity to express my dissent from
them.
In monarchical government it is an established
principle that "the King can do no wrong." In
this country we have a class of politicians who ap-
ply this principle to the people. They arey are pro-
fuse in their professions of attachment to the peo-
ple; they descant, with glowing eloquence, .upon
their "natural rights," upon their virtues, power and
intelligence, and upon the right of the majority to
do whatever they may desire, at all times, and un-
der all circumstances. The demagogue, who as-
pires to popular favor, may imagine that his cheap
professions of attachment to popular rights, will
supply the place of merit, and serve as a passport to
promotion; but the experience of all history assures
us, that none are so ready to disregard and tram-
ple upon the rights of the people, as those who
are most profuse in their professions of regard for
them.
I have as much confidence in the virtue and patri-
otism of the people as any gentleman upon this
floor; and I will go as far to protect them in the
enjoyment of all their rights as he who goes
farthest. I do not, however, consider that I should
be entitled to any additional credit for my attach-
ment to popular rights, by making it a theme of
constant declamation. The maxim "vux pepulivox
Dei" is one to which I cannot subscribe. 1
do not believe that the voice of the people is the
voice of God. The attachment of the American
people to their government and its institutions is un-
doubted. Their conduct is prompted by patriotic
motives. They have no other wish in connection
with political matters, than that our government
may be perpetuated, and honestly and fairly ad-
ministered. But the sincerity of any man may be
well called in question, who will contend that what-
ever a majority may do, must, of necessity, be right.
The aggregate of the community, like individuals,
may form erroneous opinions; they may be swayed
by sudden and exciting impulses; they may be in-
fluenced by their passions, or deluded by the arts of
the unprincipled demagogue, to a course temporari-
ly destructive of their own interests, although their
patriotism and natural good sense will ultimately
lead them to correct conclusions.
Our government is based upon the principle that
all political power emanates from the people. Those
who exercise the powers of government are but
their representatives, and are responsible to them
for the manner in which those powers are exercised.
The author of the declaration of independence has
enumerated in that instrument, as the natural and
inalienable rights of the people, "life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these
rights, governments are instituted among men, de-
riving their just powers from the consent of the gov-
erned." The authors of our declaration of inde-
pendence supposed that the government derived its
fust powers from "the consent of the governed,"
btit tne "democratic members" of the legislature of
Rhode Island, who have thrust their crude notions
of "democracy" upon this House, through this
memorial, more sagacious than the founders of the
government, have made the important discovery that
the consent of a "majority" of the governed is alone
sufficient to the organization of any form of govern-
ment.
To appreciate properly the sentiments of the
memorial, it is necessary to look at the history of
the late attempt of Dorr and his followers to subvert
the established government of Rhode Island. Pre-
vious to the revolution, the colony of Rhode Isl-
and was governed under the provisions of a charter
granted by King Charles the II, in 1663. The char-
ter was originally drawn by agents of the colony,
and sent to England to obtain the assent of the
Crown. After that assent was obtained, it was re-
turned, and adopted by a vote of the whole people
of the colony for their government. After the
revolution, and the organization of the federal gov-
ernment, the government of the State of Rhode
Island still continued under the charter, not by the
authority of the Crown, but as the compact and
agreement of the people of the State. As an evi-
dence of the democratic character of that charter, I
will quote the opinion of Mr. Bancroft in his History
of the United States, vol. II, page 64:
"This charter of government, constituting, as it then
seemed, a pure democracy, and establishing a political sys-
eru which few beside the Rhode Inlanders themselves be-
lieved to be practicable, is still in existence, and is the
oldest constitutional charter now valid in the world. It
h;: outlived the princil of Clarendon, and the policy of
(Jnarles the II. The probable population of Kliode Island
at the time of its reception may have been two thousand
five hundred; In one hundred and seventy years, that num-
ber has ineieased forty-fold; and the government which
was hardly thought to contain cheeks enough on the pow-
er of the people, to endure even among shepherds and
farmers, protects a dense population, and the accumulations
of a a\ idely extended commerce. Nowhere in the world
have life, liberty, and property, been safer than in Rhode
Island.''
Mr. Bancroft, the author of the history referred
to, is now a prominent and distinguished member of
the democratic party. Under this government the
rights of the people were protected, and the country
prospered, until some of those reckless demagogues,
who are ever dissatisfied, and ever seeking for a
change, commenced a warfare upon it.
In July, 1841, a self-constituted committee pub-
lished an address calling upon the people to elect
delegates to meet in convention and frame a consti-
tution. Meetings of portions of the people were held
in different parts of the State, and delegates appoint-
ed,-who, in November following, met and framed
what is" denominated the "people's constitution."
The convention made an order that this constitution
should be submitted to the people for their ratifica-
tion in the ensuing month of December. During
three days, votes were received in favor of the con-
stitution in open meetings, and during three days
more, the country was ransacked by persons, who
went from house to house urging the people to send
in their tickets for the constitution. After all these
efforts, about 14,000 votes were received and sent to
the convention which framed the constitution. The
voters ifade a motley crowd of blacks and wlutes,
natives, denizens, and aliens. The names of the
United States troops, temporarily stationed in the
State, were put down as voters for the constitution;
and the names of a large number were also put
down, who were not to be found anywhere in the
State. The convention of delegates, upon these
votes being returned to them, resolved that the con-
stitution had been adopted by a majority of the
people of Rhode Island, and was then the supreme
law of the State.
The sagacity of these "patriots" was about equal
to that of the Mormons, who resolved that the earth
was the Lord's, and the fulness thereof, that the
samts were the rightful inheritors of the earth; that
they were I he saints: therefore the earth and all it
contained belonged to them.
The polls were now opened for the election of offi-
cers under this new constitution. A portion of the
people cast their votes for Thomas W. Dorr, as
governor, and other officers, who were declared duly
elected, and who then attempted to organize the
new government. Then commenced a struggle be-
tween these revolutionists and the regularly consti-
tuted authorities; which, fortunately for the country,
without the effusion of blood, resulted in the com-
plete prostration of the reckless demagogues who
attempted to destroy the government by faction and
violence.
Here, it was to be hoped, that this mad attempt
to substitute anarchy for law and order would end.
All the horrors of a civil war had only been averted
by the firm, but temperate, action of the State au-
thorities. Many of the deluded followers ,of the
desperate leaders in this attempt at insurrection, had
returned to their allegiance—the dark clouds which
had obscured the horizon had passed away—peace
was restored—the law was triumphant. But, sir,
a new attempt is to be made to rekindle and fan into
a flame the expiring embers of faction and anarchy.
The leaders in this attempt have appealed, as "dem-
ocrats," to this "democratic" House of Representa-
tives for its countenance and support. Should a y
action of ours give encouragement to these incendia-
ries of Rhode Island, and induce them to renew
their efforts, a fearful responsibility must rest upon
us. The innocent blood which may be shed must
be justly chargeable to our account.
1 did hope, Mr. Speaker, that the actions and
opinions of the Dorrites of Rhode Island would find
no advocates or apologists in the House. But,
sir, I find this hope is groundless. My honor-
able colleague [Mr. Kennedy] has told us that
he believes Dorr is the lawful Governor of Rhode
Island; while the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Rathbun] says, "they have only exercised the right
which the God of nature gave them."
Sir, these are sentiments which are, in thei r tend-
ency, destructive of all government. If carried out, •
they would destroy this republican government,
which is the pride and boast of every American;
and prostrate in the dust the fair temple of liberty,
which has been cemented by the blood of our pa-
triotic sires. I could not sit silently in my seat and
hear such sentiments avowed in this hall.
My colleague has assumed that the right of suf-
frage is a "natural right; and, because some restric-
tions were imposed upon it by the government of
Rhode Island, a majority of the people had a "nat-
ural right" to assemble in public meetings, and, by
a mere expression of their will, destroy the govern-
ment, and institute such a one as they chose. If
the right of suffrage is a "natural right," let me
ask my colleague by what means he arrives at the
conclusion that nature has conferred this right upon
the white population alone. Are not the blacks en-
dowed with this right, by nature, equally with the
whites? Have they not, equally with the whites, a
"natural right" to resist and subvert the government
under which they live, whenever they may become
dissatisfied with it? The Dorrites of Rhode Island
admit this right on the part of the colored popula-
tion; and, in their attempt to subvert the govern-
ment, numbered among their pretended majority all
the blacks who weie disposed to take part with them.
Apply this doctrine to the States of Georgia, South
Carolina, and other States in this Union, in which
the institution of slavery exists. In some
of those States, the colored population out-
number the whites. Will any man contend
that, in any one of those States in which a
majority of the population consists of blacks, the
black population may assemble, in public meetings,
put down the existing government, and adopt a
new one, more congenial to their feelings? If the
Dorites are correct in their opinions—if the opinions
of those who have defended them here are correct—
it follows, as a necessary consequence, that the gov-
ernment of Georgia, of South Carolina, and of every
other slave State in this Union, is liable, at any
moment, to be subverted whenever a majority of the
people of such State, including blacks, may will its
overthrow.
Again: I would inquire if the right of suffrage,
and the right to overthrow and change governments,
are "natural rights," why should the female sex
be denied their exercise? Has nature and "nature's
God" conferred upon the male sex rights which are
withheld from the fairest portion of his creation? If
they are natural rights, how do gentlemen^ arrive
at the conclusion that they can only be exercised by
males after they attain tiee age of twenty-one years?
Why may they not exercise them at eighteen or
twenty, as well as at twenty-one? Has nature drawn
this line to prescribe the time when this right com-
mences?
If a majority of the people have a "natural right"
at any time to assemble together and overthrow
their government, and alter or amend their constitu-
tion, have they not an equal right to assemble to-
gether and alter or repeal any of the laws of the
State? The legislature which enacts the laws is
but the representative of the people; and if the doc-
trine of Dorr and his followers is correct, a majority
of the people within the limits of any State may,
