464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
—-t—— v % - -
Rhode Island "Memorial*—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H. of Beps.
by resolutions at public meetings, repeal or change
any existing law. The law declares that the killing
' of any human being, with malice prepense, shall be
murder, and punishable with death. Have the ma-
jority of the people a right to assemble together and
resolve that murder shall be no crime? May they,
•whether natives or aliens, black or white, by public
meetings, repeal or alter the laws regulating wills,
descent, distribution, &c.? Have, they a "natural
right" to repeal all laws imposing penalties upon the
vicious, and turn them loose to prgy upon society?
May they, by resolutions at public meetings, change
the organization of our courts, define their powers
and duties, and prescribe the times and places of
their meetings? If the opinions advocated by those
who justify the Dorr rebellion are correct, the ma-
jority of the people may certainly do these things.
But again: If a majority of the people have a
"natural right" to change their government, in their
primary assemblies, to what portion of the people
can this right be denied? If a majority of the peo-
ple of Rhode Island enjoy this right, does it not
equally belong to the people of any particular coun-
ty? Suppose a majority of the people residing in
the western part of Ohio and the eastern part of In-
diana, occupying contiguous territory, should meet
together in popular assemblies, and establish a new
government, embracing parts of Ohio and Indiana:
would my colleague suppose that they were merely
exercising a right which the "God of nature" gave
them? Can governments be thus made and unmade
by majorities within any given limits? Have a ma-
jority of the people of the United States a "natural
right" to determine, by resolutions at public meet-
ings, that the State governments shall all be abolish-
ed, and one consolidated government framed in
their stead? The geographical lines which divide
States and counties cannot be interposed to pre-
vent the people from the exercise of those "natu-
ral rights" which the "God of nature" has given
them. Suppose the people within these ten miles
square, which compose the District of Columbia,
should meet together and resolve that they would
no longer be governed by Congress; but that, in the
exercise of their "natural rights," they would form
a new government: they would be but carrying
out the Dorrism of Rhode Island. They are now
deprived of that right which may colleague calls a
"natural right." They have no voice in the selec-
tion of those who govern them. We may exercise
our power of legislation over them in the most op-
pressive manner, and yet we are not responsible to
them. But, according So these new notions of "de-
mocracy," they have an easy remedy- A majority
of them have only to agree to a new form of govern-
ment, and the constitutional power of Congress to
control them is at an end.
The people of the District of Columbia certainly
enjoy the samenatural rights as the people of Rhode
Island. Those "natural rights" which belong to us
as individuals, and which it is the duty of every
government to protect, can be confined to no terri-
torial limits, can be circumscribed by no geograph-
ical boundaries. If a majority of the people of
any State may change the government in the man-
ner attempted by the Dorrites, a majority of the peo-
people of the District of Columbia may certainly do
the same thing. If it is a "natural right" belonging
to the people of a State, it belongs equally to the
people of a county, of a township, of a village.
The artificial lines which separate States and
counties cannot interfere with the enjoyment of those
"natural rights," and cannot limit their exercise by
the people. Establish the principles of Dorr and his
infatuated followers as correct, and the ligaments
which bind us together become as feeble as ropes of
sand. Every State in the Union may be subdivided
into a hundred independent governments. The
changes of government will be as frequent as_those
of the moon. It is in short but a substitution of
anarchy for government—of lawless violence and
faction, for law and order.
Who are the people? Have a few factious and
discontented demagogues a light to meet together
and resolve that they are the people, and that the
rest of the community shall yield obedience to their
commands? Have they a ns;iit to determine (as
was done by the Dorrites of Rhode Inland) not only
the form of government which shall be adopted, but
also the question whether they constitute a major-
ity of the people? Have even a majority a "natural
right" to govern the minority of the people without
their consent? There is no despotism so galling and
#0 oppressive, so utterly destructive of all rights,
both natural and political, as the lawless despotism
of faction.
Mr. Madison, who, I believe, has always been
admitted to be a genuine democrat, entertained the
opinion, that even a majority of the people might
constitute a faction. In the 10th No. of the Fed-
eralist he says: "by a faction, I understand a num-
ber of citizens, whether amounting to a majority or
minority of the whole, who are united and actuated
by some common impulse of passion or of interest,
adverse to the rights of other citizens, or the perma-
nent and aggregate interest of the community."
I ask you, Mr. Speaker, if principles, so wild, so
jacobinical, so utterly destructive of all government,
as those which are advocated by the Rhode Island
insurrectionists, are encouraged, where will you find
limits for their operation The history of the
French revolution furnishes us an instructive exam-
ple of their fruits when practically acted upon. The
same principles were advocated by Robespierre, by
Danton, and by Marat, while their savage butcher-
ies were deluging the country in blood. They
claimed to be the guardians of the people's rights,
and to act by the authority of the people, while the
people were themselves, by thousands,falling victims
to their ferocity. The expressions of public assem-
blies of lawless desperadoes, were declared to be
the people. Every ruffian who had courage to per-
petrate an outrage, to gratify either a spirit of ven-
geance, or an appetite for plunder, committed his
atrocities in the name of the people. The sewers of
the city of Paris, and all her dens of infamy and pol-
lution, poured out their crowds, who went in masses
to the legislative assembly, and, in the name of the
people, demanded the enactment of such laws as
thep desired. The "reign of terror" continued, un-
til the laad reeked with carnage and slaughter; and
the people hailed with joy the iron rule of a military
despotism, under which they found a refuge from
the enormities which had been practised in their
own name.
Sir, I deny emphatically that any portion of the
people have a"natural right" to govern any other por-
tion against their consent. Constitutional and legal
governments can only derive "their just powers
from the consent of the governed." The "natural
rio-hts" which wc possess are individual rights, be-
longing to each member of the community. In the
organization of a government, theassent of the whole
community is given to such form of government
as the majority may agree upon; and when such
government is formed, it can only be altered by
the majority, in the constitutional and legal man-
ner provided for in the frame of government.
Any attempt on the part of any portion of the peo-
ple, whether they constitute a majority or a minority,
to overturn the established government, and impose
a new one upon the community, by any other than
the legal and constitutional means provided by the
existing government, is but an attempt at revolu-
tion; and can only be justified in extreme cases, as
the only means of relief from gross and unjust op-
pression, when all other means have failed.
As expressed by Washington; "The basis of our
political system is the right of the people to make
and alter their constitutions of government; but the
constitution which at any time exists, till changed
by an explicit and authentic act of the whole peo-
ple, is sacredly obligatory upon all."
I recognise and admit, in its fullest sense, the
riarht and authority of a majority of the people of
the United States, or of any one of the States, to
control the enactment of laws, and to change and
modify their constitution or form of government,
whenever they may desire to do so, in a legal and
constitutional manner. The constitution of the
United States points out the means by which it may
be amended. The constitutions of the several States
contain similar provisions. These government de-
rive their just powers fiom the consent of the whole
people. The previsions which regulate the mode of
amendment are of equal validity with any other
provision; and it follows as a necessary consequence,
that even a majority of the people have not, the
right to amend in any other manner than the one
pointed out in the constitution.
It was certainly supposed, when our constitution
was framed, that the provision for its amendment
would be binding upon the people; else why take
the trouble to insert it. It remained for modern
"democrats" to make the impoitant discovery, that
the constitution is but an abstract declaration, which
may at any time be disregarded or swept away V,y a
mere expression of the will of a majority of the peo-
ple, in their popular assemblies.
I would suggest, Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman
from New Ilamsphire, [Mr. Bcrke,] who has
chosen to present himself befpre the House as god-
father to the precious bantling of the democratic
members of the legislature of Rhode Island, that if
his object is to democratize the State governments,
it would better for him to commence lus operations
at home. The gentleman will find in the constitu-
tion of his own State, an ample field for the display
of his genius, and abundant cause to elicit his be-
nevolent efforts. Notwithstanding New Hamp.
shire has manifested such a devotion to the princi-
ples of modern democracy as to entitle her to the ap-
pelation of the "Gibraltar democracy," she has a
constitution containing, as I believe, more odious,
aristocratic, and ' anti-republican features, than any
State in the Union. In the bill of rights with which
her constitution is prefaced, the right of conscience
is asserted as follows: "Every individual has a nat-
ural and unalienable right to worship God accord-
ing to the dictates of his own conscience and reason."
We also find the following declaration in regard to
the right of suffrage anu the right to hold office:
"All elections ought to be free, and every inhabitant
of the State having the proper qualifications, has
equal right to elect and be elected into office." Now
I would ask the gentleman what are the "proper
qualifications" for holding office, according to the
principles of New Hampshire democracy.
The 14th section of the constitution of that State
reads as follows:
"Every member ofthc House of Representatives shall be
cliosen by ballot', anil for two years at least, next preced-
ing his election, shall liave been an inhabitant of this State,
shall have on estate within the district which he may be
choscn to represent, of the value of one hundred pounds,
one-half uf w Inch to be a freehold/'
It contains a further provision that the representa-
tive shall be of the Protestant religion.
The 29th section of the constitution contains the
following provision:
"Provided, nevertheless, that no person shall be capable
of bemt? elected a senator who is not of the Protestant re-
ligion, and seized of a freehold estate, in Ills own right, of
tlte value of two hundred pounds, lying within this State "
In the 42d section of the constitution is this pro-
vision:
"And no person shall be eligibleto this office, (governor,)
unless, at the time of his election, he shall have been an in-
habitant of this State for seven years next preceding, and
unless he shall be of the age of thirty years; and unless he
shall, at the same time, have an estate of the value of five >
hundred pounds, one-half of which shall consist of a free-
hold, in his own right, within this State; and unless he shall
be of the. Protestant religion."
What then, I would ask, are considered the
"proper qualifications" for office in the "democracy"
State of New Hampshire? It seems, from their con-
stitution, that one of the most important qualifica-
tions is wealth. According to their "democratic"
the poor should be excluded from office, and the
rich alone should be allowed to enjoy its benefits.
Not satisfied, either, with this odious property qual-
ification, notwithstanding the flourish in their bill of
rights, about the liberty of conscience, when carry-
ing out their democratic notions in their constitu-
tion, they exclude from office those who are not of
the Protestant religion. This kind of "democracy"
may suit the people of New Hampshire, but I
assure you, sir, it would not suit the people whom I
represent. It is a kind democracy which we do not
desire. It does appear to me, Mr. Speaker, that the
gentleman from New Hampshire had better blot this
stain from the constitution of his own State, before
he attempts to interfere with the institutions of other
States.
It has become a frequent practice, in discussions
upon different subjects in this House, to refer to the
opinions and actions of prominent political men in
relation to such subjects. I shall, upon tins occasion,
refer to the opinions and votes of Alartin Van Buren
upon the right of suffrage, about which so much
has been stud during tins debate. He is the
chosen champion of democracy, undrr whose
banner the faithful are shout to rally m the
political contest now a'oout commencing; and n
may not be amiss to examine hi? claims to the title
of a "democrat."
In 1821 a convention wns held in the State of
New Yoik, for the p irposi of amending the consti-
tution of that State. Maum Yan Keren was a mem-
ber of that convention, and participated, throughout,
in its deliberations. The question as to how far the
ri^ht of suilVaic '-hool/1 l,e e\tended, was one which
occupied tow'H a.'tcnii-in, and elicited considerable
debate. A portion of the convention desired that
the right of suffrage should be extended tc every
