450
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the number of officers was still kept up. The. gen-
tleman from New York spoke of the staff of the
army. Now, where was there any vacancy in the
staff? It was all full, though there was a host of su-
pernumerary officers, who, as the gentleman from
New Hampshire observed, could not be classed un-
der any other head.
We are (said Mr. B.) told that this is not the prop-
er time; and we are asked to wait till a more ap-
propriate bill comes up; and yet the gentlamen who
make this request give us no information. The re-
port of the Military Committee, it was said, was
ready to be brought in; and surely the gentlemen
who were preparing it had collected some facts as to
the employment of the officers. He was afraid of
the cry he heard in some parts of the House, of
"premature action;" and it seemed to him, _from
what he had already witnessed, that the proper
time for retrenchment never was to come. It might
1 be that the report of the Military Committee, and
that of the Committee on Retrenchment, would not
receive the sanction of the House, or, if agreed to
here, they might not receive the sanction of the Son-
ate.
Now, then, was the proper time. They had a
bill before them in which this desirable retrenchment
could be incorporated, and they should not lose the
opportunity thus afforded them. The saving was
an important one, and ought to be made; for there
were many useful and necessary objects to which
it could be applied greatly to the advantage of the
country. The commcrce of the West (said Mr. B.)
is suffering for the want of a small appropriation;
and when we ask for it, we are significantly asked
the question, "Where is the money to come from?"
Now (he continued) that we have pointed out
where the money is to come from, by lopping off a
wasteful and unnecessary expenditure, we are told
that it is "premature," and that we are acting with-
out the necessary information, and striking at the
old established systems of the country. Mr. B. con-
cluded by expressing the hope that the bill would
not be postponed, hut that the amendment would be
adopted, and the saving effected, now that it was in
the power of the House to do it.
Mr, STEWART hoped that the postponement
would not be made; and that the House would at
once dispose of this and the other appropriation
bills, so as to be able to adjourn at an early day.
He thought this a proper time to make the reduc-
tion proposed in the expenditures of the army, and
hoped the amendment would be adopted. He had
listened in vain for any satisfactory reasons for re-
taining these supernumerary officers in service, and
thought they ought to be disbanded, and the money
applied to useful and necessary objects of internal
improvement. He thought it would be to the ad-
vantage of these young men to dismiss them, and
let them get employments in the civil pursuits of
life, rather than waste their time in idleness at the
public expense. By dismissing them, they might
become valuable and respectable members of society;
while on the other hand, by keeping them in the
public service in idleness, they were in danger of
'•ontractiug vicious habits.
Mr. SCHENCK had not the difficulty that other
gentlemen had of finding out how these supernu-
merary offims were employed. He did not sup-
pose, because they were termed supernumeraries,
lhat they were therefoie useless. He understood
from the gentleman from New York, [Mr Fish,]
that he had a statement from the adjutant geneuil
showing that they were all actively employed with'
then-regiments doing the duty of those officers who
were employed in the staff, and in the bureaus of
the War Department. He was opposed to the
amendment, and should vote against it. Even if
the employments of these young men were trifling,
still it was better, in his opinion, to keep them in
rei-vice, so that they might beat hand in case a
war should breakout. Taking the illustration of
hi-* colleague [Mr. Brinkerhoff] he would not,
because it waft necessary to keep sailors out of mis-
chief, set them ashore witli three months1 provisions
but he would set them to picking oakum, and then
he would have their services when the storm came,
or wlien the battle was raging.
-1- BRIPs K.ERHOFF would ask his colleague
if the country had not a right to the services of all
■ ti citizens, and, if a war calne, if these officers
' not^be called on as well as if they v. ere m the
/Vhy, the argument used for keeping up
'' l" ' Pomt was, that the number of cadets who
v,"u." lease it without being commissioned would J|
have the effect of diffusing military knowledge
through the country.
Messrs. PATTERSON, FICKLIN,and THOMP-
SON, continued the discussion.
The question on the proposed postponement was
then negatived.
Mr. THOMPSON said he desired to move so to
reduce the appropriation as to deduct the $80,000
which was estimated for these supernumeraries.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to decide that
it was not then in order.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL suggested an amend-
ment of the motion made to discharge the supernu-
meraries, by the introduction of the word "useless"
before the word "supernumeraries."
Mr. HALE suggested that it should read "super-
numeraries, being useless." [Laughter.]
Mr. ADAMS inquired if a further amendment
would not be necessary, so that it might be deter-
mined who was to decide whether the supernumera-
ries were useless or not.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and was negatived.
Mr. COLES rose to address the committee, but
gave way, as the hour was late, for a motion that
the committee rise.
The committee rose, and reported that they had
come to no conclusion; and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of the inhabitants of Potosi
and Selma, Missouri, in relation to the improvement of the
western rivers: refened to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
By ]\Jr. CLINCH: The petition of Robert Lan^ and
others, citi7ens of Georgia, praying for an alteration of the
pilot laws, so as to exempt coasting vessels from paying
pilot license: referred to the Committee on Commerce
By Mr. HOGE: The petition and accompanying docu-
ments ofGeoige Swig art, praying compensation for looses
during the last war- referred to the Committee oi Claim?.
The petition of James M Wright, I). H&well, and 101
others, citizens of the Stale ol Illinois, praying Congress to
make ori appropriation for the removal of the obstructions
to the navigation ol Rock river, in said State of Illinois: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce The petition of
Alfred Loomis, James M Campbell and 45 Others, citizens
of McDonou^h county, in the State ol Illinois, praying Con-
gress to make appropriations for the immediate improve-
ment ol the Missouri and Upper Mississippi rivers: re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Lrnion.
By Mr. BOWER: The petition of S. J. Harrison, and 36
others, citizens of the city of Hannibal, m the State of Mis-
souri, praying an appropriation for the improvement of the
western waters. The petition of James C. Fox and 33
others, citizens of Monroe county, Missouri, praying for
appropiiations for the improvement of the western waters:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of. Simeon Guilford and
numerous others, citizens of Lebanon county, Pennsylva-
nia, against any interference with the tarift'of lfi42.
By Mr. R1TTER: A memorial from citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to maintain the present tariff', until
experience shall have demonstrated that a chancre would be
for the better.
By Mr. FlCKLIN: The memorial of John J. Brown and
75 others, eiti7ens of Edgar county, Illinois, asking a giant
of land for the completion of the national thoroughfare be-
tween the lakes and the Ohio, by the improvement of the
Wabash.
By Mr JOHN W. DAVIS: The memorial of David D.
Lemon and 8-2 others, citizens of Sullivan county, Indiana,
asking a grant of land to complete the national' thorough-
fare between the lakes and the Ohio, by the irnpro'veinent'of
the Wabash. The memorial of James Roberts and 70 oth-
eis. citizens of Clark county, Illinois, asking an appropria-
tion for the continuance of the ( umberland road.
By Mr BIDLArK: Throe memorials from citi7ens of
Luzerne and Columbia counties, in Pennsylvania, against
any change in the present tanfl laws. Also one of similar
tenor lrom cui/cns of Huntingdon countv, Perm.
By Mr ROGERS: The petition of William D Augment,
priying some adequate compensation for services rendered
the country.
By Mr. DEAN: The petition of Jacob Hilderhrand and
30 other citizens of Wa\ ne county, Ohio, praying Congress
to extend the pro\isions of the ordinance of 1781,'^regulating
the noithwust territory, over the, Teriitoiy of Oregon: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Teriitoiios °
Py Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The petition of B C. Stanton
and 20 other citizens 0f Madison county, Illinois, pravmg
Congress to reduce the rates of lotter-po^ta^e to such extent
that the poor, as w ell as the rich, may enjoy the priviWe
of correspondence, that letter-postage may "be charged by
w< ight, thai the franking privilege may be restr.cted withm
le.isonable bounds; and that books issued in the furm of
newspaper*, and sent by mail, may be charged with suffi-
cient postage to pay the expense of their transportation; re-
ferred to the Committee on the Tost Ortice and Post Roads.
The petition of sundry citizens of Madison county Illinois'
praying Congress to make a general reduction ofthesala-
nes, fees and per diem allowances of the officers of the
srenornl government, and especially of the mepbors of
Congress: referred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
1 he memorial ot Erastus Wheeler and 51 other citizens of
Madison county, Illinois, praying Congress to make ade-
quate appropriations for the improvement of the Mississippi
river and its tributaries, and the protection of the harbor at
St. Louis. The memorialists set forth the evils under which
the whole Weet are now suffering, for the want of proper
attention on the part of the federal government to its present
and urgent wants: referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 28, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the* President of the United
States, transmitting from the Secretary of the
Treasury a communication, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of the 22d of December,
calling for a statement of the expenditures of the
government, each year, from its organization to the
present period, and for what purposes the expendi-
tures were made. The Secretary replies that the in-
formation called for cannot be furnished.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from a
number of citizens ofTompkins county, New York,
remonstrating against the annexation of Texas to
the United States: referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a memorial from
citizens of Columbia county, New York, remon-
strating against any change in the present tariff: re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STURGEON presented the proceedings of a
meeting of the citizens of Danville, and its vicinity,
m Pennsylvania, in opposition to any change in the
tariff affecting injuriously the agricultural and com-
mercial interests of the United States; and depreca-
ting any reduction of the duties on iron, coal, and
wool; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also presented a letter from Charles Elliott, sr.,
of Philadelphia, civil engineer, showing the injuri-
ous effect the admission of railroad iron free of duty
will have upon the iron interests in tins country: re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the papers in the
case of Joseph Paxton.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented three memorials
from citizens of the State of Michigan, praying the
construction of a canal around the falls of St. Mary's
river: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Also, presented a memorial from citizens of Ged-
des, nine from citizens of Amsterdam, one from
Montgomery county, and one from Cayuga county,
New York, remonstrating against any alteration in
the present tariff: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Asa Andrews;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with the resolution of the Senate rela-
tive to the removal of the Cherokees still remaining
east of the Mississippi river, was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. J., before the reference of the memorial, made
some remarks, alleging that the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs had not complied with the resolution
of the Senate. He hoped the Committee on Indian
Affairs would press the inquiry on the Indian de-
partment, and ascei tain what was actually expended
in making preparations for removing the Indians
without any having been removed at all. He had
failed to get the information desired, although he
had made two calls for it.
Mr. KING made some remarks on the impropri-
ety of the senator from Tennessee censuring the
head of the Indian bureau in advance of the inves-
tigation of the matter by the committee to which
the subject had been referred. It was unusual to do
so. He had a knowledge of Mr. Ciawford, the
head of that bureau, and knew him to be a correct
and honest man. There might be some mistake in
the report made, but lie did not believe that that of-
ficer would designedly do anything improper
Mr. WHITE presented a memorial from Abel
Ellis, and about 200 other citizens of the western
State*, many of them employed in navigating th«
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, praying for a grant of
land in the Vincennes land district, in Indiana, for
the extension of the Wabash and Erie canal from
Terre Haute to Evansville on the Ohio river: re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was
