March, 1844.
appendix to the congressional glofifi.
46£
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H. of Reps.
•White male citizen of the State above the age of
twenty-one years. This was warmly opposed by
Mr. Van Buren, who contended for a restricted suf-
frage. It has been denied by Mr. Van BurenV;
friends that he opposed "universal suffrage" in that
convention;" and I am happy on this occasion to
have it in my power to present authentic evidence of
his course, which will not be denied by his friends
in this House. I will read some extracts from his
speeches, which may be found in a report of the
proceedings and debates of the convention, belong-
ing to the congressional library, and which I have
now before me; and I challenge contradiction fr,om
any gentleman upon this floor, of the correctness of
the extracts which I shall read. On page 134 may
be found the following:
"Mr. N. Sanford, from the committee appointed to consid-
er the right of suffrage, arid the qualifications of persons to
be elected, reported: that the committee having considered
the subjects relerred to them, recommend the following
amendments to the constitution, to wit:
"Every white male citizen of the age of twenty-one years,
who shall have resided in the State six months next prece-
ding any "election, and shall, within one year next prece-
ding the election, have paid any tax assessed upon him, or
shall, within one year preceding the election, have been as-
sessed to work on a public road, and shall have performed
the work assessed upon him, or shall have paid an equiva-
lent, in money, therefor, according to law, or shall, within
one year preceding the election, have been enrolled in the
militia of this State, and shall have served therein according
to law, s>hall be entitled to vote at such election, in the
town or ward in which he shall reside, for governor, lieu-
tenant governor, senators, members of the assembly, and
all other officers who are, or may be, elective )>y the peo-
ple."
Wednesday, September 19.
"Mr, Sandford moved that the convention go into com-
mittee ofthe wholeon his report relative to the rightof suf-
frage, and Mr. N. Williams was called to the chair. See
page 178.
"The question then aiising upon the ]st section, as origi-
nally reported by the committee, Mr. Jay moved that the
word white be stricken out. Page 190.
"The question on striking out the word white, was then
taken by ayes and noes, and decided in the affirmative, as
follows:" Ayes 63, noes 09. Among the ayec is recorded
the name of Mr. Van Buren.. Page 202.
"General Tallmadge moved to strike out 'or on the high-
ways.'" Page 275.
Thursday, September 27.
"General Tallmadge withdrew his motion of yesterday
to strike out the words 'on the highways,' and offered the
following substitute: 'or shalllor six months next and im-
mediately preceding the electionn, have rented a tenement
therein, of the yearly value of five dollars, and shall have
been rated and paid a highway tax, either by labor or com-
mutation.' ''
The following is extracted from the debate on this
motion:
"General Tallmadge explained, at some length, his views
in making the motion he had yesterday submitted, and the
reasons which had induced him to withdraw it, and offer the
amendment which he had just presented to the committee.
He took occasion to say that he was opposed to universal
suffrage.
"General Hoot said, the amendment ofthe gentleman from
Dutchess was providing for the disfranchisement of a numer-
ous class of citizens. The renting of tenements had become
odious to the people, and led to many frauds He enlarged
upon the remarks of the gentleman from Niagara, (Mr. Rus-
sell,) who mentioned two instances m his town where two
revolutionary patriots and soldiers, one of whom fought
with Montgomery under the walls of Quebec, and the other
under Wayne at Stoney Point, would be disfranchised if this
provision was stricken out
"Mr. Van Buren felt himself called on to make a few re-
marks in reply to the gentleman from Delaware. He ob-
served that it was evident, and indeed some gentlemen did
not seem disposed to disguise it, that the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable gentleman from Delaware contem-
plated nothing short of universal suffrage. Mr V B. did
not believe that there were twenty members of that com-
mittee who, were the bare naked question of universal suf-
frage put to them, would vote in its favor, and lie was very
sure that its adoption \vas not expected, and would not meet
the views of their constituents.
"Mr. Van Buren then replied to a statement made yister-
day by his honorable and vcneraMo friend from Erie, (vlr.
Russell,) in relation to the exclusion of soldiers who had
fought at Quebec and Stoney Point, undei the banners of
Montgomery and Wayne And he felt the necessity of doing
thi* because such case-, urged by such gentleman as hkhon-
orable friend, were calculated to make a deep and lasting im-
pression. But, although a regard for them did honor to that
gentleman, yet it wps the duty of the convention to guard
against the admission of tho'e impressions which sympathy,
in individual cases, may excite. It was always dangerous
to legislate upon the impulses of indhidual ca^es, whei e
the law about to be enacted is to have a general operation.
With reference to the case oi our soldiers, the people of this
State, and country had certainly redeemed themselves Jrom
the imputation that republics are ungrateful. "With an honor-
able liberality, they had bestowed the military lands upon
them; and to gladde'n the evening of their days, had provided
them with pensions. Few of thcc patriots were now living,
and, of that few, that number was yearly diminishing In fif-
teen 5 ears the grave will have covered all those who now
survne. \Va? it not then unwise to hay aid a wholesome le-
strictive provision, lest m its operation it might affect these
fe.w individuals for a very short time? He would add no
jnore. His duty would not permit him to say less,"
"One word on the main question before the committee.
We had already reached the verge of universal suffrage.
There is but one step beyond. And are gentlemen prepared
to take that step? We were cheapening this invaluable
right. He was disposed to go as far as any man in the ex-
tention of rational liberty, but he could not consent to under-
value this precious privilege so far as to confer it with an
undiscriminating hand, upon everyone, black or white,
who would be kind enough to condescend to accept it."
Page 277.
Again: Mr. Van Buren, in speaking on this sub-
ject, said:
- "The qualification-? reported by the first committee were
of three kinds, viz: the payment of a money tax, the per-
forming of military duty, and working on the highway.
The two former had met with his decided approbation; to
the latter he wished to add the additional qualification, that
the elector should, if he paid no tax, performed no militia
duty, but offered his vote on the sole ground that he had la-
bored on the highway, also be a householder; and that was
the only point in which he had dissented from the report of
the committee. To effect this object", he supported a motion
made by a gentlemen from Dutchess to strike out the high-
way qualification, with a view of adding householder
"Mr Van Buren said he had, on the motion of the gentle-
man from Columbia, this day hinted at the numerous objec-
tions which he had to the proposition, which the other day
passed the convention, in regard to the right of suffrage—ob-
jections whichhe intended to make, had the committee re-
ported in favor of that vote, and by which, when fully
urged, he knew that he would be able to convince every
member of the committee of the dangerous and alarming
tendency" of that precipitate and unexpected prostration of
all qualifications. At this moment he would 6ay that among
the many evils which would flow from a wholly unrestrict-
ed suflrage, the following would be the most injurious,
viz:
"First. It would give to the city of New York about
twenty-five thousand votes \ while, under the liberal exten-
sion of the right, on the choice of delegates to this conven-
tion, she had but about thirteen or fourteen thousand. That
the character of the increased number of voters would be
such as would render their elections rather a curse than a
blessing: which would drive from the polls all sober-minded
people* and such, he was happy to find, was the united
opinion, or nearly so, of the delegation from that city."
Page 367.
"Mr. Piatt moved to expunge the proviso in the first sec-
tion. which declares that no person, other than a white man,
shall vote, unless he have a freehold estate of the value of
$250." Page 374.
"Mr. Van Buren said he had voted against a total and un-
qualified exclusion, for he would not draw a revenue from
them (the negroes.) and yet deny to them the right of suf-
frage. But this proviso met his approbation They were
exempted from taxation until they had qualified themselves
to vote. Page 376.
"Judge Van Ness moved a substitute for the proviso,
which, after «ome modification, was passed, as follows:
"Provided that no man of color, unless he shall have been
for three years a citizen of this State, and for one year next
preceding any election, been seized and possessed of a
freehold estate ofthe value of f 2 >0, over and above all debts
and incumbrances charged thereon, shall be entitled to vote
in the election of any officer of the government; and pro-
\ ided, farther, that no man of color shall be subject to direct
taxation* unless he shall be seized and possessed of such
real estate as aforesaid."
"The question was then taken on the whole section, in-
cluding the proviso, and carried in the affirmative, as fol-
lows:" Ayes 72, noes 32. The name of Mr. Van Buren is
recorded among the ayes." Page 557.
Mr. Tan Buren, in speaking of the appointment
of justices of the peace, said:
"It was not to be disguised that that part of the report be-
fore the committee, relating to the appointment of justices of
the peace, was by far the most important feature m the re-
port—if that was settled, the remaining part would be got
along with very easily. Some had thought that these ma-
gistrates ought to be elected, but he had at all times been
opposed to their election ,5
"He did not believe it would be benefiting the people to
extinguish one great fire, and enkindle fifty-two smaller
ones. The farther this power could be removed from the
people the better He could not, therefore, consent to the
proposition of the gentleman from Oneida. [Mr. Piatt.]*'
Pages 321 and 322.
From these extracts it appears that the committee
to -whom was referred the subject of suffrage, re-
ported a prowsion extending; the right of suffrage to
every white male citizen, of lac ag? of twenty-one
years, after a residence in the State of six months,
who should have paid a tax, or should have per-
formed work on the highways, or who should have
served in the militia. Mr. Van Buren then voted to
strike from this provision the word "white," the ef-
fect of which was, to extend the right of suffrage
to the colored population, possessing the qualifica-
tions above enumerated, as well as to the white pop-
ulation.
Again: we find Mr. Van Buren advocating the
proposition to strike out the highway qualification
reported by the committee, and insert in lieu of it
the household qualification, and contending that if a
citizen had not paid a tax, or had not performed ser-
vice in the militia, he should not be entitled to vote,
upon the ground that he had labored on the high-
ways, butunless he was a "householder" he should
be driven from the polls. And when told by Gen-
eral Root that this provision would exclude from the
right of voting many of the old soldiers, who had
fought for their country at Quebec- and Stoney
Point, under Montgomery and Wayne, he re-
plied that, true, this provision might deprive
these old soldiers of this inestimable, privilege, hut
still they had np right to complain.. The
eountry had given them bounty lands and granted
them pensions; in fifteen years they would all be in
the grave, and it was unwise to hazerfl a wholesome
restrictive provision, lest in its operation, it. Blight
affect these ojd soldiers. He contended, also, fhat
if the right of suffrage was extended, "the charafi-
ter of the increased number of voters would be such
as would render their elections rather a curse than a
blessing."
We find him, also, zealously contending that ne-
groes, possessed of a freehold estate worth $250,
should be allowed to vote, and which provision was
adopted. Then, according to Mr. Van Buren's
ideas of democracy, the patriotic soldiers of the
revolution, whose valor had been displayed upon
many a hard-fought field, to achieve the liberty
which we now enjoy, but who, in the evening of
their days, were pressed down by the iron hand of
poverty—who had no property to be taxed, and no
money with-which to pay taxes—who were too old
and decrepid to perform militia duty, and who had
no house to shelter them from the winter's blast,—>
should, on account of their poverty, be denied the
exercise of the dearest right of freemen—the right
of selecting those who were to govern them. - But
the pampered negro, who was fortunate enough to
possess an estate of the value of $250, should be.
allowed to thrust the old soldier from the polls, and
proudly demand that his vote should be received,
well might the survivors of our revolutionary
struggle indignantly demand: Was it for this that
we have wasted our strength and shattered pur con-
stitutions in toilsome marches and bloody battles,
by exposure to winter's cold and summer's heat?
Is this the liberty for which we fought, and for
which we staked our lives—a liberty which, while
it is enjoyed by almost every other portion of the
community, and even by many of the black popu-
lation, is denied to us on account of our poverty?
Aud yet, Mr. Speaker, my honorable colleague,
[Mr. Kennedy,] notwithstanding his ardent sym-
pathies for the "persecuted patriots" of Rhode
Island, notwithstanding his excessive -zeal in sup-
port of the "natural rights" of the people, knows
no man so worthy of his admiration, so well en-
titled to his support, as this same Martin Van Bu-
ren. The "unterrified democracy" are about mar-
shaling themselves again under his banner to en-
gage in a contest for the presidency.
[Here Mr. Kennedy, of Indiana interposed, and
asked Mr. Smith if he had not advocated the same
sentiments.]
Never, never, (said Mr. S.;) they are sentiments
which I detest. 1 have always advocated the prin-
ciple, in regard to the right of suffrage, which is
engrafted upon the constitution of the State which
I have the honor, in part, to represent—that the
ballot-box should be open to every white male cit-
izen of the age of twenty-one years, who has
identified himself with our people, by a residence
of one year in the State.
Twice has Martin Van Buren been presented to
the people of Indiana as a candidate for the' pres-
idency, and twice have they rejected him; and
nothing has contributed more to his rejection there,
than, the odious anti-republican principles which he
has advocated in regard to the right of suffrage.
Let his friends present him a thiid time, and his re-
jection by the people of Indiana will be as signal
and decisive a>* it in '3d and 140.
The exuacu v. hioh I have piesentod show that
Mr. Van Buren not only opposed the extension of
the right of suffrage to proper and rational limits,
but he also opposed the proposition to extend to
the people the right to elect justices of the peace,
contending, "the further this power could be re-
moved from the people the better."
Shakspeare said, "a rose by any other name
would smell as sweet." Had he lived till this day,
and in this country, I think he would have changed
his opinion. Under the specious and imposing
name of "democracy," we have seen principles and
measures destructive of everything like democracy
openly advocated. Men who have ever, by then-
acts, manifested an utter disregard of the rights of
the people, have, by assuming the name of "demo-
crats," suddenly been transformed into champions
of popular rights. The democracy of the present
day—of the stamp assumed by the authors of thQ
memorial now before the House—is made to sens
