434
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
table, it could be called up any day Mr. C. was
ready to proceed with his remarks.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, the pending ques-
tion was, in conformity with this understanding, laid
on the table.
The Senate then adjourned.
Correction.—In the report of Mr. Allen's remarks in
the Senate yesterday, on the bill to increase the salary of
the district judge of Tennessee, there are some mistakes. In
speaking of the circuit courts of common pleas in Ohio, Mr.
Allen said the president judge was required to hold three
terms each year in each county in his circuit; and not, as
reported, "three times a year in one of the counties of each
circuit."
Mr. Allen also said that the recent legislature of the
State had reduced the salaries of the supreme judges (to be
elected in future) to $1,000, and those of the president
judges of the common pleas to $730; and not, as reported,
that the salaries of the supreme judges had been reduced to
$760.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
/Thursday, March 28, 1844.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the reception of reports from the
standing committees; when the following reports were
made.
IOWA MILITIA.
Mr. DEAN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made a report, accompanied by a bill to
provide for the payment of the Iowa militia, called
mto service in the year 1839: read twice, and re-
ferred.
PRIVATE CLAIM.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an report upon the petition of Sher-
man Pierce, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read twice, and referred.
Mr. R., from the same committee, made adverse
reports upon the petitions of Daniel Sprague, Ly-
man N. Cook, James Gee, and Oliver Kerrick;
which were laid on the table.
Mr. OWEN, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, moved that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of several petitions
and memorials referred to them: agreed to.
Mr. BURKE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a joint resolution, directing the
dilivery of the journals and public documents, print-
ed by order of Congress, to each incorporated sta-
tistical association in the several States and Territo-
ries: read twice, and referred.
Mr. B., from the same committee, reported a bill
extending the privilege of copyright to the authors
of the narative and account of the exploring expedi-
tion: read twice, and referred.
On motion of Mr. BURKE,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Library be discharged
from the consideration ot the petition ol'T. uud [.I. W. John-
sou, law publishers ol' Philadelphia.
Mr. LEONARD, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, made a report upon the sub-
ject of lighting the Hall of Representatives, accom-
panied by the following resolution:
Rcsoh-i fi, Tlu\t the doorkeeper of the House of llepi esent-
ativos contiact with Robert Grant for lighting the hall of
the House of Ilepresentatn es with the ox; h) ihogini lime
light, oi Dnimniojid li.^ht, uild that the -sum of one thousand
dollars be appropnuied fioin the contingent fund oi the
House for that puipose.
Referred to the Committee of (lie whole House.
PAY OF THE NAVY.
IVIr. DEAN, from the Committee on Retrench-
ments reported a bill to regulate the pay of the offi-
cers of the navy; which was twicc read, and re-
ferred.
Mr. ADAMS asked the consent of the House to
present a memorial from the National Institute.
Objected to and not received.
Mr. HUNGERPORD moved that 2,500 extra
copies of the report of the Committee of Retrench-
ment, in relation the navy, be printed; but the mo-
tion not being in older, was not received.
Mr. COBB, from the Select Committee on Statis-
tics, moved that 5,000 copies of the report of said
committee be printed.
Mr. WHITE suggested to the gentleman from
Georgia that he should give his notice now, and ir.
would come up regularly hereafter.
Mr. COBB assented, and the notice was entered.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Bohlen and Bone; which was laid on the
tcvble.
On motion of Mr. WELLER,
Ordered,. That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
charged fx om the consideration of the memorial of the work-
ing men of the Washington navy-yard, for a speedy appro-
priation for the navy; also from the resolution of the House
of the 17th of January last, in relation to snag-boats upon the
Mississippi and its tributaries; and also from the memorial
of the legislature of Wisconsin, for an increase of the appro-
priation for the support of the said legislature.
TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, to which was referred a resolu-
tion on the 15th day of January last, directing that
committee to inquire and report whether the notes
lately issued by the Treasury Department, bearing
nominal interest, and convertible into coin on de-
mand, and now forming part of the circulating me-
dium of the country, are authorized by the existing
laws and constitution of the United States, made a
report, to which was appended a communication
from the Treasury Department. He also reported
the following joint resolution:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representative!! of the
United States of Jlmeiica in Congress assembled, That the
issue of treasury notes made payable on their faces one year
after date,'bearing a merely nominal rate of inteiest, and by
endorsement thereon, made payable at any time on present-
ation at the depositories of the treasury, is without au-
thority of law.
The joint resolution was read twice, and commit-
ted to the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union; and, together with the report and the com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
was ordered to be printed.
He moved that 10,000 extra copies of the report
and accompanying documents be printed.
The motion was entered on the calendar, objection
being made by Mr. ADAMS.
THE TARIFF MODIFICATION ACT.
Mr. MeKAY submitted the following resolution,
on which he moved the previous question:
Rtsolved,, That bill No. 213, "to modify and amend the
act entitled 'An act to piovide revenue from imports, and to
change and to modify existing laws imposing duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes," approved 30th August, 1842,
be the special order of the day on and after Tuesday, the 9th
day of April next, then to take precedence of all other busi-
ness until the same shall be finally disposed of by the
House.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to
submit an inquiry to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL. I move that the reso-
lution be laid on the table; and on that I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired if the adoption of the
resolution of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means would not require a vote of two-
thirds?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BRODHEAD then appealed ta the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoli,] to
withdraw his motion to lay on the table.
Mr. WHITE also made a like entreaty, and re-
minded the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the
original resolution would require a vote of two-
thirds.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL assented, and withdrew
Ins motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL said, as tins was an important
question, lie desired to make an inquiry from the
Chair in relation to the point just stated He ad-
mitted that a vote of two-thirds would be requi-
site to suspend the rules to present a resolution;
but here was a report coming legitimately from a
committee; and he inquired whether, as the report
came properly before the House, a majority would
not be MuTicicnt foi the adoption of the resolution.
Two-thirds weie not deemed necessary to set aside
the thiec first days m April for District business
nor was a suspension of the rules thought requisite
nnd he desired to be informed why two-thirds were
required now.
The SPEAKER replied that, to make a subject, a
special order, and give it priority over all other busi-
ness, had always been deemed to require a two-
thirds'" vote.
Mr. SAUNDERS inquired whether the rule re-
cently adopted on the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. C. Johnson,] giving power to a
majority of the House to go into Committee of the
Whole on any subject, would not be operative
in this case.
The SPEAKER replied that, by that rule, a ma-
jority might go into Committee of the Whole on
any subject; but that rule did not give a majority
power to make any subject a special order, and give
it precedence over all other business.
Mr. C. JOHNSON suggested that the resolution
should be so altered as to provide that the House
should resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the tariff bill on the day mentioned in the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for tellers; and Messrs.
J. P. Kennedy and C. Johnson were appointed;
and they reported 72 in the affirmative and 66 in the
negative.
So there was a second.
The main question was then ordered to be now
j)ut; and, on the question of agreeing to the resolu-
tion, the yeas and nays were called for and taken,
and resulted thus: yeas 94, nays 79—being less
than a majority of two-thirds.
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, James A.
Black, Blagkwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Biinkeihofl',
Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Cald-
well, Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis,
Doan, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee, Fickhn, French,
Hale, Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Herrick,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Hun-
ferford, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, An-
rew Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Kirk-
patrick, Labranclie, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin,
Lyon, McCaublen, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, Mc-
Connell, McDowell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Norris, Owen,
Payne, Pettit, Emery D Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbnn,
David S.Reid, Reding, Relfe, Roberts, Robinson, Saunders,
Simpson, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes, Thompson, Tibbatts,
Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, "Woodward, and Joseph A.
Wright—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Bidlack, J. Black, Brengle, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Buf-
iington, Cary, Carroll, Cathn, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer,
Cranston, Darrah, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Debsrry
Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Ellis, Foot, Foster, Giddmgs,
Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Charles J. fngersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Perley B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, E. J Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Par-
menter, Patterson, Peyton, Elislia R. Potter, Preston, Ram-
sey, Ritter, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Russell, Sample,
Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Sey
mour, Simons, Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Summers, Thomas-
son, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered,
White, Williams, Winthrop, William Wright, and Yobt
Mr. MURPHY rose before the vote was an-
nounced, and asked permission to record his vote,
having been prevented, by business of his commit-
tee, from being in the House at the time his name
was called.
The SPEAKER said that he could not be so per-
mitted.
Mr. MURPHY then said that, if he had been
present, he would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. McKAY lose and gave notice, in order, he
said, that no one might be taken by surprise, that,
on Tuesday, the 9th day of April, or some earlier
day, he would move that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of
taking up and proceeding to the consideration of
this bill; and he would make that motion every day
until the subject should be finally disposed of.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said he trusted that the
gentleman's intended motion would not prevail, until
the country at large had an opportunity of express-
ing its wishes upon the subject.
Mr. WELLER made some observation, which
was not heard by the reporter.
The SPEAKER announced that the morning
hour had expired
Mr. BIDLACK wished, in connection with the
notice of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, to make an inquiry of the honorable
gentleman, and to present the proceedings of a meet-
ing of the citizens of Mr. B.'s district, on the«sub-
ject of the bill which it was proposed to take up
and consider.
Called to order.
Mr. BIDLACK said he meiely wanted to make
inciuiry ^ie chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to submit any motion.
Mr. BIDLACK. Certainly, sir. I move to sus-
pend the rules to enable me to make the inquiiy.
["For what purpose?" for what purpose?"]
Mr. BIDLACK. For the purpose of under-
standing the notice which has been given by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means. [A
laugh.]
The question for a suspension of the rules was
put and negatived.
