CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Am
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 29, 1844.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from Jolm S.
Gilbert, of the city of New York, lelating to a floating dry-
dock—his invention: referred to the Committee on Naval
Aflairs.
Also, a memorial from 210 citizens of Yates county, New
York, remonstrating against any change m the present tar-
iff. Also, eight memorials, containing 760 signatures from
Albany; one from Manhus, two fiom Utica, New York, and
one from Frankfort, Herkimer county, of like import; all of
which were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mi-. ATCHISON presented some documents m support of
the claim of William H. ; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Aflairs.
Mv. BREESE presented some documents, exhibiting the
amount of public pioperty transported annually upon the
upper Mississippi, and other statistical information of great
importance connected therewith; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, to aid that committee in their de-
liberations on the subject of unpiovements in the naviga-
tion of the western waters, and ordered to be printed.
Mi. PEAliCK presented a petition fiom .-undry farmeis,
mechanics, and manufactuiers of Cecil county, Maryland,
lepresentmg that the existing tariff is adequate to the wants
of the country, and praying Congress to make no alteiation
m it: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented eight memorials from the
State of Pennsylvania, praying Congress not to pass any act
interfering with the present tarrft, unless it was ascertained
by its operation that it required amendment; also the pro-
ceedings of a meeting in Danville, Pennsylvania, at which
stiong resolutions weie passed in favor oi the piesent tariff:
all which were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial from inhabitants of Berks
county, Pennsylvania, praying, for reasons therein set forth,
that Texas may not be annexed to the Union; also, a memo-
iial from citizens of the county of Adams, Pennsylvania, and
citizens of Ohio township, in the county of Alleghany,
piaying that Congress may not annex Texas to the Union:
all which were referred to the Committee on Foieign Rela-
tions.
Mr. BREESE presented the proceedings of a public meet-
ing held in Knox county, Indiana, in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the impiovement of the navigation of the
Wabash river: referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STURGEON presented documents from William
Keller, a soldier in the late war with Great Britain, praying
for a pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. I'EARCE, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr HUNTINGTON, fiom the Comnutteeon Commerce,
reported a bill relating to ceitain collection distnets, and
for other purposes; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Judiciary, re-
ported back, with an amendment, House bill entitled an
"Act to change the time of holding the spring term
ol the circuit court of the United States for the eastern dis-
of Virginia." Mr. B. remarked that it had been suggeftted
to him by one of the representatives from Virginia that the
time for the meeting of the court would \ery soon occur,
and it was therefore desirable that the bill should be at once
considered by the Senate.
Mr KING remarked that he designed to propose an
amendment to the bill, and expressed a wish that the senator
fiom Georgia [Mr. Bkkrims] w ould not pi ess action upon
the bill then.
Mr. BERRIEN acquiesced in the suggestion.
Subsequently, on the motion of Mr!" BERRIEN, (the sen-
ator from Alabama having prepared his amendment,) the
previous orders of the day were postponed, and the bill was
taken up as in committee of the whole.
The amendment proposed by the Judiciaiy Committee to
strike out the 5th day of June, and to insert the 30th day of
May as the time for the meeting of this court, was agreed to.
Mr. KING remarked that he'had received a communica-
tion from the district judge of Alabama expressing a de&ire
that the time for holding the courts at Mobile should be
changed. He had, in accordance with such wish, piepared
an amendment fixing the time dt a penod mote convenient
to the bai, judges, and country geneially; and more desira-
ble, as it was at amoie healthy period, so far as that city-
was concerned. He proposed to add at the end of the bill
a section providing that the fju'in% teim of the circuit court
of the United States for the filth judicial circuit and south-
ern district of Alabama shall commence hereafter on the
3d Monda\ in April, and the fall term on the 4th Monday of
December Also proposed to add another section author-
izing the judge to hold an extra term of the court in caje it
should be iound inconvenient to hold the regular term.
These amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ieported to the Senate; and the amend-
ments being concurred in, they were ordered to be engross-
ed. and the bill to be read a thud time.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, the previous orders of
the day were postponed; and the bill to confirm the survey
and location oi claims for lands m the State of Mississippi,
east ol Pearl river and south of the 31st degree of north lat-
itude, was taken up, and was read the third time, and, on
the suggestion oi Mr. JOHNSON, was postponed till to-
morrow, to enable him to examine its provisions.
Mr SEVIER presented the petition and papers of Laomi
Kelter, of Arkansas, praying for a pension: iclerred to the
Committee on Pensions
Mr. TAPFAN asked the Senate to take up for considera-
tion the following resolution, reported from the Committee
on the Library, viz:
Joint resolution directing the purchase of certain marble
busts.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That
tnc Secretary of State be directed to purchase of Hiram
Powers, of Ohio, busts, in marble, of such of the Presidents
of the United States as he may have modeled from the life,
or from authentic materials, at a price not exceeding five
hundred dollars each.
Mr TAPPAN made some remarks, not distinctly heard,
on the propriety of the government having accurate like-
nesses of the Presidents of the United States, as far as they
could be obtained. Mr. Powers (he remarked) had succea-
ed in preparing models of three of the Presidents, and was
also ready to execute them in marble. Mr. T. bore high
testimony to the just celebrity of Mr. Powers as an artist
and skilful workman in sculpture. He did not consider that
there was any man in modern times better able to copy the
human form with precise accuracy than he
The resolution was tnen taken up for consideration.
Mr. KING made some remarks on the propriety, as the
busts were not actually executed in maible, of authorizing
the Secretary to make a contiact with the artist to execute
them at a price not exceeding $500. As the resolution now
read, it proposed a purchase of the busts as if they were ac-
tually executed.
Mr. TAPPAN w as understood to lemaik that the commit-
tee had been infoimed, from veiy good authority, that Mr
Powers had prepared admirable models of three of the pres-
idents, from which the busts in mnible could be easily exe-
cuted. All the skill and genius of the artist were expended
m creating (he model; therefore, in executing the busts in
marble, nothing remained but mechanical execution. He
did not consider the amendment suggested at all impoitant
to accomplish the object designed
The resolution was then "reported to the Senate, and or
dered to be engrossed lor a third reading.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial fiom citizens of New-
castle county, Delaware, remonstiating against the passage
of the bill introduced into the other House for the modifica-
tion of the present tariff, and against any interference with
the tariff whatever: relerred to the Committee on Finance
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the pievious orders of the
day were postponed, and the Senate took up for considera-
tion, as in committee of the whole, the bill reported fiom
the Committee on Roads and Canals for continuing and as- !
senting to an act of the legislatuic of Virginia, entitled
"An act farther to amend the act incorporating the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal company.
Mr M. explained that there was a joint act passed by the
legislatures of Virginia and Maryland, and the Congress of
the United States, by which the time w as limited in the
canal charter for for the completion oftliis work The time
would expire the ensuing April; therefore the legislatures
of each ox those States had passed laws for the extension of
the time. They now asked the passage of an act by Con-
gress concurring m such extension of time to the canal
company. This bill provided for that object.
The bill was then ieported to the Senate, and ordeied to
be engrossed for a third leading
SALARY OF THE DISTRICT JUDGES.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the bill
to increase the salary of the district judge of the United
States for the district of East Tennessee, Middle Tennessee,
and the western district of Tennessee, in the 8th judicial
district. The question pending bciiujthc proposition of Mr.
IIannroan to recommit the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with instructions to inquire into the expediency
of equalizing the saluncs of the district judges.
Mr KING made some lnqimy a« to what was meant by
the term equalization. The judge of the southern district
of New Yoik, w hose duties weie laborious, received $3,.700
per annum; but there were other judges, whosi duties were
not so laborious, who leceived much less—some as low
as $1000 per annum It certainly was not the design or ob-
ject of the senator from Indiana. b\ his instructions to the
committee, to equalr/e the salanes ol the judges, by giving
the same salaries to those who had little or no duties to pei-
form, as to the judges ol New York, whose duties were so
laborious. He knew it was not hi.< design to do any such
thing. If the senator wanted to commit the bill, with the
view of having one reported fixing a fair compensation to all
the judges, takiug into consideration tire duties the} ha\e
to perform, the expenses inclined in th ir performance, ,md
the amount necessary to their support in the section ol
country in which they reside, lie would h.i\ c no objection
to such a course.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that, early la* t session, Congress
raised a committee to take into consideration the subject of
letrenchment. It was a regular standing committee, and
existed at the present time Evpect'ihon was raided
high throughout the countiy when the committee was
appointed. It was one iiom which doubtless some
able report might have turn expected The coun-
tiy or the Senate had not been favoted as yet with
any report from it. lie believed that much business
had not been referred to that committee; he there-
fore suggested whether it as not better to refer the bill to
the Committee on Retrenchment, and let them go into an
examination of the salaries of all the dj^tuct judges, and
bring m a bill reducing them all to a suitable standard. He
believed that it would be found that theie could be a re-
duction without impairing the usefulness and standing of
judiciaiy. These salaries cannot be icduced during the life
of the incumbents, but it can be done as fully by this bill as
any othei. The bill can pi ovide a reduction to take effect
as soon as tine places of tnc present incumbents shall be va-
cated by resignation, death, or otherwise. Unless it was
done m this way, it w ould never be done at all F.veiy dis-
trict judge would have a friend on that floor, and the judge,
being aveiy clevei man iu his fru-ndb, and peihap.s o little
extravagant, would feel 9 g'-eat neopsciiy for an increase ol
salary to support buch extravagance. The judge's friend on
that floor seeing the gieat necessit) ol rilievmg linn from
this embarrassment, would make an effort to do so out of
the jinational purse, by giving him a largei salary. This
would be, the case session after session Mr. T was undei-
stood further to say, that the judicial officers had as little to
do as any body ot officers under the government, and were
better paid. He expressed a hope that his suggestion would
be adopted by the senator from Indiana, of sending the bill
to the Committee on Retrenchment w ith instructions.
Mr HANNEGAN said he w ould cheerfully accept the
suggestion of the senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tappan j His
friend from Alabama wa6 certainly mistaken in his intention
very much, if he supposed he (Mr H ) wanted to raise the
salaries of any of the judges to $3,500—the amount received
by the district judge of t'fie southern district of New York.
He (Mr. H.) did not believe that the district judges of Ohio.
Indiana, and Illinois, who received but '$1*000 per annuitf 
got enough. There was at present great inequality in the
salaries of those judges. While the judges in Wisconsin
and Iowa received $1,,800 per annum, those of tl*e three
States mentioned received but $1,000. His whole object in
presenting the resolution was to have the Committee on the
Judiciary report a bill of a general character, to take effect
prospectively; not to affect the present incumbents, of
course, (for he "was aware of the constitutional provisioa
preventing a reduction of the salary of the judge during the
time he is in office,) but .those who come in as successors.
This was the way he .wished the salaries of the judges to be
equalized—not that they shall all receive like compensation,
but that they shall receive in proportion to the amount of
services rendered, and the expenses attending the perform-
ance of their duties. He moved to refer the matter to'the
Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr JARNAGIN expressed a wish that the bill would
not be embarrassed by any proposition to get up a bill of a
geneial nature, or lrom an overweening desire to give the
Committee on Retrenchment something to do. If the sen-
ator from Ohio wanted something to send to that committee,
let him send the joint resolution of his for the purchase of
marble busts of the several Presidents. That would be a
legitimate matter for retrenchment That resolution was
passed at the expense of the judges of the district courts.
If theie were any of the judges in the other districts who
did not receive a fair compensation, he was prepared to vote
for bills raising their salaries. He hoped tins bill would
not be recommitted with the view of bringing forwaida
general one to raise the salaries of those who were inade-
quately paid. He would prefer that the bill should be
voted down than to have it recommitted with any such
view. Its recommitment would be just as fatal as its rejec-
tion.
Mr. WHITE made some remarks, showing the great dis-
parity between the salaries of these judges, the inadequate
salaries of some, and the necessity of some legislation upon
the subject.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said it was reported in one of the
papers that he stated the salary of the district judge of
Kentucky at $1,800 per annum. His salary is $1,500 instead
of 1,800.
The bill was then laid on the table till to-morrow.
NAVIGATION OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr BENTON presented the petition of a numerous and
respectable meeting in Scott county, State of Missouri,
praying for an appropriation to improve the navigation of
the Mississippi river at the place called the "Little Chain,"
being the first chain of rocks which encroached upon the
river above the mouth of the Ohio. Mr. B. said that the pe-
tition stated what he himself knew to be the fact, that this
chain made, the most dangerous place in the river, and
where the greatest number of steamboat accidents took
place, fr rom the number of these accidents, and the number
of lives lost there, this part of the river had received the
name of the " Grare-yard,"a.nd was constantly called by that
name when referred to. Mr. B. miived that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Commerce,
Mr. B. also presented the following resolution on
the same subject, which lies over one day under the rules,
viz:
Resolrsd, That the Secretary of the War Department be
diiected to cause an examination and report to be made on
the practicability and probable expense of improving the
navigation of the Mississippi river at the place called the
"Lillle Chain,'''' being the place w here the first chain of locks
overreach upon the iiver above the mouth of the Ohio.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE AND ABATEMENT
OF THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the special orders were ta-
ken up, and the Senate, as in committee of the whole, pro-
ceded to the consideration of Senate bill No. 51, being
••A bill to leduce the rates of postage, to limit the use and
coi icct the abuse of the franking privilege, and for the pre-
vention of iiauds on the revenues of the l'ost Ofhce Depart-
ment ""
I he bill, as reported by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and printed, contained the amendments pro-
posed by that committee, which amendments had been
adopted m committee of the whole on Fiiday, the 22d m&t.,
when tire bill was then under consideration. The question
now pending was, on motion ofMr. SIMMONS, to make the
distance lor the lowest rate of postage (a cents) 250 miles
instead of 100 miles.
Mr MERRICK, after a few prefatoiy remarks stating his
puipose to explain the bill, said he was rejoiced that it now
came up w ith a piospcct of final action. hen it was before
the Senate a few days ago, the question pending was the
motion of the senator from Hhoae island to substitute 250
for 100 miles m the first section. He should not now discuss
that point, but he hoped gentlemen had given the attention
to the provisions of the bill which the importance of the
measure demanded. For the purpose of refreshing the
inci-iorv of senators, previous to pioceeding with the further
amendment of tire bill, he recapitulated, at considerable
length, the arguments he had before urged in its support;
and, in the course of his remarks, expressed his gratifica-
tion at the Senate having at last come to the consideration
of a subject which could be legislated upon without being
commingled with party topics, for it was a measure which
rose above all paity considerations, and presented itself as
a question of the greatest interest to persons of all parties.
He regietted, however, that the whole official corps of the
government had taken a position of determined hostility to
the changes proposed by the bill. But this he considered
was always the consequence of official adherence to an
established state of things—no doubt arising from an honest
disposition not to risk what they consider the best interests
of the government which they serve
Mr. M. then referred to the condition of the Post Office
Department, when the l'ost Office Committees's attention
was first directed to the subject It was found that the tide
of public opinion had set in so strongly against the present
system, that the laws for the protection of the inteiests of
the department became inoperative; private competitiQH
