April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
The Tariff—Mr. J. BrinkerJioff.
H. of Reps.
O C O W* ©
C £- O ft
5 o C *1
s i
-
J i' li w
i oc co
> co io ch *• a
aS.'S >
IP's
? W.0C«
ts <->
a I
£ §
o. p
e*
<6
crtawoiofl
sas&fesi
4.1 «> Ci -*l <0 '■D
C^IO^HH
>— X) *-4 CO I— w
WCCWtCWM
•Kj ►- Oi 5©
-omkhc w
•JffitiOMS
ii C ffi C, P
Cf *io"o "►-"<£> - 
Ji X A to w X
ii m w cr. c -}
* *1
II
o E>
c ps
5.c
fi
©
3J
Table C.
Importation of icool Into the UrtUtd States, as 1 spoiled by the
Seci eta> y of the Ti easury.
Note.—Under the act of 1332, wool costing eight cents
per pound, or under, was free of duty. By the act of Au-
gust, 1842, coarse wool costing seven cents, or under, is
subject to a duty of five per cent.
WOOL, UNMANUFACTURED, IMPORTED.
Year ending Sej:
te^nber 30, 1840
1841
1842
1813
Not exceeding 8 cents {Costing over 8
per pound. jcents per pound.
Pounds.
"Value.
Pounds.
Value.
9,303,992
14,409,764
10,637,701
4,773,083
$675,009 ! 594,748
981,281 | 596,646
685,649 j 7S3,701
402,79.i } '210,570
i
$171,067
173,672
111,733
66,387
Coarse wool, under 7 cents per pound, imported in 1813,
4,773,083 pounds, value $402,795.
SPEECH OF MR. J. BRINKERHOFF,
OF OHIO,
In. the House of Representatives, April 24, 1844—
On the subject of a home market.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF had obtained the floor on
the day preceding, but was obliged to suspend at
the very outset of his remarks, on account of the
affray which then occurred on the floor of the
House, between Mr. White of Kentucky, and Mr.
Rathbun of New York. The House having re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union, and the tariff bill being resumed
in consideration, Mr. B. said:
Mr. Chairman: It would seem as if a kind of fa-
tality attended every attempt, on my part, to secure
an opportunity to address the House, and to give
my views on the great questions now in debate. It
will be recollected, that in the extended discussion
which arose at an early peiiod of the present session,
concerning a reference of a portion of the President's
message, I obtained the floor, but was prevented
from proceeding by sudden indisposition; and yes-
terday I was arrested at the threshold of my re-
marks by the occurrence of a scene, such as 1 have
never before witnessed, and such as 1 hope never
again to witness; and the record of which, were it
m my power, I would gladly blot out forevet trom
the history of this Congress and this country.
It is not for me, Mr. Chairman, a young man and
a young member, to lecture this House, it I were so
disposed, (which I am not,) but this I may be per-
mitted to say, that much of the excitement and pas-
won which occasionally manifest themselves here,
- is attributable to the fact that gentlemen so fiequent-
iy occupy the time of the House in speaking upon
every subject exeept that really under consideration.
It is a practice which I do not admire, and one
which I do not intend to imitate; but, in the remarks
which I may find myself able to offer during the
period allotted to me, I shall endeavor to confine
myself to topics intimately connected with the poli-
cy of the bill before the committee.
In the debate to which I have alluded, the gentle-
man from New York on my right [Mr. Hunt] took
occasion, in a spirit of excessive kindness to the
people of the W est, to recommend to their repre-
sentatives here the support of, a policy which looks
to a home market alone for our surplus bread-stuffs;
and, in the recommendation, he was earnestly sec-
onded by his colleague, the honorable gentleman
from Albany, [Mr. Barnard,] who, contending that
it was vain for the West to look to Great Britain for
the consumption of its surplus agricultural products,
ventured the prediction, that in five years hence
Great Britain, instead of depending on us for them,
would herself become an exporter of breadstuffs.
[Mr. Barnard (Mr. biiinkkrhorf yielding the
floor) .explained that his statement had been made
more general than this. He had said that Great
Britain, within a reasonable period of time, (ten
years he would have been more likely to have men-
tioned, if he had specified any limitation,) would be
much more likely to become an exporter than an
importer of grain.]
It is of no consequence- to the argument, Mr.
Chairman, (continued Mr. Brinkeriioff,) whether
the honorable gentleman or myself'be most accu-
rate in the recollection of his language; for,
in either case, the substance of his prediction is
admitted to have been, that Great Britain
would soon become an exporter of grain, pro-
duced from her own soil, and would, therefore, have
no occasion for that of foreign growth. Now, sir,
let us examine and see whether there is anything,
in the past history of that country, to justify the
bold assumption, whether it has any basis of facts
on which to rest, or whether the gentleman does not
rely for its support solely on the questionable au-
thority of his own inspiration.
Referring to an English work of standard au-
thority, (McCulloch's Commercial Dictionary, vol.
1, p. 486-7,) I find that, since the year 1788-—that
is, for the last fifty years—the imports of grain into
Great Britain have permanently exceeded her ex-
ports of the article; or, in other words, that, not- j
withstanding the steady and rapid progress of agri-
cultural science and skill in that kingdom, rendering ,
her husbandry now superior to that of any other j
country on earth; yet, for the last half century, she j
has been laboring under a permanent deficiency of
agricultural supplies. That deficiency, sir, is con- j
stantly enlarging, and the loaves of lier people are ;
diminishing in size as each returning year adds to |
her accumulated population, until hundreds of j
thousands of them are compelled to rise hungry in I
the morning, retire hungry at night, pass through I
life, and die, without knowing what it is to be free i
from the gnawings of an unsatisfied appetite. |
By reference to the same authority, Mr. Chair- ;
man, under the head of "corn laws," it will be
found that, in the year 1815, an amendment of the
British tariff on corn was made, which amendment
was based on the position assumed by a committee
in Parliament, aftei a most careful inquiry, and the
examination of numerous witnesses, that, unless the
price of wheat was, by protective legislation, kept
up to the standard of eighty shillings per quarter,
(equal to something over $2 per bushel,) the infe-
rior qualities of land then under cultivation would
necessarily be abandoned to pasturage; and, in 1832,
price of all kinds having been much reduced by rea-
son of the great reduction of currency consequent
on the resumption of specie payments by the Bank
of England, after a suspension of some twenty-one
years' duration, another modification of the cornlaws^
was made, on the assumption that the cultivation of
inferior lands must be abandoned unless the price
were maintained as high as seventy shillings per
quarter. Nor was the legislation of Parliament in
these instances guided by theoretical speculations
merely; for it has frequently occurred in English
history that the cultivation of the less fertile lands
of the kingdom eould not be made to yield remu-
neration for the labor and expense inoureu; and ex-
tensive tracts have necessarily b"'n ;nea up to
pasturage.—(See same, p. 404.) Do these facts in-
dicate that the people of Great Britain will ever be
able to bring their sixteen million ueres of salt
meadows and bleak mountain rock? under profita-
ole cultivation' On the contrary, do they not con-
clusively show that they must depend on foreign
supplies or starve, and that such dependence must
increase with the advance of population? In the
year 1840, Great Britain imported from abroad
48,164,712 bushels of grain; while our exports of
agricultural produce during that year, exclusive of
cotton, tobacco, and rice, amounted in value to $12,-
872,631. Does that look as if she were likely to
become our rival in the production of breadstuffs?
I leave the gentleman's prophecy, and the probabili-
ties of its fulfilment, to the judgment of the com-
mittee.
Having now, Mr. Chairman, disposed of the
•spectre of British rivalry, held up with a view to
"frighten us from our propriety," I will proceed in
the purpose for which, mainly, I was induced to
claim the attention of the committee.
A home market—a home market, Mr. Chairman,
is the object presented to attract our admiration and
pursuit. Let us examine it. Is it, or can it be
made, a reality—a substantial existence? or is* it a
mere creature of the fancy? Is it within the limits
of possible attainment? or, as a solid good, worth
the cost of pursuit? Or is it a mere ignis fatvm, to
lure us into the sacrifice of our material interests
in the chase of a chimera? Resort to heavy indirect
taxation—levy high rates of duty in all imported
articles—identify yourselves with a high protective
tariff—and thus build up extensive manufacturing
establishments, which shall consume and afford a
market for your surplus breadstuffs:—this, sub-
stantially, is the recommendation of the honorable
gentleman from New York: and this is the great ar-
gument on which is erected the system of legisla-
tive restrictions and bounties, falsely called the pro-
teeth e system—falsely, because it robs the many
for the benefit of the few, and is therefore destruc-
tive, rather than protective. This is especially the
argument for a high tariff among the farmers of the
West, and those whose aim is faithfully to represent
their interests. At the first blush, and without
analysis, it wears on its face a plausible aspect. But
is it founded in truth? Is it possible to attain the
ends of policy proposed by the next generation to
come? Can you, by any system of protective legis-
lation, build up a home market adequate to the con-
sumption of the surplus breadstuffs of the United
States? This is the question; and to every gentle-
man on this floor, who, like myself, is the represent-
ative of a constituency; almost exclusively agricul-
tural, it is one of no little moment. Having given
it a serious, deliberate, and, to the extent of my
humb'e ability, a thorough consideration, I am
compelled to assume the negative of the proposition;
and I now, sir, fearlessly take the ground that it is
not possible? You eannot create an adequate home
market; it cannot be done; and if there ever was a
fallacy perfect and complete—a political jack-o-lan-
tern, wholly delusive in itself, it is this. For the
last twenty-eight years, the federal government has
been to a great extent experimenting upon this pol-
icy. It had its commencement when many of us
were
"Muling and puking in our nurses' arms,"
and our fathers were the active men of their
generation. They were promised then, as we
are now promised, a market at home, a mar-
ket independent of the capricious markets of
the world abroad. They believed you; adopted
your policy; and they or their descendants have, to
a greater or less extent, persisted in this policy
ever since. But have you kept "the word of
promise," and fulfilled your engagements to them?
No, sir. On the contrary, our surplus breadstuffs,
and our ability to export them, except when check-
ed by an inflated currency, have gone on constantly
increasing. An experiment oftwenty-eight years' pros-
ecution has thus failed ofits object. The long-promised
Paradise of an adequate home mm-ket has not yet
revealed itself to our expectant vision. I admit you
have been rewarded with a partial and trifling suc-
cess; but meantime the generation authorizing the
experiment has passed away without the experience
of any benefit whatever.
I propose, now, Mr. Chairman, in order to reach
some definite idea of its value, and of the results
from the' further prosecution of this policy, to ex-
amine, as far as practicable and available, the ex-
tent and capacity of the home market thus far es-
abhshed, ill the consumption of our surplus agncul-
ural productions. ,
in an elaborate and valuable memorial ad-
dressed to Congress, in June, 1842, on the
subject of the wheat trade, by Joshua Leavitt,
(of which three thousand extra copics were
ordered to be printed by the Senate,) the ro* 
