CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was encouraged by the public voice; showiag that a reform
was called for, and could be no longer deferred. It was im-
possible to let things, femain in this condition.
Here Mr- M. proceeded to several calculations and statisti-
cal statements, with a view of showing that a radical and
material change was inevitable. In support at this view,
he read several passages from the Postmaster General's
report, made at the commencement of the present session.
It being impossible to stand still, the public voice calling
unanimously for a revision of the whole subject, for a
great reduction of postage, and for the abolition of the
franking privilege, the Post Office Committee felt it to be
its incumbent duty to report the present bill, with such pro-
visions as were considered best calculated to effect all the
reforms' demanded.
While a large reduction of the rates of postage was its-
commended, the committee had, with great anxiety, studied
out, and it was expected had attained, a plan of reduction
which would, in practice, have the effect of yielding suffi-
cient revenue for the support of the department} and at the
same time of meeting the wishes of the community. The
object was to adopt a ldw, which would be so far approved
cf by the people that they would co-operate in its sup-
port.
Mr. M. then proceeded to a minute review of the bill, sec-
tion by section, in detail; merely elaborating the language
of the bill itself. The following republication of the com-
pendium made m our report, when the subject was before
the Senate last week, will explain sufficiently the provisions
and objects of the bill. The parts in brackets are the
amendments reconsidered by the Post Office Committee,
and adopted in committee ot the whole, by the Senate, on
the first day of consideration,
Sec. 1. Upon every letter not exceeding half an ounce,
and conveyed a distance not exceeding 100 miles, the post-
age shall be five cents; .over 100 mifes ten cents. Letters
weighing more than half an ounce, and not exceeding three-
lourths of an ounce, double posta^ e; exceeding three-
fourths of an ounce, and not exceeding one ounce, treble
postage5 and for every excess of weight of one-fourth of
an ounce, five cents or ten cents additional, according as
tiie distance does not, or does, exceed 100 miles.
[And all drop letters, and letters placed in any post office,
not for transportation, but for delivery only, shall be
charged with postage at the rate of two cents each. And
all letters which shall hereafter be advertised as le*
maining over in any post office, shall, when delivered out,
be charged With the costs of advertising the same, in Addi-
tion to the regular postage.]
Skc . 2. Newspapers not exceeding 1,325 square inches,
free of postage withm the county m which they are punted;
and if sent beyond the county, and not exceeding 100 miles,
half a cent each, and one cent for greater distances: P10-
i'itled, The editors or publishers keep a list or register of all
papers sent by mail, noting the day sent, the office m which
deposited for transmission, and the office sent to; certifying
and letuining the same quarterly to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, [at the end of each quartoi,J on which the postmasters
shall be charged the postage; and refusal or neglect to make
such returns shall subject the publishers or editors to the
rates of postage chargeable under the act of 3d March,
J825 [-ill newspapers exceeding [1.600 instead ot
1,32f J square inches to be subject to the same postage as
now exists, that is, tor a distance not exceeding 100 miles,
i cent; and greater than 100 miles, l£ cent; and 1 cent addi-
tional foi eveiy excess, of square inches.
Skc. 3 All printed or lithographed circulars and hand-
bills, or advertisements printed or lithographed on quarto
post oi single cap paper, or paper not larger than single cap,
lolded, directed, and unsealed, shall be charged with post-
age at the rate of 2 cents for each sheet, and no more, what-
ever may be the distance the same ma) be sent Pam-
phlets, maga/.iues, periodicals, and such punted matter, lor
each copy, 2| cents, not exceeeing 1 oz in weight, foi 100
miles, and 5 cents for any greater distance; 1 cent additional
for each additional ounce on any distance.
Sit-. 4. The Postmaster General authorized, when lieces-
s<uv , in case oi too great a mass of matter having to be car-
re (i 1)^ mull, to iorward the lettei-mail separately ior great-
ci spevd.
Sm;. b. The twenty-seventh section of the act of 3d March,
Wj, and all other acts and pait of acts granting the privi-
lege of receiving and transmitting, liee ol postage, letters,
packets, newspapers, periodicals, and oil othei matteis, ie-
pudled.
Sic b. Officers of the government heictofore having the
fiankmg privilege, to Keep an <-u count of postage touching
then office business, which, duly verified, shall he allowed
them The deputv postma .tors to he allowed the postages
on their official business, when verified, [and on the tians-
mission ol (he charged letter as vouchers,] and to be allow-
ed to traJiNinit, tree ol' postage, letters and packages, on the
business ot then office, endorsing thereon "post office busi-
ness" ovei ihen signatures, respectively, subject, foi eveij
fiuch endorsement falsely made, to a line of $50.
Si i. 7. The 1'iesident ol the United States, the Vice Pre<o-
dent, all ex-Pre_->idont.s, the w ulow of any ex-President, all
ex-Vice Presidents, Seeietarres of State, of the Tieasury, ol
War, and of the Navy, the Postmaster General, and Attor-
ney General, authorized to frank and receive letters, pack-
ages, newspapets, pamphlets, and magazines, free of post-
age The act authorizing the governor of the several
Sta.ej to transmit by mail certain "books and document*, to
continue m force. The membeis ot Congiess, the delegate*
of Territories, secretary of the Senate and cleik of the
House ot Representatives, authorized to transmit, free ot
postage, to any post office in the United States or Teriito-
nec, any documents printed by either House of Congress.
Skc. 8. Each member of the Senate and the House oi jlepi e-
sentatives, and tach delegate from a Territory, the secretary
of the Senate and the cleik of the House of Representatives,
may receive by mail, [during any session o/ Congress,] free
of postage, any letter newspaper, or packet, not exceeding
two ounces m weight, from the time such member or dele-
gate takes his seat m Congress to the expiration of his' term
of election or termination of his services; and all postages
charged upon letters, packages. petitions, memorials, or
othm matters or 'ehings received by any senator, member
or delegate of the House of Representatives, touching his
official or legislative duties, by reason of any excess of
weight above two ounces, to be paid out of the contingent
fund. -
Sko. 9. In lieu of the privilege heretofore allowed to
members of Congress of sending to their constituents and
others letters and other written or printed communications
free of postage thiough the mail, each member of Congress,
and delegate from a Territory shall be supplied with a num-
ber of free stamps or envelopes equal "to five per day for
the highest rate of postage on letters not exceeding one-
half ounce in weight each; from the day delivered, to the com-
mencement of tht? next annual session of Congress, and in
like manner from the first day of each session to the first
day of the succeeding session. [And it shall be the duty of
every deputy postmaster, tinder the diiection of the Post-
master Geueral, before delivering any letter, or other mat-
ter, or thing, enclosed in any such envelop, or to which any
such free stamp may be attached, so to mutilate or deface the
same as effectual!}- to prevent its second use.]
Si-c. 10. Prohibitory of private expresses or other trans-
mission of mail matter than through the post office mail;
penalty $150 for each offence.
Sec. 11. Stage coaches, railroad cars, steamboats, packet-
boats, or othei* vehicles or vessels, prohibited carrying mail
matter, except such as may relate to cargoes of said ves-
sels, or ariicles conveyed by vehicles, penalty $100: the
driver, captain, or conductor, also to forfeit $50.
Skc. 12. Owners of such modes of conveyance knowingly
allowing persons carrying mail matter passage or convey-
ance. subject to same, penalties as carriers of private ex-
presses.
Sec. 13. Persons sending such mail matter unlawfully,
subject to penalty of $50 for each offence.
Skc. 14 Foreign ships, steam-vessels, &,c , prohibited from
transmitting mail matter from one part of the United States
to another, or the peisons in charge knowingly carrying
persons so transmitting mail matter unlawfully, penalty for
each offence $500.
Sec. 15. This act not to affect the 6th section of the act of
3d March, 18:25, nor prohibit the tiansportation of letters by
steamboats, as therein authorized, provided the conditions
of said section are strictly complied with; otherwise the
pains and penalties applicable under this act to be enforced,
[And no postmaster shall receive, to be conveyed by the
mail, any packet which shall weigh more than 3 lbs.]
Sec. 16. The Postmaster General authorized to contract
with steamboat captains oi owneis for transmission of the
mails on the western or other waters of the United States
for any length of time, or number of trips, less than the
time ot conti acts usually made- under existing laws, with-
out previous advertisement, provided the puce of such ser-
vice shall not be greater than the average of previous con-
tracts on the same route.
Sec. 17. That mailable matter and matter properly transmis-
sible by mad shall be deemed letters, newspapers, maga-
zines, pamphlets, and periodicals, m regular series or suc-
cessive numbers, under the same title, and all other wntten
or printed matter, whereof each copj shall not exceed 8
ounces, except bank notes sent in packages or bundles
without written letters accompanying them: bound books
of any kind not included. Nothing in this act to be con-
strued as prohibiting the transportation otherwise than by
mail of such magazines, [newspapers.] pamphlets, periodi-
cals, &c., in parcels lor sale, but not for distribution.
[Sec. 18 Any person or persons guilty of forging or coun-
terfeiting any stamp or envelop purporting to be under au-
thority of this law, or falsely altering or uttering the same,
or assisting to do so, to be adjudged guilty of felony; and if
convicted by due process of law, to be kept at hard labor
for not less than six months nor more than five years, and
lined not exceeding $5,000.]
[Sec 19. The term newspaper used in this act to be deemed
any piinted publication issued in numbeis consisting of not
more than two sheets, and published at short stated inter-
vals of not inoie than one week, conveying intelligence of
passing events, and bona fide extras and supplements of
such publications. Nothing herein contained to prevent
the free exchange of newspapers between the publishers
thereof as provided for undei the 29th section oi the act ol
3d March, 1825.]
Mr. MLRR.1CK, in contmution of his remarks, stated that
the reduction of postage, by this bill, would be about one-
hall'—the average of the old rates for single letters being
fourteen and a half to fifteen cents, and the average by the
proposed rates being seven and a half; but, although this
j eduction was considerable, it was the confident belief of
the Post Office Committee, that the effect would be to bring
into the mail the mailable matter now sent thioughout the
country b> pi.vate hands and private expresses. The
average number of letters sent through the mail now, w as
iromi'l to 27 millions—not one-half, it was computed, ol the
actual coriespondence of the country; but, calculating the
increase of the correspondence which cheap rates of post-
age would induce, it was not unreasonable to expect that
the number of letters under the netv latcs of postage would
be ai least 80 millions. Mr. M. referred to the post office
letunus of Cheat p.iitam to show the vast increase of corres-
pondence m the United Kingdom, under the penny postage
system. The leduction there was tlyrteen-fourteenths or
from fourteen pence to one penny. Here the reduction pro-
posed was only one-hall' With regard to the British post
office, the very yeoi after the reduction of postage to one
penny, the whole expense of the department was paid, and
a surplus was bonded over to the national treasury of
$2,322,370; showing the splendid result of the axpenment.
Mr. M. then read from the Post Office Committee's report
the following passages and calculations, to show the basis
on which the. committee lounded its conclusions, that the
proposed reduction of postage under this bill would cause
an increase of post-office revenue:
'Tt appear?, from a reccnt report of the Postmaster Gene-
ral, communicated to the Senate January 18, 1844, (Senate
Doc. No. 50,) that the number of letters franked or received
five by postmasters, during the month of October last, was
130,714,which, averaged for twelve month',would make, du-
ring 9 year, the immense number of 1.568,928; and which, if
they paid postage at the average rate charged upon single
letters only, would yield the sum of $222,264 80. The same
report also shows that there were franked or received free,
by other officers of government, during the same month,
85,339 letters, makiug for the year 1,024,068; which would
yield, at the same average rate, (supposing them all to be
single, whereas more than half are believed to be usually
double or triple,) the sum of $145,076 30. The letters frank-
ed by membeis of Congress, during the same time, were
18 558 in the month, or 226,696 for the year, and would yield,
at the same average rate, $31,548 60. These three sums
make, together, the amount of $398,889 70. The whole
number ot chargeable letters, paid and unpaid, which pass
through the mail in a year, according to the same report, is
24,267,552; which would yield, according to the same aver,
age rate, $3,437,903 20. Hence it appears that above twelve
per cent, of what should be the gross revenue of the de-
partment from letters only is withheld by the government,
or granted away by it in the form of privilege to its officers;
thereby adding, in the same proportion, to the charge upon
the unprivileged correspondents. Or, to illustrate it more
plainly, the government, in this way, taxes every individu-
al citizen whose letter postage amounts to one thousand
dollars a year, (and there are many who pay much more,)
one hundred and twenty dollars per annum, and all others
m the same proportion, for this branch of the public ser-
vice, whether they be poor or rich, and no matter how
much they may contribute, in common with others, under
the revenue laws, to the national treasury.
"The committee think these things should not be, and in
them they perceive much cause for the recent manifesta-
tions of dissatisfaction before alluded to. They therefore
recommend the abolition of the franking privilege, except
only as regards a very few of the highest officers of the gov-
ernment, and those citizens who have filled either of the
two highest offices, to whom public policy or public grati-
tude seems to dictate its continuance. The committee
would not perhaps have recommended this exception, but
for the fact that the salaries of all thef.officers employed in
the General Post Office at Washington are paid out of the
general treasury, amounting to the sum of $16o,000 an-
nually; and to this extent, therefore, the government may
with justicc charge that department in the shape of privi-
ledged correspondence; and this sum will be sufficient to
cover, not only the amount which would be chargeable
upon the correspondence of those to whom it is above
recommended to continue the privilege, but will also cover
any fair estimate of the modified privilege it is wisely pro-
posed by the bill to continue to the members of Congress,
and to facilitate that intercourse between their representa-
tives and their constituents, which great and leading mo-
tives of public policy require to be fiee and frequent.
"We come now to consider the still more important pro-
visions of the bill, which propose an average reduction of
the existing rates of postage by about one-half This meas-
ure, though loudly called for by numerous memorialists,
(and to a small extent justified by the preceding recom-
mendation,) is too important in its consequences to be ven-
tured upon without the most careful examination of the
reasons to be urged on both sides. In the first place, it is
to be remembered that the government is brought more
constantly and immediately in contact with a large portion
of the people by the operations of the post office establish-
ment, than by the exeicise of any other of its powers or
duties. This is. indeed, the only one of its many high
functions whrc m its performance is felt and seen by the
great body oithe citizens, m their eveiy day business, feel-
ings, and interests. How desirable, then, that it should
illustrate in its action the true nature of our institutions,
and be rendered as far as practicable the beneficent dis-
penser of comfortjand convenience to all,"withoutburden or
vexation to any?
''Again: it is to be recollected that a well-regulated gov-
ernment post is one of the greatest improvements of modern
times, and perhaps, when viewed in all its bearings and ef-
fects upon the social and political condition of man, it may
be regarded as among the most valuable of purely human
institutions. Who can estimate its utility m preserving and
promoting harmony and good will between the different
parts of a great country; in keeping ever strong and bright
the chain of affection which binds together friends and kin-
dred, by whatever distances they may be separated; in dif-
fusing knowledge, in stimulating enterprise and industry,
in advancing religion and morality: and m fine in promo-
ting the ascendency and dominion of mind over matter? A«
institution so full of good should not be tampered with by
empiricism, nor have its efficiency endangered by a restless
spirit of innovation. But there is scarcely less of error in
an obstinate adherence to established practice and the con-
sequent refusal to modify measures of policy according to
changing times and circumstances, than there is in the spirit
of innovation itself. Both must be guarded against.
Enough has been said to show the opinion of \ our commit-
tee to be, that the rates of postage should be leduced as
much as possible, consistently with the preservation of the.
usefulness and efficiency of the Post Office Department, and
the support of that department by contributions levied
equally upon all who are served by it, according to the
amount of service rendered. Can the reduction proposed
by the bill be made, consistently with these views' We
have seen m the outset that something must be done; that
the revenues of the department are rapidly falling off, and a
lemedy must in some way be found for this alarming evil,
or the very consequences so much dreaded by some, from
the reduction of rates proposed, will inevitably ensue,
namely*, a great curtailment cf the service, or a heavy
charge upon the national treasury for its necessary ex-
penses. It is believed that m consequence of the disfavor
with which the present rateb and other regulations of this
department are viewed, and the open violations of thf laws
before adverted to. not more than, if as much as one-half
the correspondence of the country passes through the mails,
the greater part beipg canied by private hands, or forward-
ed by means ot the recently established private expresses,
who perform the same service, at much less cost to the
writers and recipients of letters, than the national pos>t office.
It seems to the committee to be impossible to believe that
there are but about twenty-four or twenty-seven millions of
letters per year forwarded to distant friends and correspond-
ents in the United States, by a population of about 20,000,-
000 of souls; whilst, at the sam6 time, there are two hun-
dred and four millions and upwards of letters passing an-
nually through the mails of Great Britain and Ireland, with
a population of only about twenty-seven millions of bouls.
"Theie is surely nothing in the relative condition of the
