472
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. J. Brinkerkoff.
H. of Reps.
morialist estimates that fifteen bushels of all kinds
of grain to each inhabitant is a competent supply.
He does not furnish the data upon which his esti-
mate' is founded, or the method through which his
conclusion is drawn; and it has always appeared to
me that his allowance per capita is too small, partic-
ularly if we take into the account the reservation of
seed and the quantities of grain consumed by do-
mestic animals. I have, therefore, in the prosecu-
tion of my object, and to secure the entire confidence
of my own mind in the results, assumed a more lib-
eral supply per capita as the basis of my estimates. I
find that McCulloch, after having examined and con-
sidered all the statistical information within his
reach, estimates the quantity of grain of all kinds,
including peas and beans, reserved for seed and con-
sumed by man and beast in Great Britain, in the
year 1831, at fifty-two million quarters, or four hun-
dred and sixteen million bushels. This estimate—
the population of Great Britain being in that year
16,537,000—would give the rate of twenty-five bush-
els and 'fifteen-hundredths of a bushel to each inhab-
itant of the kingdom. But, with a view to avoid all
possibility of mistake in the main purpose of the ar-
gument, to obviate all objection, and render the cal-
culation entirely safe—and excluding altogether from
the calculation the articles of peas, beans, and rice,
all of which are extensively laised and consumed
among us—I have assumed twenty-six bushels for
each inhabitant to be a competent supply, including
the quantity reserved for seed and domestic animals.
It is known, sir, that nearly all the manufacturing
establishments which the protective policy may be
supposed to have railed into existence,, are confined
to the six New England States, and New York,
New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. Now, sir, the pop-
ulation of these nine manufacturing States require
for their consumption, at the x-ate assumed, 175,188,-
132 bushels of grain. Referring to the agricultural
statistics furnished by the late census, it will be
found that these States, in the aggregate, produce
from their own soil 139,617,322 bushels, leaving a
deficiency of only 36,170,810 bushels, the limit of
the home mai-ket thus afforded to the agricultural
States.
Now, sir, let us exhibit how x-eadily this defi-
ciency may be supplied. The agricultural State of
Ohio, after supplying her own population at twen-
ty-six bushels per person, has a surplus of 26,-
186,550 bushels; Indiana 20,571,006 bushels; making
a surplus of 47,357,556 bushels; which covers the
required amount for the deficiency of the nine man-
ufacturing States before mentioned, and leaves a bal-
ance for a foreign market of 11,186,746 bushels of
grain from tw© States alone! And this balance
must, and will, in some form, find a foreign market;
for domestic or home market there is none, be-
ing already supplied. And here, Mr. Chairman, I
should^ like to know if, after twenty-eight years'
protection to home manufactures, you have failed to
furnish a home market for the surplus; provisions of
two western States, whose agricultural capacities
are but just developing, what length of time will be
required to establish a home market for the rapidly
accumulating surplus, not of those States alone, but
also of Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Missouri; Iowa, and those rolling plains
beyond, almost boundless in extent, incomparable in
fertility, almost literally bursting from the exube-
rance of their vegetative power, inviting the hand
of cultivation, and stretching, in their magnificence
and beauty, far away toward the sunset? The poli-
cy is impracticable. You cannot create an adequate
home market. The great valley of the Mississippi,
incomparably more fertile and extensive. than any
other on the face of the globe, requires th« world
for a market, and no other will be competent to the
consumption of her teeming supplies.
Some gentleman may suppose, Mr. Chairman,
that there" is a deficiency of breadstuff's in the cot-
ton and sugars-rowing regions of the South, to be
provided for, and which will further diminish the
apparent surplus indicated by our calculations. It
is, however, only necessary to recur again to our
agricultural statistics to prove the fallacy of any
such supposition. The whole amount of gram pro-
duced in the United States is 605,555,302 bushels
per annum. We require, for all purposes of con-
sumption, at the rate supposed, 443,805,778 bush-
els, thus leaving for the whole United States a sur-
plus of 101,749,524 bushels; which, at the standard
of 26 bushels per head, is sufficient for the subsist-
ence of an additional population of 6,221,135 peo-
ple ! Yes, sir; notwithstanding all your past legis-
lation, having for its professed object the creation of
a domestic market, there is annually produced in the
United States an excess of breadstuff's over the home
consumption, which lacks but a few bushels of
being sufficient to feed the entire present popula-
tion of New Hampshii-e, Vermont, Rhode Island,
Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New
York, and Pennsylvania. A home mai-ket, indeed!
Where is the requisite number of consumers to
come from? By what process of legerdemain ox-
legislative conjuration are you to create them? Un-
doubtedly you can
"Call spirits from the vasty deep."
But "will they come at your bidding?" Can this
or any other Congress x-epcal those natural-laws
by which alone the progi'ess of population lias al-
ways heretofore been accelerated, together with the
primeval penalty denounced against the transgres-
sion of our first mother, and legislate into existence
over six millions of people to earn, pay for, and
consume our superabundance of bread? And yet,
sir, all this you must do. Nay, more; you must not
only enact into existence over six millions of peo-
ple, but you must make them all manufacturers;
and, in the mean time, prohibit any considerable in-
crease of agricultural production, before you can se-
cure the final triumph of your policy, and furnish
an adequate domestic market for the breadstufis of
this country.
It will perhaps be objected, sir, that we do not,
in point of fact, export an amount of grain equal to
the excess resulting from our calculations. I answer
True, in the form of grain, we do not. Much of it,
before it is sent abroad, assumes a variety of other
shapes. In the year ending September 30, 1842, as
appeai-s from the statement of commerce and navi-
§ation, which were a few days submitted by the
eci-etary of the Ti'easury to this House, there were
exported from the country, to wit:
Wheat of the value of - - - $916,616
Flour  7,375,356
Indian corn - 345,150
Indian meal ... - 617,817
Rye meal - - 124,396
Rye, oats, and other small gram - - 175,082
Biscuit, or ship bi-ead - 323,759
Potatoes ----- 85,844
Apples ----- 32,245
Rice  1,907,387
Beef, tallow, hides, and horned cattle - 1,212,638
Butter and cheese - 388,185
Pork, (pickled,) bacon, lard, and live hogs 2,629,403
Horses and mules ... 299,654
Sheep  38,802
Amounting to a total value of $16,472,424
This was the aggregate of exports of the articles
above enumerated in 1842—exported in spite of the
clogs and shackles thrown upon our export trade by
the high protective tariff enacted during that year.
It is evident, then, from the quantity and value ex-
ported, that the amount of surplus provisions is very
large.
Sir, it is idle to talk of so shaping the course of
your legislation as to call off our people from the
piusuitsof agriculture, and to collect them in your
manufacturing establishments. I hold it to he nei-
ther practicable nor desirable to succeed in such a
policy. What right have you to interfere, by your
legislation, with their industrial pursuits? Wny not
leave them to buy where they can buy lowest, and
sell where they can sell highest, free from legislative
restrictions, except such as a necessity for revenue
may impose? and to choose their own occupations at
their own discretion? Shape your policy as you
will—tax, restrict, and harass as you may—agricul-
ture must continue to be, as it has been, the great
and leading pursuit of our people. The cheapness
of land; its fertility, the vast quantity of unimproved
lands now in market, and the still greater quantity yet
to be brought into market; the independent, health-
ful, and inviting character of the pursuit itself;—
all these circumstances will command and insure its
pre-eminence. Do you expect our farmers to throw
out their fields into commons, and suffer the wild
beasts to resume their reign, in order that they may
betake themselves to manufactures? or that their
sons will cease to open new farms in the forests and
prairies ofthe West, that they may crowd into your
unwholesome, confined, noisy, heated, smoky,
greasy, and stinking factories, to receive wages
from their lordling owners? I hope never to witness
such a change in the occupations of my countrymen.
In every point of view, as moral, physical, and in-
tellectual Ueings, their condition is infinitely - better
as it now is; and taking into consideration the
character and circumstances of our country and her
people, I do not hesitate to declare that a hundred
years of the most despotic legislation imaginable
cannot so-revolutionize-our national industry as to
create a sufficient home market for our agricultural
productions.
And, sir, I take this further position: If you can-
not and do not build up an adequate home market,
whatever small approximation towards it you may
be able to achieve will be of little value to the far-
mer; for the x-eason that the prices of his produce in
the domestic market must always be governed by
its prices m the foreign market. Let me illustrate
this point of our argument. The town in which 1
reside is situated in the interior of Ohio, and contains
a population of some 1500 people, affording a trifling
and inadequate home market to the farmers of the
surrounding country, who, after supplying this home
market, have hundreds of thousands of bushels still
on hand to be disposed of at their foreign market, on
the shore of lake Erie. Now how much, under these
cn'cumstances, can a farmer get for a bushel of wheat
or a barrel of flour in my town? Why, sir, just as
much as it will bring at the lake, deducting the costs
of transportation, and no more. In the same manlier,
so long as our domestic markets remain inadequate,
and we coutmue to be, as for generations to come
we must be, dependent upon a foreign market for
the sale of a large annual surplus, will the prices of
agricultural produce in our domestic markets be
measured and governed by the standard of prices
which the same produce bears in the markets of the
world, and little benefit be derived from their exist-
ence.
Current among the advocates of a high tariff pol-
icy ax-e a variety of catch-words and ad captanctum
phrases, the fallacious and deceitful character of
which deserve exposure. Of these, none are moxe
frequently and perseveringly mouthed than "home
industry," "domestic industry," and the like. Now,
sir, what is domestic, American, or home industry?
In what pursuit, in what interest is the great mass of
our people embarked' In manufactures? Satan
himself might blush to own an assumption so impu-
dent and ridiculous. Sir, I do not intend to deal in
fanciful theories. My business is with facts. Let
us recur to them. By the census returns, I find the
number of persons set dawn as being engaged in
mining, trades, and manufactures, in -the United
States, to be—what would you suppose, Mr. Chair-
man?—several millions'—the great mass of our pop-
ulation? No, sir, no! It is 807,689; while the num-
ber engaged in agriculture is 3,719,951. "Look
upon this picture, and on this." And yet,
in the face of the immense and glaring contrast
which these simple figures present, the representa-
tives of the manufacturing interest ai'e ceaselessly
ringing the changes upon such phrases as "Ameri-
can industry! " Why is this? Does it ai-ise from
consummate ignorance, or from a spirit of unparal-
leled impudence and hypocrisy? But these figures,
strong as is the contrast which they exhibit, present
an aspect really more favorable to the manufacturer
than the truth will warrant. How many persons
are, in fact, protected?—if we must persist in calling
things by their wrong names, and designating that
as protection, which is really a bounty bestowed by
legislative partiality upon a sma]l and insignificant
class of persons, after having been wrung from the
hard earnings of the masses. How many persons
are really protected by your high tariffs; and how far
will their numbers go towards the consumption of
our surplus breadstuff's? Let it not be forgotten that
this number of 807,689 embraces not only those en-
gaged in manufactures, strictly speaking, but also
all engaged in mining and trades. Now, such is the
magical influence of mere words without meaning,
that 1 have been amused by hearing a carpenter and
joiner in my own district talk of the necessity of a
nigh tariff for his protection! as if foreign houses,
barns, and out-buildings were likely to be imported
into the interior of Ohio, and brought into successful
competition with his mechanical pursuit. Yet it is
obvious that there are many branches of mining and
mechanical trades, which, from their character, or the
circumstances under which they are prosecuted, are,
without a high tariff, as far beyond the possibility of
foreign competition, and consequently excluded
from the benefits of protection, as is the agriculturist
himself. Among these, I have, from the census r<-
turns, been enabled to ascertain the number of pei 
sons engaged in the manufacture of
Carriages and wagons;
In flour, grist, saw, and oil mills;
