April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. J. Brinkerhoff.
H. of Reps.
In ship-building, and manufacturing of furniture;
In building brick, stone, and wooden houses;
In printing and binding;
In distilling and brewing;
In manufactures of granite and marble;
In making bi-ieks and lime;
In the quarrying of granite, marble, and other
stone;
In gold mines; and
In mines of lead.
The whole number of these is 246,496 persons—
■which, deducted from the whole of those returned
as engaged m mining, trades, and manufactures,
leaves 551,193. And when yon subtract from these,
as in justice you must, the painter, the common
blacksmith, the saddle and harness maker, the tin-
man, barber, butcher, and baker, whose numbers I
do not find specified in the tables of the census, it is
evident that the sum total of persons whose em-
ployment is at all benefited or protected by a tariff
higher than the revenue standard cannot exceed
500,000; and of these, there is an undue proportion
of women, children, and persons without family.
Here, then, sir, we behold the extent of our home
market. The quantities of provisions which this
half a million of souls, with their family depend-
ants, are capable of consuming (and how much of
this would have existed, without your protective
tariffs, it is impossible to say) is all the home market
which the tariff policy of twenty-eight years has
furnished. How paltry and insignificant is the
number of protected consumers, compared with the
overwhelming masses of taxed producers! This is
the home market for the surplus which millions of
industrious hands are extracting from a virgin soil!
This is the consideration for which you ask us to
consent to be taxed—unnecessarily taxed—taxed to
the verge of prohibition—on almost everything we
buy of the necessaries, conveniences, and comforts
of life, and such luxuries as our circumstances will
justify.
In order, Mr. Chairman, still further to demon-
strate the utter futility of the notion of a home mar-
ket, there is one remaining view of the subject
■which I desire briefly to present. Certain gentlemen
entertain great horror at the idea of direct federal taxa-
tion. 1 am not aware that such a mode of raising reve-
nue has any advocates on this floor; and, for my-
self, I am certainly as much opposed to it as any
other gentleman can be. I am m favor of a system
of indirect taxation at a rate sufficient to defray the
expenses of an economical administration of gov-
ernment—in short, of a tariff for revenue. But,
sir, suppose you push your policy of protection to
such an extent as to render direct taxation necessa-
ry; suppose you carry it forward to the point of
prohibition, and so pile impost upon impost, and so
guard your coasts and frontiers against smuggling
as totally to exclude every article of foreign produc-
tion now imported from abroad, and paying duty; and
suppose you call into existence at home manufac-
turers enough to supply all the dificiences thus
created by the entire absence of dutiable imports;
or, in other words, suppose we have realized the
beau ideal of the advocates of the protective policy;
that we produce, within ourselves, everything we
consume, and have no import trade and no neces-
sity for it: what additional number of manufacturers
would be requisite to the fulfilment of the supposi-
tion? And what would be the extent of the home
market they would afford? The value of foreign
products, paying duty, imported into this country
during the year ending September 30, 1842, as ap-
peals from the statement of the Secretary of the
Treasury, was $69,634,631. The census statistics
exhibit that the average annual value of the prod-
ucts of each person engaged in manufactures, is
about three hundred dollars, or a little less than one
dollar per day, exclusive of Sundays. Now, sir, at
the rate of three hundred dollars per annum for
each person, the production of the whole of our du-
tiable imports would require but 232,115 persons;
and these, added to the half million of protected
manufacturers already in being, would give us less
than eight hundred thousand persons whose con-
sumption is to constitute the home market for the
productions of more than three millions of persons
engaged in agriculture!
From this simple calculation, it is perfectly con-
clusive that should we succeed ill establishing manu-
factures to an extent sufficient for a full supply of
our people, and to the total exclusion of all foreign
products, still we shall have failed—utterty failed—
to build up anything approaching an adequate home
market for the overplus of our bread stuffs and pro-
visions. It is worthy of note, by way of digres
sion, that such of late has been the progress of the
mechanic arts—such the improvements in machine-
ry, and so extended the application of steam and
water power to manufacturing purposes, that, in
comparison with former times, but a small number
of human hands are necessary to the production of
vast amounts of manufactured articles. And do
steam-engines and water-mills eat wheat? Do they
require floj^r and bacon on which to subsist? But
do you expect to go further than this? Do you
expect to succeed in manufacturing not only a
full supply for our own country, but for exporta-
tion abroad? If so, we will suppose you to have at-
tained even that last and ultimate object of the pro-
tective policy. And what, sir, have you gained?
You have gained just nothing at all. You have
travelled around a circle, and ended where you be-
gan. You set out with the fallacy that dependence
in a foreign market' was an evil to be gotten, rid of;
and, laboring to get rid of it, have ended in finding
yourself as dependent on a foreign market now for
the sale of your manufactures, as you were in the
outset for the disposal of your agricultual produce.
So far from having gained anything by the experi-
ment, you have lost incalculably. You have lost
the advantages of free and untrammelled labor at
home; you have lost the benefits of an unrestricted
commerce with the world at large; and, by arbitrary
and invidious legislation, you have driven your peo-
ple from the pursuits most congenial to their tastes,
best suited to their circumstances, most conducive to
their happiness and independence, to those which
tend to a slavish reliance and moral degeneracy;
and all this for the aggrandizement of a few lordlings
of the loom.
I have already remarked, Mr. Chairman, that the
people of the district which I have the honor to rep-
resent are almost exclusively agricultural. I pre-
sume, sir, that of the eighty-one thousand com-
posing that district, there are not five hundred per-
sons—certainly not one thousand—exclusive of me-
chanics, who derive no benefit, but rather an injury,
from a high tariff, engaged, strictly speaking, in
manufactures. What is true of my district, is gen-
erally true of the whole West, and of the whole
country. The number of persons employed in
manufactures, compared with the great masses de-
voted to other pursuits, is so small as to be utterly
insignificant. Small and insignificant as they aiem
numbers, however, I would certainly protect them.
But I would protect them as their fellow-citizens are
protected. 1 would protect them m the choice of
their occupation, and in its pursuit, and in the en-
joyment of the rewards of their skill and ind ustry.
I would protect them in life, liberty, and property;
in fine, sir, I would imprison, or hang, if necessary,
the offender who invaded then- sanctuary, to steal,
to rob, to "molest them, or make them afraid."
Let the law, Us protection, remedies, and penalties,
be open to them as it is to others. But when they
ask me, by a system of partial legislation, to increase
their profits and prices, and to render tributary to
their interests tlie other great and preponderating in-
terests of the country, I rnust withhold my assent.
As the farmer was at liberty to choose his occupa-
tion, so were they at liberty to choose theirs. Each
of them consulted his tastes and interests respec-
tively, in the choice which he did make; and if
either is now dissatisfied with his occupation, he is
at equal liberty to change it. ft is the duty of gov-
ernment to render even-handed justice to all its citi-
zens; but when it attempts to do more than this for
any one class, it necessarily invades the resources
of some other class, in order to effect it.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, I apprehend, estab-
lished, beyond the reach of successful opposition,
the truth of the position with which I set out—that
the idea of an adequate home market for our agri-
cultural products is an impossibility and an ab-
surdity. If so, 1 have succeeded in demolishing the
great argument on which the policy of a rigid tariff'
is defended, not only with the farmers of the West,
but of the whole Union. If, however, while en-
gaged in this wild-goose chase, after an object
perfectly unattainable, you did us no substantial in-
jury, but have left us in a condition as favorable as
we could otherwise have occupied, no man would
be disposed, in reason, to complain. But, sir, this is
not the case, most unfortunately. Your policy has
not only failed to furnish us an ample home market,
but it has actually diminished the extent and value
of our foreign market, as I shall now proceed to
show. And such has plainly been the effect of the
tariff act of 1842, -which is now a law of the land,
During the year ending the 30th September1,. 1841
—the yearimmediately preceding the enactmentof the
present tariff—our exports of farming produce
amounted to the sum of 16,737,462 dollars. For the
year ending 30th September, 1842, during tie last
month of which the present tariff was in operation, as
I have already shown, they amounted to 16,472,434
dollars—being a reduction upon the export^ of the
preceding year of 265,038 dollars. If, however,
the exports of 1843, the whole of which year was
covered by the present tariff, should exhibit a reSue-
tioa no greater than this, it might perhaps . be ex-
plained ^away—attributed to fortuitous and tempo-
rary causes, and leave us without apprehensions of
serious or permanent disadvantages. But what, sir,
is the fact in this particular? The register of the
treasury has just placed in my hands a statement of
the exports of agricultural staples for the year en<}-
ing 30th September, 1843, embracing the same items
before enumerated; and they amount to an aggre-
gate of only 14,716,963 dollars. The falling off is
enormous, amounting to 2,020,499 dollars, or little
less than one.eighth of the whole. Gentlemen on
the other side of this question, conscious that there
is no sound and philosophical theory of political
economy on which their hypothesis can be sustain-
ed, and are loud in their professions of attachment
to facts. I now invite their consideration to these
facts; and appeal to the authority of the simple
statistical statements which I have produced. They
afford to our farmers a melancholy prospect; .but
they are eloquent in the delineation of the injustice
of the appropriately termed "black tariff" of the
last Congress. Yes, sir; not only has all your past
protective tariff legislation failed to secure us an
adequate home market; not only is your entire pol-
icy m that respect demonstrably a delusion—a bold
and shameless cheat,—but, by a single year of pro-
tection to American industry, you have cut down
our foreign market nearly one-eighth of its former
extent, or to an amount of more than two millions
of dollars! And yet we are told of the benign ope-
ration of the tariff of 1842, and the paramount ad-
vantages of the protective system!
"The earth hath bubbles, as the water hath;
And these are of them."
No, sir: bubbles are empty,' alike of evil as of"
good. These vaunted benefits may be more appro-
priately compared to those arising from the fabled
alliance between the sheep and the wolves—
benefits to one of the parties to the compact alone,
and resulting only from the destruction of the other.
Sir, I have not time, and will not fatigue the atten-
tion of the committee with any attempt at a full and
detailed elucidation of the manner in which a high
tariff operates to cut off and destroy a foreign mar-
ket. 1 shall but briefly advert to the reasons in-
volved in this result.
Every tariff having protection for its object, must,
of necessity, be prohibitory in its operation. That
the present tariff is so, is evident from the remarka-
ble falling off in the imports during the first and
only year of its existence. Indeed, its framers
would have failed in their primary object, if it were
otherwise. Their aim and interest are to prohibit
the introduction of foreign goods, and thus to com-
pel the people to buy at higher prices of the do-
mestic manufacturer. Now, this being premised,
it is obvious that, if we do not buy of the foreigner,
what he has to sell, he cannot buy of us the produce
of our fanners, which we have to sell. If we re-
fuse an exchange of commodities with him, we can-
not sell to him; because, by that very refusal, we
debar him the means of purchasing, and compel him
to trade elsewhere. This is one mode in which the
tariff of protection operates to the closing of our
foreign market. Another is—and for the idea of it
J am happy to acknowledge my indebtedness to that
excellent paper, which 1 regard as the best model
of correct journalism extant in this country, the
New York Evening Post—it is found in the in-
creased cost of transporting our products to a foreign
market, on account of the inability of our vessels to
procure return cargoes. Every gentleman will at
once perceive that our shipping must be deprived of
return cargoes just in the ratio of the reduction of
imports from an exhorbitant tariff; and that, if com-
pelled to return home empty, or in ballast, the entire
expense an,d profit of the whole voyage, both going
and returning, must be charged on the out-going
freight—thus doubling the cost of transportation,
diminishing the price at which the dealer can afford
to purchase the article at home, or enhancing that at
which, in order to secure himself, ho is obliged to
