460
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
notice to the general implicated, to supervise and investi-
gate iiis official conduct in 1836. The committee, he sup-
posed, had assumed no such jurisdiction, and had not underta-
ken any such investigation. He believed that the conduct of
Scott aijd others had been investigated by a proper tribunal
organized for that special object. It was due to Lieutenant
Bragg to remove the inference that he had become a witness
touching occurrences of which, from his position, he could
have no personal knowledge. It was dae to General Scott
to remove the impression that he was now under arraign-
ment before a committee of this House on account of nis
official conduct in Florida 111 1836. It was due alike to all
concerned, as well members as others, to correct misappre-
hensions which may produce piejudice in the public mind,
and thus cause injustice. He was satisfied that there had
been no intention to produce the misapprehensions and in-
justice to which he alluded. He coula not doubt that his
inend from Ohio, [Mr. Weller,] would cheerfully explain
what occurred in the House, and correct the misreport of
Jus remarks, and the misapprehension of the Globe.
He would have referred to this matter on yesterday, but
when his attention had been first arrested by looking into
the Globe, the House had gone into Committee of the Whole,
and his friend from Ohio [Mr. Wkller] was in the chair.
On the rising of the committee, the House adjourned so
quickly that he had no opportunity of referring to the sub-
ject.
Mr. WELLER said as lie had been called oh by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] to explain what he
had said on yesterday, he had no hesitation in repeating his
remarks. He had no information upon the subject alluded
to, except what he devived from the resolution when it was
read at the bar. When he discovered that Lieutenant
Bragg who was here on an unexpired furlough, had been
peremptorily ordered by the major general to his post, after
it w«s known that he was desired as a witness befoic
the Committee on Public Expenditures, in relation to the
Florida war, it struck him as a singular transaction, which
needed some explanation or investigation. "When the resolu-
tion was objected to, he moved to suspend the rules, in order
to receive the resolution; and remarked that perhaps the
conduct of the major general in the Florida campaign was to
be investigated; and it so, the movement was a verj singular
one. His friend from New York, [Mr. Clinton,] who had
moved the resolution, immediately rose and corrected him,
by declaiing that the committee was not engaged m inves-
tigating the conduct of the major general. He therefore
stood corrected. He had no intention to cast any imputa-
tions upon the conduct ol the commander-in-chief, or the
adjutant general; for all he knew of the facts he gathered
Irom the resolution. He thought it was due to the House,
that the matter should be investigated, and he s ill thought
60.
Mr ADAMS said he wished to take this opportunity of
saying that he voted ior the resolution yesterday with
greatVeluctance He voted for it, because he was favora-
ble to the inquiry, and there being an immediate call for the
previous question, he was precluded from offering an amend-
ment, by which what he considered an unnecessary and
improper imputation might be stricken out. The implica-
l ion that Lieutenant Bragg Jhad been induccd to go away
tor fear of incurring the displeasure of General Scott, m
case he gave evidence before the committee, was a gratuitous
and unjust imputation, without having any evidence to rest
upon.
Mr. CLINTON lose to explain the reason why the reso-
lution referred to was ofteied by him to the House; and
stated that it was not founded solely upon an attend<ince of
Lieut. Bragg before the Committee on Public Expenditures,
of which '.Mr. C. is chairman. That committee has under
examination befoie them, by a reference of this House made
in the early part of the session, the expenditures of a naval
expedition to the coast of Florida, under the command of
Lieut. McLaughlin, and haung been informed that Lieut,
ttragg had soived a long tune in the Florida war, {w hich he
u^certained to be the fact fiom a personal interview with
Lieut Bmgg.) he. upon a consultation with the committee,
was (imu.Uni by them to summon Lieut. Bragg as a witness
bt'iore them, for the purpose of receiving fiom him geo-
graphical, topographical, and other infoimation respecting
that country, which the committee deemed essential to
facilitate their inquiries That he, in pursuance ol such
(laeeiion and authority, made out a summons for Lieut
Bragg, but did not ha\ c the same then served upon him, be-
c,du-.e the committee had not aimed at a point where the)
wished the information the) expected to obtain from him.
If'-, (\fr. (',) however, tnfoimed Lieut .Bragg of his having
be"ii dnected to summon him, and imparted the infoimation
they vspected to obtain from him, requesting him not to
leave i'ie city without lotting him (Mr C)know; with
which .oque.st he promised to comply.
Mr. C. repeated that the information expected to be re-
ceived from Lieutenant Biagg had no leference to any ex-
penditures nt an) army expedition, or any grade or officer
of the arm). But Mr. C. said that he had been informed by
members ot this House on the Committee of Retrenchment,
th >t lieutenant Bragg was rn attendance before them while
the leduction of the pay of the aimy was under their con-
sideration Many members of this House knew there was
a great stu mddo"by officeis of the army upon that subject.
Mr C. had understood, from members! of that committee,
that the} had under consideration the disparity of the pay
or compensation ol staff and line officers of the anny. It
was at this time Lieutenant Bragg called upon Mi. C., and
infoimed him that he had received another oider from the
commander-in-chief, directing him foithwith to return to
his post, and showed him the order. This order, upon its
f.e'e, showed that it was founded upon a supposition that
Lieutenant Bragg was here m attendance upon Congress,
to represent the particular interests of his regiment or
grade. Mr. C. then showed Lieutenant Bragg a summons
that had sometime before been made for him, and requested
him to admit service of it, stating that he would write to
the adjutant general, informing him that his attendance w as
required before the Committee on Public Expenditures, and
for what purpose. This was done, and. immediately after
Mr. C. had been informed of the arrest of Lieutenant Bragg,
he prepared and offered the resolution before mentioned,
v. hich (particularly the part considered by some objectiona-
ble) had reference to Lieutenant Bragg'e attendance on thy
Committee on Retrenchment, and information which he
there had given, or might give.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved that the rules be suspended,
in order to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CLINCH inquired whether the papers referred to by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Clinton] had been re-
ceived by the Speaker; and if so, he desiied that they might
be read. General Scott was ready to meet his enemies ei-
ther in or out of the House. He had met them eut of the
House, and was prepared to meet them in it. His friends
opposed the resolution on principle, not because they
thought his character would be endangered by an investi-
gation.
The SPEAKER replied to the gentleman's- inquiry, that
he believed the papers had not been sent down; he observed
upon the table but one communication from the War De-
partment, and that did not relate to this subject.
Mr. VANCE said he believed a motion had been made to
suspend the rules, to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER observed that the business first m order
was a motion made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schkvck] yesterday, to suspend the rules, in order to take
up the resolution fixing the day of adjournment.
Mr. DICKENSON called for the yeas and nays upon that
motion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether that resolution did
not stand in the regular order of business upon the Speak-
er's table.
The SPEAKER replied affirmatively.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he saw no reason why it should
be singled out.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being taken, re-
sulted as follows—) eas 80, nays 64.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Bidlack, Brengle, Milton Brown, William J. Brown,
Buffington, Cary, Carroll, Clinch, Chngmau, Collamer,
Cranston, Cullom, Dana, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dunlap, Ellis, Ficklin, Foot, Byram
Green, Hamlin, Haidiu, Harper. Henley, Hubbell, Hudson,
Hughes, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
solf, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King,
Daniel P. King, Labranche, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J.
Morris, Morse, Moseley, Ncs, Newton, Norris, Parmenter,
Patterson, Peyton, David S. Reid, Reding, Ritter, Rock-
well, Rogers, Russell, Sample, Schenck, Sentei, David L.
Seymour, Slidell, CaleV B. Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart,
John Stewart, Strong, Summers, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, Wheaton, White, and Jo-
seph A. Wright,—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Benton, James A. Black, Black-
well, Bower, Bowlin, Jacob Brinkerhoft, Brodhead, Aaron
V. Bfrown, Burke, Burt, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Chappell,
Clinton, Cobb, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Dromgoole, Far-
lee, French, Hale, Haralson, Herrick, Houston, Hubard,
Ja/nes B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Kennedy,
Kirkpatrick, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maclay, McClel-
land, McOlernond McConnell, MeDowell, Joseph Morris,
Owen, Payne, Pettit, Emery D Potter, Purdy, Relfe, Rhett,
Roberts, Robinson, Saunders, Thos. H. Seymour, Simons,
Simpson, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stiles, Stone, Sykes,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wcntworth, Williams, and
Woodward—64.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the rules were,
not suspended.
The SPEAKER said that the Inst business in order was
reports fiom committees, which were lying over under the
rules.
STATISTICS.
The resolution from the Committee on Statistics, to print
o,000 extra copies of the leport of that committee was
taken up
Mr. COBB explained, as an additional leason for printing
the extra copies, that one thousand ol them which had been
ordeied by the chairman of the committee on his private ac-
count, had be oil received at the House, and by mistake dis-
tubuted among the members. Mr. C. added that the report
was a veiv able and interesting one, displaying great labor
and research, and contained the most valuable information,
which would be veiy acceptable to the people
Mr. S -V.UNDERS moved to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. SAMPLE moved to amend the resolution u) striking
out ft,000 and inserting "one thousand, to be- restored to the
chaiitnan of the committee
This amendment having been agreed to, the resolution,
as amended, was adopted
ILLEGAL TREASURY NOTES.
The House then took up the resolution to print 10.000
extra copies of the report of the Committee of Wa) sand
Means, and the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury ac-
companying the joint resolution on the subject of treasury
notes.
Mr. McCLERNARD called for the previous question;
which being seconded, and the main question ordered, the
main question on the adoption of the resolution was taken
by yeas and nays, and earned—) eas 89,nays 67 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack, James A.
Black, Bower, Bowlin, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, William J.
Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Cary, Catlin, Chappell, Clinton,
Cobb, Coles, Dana, Daniel, Darrah, Richard D. Davis, John
W. Davis, Dean, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee. Fickhn,
French, Byram Gieen, Hale, Hamlin, Haralson, Herrick,
Hoge, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes. Hungerford,
James B. Hunt, Charles J. IngersolJ, Jameson, Cave John-
son, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King. Kirkpatiick, La-
branche, Leonard. Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maclay,
McClelland, McCleruand, McConnell, McDowell, Joseph
Morris, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Emery D. Potter,
Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter,
Roberts, Robinson, St John, Saunders, David L. Seymour,
Slidell, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentworth, Williams, Wood-
ward, and Joseph A. Wright—89.
NAYS—Messrs Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Blackwell, Brengle, Milton Brown, Buffington,
Burt, Carroll, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Cul-
lom, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dvllet, Dickcy, Dickinson,
Foot, Giddings, Willis Green, Hardin, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King-,
Mcllvaine, Marsh,Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Newton, Patterson, Pettit, Peyton, Ramsey, Rockwell, Rod-
ney, Rogers, Russell, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
Thomas H.Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Ca-
leb B. Smith, Spence, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart,
Summers, Tilden, Tyler, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wetheied,
Wheaton, White, and Winthrop—67.
On motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, 2,o00 extra copies of
the report, presented yesterday from the Committee on Re-
trenchment, on the subject ol a reduction of the pay of the
officers of the navy, were ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the next business to be the
call of committees for reports, and the following were pre-
sented:
Mr. RAMSEY, fiom the Committee of Claims, made a re-
port upon the petition of Drucilla Giesey, widow of Valen-
tine Giesey, accompanied by a bill for her relief; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, from the same committee, mode
a repoit upon the petition of Lund Washington, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr VANCE,
Oi dered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of John Anderson and
Jesse Anderson, and .that it be refeuedto the Committee ou
Public Lands.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Commerce, le-
ported bills with the following titles:
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the schooner
Pnvado.
A bill for the leliefof the acting owner and crew of the
fishing %chooiiei Two Brothers.
A bill for the relief of John H. Russell and others.
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the schooner
Dove, accompanied by a report 111 each case.
These bills were severally read twice, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. PRESTON KING, from the Committee on Commerce*
made an adverse report upon the petition of Benjamin
Evans; which report was laid ou the table.
Mr. P. KING, irom the same committee, made a report
upon thej subject of the appointment of an assistant collect-
or at Brooklyn, in New York, accompanied by a bill to pio-
vide for the appointment of an assistant collcctor at
Brooklyn, in the district of New York; which bill was read
twice, and committed to the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union.
Mr. JAMESON, from the Committee on the Public Lands,
reported bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill foi the relief of Francis Yoast and John P. Rogers
A bill granting to the Territory of Wisconsin a certain
tract of land for the benefit of the tow 11 of Fair Play in &aid
Territory.
A bill granting a scction of land for the improvement of
Grma river, at the town of Potosi, m Wisconsin Territory;
which bills were severally read a first and second time, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. JAMESON,
0} dered} That the Committee on Public Lands fee dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial
from the legislature of Iowa, relative to pre-emption rights,
and that it be committed to a Committee of the Whole
House.
On motion of Mr. JAMESON,
Ordered, That the Committee 011 Public Lands be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of citizens of
Huiun, Ohio, for the distribution of the public lands to 11011
freeholder"!; andofWrlliam Shalerand ycbulon Pan, fordid
in boring for salt; and that,the said petitions do lie on the
tabic.
On motion of Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public lands be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition for the re-
moval of the suiveyor general's office from Cincinnati to
Lawrenceburg, Indiana; and that said petition do lie on the
table.
Mr. HUBARD, fiom the same committee, to which the
the subject was referred by resolution of the House of the
15th of Januaiy last, reported a bill to amend the act, en-
titled "An act granting to the counties or parishes of each
State and Territory of the United States, in which the pub-
lic lands are situated, the right of pre-emption to quarter
sections of land for seats of justice withm the same, ap-
proved 26th , 1&24; which bill was read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House 011 the state
of the Union.
Mr. McCLELLAND gave notice that 011 Thursday next,
he should call up the bill for the improvement of the wester 11
waters.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged Irom the consideration of the petition of John Pat-
terson for indemnity for the amount ol a judgment against
him as marshal.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee 011 the Post Office and
Post Roads, repoited a bill amending the laws relating to
the Post Office Depaitrnent; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to a Committee ol the Whole House
on the state oi the Union.
Mr. C-1VE JOHNSON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the joint resolution diiectmg
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay over certain sums of
money under the Cherokee treat) , made an unlavorable re-
port thereon.
Oi dered, That the said resolution be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the I.'nion
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to
which was referred the bill for the relief of Harvey Heth,
made a report thereon in writing: *eferi%l to   Committee
of the Whole House.
