474
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
sell abroad; and, in either event, preventing the pos-
sibility of profits, and destroying the trade.
The third and last mode which I shall mention,
is found in the tendency of every high tariff enact-
ment to provoke retaliation and countervailing du-
ties, on the part of neighboring nations and prov-
• inces; and of this I have an illustration which will
come home to the business and bosoms of almost
every man in the northwest.
It is perhaps not generally known to gentlemen on
this floor, that within the last ten years an important
trade in breadstuff's had grown up between Great
Britain, through her Canadian provinces, and the
States bordering on the Great Western lakes. This
trade was mutually beneficial—affording a market
for oar products on the one hand, employment to Brit-
ish shipping on the other; and does not seem to have
attracted either from our statesman or the govern-
ment, the attention which its value deserved. The
present high tory British ministry came into power
upon the avowed principle of opposition to the
liberal adjustment of the British corn laws contem-
plated by their opponents. Yet such was the force
of public opinion, of circumstances, and the appalling
cry for bread, which arose from the starving mil-
lions in every part of the kingdom, that they were
compelled to adopt to some extent the policy of their
adversaries, and greatly to reduce the duties previ-
ously levied upon such necessaries of life as consti-
tute the principal articles of western export. Ac-
cording to an article in the last number of the Mer-
chant's Magazine, and which seems to have been
contributed oy a zealous advocate of the protective
policy, the new British tariff reduced the duties—
On bacon, from 100 per cent, to 50 per cent.
On beef, from 100 percent, to 67 per cent.
On Indian corn, from 67 per cent, to 33i per cent.
On flour, from 85 per cent, to 331 per cent.
On lard, from 28 per cent, to 7 per cent.
On pork, from 51 per cent, to 34 per cent.
On wheat, from 80 per cent, to 32 per cent.
Butter remaining unaltered at 36 per cent., and
cheese at 45 per cent.; being a reduction of duty on
the foregoing articles from an average of about G5
per cent, to an average of about 37 per cent. How
was this advance towards the adoption by Great
Britain of a more liberal system of trade met and
responded to on the part of the American Congress'
Was it met in the same liberal spirit by which it
was dictated, and responded to in such a manner as
to encourage the advocates of free trade in that
' country? No, sir; it was almost immediately fol-
lowed by the "black tariff" of 1842, by which the
duties on the nine leading articles of English pro-
duction and western consumption were raised from
20 per cent, to an average of 55f per cent., viz:
woollens 40, flannels 40, cottons 50, iron 77, win-
dow glass 75, salt 61, glass tumblers 98, earthen waic
and cutlery 3,0 per cent. The results of this illiberal
and repulsive legislation on our part has been, that
the imperial government has approved the act of the
provincial Parliament levying a duty of nine cents
per bushel on American wheat; and, as the grand
result of all these causes combined, we have seen
the annihilation of nearly one-half our export trade
through the Canadas, as will appear from the fol-
lowing statement, furnished by the Register of the
Treasury:
For the year ending 30th September, 1842, the
exports of wheat and flour to the Canadas amount-
ed in value to $2,672,920
In the following year, to - - 1,564,479
Showing a decrease of
§1,108,441
But this is not all. According to the report of the
Auditor of State, communicated to the general as-
sembly of Ohio at the commencement of its late ses-
sion, there was, during the last year, a decrease in
the tolls collected on the Ohio canal of more than
fifty thousand dollars; all of which, in my opinion,
he very justly attributes to the diminution of freights
destined to Canada—to the destruction of our Cana-
dian market, consequent on the injurious tariff im-
positions of the American Congress. Behold, then,
the beauties of your tai iff of protection! You can-
not create the requisite home market. It is impos-
sible. You might as well attempt to bail out the
waters of Lake Erie with a hand bucket. In a sin-
gle year you have diminished the foreign market for
farming products generally, by more than two mil-
lions of dollars; token away from the farmers of the
northwest a market through Canada for more than
one million of dollars' worth of their wheat and flour;
originated a necessity for fifty thousand dollars ad-
JLnnexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
ditional taxation on the farmers of Ohio to supply
the deficiency in their canal tolls; and all this for the
glorious privilege of buying of Pennsylvania iron- -
mongers and New England manufacturers such arti-
cles as, but- for your tariff, we could buy much
cheaper abroad!
I am aWare, Mr. Chairman, that gentlemen
on the other side will dispute the correctness
of this last conclusion. I am aware that, in the
face of the fact that the late Congres^was literally
besieged by manufacturers begging for the enact-
ment of the present tariff' law—in spite of the self-
evident proposition, that unless a tariff does operate
to raise prices above (not necessarily above what
they were before, but above) what they would have
been without it, then its enactment can be of no pos-
sible benefit to the manufacturer himself—it will still
be denied that a tariff does have the effect to raise or
keep up prices. The absurdity of this denial has,
however, been so fully demonstrated by gentlemen
who have preceded me in this debate, that I will
barely allude to the question for the purpose of in-
troducing an illustration derived from occurrences in
my own neighborhood.
A portion of the people of my district, Mr. Chair-
man, are engaged, with others, in the construction
of a railroad from the interior town in which I re-
side, to Sandusky city, on Lake Erie, with a view
to facilitate the transportation of their produce to the
lake markets. A number of them—some of whom
are highly respectable men and very good high tariff
whigs—have forwarded to me their petitions pray-
ing the passage of a law authorizing the importation
of iron for their railroad free of duty. Railroad
iron is an article manufactured to some extent in
this country; and now, if it be true, that high duties
do not make high prices, why do I find the names
of my whig friends on these petitions? Why do
they ask the remission of the 'duty? Or, rather, if
they have the "faith of a gram of mustard seed" in
the paradoxical dogma of their party, that "high
duties make cheap goods," why do they not reverse
the prayer of the petitions, and ask that the duty be
increased instead of being reduced or extinguished?
Why, sir, I will tell you the reason why. When
men act as men of business, they are very apt to act
like men of sense; but when they act and talk as
politicians, they seem too often to disregard all the
principles of common sense.
Mr. Biulack, of Pennsylvania, (Mr. Brikkeu-
iioff yielding the floor,) inquired if the gentleman
was willing to go for the provisions of the bill on
this point, making a distinction between the duties
on railroad iron, and the duty on iron of the same'
manufacture for other purposes?
Sir, (said Mr. Brinkeiuioff,) it has been for a
long time the policy of this government to admit
railroad iron free of duty; and of the benefits of this
policy the old, settled, and wealthy East has tally-
availed itself; and I can see no reason why the pol-
icy should suddenly be discontinued, now that the
West is just beginning to find herself able to claim a
share of its advantages. As for the bill now under
consideration, I do not, by any means, consider it
entirely perfect. Could I have my way, I would
reduce, still further than this bill proposes to do, the
duties on sugar and iron generally. I shall, how-
ever, shape my course in regard to the amendments
which may be offered to the bill, with a view to
render it as nearly perfect as possible; and if, finally,
I shall be compelled to choose between this bill and
the present tariff law, I Will alike cheerfully and
fearlessly give my vote for the former.
But I object to the tariff of 1842, not only on ac-
count of the high rate of duties which it imposes
generally, but still more on account of its cruel and
abominably unjust discriminations between such ar-
ticles as are mostly consumed by the rich, and those
which enter into the consumption of the poor. I am
no advocate for a horizontal tantf: I know of no man
who is. For purposes of revenue, you must dis-
criminate. It is admitted on all hands that a com-
paratively low rate of duty must be levied on such
articles as combine very little bulk with very great
value: otherwise, in spite of all the vigilance your
custom-house establishment can exercise, they will
be smuggled into the country, and contribute nothing
to revenue. But, giving ample scope to the opera-
tions of this admitted principle, I contend that the
present tariff, the last remaining monument of the
late triumphant whig ascendency in this Capitol, is
full <if odious discriminations m favor of the rich
and the ''well born," and against the poor. The
correctness of this assumption may be so presented
as to be perceptible at a glance. For this purpose,
I append, in parallel columns, the following official
statement of the .rates of duty levied On the articles
enumerated; and close by asking for it the candid
consideration of my countrymen:
^•33 -j
* f.
71 EC
S« £
i&o
3
a.* *
-iO o
2
g a
- £
11 =
* 3 5
r, (ft
£3
« g.
o
w. B §
3 3
' S i
-a <c w
2 >£'22
KG
3g-
sr-d
S 2
c 3
'.SB*
) C ii S
f 8 & W
3 -> ST. 2
5 M O  
TlOO
if *
> ™ 8? w   2 o
5 e g*? **
; ™ §.
Ls-Sg 5'
d S §■£.= g.
5 S7-0 a. ©
"rss a
F®- * o
o,£-'2'H
©
>
a.
3
£
&
t
a
a c
2:
*0 2
cr.,2-
o 3
B era
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
SPEFCH OF ME. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
hi Senate, Thursday, Saturday, and Monday, J\hy
Wht ISih, and 20th, 1844.—In secret session on
the treaty for the annexation of Texas to the
United States.
The treaty for the annexation of the republic of
Texas to the United States being taken up for con-
sideration, Mr. BENTON expressed a desire to dis-
cuss the question upon the resolutions which he had
submitted in relation thereto on the 13th instant;
whereupon the consideration of the treaty was post-
poned for that purpose. The resolutions were then
read, as follows:
"Resolved, That the ratification of the treaty lor the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States would be an adoption of
the Texian war with Mexico by the United States, siul
would devolve its conduct and conclusion upon the said
United States.
"Resolved, That the treaty -making powei docs not extend
to the power of making war and that the President and Sen-
ate have no right to make war, either by declaration or
adoption.
"Resolved. That the country dismembered from the United
States by the treaty ot 1819 with Spain, comprehending
Texas and a large territory between the Red river and the
Arkansas, and being geographically appurtenant to the
United States, and essential to their political, commercial
and social system, oifiiiT 'i r> be reunited to the Amencai
Union as soon as it can be done with the consent of a ma
jonty of the people of the United States and of Texas, ant
when Mexico '.hull either consent to the same, or acknou 1
edge the independence of Texas, or cease to prosecute th<
war a-rainst her (the armistice having expired) on a scal<
counnensuiate to the conquest ol the country.'5
Mr. Bexton said he considered the discussion o
the resolutions as the most appropriate mode of dis
cussing the treaty- The two first would be decisive
of its fate, if adopted, and would show the reasoi
for its rejection: the third one would show tin
grounds on which the old and uniform friends to th<
recovery of Texan, and the rest of the dismemberec
territory, would act in getting back that large am
fair portion of Louisiana, so wantonly throw:
away by the inexplicable treaty of 1819.
Preliminary to the right discussion of the treat}
is an inquiry into the treaty itself—an inquiry inti
its contents—in order to see what the treaty is—
