476
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
May, 1844*
Senate.
covery whenever it can be made without the crime ^
andinfamy: of unjust war. I—the first denouncer 1
of the treaty of 1819—the first advocate for the
recovery of Texas—the consistent, uniform, and
disinterested advocate for this recovery: I 'go for it
when it can be accomplished without crime and in-
famy, as declared in-the third resolution which I
have submitted; and I wash my hands of all at«
tempts to dismember the Mexican republic by seiz-
ing her dominions in New Mexico, Chihuahua,
Coahuila, and Tamaulipas.
The treaty, in all that relates to the boundary of
the Rio Grande, is an act of unparalleled outrage on
Mexico. It is the siezure of two thousand miles of
her territory without a word of explanation with her,
and by virtue of a treaty with Texas, to which she
is no party. Our Secretary of State, in his letter to
the United States charge in Mexico, and seven days
after the treaty was signed, and after the Mexican
minister had withdrawn from our seat of govern-
ment, shows full well that he was conscious of the
enormity of this outrage; knew it was war; and prof-
fered volunteer apologies to avert the consequences
which he knew he had provoked. These passages
from the letter establish these facts:
4'A treaty for the annexation of Texas to the United States
has been signed by the plenipotentiaries of the two govern-
ments, and will be sent by the President to the Senate for its
appproval.
'■in making the fact known to the Mexican government,
the President enjoins it on you to give it, in the first place,
the strongest assurance that, in adopting: this vieasui t, our gov
eminent is actuated by no feelings of disrespect or indifference
to the honor or dignity of Mexico, and that it would be a subjcct
of great regret if it should be otherwise regarded by its govern-
ment. And, in the next place, that the step was forced on
the government of ttte United States, in self-defence, in con-
sequence of the policy adopted by Great Britain in reference
to the abolition of slavery in Texas. It was impossible for
the United States to witness with indifference the efforts of
Great Britain to abolish slaveiy there. They could not but
see that she had the means in her power, in the actual con-
dition of Texas, to accomplish the objects of her policy, un-
less prevented by the most efficient measures; and that, if
accomplished, it would lead to a state of things dangerous in
the extreme to the adjacent States, and the Union itself. See-
ing this, this government has been compelled, by the neces-
sity of the case, and a regard to its constitutional obliga-
tions, to take the step it has, as the only certain and effectu-
al means of preventing it It has taken it in full view of all
possible consequences, but not without a dtsit e+and hope that a
full and fair disclosure of the causes which induced, it to do so
would prevent the disturbance oj the harmony subsisting be-
tween the two countries, which the United Stales is anxious to
preserve.
•'You are enjoined, also, by the President, to assure, the
Mexican government that it is his desire to settle all ques-
tions between the two countries which may %/ow out of this trea-
ty, or any other cause, on the most liberal and satisfactory
terms, including that of boundary; and with that new the min-
ister xeho has been lecently appointed will he shortly sent with
adequate poweis.
"ifou will finally assure the government of Mexico that
the government of the United States would have been hap-
py, if circumstances, had peimittod it, to act in concurience
with that of Mexico in taking the step it has; but, with all its
respect for Mexico, and anxious desire that the two coun-
tries should continue on friendly te> ms, it could not make
•what it believed might involve the safety of the Union itself
depend on the contingency of obtaining the previous consent
oj Mexico. But while it could not, with a due regard to the
safety of the Union, do that, it has taken every precaution
to make the terms of the treaty as little objectionable to Mex-
ico as possible; and, among others, hat left the boundary of
Texas without specification, so that what the line oj boundary
should be might be an open question, to be fairly and fully
discussed and settled according to the rights of each, and the
mutual interests and security of the two countries''
This letter admits, in its whole deprecatory tone,
and in its multiplied volunteer apologies, the deep
wrong done Mexico, and the violation of the treaty
of peace which it involves. It as good as declares
that the treaty of annexation has been made in full
view of war! for the terms "full view of all possible
consequences," coupled with expressions of regret
for the offence it may give Mexico, and a hope and
desire that it may not disturb the harmony subsist-
ing between the two countries, can signify nothing
else! The letter also admits that there are ques-
tions to grow out of this treaty, and that bound-
ary is one of these questions, and promises
to send a minister to settle them on satis-
factory terms. What could prompt this volunteer
admission except a consciousness that the bound-
aries of Mexico had been violated? and that the Rio
del Norte boundary is the one intended, it being the
only coterminous boundary between Mexico and
Texas? The letter also admits the want of the con-
currence of Mexico in making this treaty—the want
of her previous consent—the objcctionableness of
the treaty to her—her rights in future discussions in
relation to this boundary: and it commits an error
of fact when it treats this boundary as unfixed by
this treaty, and left an open question for future ar-
rangement. The boundary is fixed, as much so as
the most elaborate specification could make it. A
law of the Texian Congress fixes the boundaries.
It defines the boundaries of the Republic of Texas.
The terms of this law, even without the map and
the memoir, and the terms of the first article of
treaty, ceding all the territories of the Republic, are
decisive of the fact. All passes, or none! for the
Republic is a unit, and we cannot divide it! All pass-
es, or none. But the fact is, the whole passes, with
the precise boundaries named in the law} and,'there-
fore, the letter of the Secretary of - State commits an
error of fact in representing this Mexican boundary
as an open question. It is not open, bu,t closed by
the treaty, to remain closed, if the Senate ratifies it,
until opened by war or future treaty.
The President, in his special message of Wednes-
day last, informs us that we have acquired a title to
the ceded territories by his signature to the treaty,
wanting only the action of the Senate to perfect it;
and that, m the mean time, he will protect it from in-
vasion, and for that purpose has detached all the
disposable portions of thearmy and navy to tliescene
of action. This is a caper about equal to the mad
freaks with which the unfortunate emperor Paul, of
Russia, was accustomed to astonish Europe about
forty years ago. By this declaration the thirty
thousand Mexicans in the left half of the valley of
the Rio del Norte are our citizens, and standing, in
the language of the President's message, in a hos-
tile attitude towards us, and subject to tie repelled
as invaders. Taos, the seat of the custom-house,
where our caravans enter their goods, is ours: Santa
F€, the capital of New Mexico, is ours: Governor
Armijo is our governor, and subject to be tried for
treason if he does not submit to us: twenty Mexi-
can towns and villages are ours; and their peaceful
inhabitants, cultivating their fields and tending
their flocks, are suddenly converted, by a stroke of
the President's pen, into American citizens, or
American rebels. This is too bad: and, instead of
making themselves party to its enormities, as the
President invites them to do,I think rather that it is the
duty of the Senate to wash its hands of all this part
of the transaction by a special disapprobation. The
Senate is the constitutional adviser of the President,
and has the right, if not the duty, to give him advicc
when the occasion requires it. I therefore propose,
as an additional resolution, appliable to the Rio del
Norte boundary only—the one which I will read
and send to the Secretary's table—and on which, at
the proper time, I shall ask the vote of the Senate.
This is the resolution:
"Resolved, That the incorporation of the left hank of the
ltio del Norte into the American Union, by wrtuu of a treaty
with Texas, comprehending, as the said incoiporation
would do, a part ofthe Mexican departments of New Mexi-
co, Chihuahua, Coahuila, and Tamaulipas, would be an
act of direct aggression on Mexioo;forall the consequences
of which the United States would stand responsible."
Having shown the effect of the treaty on the Rio
Grande frontier, Mr. B. took up the treaty itself,
under ali its aspects and in its whole extent, and
assumed four positions in relation to it; namely:
1. That the ratification of the treaty would be, of
itself, war between the United States and Mexico.
2. That it would be unjust war.
3. That it would be war unconstitutionally made.
4. That it would be war upon a weak and ground-
less pretext.
My first position, said Mr. B., requires the es-
tablishment of a preliminary point, which is, thdt
war now exists between Texas and Mexico. This
point I can easily establish, but must first dispose
of an argument which savours more of crimination
than of justification, and which we hear inconti-
nently repeated both in this chamber and out of it.
This argument, if argument it can be called, as-
sumes that the belligerent relations of Spain and
Mexico were the same at the times when Presidents
Adams and Jackson undertook to acquire Texas,
that those of Texas and Mexico are at this time,
when Mr. Tyler's administration is endeavoring to
acquire Texas from Texas herself. If true, this
argument would only amount to matter of crimina-
tion upon the individuals, if any such, who might
'have favored the, acquisition at one time, and op-
posed it at another, under the same circumstances.
As matter of personal reproach, such crimination
might do on the stump, if true! but would not do
in the Senate, where a sense of right and wrong
can alone determine the votes of members. But it
is not true! and therefore cannot be rightfully used,
even on the stump, much less in the Senate. The
cases are not similar, and no inconsistency attaches
to the conduct of any one. The belligerent attitude
of Spain towards Mexico was altogether different
and inferior in 1825 and 1899, to what that of
Mexico is towards Texas now; and no analogy can
be traced between them.
To make this clear it is^ necessary. to refresh our
minds with some recollections of the Mexican revo-
lution, a subject on which the manner in which it
has been referred to would suppose a great igno-
rance on the part of the speakers. I know that
many look at the events of Jguala, in February,
1821, as the beginning of the revolution. Nonsense,
Mr. President! that.event was the end of the revolu-
tion which had commenced eleven years before. It
began on the 15th day of September, in the year
1810, and in the manner which had been foretold by
General (then Lieutenant) Pike four years before:
11 began with the lower orders of the hierarchy—
with the native clergy, all condemned to wear out
their lives in curacies, while the princely endow-
ments of the great dioceses were bestowed upon
exotics imported from old Spain. The revolution
began in this class—the native and the lower clergy:
and never did popular movement have a more mark- '
ed, a more imposing, a more grand, or a more
auspicious commencement. It bursted at once,
without premonition, like a blazing comet, on the
view ofthe world. It was on Sunday, the 15th of
September, 1810, that the curate Hidalgo', in the
village of Dolores, in the province of Guanauxauto,
at the close ofthe celebration of the high mass, and
after having preached a sermon in favor of Inde-
pendence, issued from the door of his* parish
church, the crucifix in his hand, the standard
of revolt borne before him, and calling* up-
on the children of Mexico to follow him.
And never, since the day& of Peter the hermit,
was a call so answered- The congregation fol-
lowed: the village followed: the parish followed:
and, marching forward, whole populations rose and
followed. Cities, towns, provinces, followed the
crucifix of the curate; and, crushing all resistance,
a mass of 70,000 men appeared on the hills .which
overlook the city of Montezuma, and which, since
the days of Cortes, had never beheld an army with
banners. The brave curate, with that instinct of
geueraiship which knows when to leave old rules
behind, was for instant attack; and if he had done
so, in three hours the city was his, and the revolu-
tion at an end: but a fatal delay of three days was
allowed. Treason had penetrated his camp. The
viceroy had sent traitors to whisper in every ear the
impossibility of the undertaking—that the priest
was no general, and would be whipped—that he -
could not take the city—and that himself and follow-
ers would all be ruined. Bribes followed; and'trea-
son and corruption dissolved in three days the pa-
triotic army wnich no force could resist, and which
was on the point of giving libeity and independence
to its country. But the revolution did not stop.
The brave curate carried it on till he was killed,
and statues have been erected to his memory.
Other leaders appeared. The patriots kept the field,
or rather the mountains; and at the end of eleven
years the events of Iguala put an end to the contest.
It had been a struggle, not between the mother
country and th*colony, but between different classes
of the Mexican population—the native against the
European. These two classes, in the persons of
their chiefs, united at Iguala, joined their arms to-
gether, proclaimed the independence of their coun-
try; and from that day, (21st ofFebruary, 1821,) the
revolution was terminated, the independent govern-
ment was established, and the power of Spain had
ceased forever.
The Plan of Iguala, of which Ilurbule was the
hero, was the work of united Mexicans. It was the
union of Mexicans in the cause of independence,
and both declared and established independence. It
was a great act m itself, putting an pnd to the revo-
lution of Mexico; but was speedily followed by an-
other act putting the seal upon it. This was the
tieaty of Cordova, concluded on the 24th of Au-
gust of the same year, in which the extinction of
Spanish power in Mexico, and the establishment of
its independence, was formally and fully acknowl-
edged by the Spanish Kind's representative in the
vice royalty of Mexico. There is a Spanish copy
of this important act in our Congress library, but,
in the has to of the moment, I have not been able to
find it: I only find a copy in French. 1 find it in
the appendix to the memoires of the some-time em-
peror Iturbide, among the vouchers which the
French call pieces iuslificalives. I will read it off ift
English:
