May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
TREATY OF CORDOVA.
"Tieaty concluded in the city of Cordova, the 34th of Au-
gust, 1831, between Don John O'Donojou, lieutenant gen-
eral of the armies of Spain, and Don Augustin de Iturhide,
first chief of the imperial Mexican armies of the three
guaranties.
"New Spain having declared herself independent of the
mother country, possessing an army to sustain this declara-
tion, in favor of which the provinces have pronounced them-
selves; the capital where the legitimate authority had been
established, being besieged; the cities of Vera Cruz and of
Acapulco alone remaining to the government, but without
garrisons and without the means ol resisting a regular siege
of any duration, (mais sans garin'sons et sans moyens de resister
a un siege en regie de quelque duree;) thk Liku iksani Gene-
r*.i„ Don John O'Donoiou, arrived at the first-named of these
ports with the titles and qualities of-captain general and first
political chief of the kingdom, whereof he has been invest-
ed by his Catholic Majesty, desiring to avert the evils
which fall necessarily upon the people in the changes of
this nature, and to reconcile the interest of the Old with
that of the New Spain, invites the fir.st chief of the impe-
rial army, Don Auoustin Iturbidf, to an interview, in or-
der to discuss the great question of inddpendencf, and to
untie, without breaking them, the cords which unite the
two countries. This inteiview took place in the city of
Cordova, (New Spain,) on the 24th of August, 18-31; and the
former, in the character with which he was ii*vestedtandthe
latter as representing the Mexican empire, having long con-
ferred on the interests of each of the nations, and taken in-
to consideration their present condition and the recent
events, agree to the following articles, which they sign in
duplicate, each of the two parties preserving an original,
for the greater safety and validity of their stipulations "
"Article I. THIS PART OF AMERICA SHAI L "RE
ACKNOWLEDGED AS A SOVEREIGN AND INDE-
PENDENT STATE, AND HENCEFORTH SHALL iJE
CALLED THE EMPiRE OF MEXICO."
This, Mr. President, is the inducement to the
treaty, and contains all that I want. It is the offi-
cial acknowledgment, by the King's representative, of
the extinction of Spanish power in Mexico, and the
first article of the acknowledged independence of the
country. The acknowledgment of independence
was valuable as coming from the King's representa-
tive; but, far above that in point of value, was the
acknowledgment of the extinction of Spanish pow-
er in'Mexico, and the existence of her independence
in fact. The first article uf the treaty declaring the
recognition of Mexican independence, was disavow-
ed at Madrid in the year following; but the great
fact of the incapacity of Spain to hold, or recover the
country, remained undisputed and indisputable; and
that fact received full confirmation from the actual
condition of Spain—her King, Ferdinand the Sev-
enth, so far from being able to conquer nn empire
four thousand miles distant, being in fact unable to
sit alone on his own throne, and under the necessity
to cali on a foreign army to hold him upon it. The
Duke d'Angoulgme then occupied Spam with some
hundred thousand French troops, stretched from ths
Pyrenees to Cadiz; and all to save to Ferdinand hie
Spanish throne. The idea of Spanish reconquest 01"
Mexico entered no mortal's head. The deliverance of
the country was complete, and Europe and America
acted upon the knowledge of the fact. Spanish pride,
as in the case of Holland, deferred the acknowledg-
ment of independence; but that made no difference.
Colombia, and other South American republics, have
not been acknowledged by Spain to this day: Mex-
ico was not acknowledged till lately, and then solely
on account of Havana, which had ceased to be the en-
trepot of European and Mexican trade. To recover
a share in this trade, Spain yielded to the entreaties
and menaces of the authorities of Cuba, and acknow-
ledged the independence of Mexico, and thereby re-
stored the trade between Havana and Vera Cruz
and other Mexican ports. But for thie reason the
independence of Mexico would not have been ad-
mitted until this day. All the world knew this, and
all powers treated Mexico M fully independent from
the year 1821—the year of -ths two great events of
Iguda and Cordova\ Mr. Adams's and General Jack-
son's administrations acted like the rest of she world.
Fifteen years Gf revolution had continued, a mete
civil war between the people of Mexico without in-
terference from Spain, when Mr. Adams offered to
treat for Texas: nineteen years the same revolution
had continued when General Jackson offered to treat
for the same province. Now, Mr. Tyler says the
Texian revolution has continued eight years, «nd it
are time to disregard it. Surely, if eight years
is sufficient, then fifteen and nineteen were
still more so. On the mere comparison of time,
then, this argument of crimination, or recrim-
ination, is adequately answered. But more re-
mains to be said. The existing war between Mexi-
co is admitted by the parties themselves: by the
United States, by England and France, by all the
world; and cannot be gainsaid, or denied by us for
pjie purpose, while admitting and affirming it for
another. There is such a thing as an estoppel in
morals as well as in law; and our President is as
much estopped in morality and honor from de-
nying the war between Mexico and Texas at
present, as he would be in fact if his mouth was
gagged and his throat was plugged. A man, says
Blackstone, is always estopped hy his own deed,
and not permitted to aver or prove anything con-
trary to what he has once solemnly and deliberately
avowed. Wow, what has President Tyler solemnly'
and deliberately declared in this case? Hear him,
in his last annual message. When engaged in the ac-
tual business of treating for Texas, he repeatedly
affirms the existence of this war—declares that it
has not approach ed to any definitive result—avers that
Mexico perseveres m her plans of reconquest—de-
plores the continuance of the war—expresses his
anxiety to witness its termination—and then, dog-
matically pronounces it is time this war had ceased.
Hear him!
"The war which has existed for so long a time between
Mexico and Texas has. since the battle of San Jacinto, con-
sisted for the most part of predatory incursions, which,
while they have been attended with much of suffering to
individuals, and have kept the borders of the two countries
in a state of constant alarm, have failed to approach to any
definitive result. Mexico has fitted out no formidable arma-
ment by land or bv sea for the subjugation of Texas. Eight
years have now elapsed since Texas declared her indepen-
dence of Mexico, and during that time she has been recog-
nised as a sovereign power by several of the principal civil-
17ed States. Mexico, nevertheless, perseveres in her plans
of rico'iguest) and refuses to recognise her independence.
"In full view of all these considerations, the executive
has not hesitated to express to the government of Mexico
how deeply it deprecated a continuance of the irar, and
how anxiously it desired to witness its let ruination. I can-
not but think that it becomes the United States, as the oldest
of the American republics, to hold a language to Mexico
upon this subject of an unambiguous character. It is time
thai this war had ceased."
This was said by our President to the two Houses
of Congress, and to the civilized world, at the com-
mencement of the present session, and while en-
gaged in actual negotiations for the annexation of
Texas to our Union. It does not lie in his mouth,
therefore, to deny the war at that time. The other
party to the treaty—the republic of Texas—had been
not only equally explicit, but far more full and elab-
orate in her declarations of the existence of the
same war, and had applied to the United States, to
Great Britain, and to France, to interpose for its
termination, or for the amelioration of its character,
so as to have it conducted in future according to the
usages of civilized warfare. Here are copious ex-
tracts from the tetter of Mr. Van Zandt, one of the
Texian negotiators of this treaty, to our Secretary
of State, Mr. Webster, to that effect. It is dated in
this city, in December, 1842:
' The undersigned, charge d'affaires of the republic of
Texas, (under the instructions of his government.) begs
leave to submit for your consideration a subject of general
concern to c]vili7/3d nations, but of pecuhannterestto Tex-
as, vi/: the chaructir of the war at present waged against Tea as
by Mexico.
"The civili7ed and Christian world are interested m the
unimpaired preserv dtion of those rules of international in-
tercourse, both in peace and war, which have received
impress of wisdom anil humanity, and been strengthened
through a long course Qi time by the practice and approval
of the most enlightened of modern States. To these rules,
m their application to the pending difficulties between Tex-
as and Mexico, your attention is respectful!) incited.
''In siew of the character of hostilities at pie&ent waged
by Mexico and Texas, and of those principles which it is
believed have been s>o frequently and flagrantly violated by
Mexico, the hope is confidently indulged by my government
that the dnect interference of nations mutually friendly
will be pxerted to arrest a species of warfare unbecoming
the age m which we live, and disgraceful to any people
professing to be civilized.
"War, in its most generous and noble aspect, is accom-
panied by great calamities. Nations are seldom benefited
by it, anf'l it must be productive of great individual suffer-
ing. But when wdiyuluals and nations are exasperated by
repeated wrongs, even cruelty may be rendered tolerable,
when it is used as retaliation for mjyri*;s Jong endured. The
massacres and cruelties which have bc-en inflicted upon
Trixgs sincc the commencement of the revolution have
been responded to by a generous forbearance. But that for-
bearance cannot expected much longer to exist.
"Such being the Uitwucterof hostile operations against
Texa«, 011 the part of our enr-m^, vhieh being plainly vio-
lative of every principle of civilized, Christian, or honora-
ble xvarjait, pad at the same time so little caicjilated to
achieve the professed object of the war—the reconquest of
Texa5*—he President confidently hopes the government, of
the United States will feel aot only justified but even colled
upon to interpose its high authority t,c arrest this course of
proceeding, and to require of Mexico either Uie recognition
of the independence of Texas, or to make war upon'her ac-
cording ttf thk rvhs established and unueisally recognised by
civilized nations.
"If Mexico believes herself able to resubjugate Texas,
her right to make the effort trill not'be denied; on the contra-
ry, if she chooses tu invade our territory with that purpose,
the President, in the name of the people of all Texas, will
bid her welcome. It is not against a war with Mexico thai
Texas would protest. This she deprecates not. She is
ling at any time to stake her existence as a nation • upon ihe
issue of a war conducted upon Christian principles. .
"Having thus yielded the opportunity or retaliating upon
our enemy for the many injuries we nad received at tneii*
hands, less reluctance is felt in making this representation,
and invoking the interposition of the United States to put ah
end to a mode of warfare at once disgraceful to the age, so
evil in its consequences to civil society, so revolting to eve-
ry precept of the Christian religion, and shocking to every
sentiment of humanity. N
All this admits the war, and the right of Mexico
to carry it on. All it asks is, that the laws of civi-
lized warfare may govern the contest.
Our Secretary, Mr. Webster, in the name of the
President, responded to this appeal; and on the
31st of January, 1843, thus addressed Mr. Thomp-
son, our minister in Mexico, in compliance with
the request of the Texan charge (J'affaires: ;
"Sir: I transmit a copy of two notes addressed to this de-
partment by the charge d'affaires of Texas. The first, da-
ted the 14th ultimo, requests the interposition of this gov-
ernment for the pucpose of inducing that of the Mexican re-
public to abstain from carrying on the ' war against-Texas,
by means of predatory incursions, in which the proclama-
tions and promises of the Mexican commanders are flagrant-
ly violated, non-combatants seized and detained as prison-
ers of war, and private property used and destroyed. This
department entirely concurs in the opinion of Mr. Van
Zandt, that practices such as these are not justifiable or
sanctioned by the modern law of nations. You will take oc-
casion to converse with the Mexican Secretary, in a friend-
ly manner, and represent to him how greatly it would con
tribute to tho advantage as well as the honor of Mexico, to
abstain'altogether from predatory incursions and other sim
liar modes ol warfare. Mexico has an undoubtedright to resub-
jugate Texas, if she can, so far as other States are concerned,
by the common and lawful means of war. But oth-
er States are interested—and especially the United
States, a near neighbor to both parties, are in-
terested not only in the restoration of peace be-
tween them, but also in the manner in which the war shall
be conducted, if it shall continue. These suggestions may
suffice for what you are requested to say, amicably and
kindly to the Mexican Secretary, at present; but I may add,
for your information, that it is in the contemplation of this
government to remonstrate in a more formal manner with
Mexico, at a period not far distant, unless she shall consent to
make peace xvilh Texas, or shall show the disposition and ability
to prosecute the war with respectable forces.
"The second note of Mr. Van Zandt is dated the 24th in-
stant, and relates to the mediation of the United States fee
the purpose of effecting a recognition by Mexico of the in-
dependence of Texas."
This note is not only a full admission of the fact of
existing war, but of tne right of Mexico to resubju-
gate Texas if she c0ul$. This is a great admission
m this case: it acknowledges the moral right (for no
other right can be'intendea of Mexico) to recover her
revolted province; and consequently aclmits the culpa-
bility of the treaty which would withdraw Texas from
the danger of this resubjugation, and place her un-
der the shelter and protection of the United States.
Mr. Thompson replied to this letter under date of
M^rch, 14, 1843, and stated that he had attempted
to execute the instructions of our government, but
tfrat the Mexican Secretary becajne excited, and rer
fused to hear any thing on the subject. The letter
is important under another aspect, as showing that
our minister was made to state an untruth to the
Mexican government, provided the project of annexa-
tion of Texas was then entertained, in giving the assu-
rances of a neutrality wholly incompatible with that,
project of annexation This is his letter;
"In obedience to your Instructions, I then aljtufted, la tji£
most friendly and respectful term's, to the character of the
war now going on between Mexico and Texas, and tol$
him that, waist our governnunt wa_s determined to observe the
strictest 7ieuh aliti/ in that -war, it felt that it was its duty to
remonstrate, in tne most respectful manner, with both gov-
ernments against the predatory foi-ays, really not war,
which werenojv made by both Mexico and Texas, and to
urgfl upun both the abandonment of such a system, the only
consequences of which were individual suffering and calam-
ity. He replied (very much excited) that Mexico- did not
regard Texas as an independent power, but as a rebellious
province; and that prisoners taken were not entitled to any
of the privileges of prisoners of war, but that they were
rebels, and would be so tieated; and that no suggestions on
the subject from other governments would he received or
listened to."
But this is not all. , Another letter from Mr. Van-
zandt to i^lr. Webster, dated January 24, 1843, in-
forms him that Texas hftd applied to Great Britain
to offer her mediation to procure peacp bptween
Mexico and Texas, which the British government
had accordingly offered, and Mexico had rejected /
The Texian .charge then applied for the triple medi-
ation conjoint^ offered by the three powers—Great
Britain, .Prance, and the United fetates.^fo^ fk&
object, which had ended in nothing. Finally, the me?
diation of Great Britain obtained an armistice, of
which the United States had official knowledge',
both from the Texian government, and the British
government, under whose auspices it was establish-
ed, and which has not yet expired, and cannot ex«
