478
appendix to the congressional globe.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
pire until the stipulated notice is given. This armis-
tice is the most imposing piece of evidence in the
case; and utterly estops both, the United States and
Texas from denying a state of war which this con-
vention, one of the most sacred known to the law of
nations, admits to exist between the two countries.
Here is the admission of this great fact in the letter
of Mr. Upshur, of the 8th of August, 1843, to the
American chargS in Texas:
"No communication has been received from you at this
department since that which enclosed President Houston's
proclamation of an armistice concluded with Mexico."
The copy of this armistice, and of President
Houston's proclamation, has since been calledfor by
the Senate, and furnished by the President. It is
conclusive of all the facts for which it was called—
namely, the admission of a state of war between the
parties, and its temporary suspension by agreement
with a view to establish peace. This is the only
point of view in which the armistice becomes material
to this argument. It is said no peace has been made
under it—that no commissioners even have been ap-
pointed to treat under it. Granted! and so much
the worse for those who deny the state of war; for
the failure to make peace is the forerunner to a re-
sumption of hostilities. A final proof of war,
I maintain, is in the fact that Mexico holds 2,000
miles of Texian frontier in her hands, Tyhich no
Texian force has approached—witness the expedi-
tions to Mier and Santa Fe—without being killed or
taken to the last man. In these multiplied facts, the
proof is found both of the actual existence of war
between Mexico and Texas, and the total dissimi-
larity between the cases of Mexico and Texas now,
and that of Mexico and Spain in 1825 and 1829.
The present so'einn admissions of war—appeals to
other powers for their mediation.—the armistice en-
tered into—and the 2,000 miles of frontier held by
Mexico;—all this discriminates the case of Texas
and Mexico from that of Mexico and Spain, and
contrasts strongly with the proud position of Mexico
at Iguala, and at Cordova, where her independence,
and capacity to maintain her independence, were ad-
mitted by the King's representative, and the ex-
tinction of Spanish power in Mexico officially pro-
claimed.
After this, it is not for the United States or Texas
to deny the existence of the war between Mexico
and Texas, or to endeavor to assimilate the present
condition of those countries with that of Spain and
Mexico in 1825 and 1829.
I now proceed a step further, and rise a step high-
er, Mr. President, in unveiling the designs and de-
veloping the conduct of our administration in this
hot and secret pursuit after Texas. It is my busi-
ness now to show that war with Mexico is a design
and an object with it from the beginning, and that
the treaty-making power was to be used for that
purpose. - I know the responsibility of a senator—
I mean his responsibility to the moral sense of his
country and the world—in attributing so grave a
culpability to this administration. I know the whole
extent of this responsibility, and shall therefore be
careful to proceed upon safe and solid ground. I
shall say nothing but upon proof—upon the proof
furnished by the President himself—and ask for my
opinions no credence beyond the strict letter of
t'lese proofs. For this purpose I have recourse to
the messages and correspondence which the Presi-
dent has sent us, and begin with the message of
the 22d of April—rthe one which communicated the
treaty to the Senate. That message, after a strange
and ominous declaration that no sinister means have
been used—no intrigue set on foot—to procure the
consent of Texas to the annexation, goes on to say:
"It cannot be denied that Tom'- is greotly depressed in lier
energies liy her long-protracted war with Mexico. Under
these circumstances, it is but natural that she should seek
for safety and repose under the protection of some stronger
power; and it is equally so that her people should turn to
the United States, the'land of their birth, in the first in-
stance, in pursuit of such protection She has ottcnliefoie
made knuwn her wishes, but her advances have, to this
time, been repelled, '1 he executive of th'1 rmted States
sees no longer any cause for pursuing such a course
This paragraph is explicit of the designs of the
President, and his reasons for what he intends.
Texas is depressed, and depressed by her lone;-
protracted war with Mexico: natural that she should
seek for safety and repose, and seek it under the
protection of some stronger power: natural that she
should look to the United States for such protection:
heradvanc.es repelled heretofore: the President sees
no reason to repel her again. All this is emphatic,
gf the President's design to protect Texas by re-
ceiving her into our Union, and thereby adopting
her war with Mexico, and making it our own.
And, next, I refer to Mr. Upshur's letter to Mr.
Murphy, the United States charge in Texas, of the
16th of January last, and present these passages,
speaking as he does by the command of the Presi-
dent:
"Texas has, for seme time past, "been in a condition to
need the aid and protection of some stronger power. She
ought not to have doubted that the sympathies of this coun-
try were altogether with her; but the want of power in the
government has pi e\ ented it from doing anything cltectual
in her favor v
"So far as this government is concerned, it has every de-
sire to come to the aid of Texas, in the most prompt and
effectual manner. How far we shall be supported by the
people, I regret to say, is somewhat doubtful."
"If is already well known in Texas that the President has
used every means in his power to mitigate the horrors of the
war waged by Mexico against that country. In his last mes-
sage he uses the most emphatic language on that subject.
He declares that it is time the war had ceased, and thus, in
effect, announces his own purpose to put an end to it by any
means which he can constitutionally command. He has no
means, except such as he derives from the treaty-making
power. These he now offers to exert, and has thus given to
Texas a pledz? of his friendly interest whioh it is impossible
for her to doubt. This conduct on the part of this govern-
ment is far more worthy of confidence than any professions,
however vehemently preferred.
"The pending negotiation with Mexico ought not to pre-
sent any difficulty, unless Texas is prepared to go back again
under the dominion of that power. As it is certain she will
not consent,to this, under any possible circumstances, the
result of that negotiation cannot affect unfavorably the
proposition of annexation to this country. IfMexico should
acknowledge the independence of Texas, then Texas will
have an undispuUd right to dispose of herself as she pleases:
and if Mexico shall refuse that acknowledgment, Texas will
the more need the protection which the United States now
offers. She can lequire nothing more, in this last event,
than that the United States shall take upon themselves the
adjustment ofher difficulties with Mexico.
I make no comments on these, pregnant para-
graphs, not because the gentleman who penned
them is no more; (and certainly no living being has
more reason than myself to feel for his fate, and for
the awful catastrophe which took his life, and in the
midst of which I was: J it is not for this reason that I
do not comment upon tnem, for these correspondences
of the Secretaries are not theirs, but the President's.
They write by bis command, and all they say is
his. It is because the passages quoted are beyond
comment. They are open and explicit. They go
to the point as fully and as plainly as I could write
it down. They adopt the lexian war with Mexi-
co—adopt it by treaty—and assume its future
conduct and conclusion.
I proceed to another piece of evidence to the same
effect—namely, the letter of the present Secretary
of State to Mr. Benjamin Green, our chargS
at Mexico, under date of the 19th of April past.
The letter has been already referred to, and will be
only read now in the sentence which declares that
the treaty has been made in the full view of war!
for that alone can be the meaning of this sentence:
"It has taken the step (to wit. the step of making the trea-
ty) in full view of all possible consequences, but not with-
out a desire and a hope that a full and fair disclosure of the
causes which induced it to do so would prevent the disturb-
ance of the harmony subsisting between the two countries,
which the United States is anxious to preserve."
This is part of the despatch which communicates
to Mexico the fact of the conclusion of the treaty of
annexation—that treaty, the conclusion of which the
formal and reiterated declarations of the Mexican
government informed our administration dming its
negotiation, would be war. I will quote one of
these declarations, the last one made by General
Almonte, the Mexican minister, and in reply to the
letter of our Secretary who considered the previous
declarations as threats. General Almonte disclaims
the idea of a f/imd—repeats his asseveration that it is
a notice only, and that in a case in which it war; the
right and the duty of Mexico to give the notice which
would apprise us of the consequences of carrying
the treaty of annexation to a conclusion. The letter
says:
"in conclusion, the undersigned considers it bis duty to
repeat to the Secretary of State, m order that he nia\ he
pleased to communicate it to his excellency the President,
that neither he nor his ^o\ ernment have intended, and that
it should not have lu'en •• ujipced that they would l ,\c in-
tended, to east imputation upon the legislative body, and
much to admonish the executive os to it* duties His
desire? have tended solely to the maintenance of the peace
and harmony which ought to subsist "between two n >'gh-
boring and friendly nations, and though the undersigned
has declared, by express order of his government, that war
will bo tbJ inevitable consequence ol the annexation of
Texas to the Urited States, he rertainh has not done so
with the object of intimidating the government of the hon-
orable Secretary of State, biit with the view of showing
how far Mexico would carry her resistance to an annexa-
tion of that nature. And, in truth, the honorable Secretary
of State should not regard this as any other than a very
natural feeling; as it is most clear- that if Mexico or any other
power should attempt to appropriate to herself a portion of
the territory of the United States, the latter would not con-
sent to it without first appealing to arms, whatsoever might
be the result to which the fortune of war might subject
them."
The consequence of the annexation here an-
nounced by General Almonte, is the one of whioh
Mr. Calhoun had a full view when he wrote the let-
ter of the 19th, and that consequence was war!
After receiving this notification from the Mexican
minister, the letter of our present Secretary, of the
19th instant, just quoted, directing our charge to in-
form the Mexican government of the conclusion of
the treaty of annexation, must be considered as an
official notification to Mexico that the war has begun!
and so indeed it has! and as much to our astonishment
as to that of the Mexicans! Who among us can
ever forget the sensations produced in this chamber,
on Wednesday last, when the marching and the
sailing orders were read! and still more, when the
message was read which had set the army and navy
in motion!
These orders and the message, after having been
read in this chamber, were sent to the printer, and
have not yet returned: 1 can only refer to them as
I heard them read, and from a brief extract which
I took of the message, and must refer to others to
do them justice. From all that I could hear, the
war is begun; and begun by orders issued "by the
President before the treaty was communicated to the
Senate! We are informed of a squadron, and an
army of "observation," sent to the Mexican port3,
and Mexican frontier, with orders to watch, remon-
strate, and report, and to communicate with Presi-
dent Houston! Now, what is an army of observa-
tion, but an army in the field for war? It is an
army whose name is known, and whose character
is defined, and which is incident to war alone.
It is to watch the ENEMY! and can never
be made to watch a FRIEND' Friends cannot be
watched by armed men, either individually or na-
tionally, without open enmity. Let an armed man
take a position before your door, show himself to
your family, watch your movements, and remon-
strate with you, and report upon you, if he judged
your movements equivocal: let him do this, and
what is it but an act of hostility and of outrage
which every feeling of the heart, and every law of
God and man, require you to resent and repulse?
This would be the case with a-m'ere individual; still
more with nations, and when squadrons and armies
are the watchers and remonstrants. Let 'Great
Britain send an army and navy to lie in wait upon
our frontiers, and before our cities, and then see
what a cry of war would be raised in our country.
The same of Mexico. She must feel herself out-
raged and attacked; she must feel our treaties bro-
ken; all our citizens within her dominions alien
enemies; their commerce to be instantly ruined, and
themselves expelled from the country. This must
be our condition, unless the Senate (or Congress)
saves the country. We are at war with Mexico
now; and the message which covers the marching
and sailing orders is still more extraordinary than
hey. The message assumes the republic of Texas
to be part of the American Union by the mere
signature of the treaty, and to remain so until tha
treaty is rejected, if rejected at all; and, in the mean
time, the President is to use thearmy and the navy to
protect the acquired country from invasion, like any
part of the existing Union, and to treat as hostile
all adverse possessors or intruders. According to
this, besides what may happen at Vera Grit?, Tnm-
pieo, M.itamoros, and other ports, and besides what
may happen on the AonUei's of Texas proper, tlie
Mexican popu'ation in New Mexi.-o, ai.d Governor
Ar.nijo, or in his absence the governor ad interim,
Don Mariano Chaves, may find themselves pursued
as rebels and traitois to the United States! But let
us read the message: let the extract Yihicb I have
taken speak for itself:
IlAt the fan1,!1 time, it
clarc it ;
trei
qn.res only the action of the Senate, to perfect it, no o*.h( r
power ccuid bo permitted to invade. and, by force of arras,
to possess itself of any portion of the teiritory of Texas
pe.n.lnig your deliberations upon the treaty, u ithout placing
itse.If m ahostile attitude to the I:!iited Suites, ami juetif;.
in^ the employment of&my nuhtan means at our dispof'ai
to drive back the invasion
Nothing remains to be said on this pregnant docu-
ment. It goes beyond any thing that my imagina-
tion had conceived. I "had drawn a resolution,
the second of the three now before the Senate, de>
h thie to myself, that I should de-
clare it fs ir.v opinion, thoj the Unitc.l States havraii' 1 y the
.restj of annexation acquired a title to Texas, \vhioh re-
