May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
fctiring it beyond the power of the President and
Senate together to make war: I denied their joint
right to do this by a treaty duly ratified; but here it
is to be done—in fact is done—by a treaty only
signed, and not even communicated to the Senate!
and this war to continue until the Senate rejects the
treaty. To add to all this madness, if there can be
any addition to it, the treaty was withheld from the
Senate for a week after it was concluded, and then a
promise was sought and obtained by our Secretary
of State from our chairman of foreign relations, Mr.
Archer, not to let this treaty be taken up in the
Senate until forty days after it was communicated
to the Senate. The chairman gave the promise; the
Senate refused to confirm it; and thus we have got
at a knowledge of the existing State of things.
Without taking up the treaty we should have known
nothing of this army and navy of observation—noth-
ing of these sailing and marching orders—nothing
of this communication of our troops with President
Houston—nothing of the President's assump-
tion that the Republic of Texas was already m
the Union, and would be defended and pro-
tected as a part of the Union until the treaty
should be rejected by the Senate. If the forty days'
promise had been kept, nothing of all this would
have been known; for it was only by taking up the
treaty, and'going to work upon it, that we began to
find out what was done; and then, by a special call,
obtained a knowledge of all these extraordinary
things. Another call of great moment has been
made, and not yet answered; and that is, to know
what amount, and by virtue of what law, the mo-
ney is taken from the treasury which has set these
war movements on foot.
My second resolution refers to the constitution-
ality of this war, thus adopted by the treaty-making
power. It declares the President and Senate (for I
had no idea that the President was going to do it
alone) cannot make war, either by declaration or
adoption: and this proposition is so obvious, that its
denial, or discussion, would seem to be equally im-
possible. The war-making power is given to Con-
gress: the treaty-making power must act within its
own limits, and cannot usurp the legislative power.
Under popular governments, the question of war
goes to the representatives of the people—to the
immediate representatives ofthose who are to pay the
taxes, and fight the battles, and bear the brunt of the
contest. Under monarchical governments, the king
declares war. Our form of government is popular:
the representatives of the people have the war-making
power in their hands, and cannot suffer it to be
usurped by tbe President and Senate. But argu-
ment on such a question is impossible. I leave the
resolution to stand upon its statement; and shall be
willing to take the vote upon it without the addition
of another word. The President has already made
the war: if we ratify the treaty we join him in it, and
take the responsibility off his hands!
Ratification will be war by the President and Sen-
ate; and unless the Senate is ripe for this war, it
must reject the treaty. And what a war! unjust in
itself—upon a peaceable neighbor—in violation of
treaties and of pledged neutrality—in violation of
the armistice—to the instant and sudden ruin of com-
merce—unconstitutionally made—and, as I shall
show, upon a weak and groundless pretext.
I know that some persons look upon this act in a
more mitigated sense—as being only cause of war,
and that Mexico, being a teeble power, will not
venture to declare it. This would be bad enough,'if
true. It would be bad enough, both in morals and
in policy, to give cause of war to an unoffending
neighbor with whom we have a great commerce,
and to rely upon her weakness to enable us to do this
wrong with impunity: but it is not so: it is not correct.
The ratification of the treaty would be actual war—
not cause of war—it would be war itself! and there
could be no peace between the countries until made
by a treaty between the United States and Mexico.
All existing treaties would be abrogated!
As a consequence of the ratification of this treaty,
and this adoption of the Texian war, its conduct
and conclusion will devolve upon the government of
the United States. From themomentofitsadmission,
Texas becomes a pari, of our Union, owing us alle-
giance and obedience to our laws: we owing it pro-
tection and support. Mo Texian authority can, from
that moment, treat or fight with Mgxico: war, or
negotiation, is no longer her prerogative, but"ours;
and every citizen of Texas that should attempt, un-
der the authority of that state, to open negotiations
with, or to carry on military operations against,
Mexico, would be subject to fine and imprisonment
under our laws. Every such movement would be
an offence against the United States. The political
penal code of the United States defines these of-
fences, and prescribes their punishment; and the
constitution of the United- States puts the whole
conduct of war, and conclusion of peace, in the
hands of the federal government. The conduct and
conclusion of the Texian war-, then, devolves upon
the United States, the instant the treaty of annexa-
tion shall be ratified!—and this, in fact, is shown to
have been the intention of its negotiators. They
are for war, and have made it. The President un-
derstands the reciprocal obligations of Texian alle-
giance to us, and United States protection to Texas,
to have accrued from the instant the treaty was
signed! and acted upon that belief, in his belligerent
movements. He goes beyond the conception of my
resolution, and does alone what I only contemplated
from the Joint action of the President and Senate
united. The resolution may need amendment, or
may be followed by another, adapted to this new
act, so suddenly developed in the Texas drama, and
under the influence, as it would seem, of some new
phatis in the ever-varying face of the fickle moon.
The war with Mexico, and its unconstitutionality,
is fully shown: its injustice remains to be exhibited;
and that is an easy task. What is done in violation
of treaties, in violation of neutrality, in violation of
an armistice, must be un just. All this occurs in
this case, and a great deal more. Mexico is our
neighbor. We are at peace with her. Social, com-
mercial, and diplomatic relations subsist between
us: and the interest of the two nations requires these
relations to continue. We want a country which
was once ours, but which, by treaty, we have ac-
knowledged to be hers. That country has revolted.
Thus far it has made good its revolt, and not a
doubt rests upon my mind that she will make it
good forever. But the contest is not over. An ar-
mistice, duly proclaimed, and not revoked, strictly ob-
served by each in notfiring a gun, though inoperative
thus far in the appointment of commissioners to
treat for peace: this armistice, only determinable
upon notice, suspends the war. Two thousand
miles of Texian frontier is held in the hands of Mex-
ico, and all attempts to conquer that frontier have
signally failed: witness the disastrous expeditions to
Mier and to Santa Fe. We acknowledge the right
—the moral and political right—of Mexico to resub-
jugate this province, if she can. We declare our
neutrality: we profess friendship: we proclaim our
respect for Mexico. In the midst of all this we make
a treaty with Texas for transferring herself to the
United States, and that without saying a word to
Mexico, while receiving notice from her that such
transfer would be war. Mexico is treated as a nul-
lity; and the province she is endeavoring to recon-
quer is suddenly, by the magic of a treaty signature,
changed into United States domain. We want the
country; but instead of applying to Mexico, and ob-
taining' her consent to the purchase, or waiting a few
months for the events which would supersede the
necessity of Mexican consent—instead of this plain
and direct course, a secret negotiation was entered
into with Texas, in total contempt of the acknowl-
edged rights of Mexico, ana without saying a word
to her until all was over. Then a messenger is
despatched in furious haste to this same Mexico,
the bearer of volunteer apologies, of deprecatory ex-
cuses, and of an offer of some millions of dollars for
Mexican acquiescence in what Texas has done.
Forty days are allowed for the return of the messen-
ger; and "the question is, will he bring back the con-
sent; That question is answered ill the Mexican
official notice of war, if the treaty of annexation was
made! and it is answered in the'fact of not applying
to her for her consent before the treaty was made.
The wrong to Mexico is confessed in the fact of
sending this messenger, and in the tein.s of the letter
of which he was the bearer. That letter of
Mr. Secretary Calhoun, of the 19th of April,
to Mr. Benjamin Green, the United States charge
in Mexico', is the most unfortunate in the
annals of human diplomacy! By the fairest
implications, it admits insult, and injury to Mexico,
and violation of her territorial boundaries! it admits
that we should have had her previous consent—
should have had her concurrence—that we have in-
jured her as little as possible—and that we did all
this in full view of all possible consequences', thai is
to say, in full view of war! in plain English, that we
hare wronged her, and will fight her for it. As an
excuse for all this, the imaginary designs of a third
power, which designs are four times solemnly dis-
avowed, are brought forward as a justification of
our conduct; and an incomprehensible terror ofim-
mediate destruction is alleged as the cause of not
applying to her for her "pi-eviovs consent" during
the eight months that the negotiation continued; and
during the whole of which time we had a minister'
in Mexico, and Mexico had a minister in Washing-'
ton. This letter is surely the most uhfo,rtunateia
the. history of human diplomacy. It admits the
wrong, and tenders war. It is a confession "through-
out, by the fairest implication, of injustice to Mex-
ico. It is a confession that her "concurrence"" and ■
"her previous consent" were necessary. The words
of the letter fairly confess this; and the act of send-
ing it, with the apologies it contains, and the offered
do 'cem to Mexico, all corroborate the implications of
a phraseology intended to conceal what is palpably
admitted. After this, no more is wanted. Other-
proofs, in abundance, are at hand to show the in-
justice of this war: but, after, this letter of the Sec-
retary negotiator, what more is wanting? * Let any
mind, capable of analyzing language, recur to this
letter of the 19th of April, and he will find tliis-
Mexican war, which our President has waged, to be
as unjust in its cause as it is unconstitutional in
its form.
It is now my purpose, Mr. President, to show
that all this movement, which is involving such
great and serious consequences, and drawing: upon*
us the eyes of the civilized world, is bottomed upon
a weak and groundless pretext, discreditable to oiir -
government, and insulting and injurious to Great
Britain. We wantTexas—that is io say, the Texas
of la Salle; and we want it for great national rea-
sons, obvious as day, and permanent as nature. We
want it because it is geographically appurtenant to
our division of North America, essential to our po-
litical, commercial, and social system, and because
it would be detrimental and injurious to us to have
it fall into the hands or to sink under the domi-
nation of any foreign power. For these rea-
sons, I was against sacrificing the country
when it was thrown away—and thrown away
by those who are now so suddenly possessed
of a fury to get it back. For these reasons, I
am for getting it back whenever it can be done
with peace and honor, or even at the price of just-
war against any intrusive European power: but I
am against all disguise and artifice—against alljpre-
texts—and especially against weak and groundless
pretexts, discreditable to ourselves, offensive to
others, too thin and shallow not to be seen through
by evey beholder, and merely invented to cover un-
worthy purposes. I am aggainst the inventions
which have been brought forward to justify the se-
cret concoction of this treaty, and its sudden explo-
sion upon us, like a ripened plot, and a charged
bomb, forty days before the conventional nomina-
tion of a presidential candidate. In looking into
this pretext I shall be governed by the evidence
alone which I find upon the face of the papers, re-
gretting that the resolution which I have laid upon
the table for the examination of persons at the bar
of the Senate, has not yet been adopted. That reso-
lution is in these words:
"Resolved, That the author of the "private letter" from Lon-
don, inthe summer of 1843, (believed to be Mr. Duff'Green,)
addressed to the American Secretary of State, (Mr. Upshur,}
and givinghim the first intelligence of the (imputed) British
anti-slavery designs upon Texas, and the contents of which
ivaie. letter' were made the basis of the Secretary's leading
espatch of the 8th of August following, to our charge in
Texas, for procuring the annexation of Texas to the United
States, bes[jMMO.\F.D to appear at the bar of the Senate to
answer on oath to all questions in relation to the contents
of said 'private tetter,' and of any others in relation to the
same subject; and also to answer all questions, sofaras he
shall lie able, in relation to the ori^m and objects of the
ticatj foi the annexation of Texas, and of ail the designs, in-
fluences, and inteip'ts which led to the formation thereof.
''Revnlra*, tho, rL hat the Senate will examine at its bar,
or through a committee, such other persons as. shall bo
d< cmed proper in relation to their kowledge of any, or all,
ol the foregoing points of inquiry.
I hope, Mr. President, this resolution will be
adopted. It is due to the gravity of the occasion
that we should have facts and good evidence before
us. We are engaged in a transaction which con-
cerns the peace and the honor of the country; and
extracts from private letters, and letters themselves,
with or without name, and, it may be, from mis-
taken or interested persons, are not the evidence on
which we should proceed. Dr. Franklin was ex-
amined at tiie bar of the British House of Commons
before the American war, and I see no reason why
those who wish to inform the Senate, and others
from whom the Senate could obtain information,
should not be examined at our bar,or at that of the
House, before the Senate or Congress engages jn t|i{
&
