466
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
would actually grow rich ufider such new contracts;.
The evil grew out of a system of creating potticM
patronage by means of those mail coqMu&Ws; be-
stowing the money of the department for purposes
of political influence. It was & tremendous engine
of patronage; calculated te <K>mipt and break down
the institutions of the -country. He was himself in
favor of a reform cf the rates of postage. The pub-
lic voice called for it. It was but reasonable that a
revision should take place, now that the facilities of
intercommunication were so much multiplied, con*
irasted with the condition of the country when the
present >;ates of postage were laid on. As to putting
down "private expresses, it was idle to talk of doing
it by any other legislation than that which Would
carry public opinion along with it. The ptiblicmus't
be shown that the Post Office Department will trans-
port mail matter as cheap as private expresses, and
as expeditiously, or all laws to put down private
expresses will become nugatory. He thought toe
much importance was attached to th'ft proposition of
abolishing the franking privilege. It BSemed to be
overlooked that, in a majority of cases, the franking
privilege, to the deputy postmasters, was the only;
or chief pay they receivad for the duties Of th'eit
office. Deprive them of this, and th'ev "wotaltt xiave
to be paid in money, out of the av&te oT the depart-
ment; so that, in the end, nottalug was to be gained.
The abolition of the frtmHng privilege—which is
now enjoyed by asStesVs of the government—would,
m like manner, afreet no saving; for the heads of
bureaus would, still necessarily have the power of
franking; an.u those who now enjoy the privilege,
would only have to get the heads of their bureaus
to frank, for them. It would be a mere transfer of
the PVivilege from many to a few, the few franking
as much as the many did before. So with respect
10 members of Congress. This bill proposes to give
eacli member five stamped covers a day. He and
many others did not write one letter a day, on an
average. Now it was just As probable that mem-
bers would be importuned for their stamped
covers as much as th<6y ttre for putting their names
on letters at proffiftt} and, if a member of Congress
cannot be intrusted with the privilege of writing
his name &S a frank, he cannot be intrusted
with the custody of a stamp to pass free through
the mail. The result of this interference with the
tranking privilege would be highly dissatisfactory,
ultimately would fail to produce the beneficial
ejects anticipated from it.
Without any allusion to the present incumbents
of office, but as a general and notorious fact, he felt
borne out 111 asserting that the post office had grown
tip to bean immense engine of patronage, to be
wielded for sinister purposes in the hands of any
party or President in power. And this limitation
of the franking privilege would be calculated to in-
creasethe_ evil, by giving whatever party has the
majority in Congress, the pojver of loading the
mails witli political matter; while the minority would
be Wholly excluded from counteracting such a
movement, by the exercise of similar means. It
was very well known that most of the speeches
made in Congress were made for mere Buncombe—
made to operate at home 011 the speaker's consti-
tuents, and not with any hope of affecting a question
at issue, where delivered. He confessed he had
been induced by his friends lately to make
<) speech (011 the tariff) which, when he went to de-
liver it, he hardly expected any one would listen to;
butlieknewit would do well enough for Buncombe.
Under the proposed bill, every member ofthe party in
power, who chose to make aspeech, would have but to
get a resolution passed making a refeience ofhis sub-
ject to some committee of which he was a member,
and get his speech out in the form of a report, to
be circulated at the public expense through the
mails, and to subserve party purposes. Whereas
the minority could not circulate their speeches un-
less they thought their constituents would be pleased
to pay twenty-five cents apiece for each copy—a
price, he feared, many would consider rather ex-
orbitant. [Laughter.]
The people have been so long accustomed to re-
ceive congressional documents from their repre-
sentatives free of postage, that the moment this
privilege is suppressed there will be a universal
clapior from one end of the country to the other.
It is a privilege not for the benefit of the member of
Congress, but for the information and satifaction of
the people. They have a right to know what is
doing in Congress, and by means of this privilege
they are put in possession of that knowledge.
J11 short, in his judgment, this bill looks altogether
5s a wrong direction. It does not look to the real
evil—the eternal and baleful political influence of
electioneering patronage, inducing lavish contracts,
unnecessary extensions, and enlisting troops of de-
pendants on the bounty of men and parties in
power. Strip it of this miserable electioneering
principle, and place the department on the true
grounds of utility-^-strip It of its objectionable pow-
ers of patronage, and reform the rates of postage to
suit thfe present condition of the country and the
timfes,—and lie Would give the measure his hearty
concta&rice.
He had objections to some of the minor details of
thie bill. These he nientionfed respectively. The
principal exception he took was to the penalties—
such, for instance, as where all the owners of a
steaiilboat are made liable to such penalties, if only
one owner violates the law, though -the others may
not concur, or may discountenance the offence.
Another was, to the provision making a ship or ves-
sel liable to a finfe of $500 for infractions of the law.
This thing of making a ship pay a fine for a wilful
offence, tvas lifcfe a law he once heard of, enacting
jihat bVyine found trespassing should be subject to
fine and imprisonment. [Laughter.] He would
not, however, dwell on these technical objections.
They could be amended; but he was opposed to the
principle of enforcing a law by penalties, against the
general feelings of the community.
Mr. MERRICK said the gentleman had had his
amusement—his merriment—and he hoped he was
satisfied. He had said the committee had mistaken
the evil altogether. Now what was the evil? All
the petitions and memorials referred to the Post
Office Committee complained of the exorbitant rates
of postage as the greatest evil; and did not the com-
mittee, in this bill, provide a remedy for this evil?
Was not a satisfactory reduction of postage pro-
posed? Next, as to all the honorable senator had
said about the transmission of congressional docu-
ments, was not the proposition of the bill to pre-
serve the same right to the people? If the circula-
tion of documents were necessary beyond that con-
templated by the bill, Congress would always have
control of the matter ill its own hands. As to the
complaint of the senator against the vast patronage
of the Post. Office Department, he (Mr. M.) was
not aware of any provision that would be intro-
duced into this bill which would cut off that patron-
age. If the honorable senator himself knew of any
mode of controlling or preventing such patronge or
political influence, why did he not introduce a sep-
arate bill for the purpose? And with respect to
contracts, he (Mr. M.) did not know of any better
mode of contracting than that adopted by the depart-
ment, which was to invite, by public advertisement,
those disposed to contract, and to receive their bids,
with the privilege of choosing the lowest, if, in all
ressects,the most desirable. The great question to
be considered with regard to this bill was that of
the reduction of postage. He (Mr. M.) was glad
to find the honorable senator [Mr. Phelps] in favor
of that proposition.
Mr. SIMMONS conceived it would be best to pro-
ceed with the amendments, before the discussion of
the general principles of the measure was entered
upon. The amendment he had offered would touch
upon the chief question at issue. The objects of the
bill were two-fold; first, to reduce the rates of post-
age so as to prove satisfactory to the public; and
next, to provide for relieving the department from
the pressure of continual embarrassment. The ope-
ration of private expresses was considered by the de-
partment the chief cause of its embarrassment. To
this, therefore, the Senate should look as the first
thing to be remedied. Now, his amendment had for
its object to include within the distance for which
the cheapest rate of postage should be charp-ed, a
distance that would embrace the express routes and
those points where most of the letters are carried by
private hands. Mr. S. entered into various calcula-
tions m figures to show the immense quantity of let-
ters carried by private hands. He knew of an in-
stance, on a passage from New York to Providence,
Rhode Island, 011 board a steamboat, in which three
passengers exhibited letters in their custody, the
postage on which would amount to §56. He also
mentioned other similar instances.
One objection to this bill was, that it might cut off
so much of the income of the department as to
throw a portion of its expense upon the treasury.
This was undoubtedly to be guarded against; for he
maintained that the department ought to be made to
support itself. Mr. S. entered into various calcula-
tions to show that a small reduction on the express
routes would not put down the competition which
interfered with the income of the department. That
interference or competition could not be corrected,
except by an adequate reduction of postage—such
as would enlist public co-operation in sustaining the
Post Office Department. .
In the objections to the abolition of toe flanking
privilege, it seemed to be overlooked that the reduc-
tion of postage would be so great, that those who
now send or receive mail. matter free, would not
have so much to complain of, as if the privilege were
abated without any abatement of postage.
He thought it was advisable to try the experi-
mefit of cheap postage, even at the risk of haying,
hereafter, if necessary, to raise it again, should it too
much affect the income of the department. He had,
however, been informed by the most intelligent
merchants with whom he had conversed or from
whom he had received letters on the subject, that a
proper and sufficient reduction of postage would
double the income of the department.
Mr. DAYTON remarked that his attention had
been attracted to the phraseology of this bill by the
observations of the senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Phelps;] which phraseology, he conceived, ren-
dered it necessary that the bill should be recommit-
ted for the purpose of being corrected. His obser-
vations chiefly applied to the penal provisions ofthe
bill; these lie referred to with a view of showing
that the wording of those provisions was so loose
that acts before innocent are made not only penal
but criminal; for they provide for the recovery of
fines by action of debt or indictment. What courts
are to have jurisdiction5 The inquiry cannot be
answered by the bill. This applied to all the penal
provisions. In some instances it is provided that
the informer shall get half the fine, and the other
half shall go to the post office; while, in other in-
stances, it is not stated where the reserved_half is
to go, or who is to recover the penalty. The 6th
section provides for the levying of a fine of not less
than $50, not stating how much over §50 it may
be. In the 12th section a ship or vessel is made
liable to the penalty. Was the ship itself to be
liable? [Mr. Mf.rrick, from his seat, said, Certain-
ly.] Then, if it was, it ought to be specifically
stated.
It seemed to him that these were matters which
merited the attention of the chairman of the Post Of-
fice Committee before the bill became the subject of
discussion. The general phraseology certainly re-
quired revision at his hands.
The senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons]
had anticipated that a sufficient reduction of postage
would increase the number of letters to be transmit-
ted by mail four-fold. Now, what had been the ex-
perience of Great Britain on the immense reduction
of her postage from an average of 14d. to Id? That
the number of letters, instead of being increased
five-fold, as anticipated, had only increased two and
a half fold. Here the proposition was, to make a
much smaller reduction; and was if. not probable
that the increase would not be even half that expe-
rienced m Great Britain' These, however were
topics to be hereafter discussed.
Mr. MERRICK remarked that he was very de-
sirous of correcting and modifying the bill in every
particular so as to make it perfect; but he thought
there was no necessity for recommitting it, as it was
in Committee of the "Whole, where it was entirely
proper to revise and correct it. When those sec-
tions referred to by the senator from New Jersey
came to be considered, they could be amended in
conformity with the senator's suggestions.
With regard to the arguments of the senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] that the number of
letters would be greatly increased on the. express
routes, should his amendment; prevail, he had no
doubt they were correct and well founded, so far as
those routes alone were concerned. But there was
a great difficulty in adjusting the rate, so as to em-
brace the express routes only; for by making
the distance for the lowest rate of posteige (five
cents) 250 miles, it should be kept in mind diat this
would apply to every post office in the United
States, making the postage within a circuit of 250
miles around each, only five cents; and that nine-
tenths of the post offices of the Union were not with-
in any of the express routes. Hence, it must be
obvious that all the advantages which could be
gained on the increase by mail of the number of
letters on the express routes, would be lost on the
post office circuits outside of the express routes.
Mr. M. entered into a variety of statistical details
with a, view of showing that the number of letters by
