APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton,
Senate.
Mexican war. It would be a curious incident in the
Texas drama if it should turn out to be a fact that the
whole annexation scheme was organized before
the, reason for it was discovered in London!
and. if, from the beginning, it was to be
burst upon us, under a-sudden and overwhelming
sense of national destruction, exactly forty days
before the national convention at Baltimore! I know
nothing about these secrets; but, being called upon
to act, and to give a vote which may be big with
momentous consequences, I have a right to know
the truth; and shall continue to ask for it, until fully
obtained, or finally denied. I know ,not what the
proof will be, if the examination is had. I pretend
to no private knowledge; but I have my mipres-
 ions; and if they are erroneous, let them be effaced
—if correct, let them be confirmed.
In the absence of the evidence which this respon-
sible arid satisfactory examination might furnish, I
limit.myself to the information which appears upon
the face of the papers—imperfect,' defective, dis-
jointed, and fixed up for the occasion, as those pa-
pers evidently are. And here I must remark upon
the absence of all the customary information which
sheds light upon the origin, progress, and conclu-
sion of treaties. No minutes of conferences—no
protocols—no propositions, or counter propositions
—no inside view of the nascent and progressive ne-
gotiation. To supply all this omission, the Senate
is driven to the tedious process of calling on the
President, day by day, for some new piece of in-
formation; and the endless necessity for these calls
—the manner in which they are answered—and the
often delay in getting any answer at all—become
new reasons for the adoption of my resolution, and
for the examination of persons at the bar of the
Senate.
The first piece of testimony I shall use in making
food the position I have assumed, is the letter of
Ir. Upshur, our Secretary of State, to Mr. Murphy,
our charge in Texas, dated the 8th day of August,
in the year 1843. It is the first one, so far as we
are permitted to see, that begins the business of the
Texas annexation; and has all the appearance of be-
ginning it in the middle, so far as the United States
are concerned, and upon grounds previously well
considered: for this letter of the 8th of August, 1843,
contains every reason on which the whole annexa-
tion movement has been defended or justified. And,
here, I must repeat what I have already said: in
quoting these letters of the secretaries, I use the
pame of thp yriter to discriminate the writer, but not
to impute it to him. The'president is the author:
the secretary only his head clerk, writing by his
command, and having no authority to write
any thing but as he commands. This important
letter, the basis of all Texian "immediate" annex-
ation, opens thus:
"Sir: A private letter from a citizen of Maryland, then i 
London, contains the following passage:
"I learn, from a .source entitled to the fullest confidence,
that there is now here a Mr Andrews, deputed by the abo-
litionists of Texas to negotiate with the British government.
That he has seen Lord Aberdeen, and submitted his projet
for the abolition of slavery in Tcxhs, which is, that tfieis*
shall be organized a company m England, who shall ad-
vance a sum sufficient to pay ior the slaves now in Texas,
and receive in payment Texas lands; that the sum thus ad.
vanced shall be paid over as an indemnity for the abolition
of slavery; and 1 authorized by the Texian minister to say
to you, that Lord Aberdeen has agreed that the British gov-
ernment will guaranty the payment of the interest on this
loan, upon condition that the Texian goverement will abol-
ish slavery.7'
"The writer professes to feel entire confluence ill the ac-
curacy of this information. He is a man of great intelli-
gence. and vy,"li versed in public affairs. Hence I have
every reason to confide in the correctness ot his conclu-
sions."
The name of the writer is not given, but lie is be-
lieved to be Mr. Duff Green.
The letter then goes on, through a dozen elabo-
rated paragraphs, to give every reason for flip Annex-
ation of Texas, founded on the apprehension of
British views there, and the consequent danger to
the slave property of the South, and other injuries
to the United States, which have been so inconti-
nently reproduced, and so tenaciously adhered to
gver since. Some brief extracts from the opening
$!" thjese paragraphs will give a full view of the
^rhoie (cauge for tfte aulden and secret annexation
scheme, as exhibited by its friends then, and r£"
peated by its friends no v. Thus;
"A movement of thris suit cannot be contemplated by us
in silence. Such an attr-mpi upon any neighboring country
would necessarily he viewed by this g,q'-eminent yvith *eiy
deep concern; bat wijen it ie mide upon a nation whose
territories join the slaveholdmg St<tU*s of our Union, it
awakens a 'till more solemn interest. It cannot be permit-
ted to succeed without the most strenuous efforts pn our
part to arrest a calamity so serious to every part of our
country," &c. &c. &c.
^ "If such an attempt were confined to the 'abolitionists of
Texas,5 it would scarcely merit grave consideration. Their
numbers, it is believed, are very small; and the state of
public opinion in that country is by .no means favorable to
the success of their enterprise. But if it be a fact that it
has engaged the attention of Lord Aberdeen, and that he
has pledged the co-operation of the English government to
a certain extent, it possesses an importance which demands
our serious attention, It cannot be supposed that England
means to limit her designs to the emancipation of a few
thousand slaves. She would have ulterior objects far more
important to her, and far more interesting to us," &c. ko.
&c.
"We might probably consider this as part of a general
plan by which England would seek to abolish domestic
slavery throughout the entire continent and islands of
America, in order to find or create new markets for the
products of her home industry, and at the same time to
destroy all competition with th'o industry of her colonies.
In the great staples of sugar and cotton, her colonies of the
East and West Indies are unable to compete with the slave
labor of the United States, Texas, and Brazil," &c. &c &c.
"It is an important thing to England to obtain an influ-
ence over the policy oi Texas; ana the present situation of
that country otters her every encouragoment to make the
attempt. Tressed by an unrelenting enemv on her borders,
her treasury exhausted, and her credit almost destroyed,
Texas is in a condition to need the support of other nations,
and to obtain it upon terms of great hardship and many
sacrifices to herself. If she should receive no counten&nco
and support from the United States, it is not an extraragant
supposition that England may and will reduce her to all the
dependence of a colony, without taking upon herself the
onerous duties and responsibilities of the mother country.
The aid which it is said she now offers toward the abolition
of slavery, although probably not , the first, is a very im-
portant step; it will be followed by others, which will not
fail to establish for her a controlling influence for many
years to come," &c. &c. &c.
"Contemplating this anti-slavery movement, if it has been
or shall be made, as part of a system by which England
hopes to obtain an influence over the policy of Texus, we
cannot be at a loss to estimate its importance. Give to Eng-
land more favorable terms of trade than the United States
can obtain, and her manufactures of all kinds will be thrown
into Texas, not merely for the supply of that country, but
with a view to have them smugglea inio the United States,"
&c See &r.
"The ctt'ect on the cotton-growing States of our Union, al-
though it will not be equally disastrous, will yet be very
seriously felt. The cotton of Texas will npcessarily be
given in exchange for the manufactures of England, and of
course it will take the place, to that extent, of the supplies
now furms-hed to that country by the United States," &c.
&.c &c
"The effect of this state of things upon the revenues ofthe
TJnited States is not unworthy of consideration. Importa-
tions from England will cease to the extent of the supply
which will be smuggled into this country; and the revenue
from customs must be diminished in the same proportion,
and, as a necessary consequence, the navigating interests of
our people will suffer in no inconsiderable degree," &c. &c
&c.
"It is quite certain that the mere emancipation of the
slaves of Texas could not produce these momentous results.
It is not in that view that 1 press the subject upon your at-
tention. The diplomacy of England has heretofore been
scarcely less successful than her arms, m obtaining for her
the largest share of the commerce of the world. Her move-
ments are generally begun at a distance, and her approaches
are gradual and cautious, and for that very reason, they
rarely fail of succor. Doing nothing in the beginning to
excite the suspicions or rouse the jealousy of other nations,
her plans are not often fully developed until it is no longer
possible to oppose them. It is in this view of her policy,
that the present supposed movement becomes important"
&e, &c., &c.
"But there is another view of this subject Btill more im-
portant to us, and scarcely less important to Texas herself.
The establishment, in the very midst of our slaveholding
States, of an independent government, forbidding the exist-
ence of slavery, and by a people born, for the most part,
among us, reared up in our habits, and speaking our lan-
guage, could not fail to produce the most unhappy effects
upon both parties." &c., &c , &c.
"1 am very desirous, sir,to impre* this subject upon your
attention; and for that reason I have presented it to \ou in
some ofthe strong lights in which it has struck niv own
mind. It is \v«rthy, therefore, of your most vigilant oure.
Few calamities cohld hef'.il thi*> cquulry more to he deplored
than the establishment of a predominant British influence
and the abortion o! domestic slaven in Texav," ke, , ( yc.
Tiius ctfrniYienced the plan ror the immediate an-
nexation of Texas to the United States, as the only
mean? of saving that country from British domina-
tion, and from the anti-shivery schemes attributed to
her by Mr. Duff Green. Unfoitunately, it was not
deemed necessary to mauife into the trutl} of rhis
gentleman's information; and it was mot until four
months afterwards, and until after the most extra-
ordinary efforts to secure annexation had been made
by our government, that It was discovered (h^iihg
information given by Mr. Green was entirely mis-
taken and unfounded' The British minister (the
Earl of Aberdeen) and the Texain charge in Lon-
don, (Air. Auhbel Smith,) both of whom v/ere re-
ferred to by jytr, Greer), be,u,g informed in the
month of November of the u'ae which had been
made of their names, availed themselves of the first
opportunity to contradict the whole story to our
minister, Mr. Everett. This minister immediately
communicated these important contradictions to bra
our government, and we find them in the official cor-
respondence transmitted to us by Mr. Everett, under
dates of the 3d and 16th of November, 1843. I quote
first from that of the 3d of November. Mr. Everett
says:
"I had an interview with Lord Aberdeen the first day of
his return to town, having requested it while he was yet in
the country. I had several matters to bring to his .notice, as
you will have seen from the preceding despatches forward-
ed by this steamer. Having disposed of them, I then, in
obedience to your instructions, alluded to the agency which
the British government were supposed to he exercising to
procure the abolition of slavery in Texas. Lord Aberaeea
said he was glad I had mentioned this subject; for it was one
on which he intended himself to make some observations.
His attention had been called to some suggestions in the
American papers in favor ofthe annexation of Texas to the
Union, by way of counteracting the designs imputed to
England; and he would say that ii this measure were under-
taken on any such grounds, it would be wholly without
provocation. * England had acknowledged the independence
of Texas, and had treated, and would continue to treat her,
as an independent power. That England had long been
pledged to encourage the abolition of the slave-trade and of
slavery, ass far as her influence extended, and in every proper
way, but had no wish to interfere in the internal concerns
of foreign governments. She gave her advice, where she
thought it would be acceptable, in favor of (he abolition of
slavery, but nothing more. In reference to Texas, the sug-
gestion that England had made, or intended to make, the
abolition of slaVery the condition of any treaty ar-
rangement with her, was wholly without foundation.
It had never been alluded to in that connexion. Gen-
eral Hamilton, as commissioner from Texas, had propos-
ed that England should make or guaranty a loan to Texas,
to be used to aid her in obtaining from Mexico the recogni-
tion of hvr independence, and in other ways to promote the
development of her resources; and he himself (Lord Aber-
deen) had at first thought somewhat favorably of the prop-
osition, considering Texas as a fine, promising country,
which it would be good policy to help throughner tempo-
rary embanassments. But on mentioning the project to hi<i
colleagues, they deemed it wholly inexpedient, nor did he
himself continue to give it countenance; nor was the loan,
as proposed by General Hamilton, and at first fa\ orably
viewed by himself, in the slightest degree connected with
the abolition of slavery as a condition orconsequence. In
the course of the last summer he had been waited upon, as
he supposed I was aware at the time, by a deputation ot
American abolitionists, who were desirous of engaging the
British government in some such measure, (viz: of a loan,
connected with the abolition of slavery,) but that he had
given them no countenance whatever, he had informed
them that, by every proper means of influence, he would
encourage the abolition of slavery, and that he had recom-
mended the Mexican government to interest itself in the
matter; hut he told them, at the outset, that he should con-
sider himself bound in good faith to repeat everything that
might pass between them to the Texan charge d'affaires."
I quote copiously, and with pleasure, Mr. Presi-
dent, from this report of Lord Aberdeen's conversa-
tion with Mr. Everett; it is frank and friendly, equal-
ly honorable to the minister as a man and a states-
man, and worthy of the noble spirit of the great
William Pitt. Nothing could dissipate more com-
pletely, and extinguish more utterly, the insidious
designs imputed to Great Britain; nothing could be
more satisfactory and complete; nothing more was
wanting to acquit the British government of all the
alarming designs imputed to her. It was enough;
but the Earl of Aberdeen, in the fulness of his de-
sire to leave the American government no ground
for suspicion or complaint on this head, voluntarily
returned to the topic a few days afterwards; and, on
the 6th of November again disclaims in the strongest
terms the offensive designs imputed to his govern-
ment. Mr. Everett thus relates, in his letter of the
16th of November, the substance of these renewed
declarations:
"I had a long interview with Lord Aberdeen, at his re-
quest, on tne (>th instant, principally in reference to the Ore-
gon question, as J on will have seen fiom another communi-
cation by stealer Before I left him, however, the con-
versation turned upon the subject ofthe abolition ci" slavery
in Texa« I told luni he >nu-.t not be f urpiiM-d ft the mterc st
taken i" the sub,e%t in the T'lUed ~ta'.es when he remem-
beted mat Texas an 1 the United State- veu- bo: dri ccun-
trn s, at-il the neciss{,i\ < ftect ol thf abolition in Texais on
.sl.^crj a i < .\i-.thvj m the Union, lie xeplied, th^t lit felt
the delicacy and enpoitar.ee of the subject, icpcated the il-
lusion made m the foimer mten ik w to the state of public
sentiment in rngland, and viid thot, while it could not be
expected of her .Mp'Pstj \ government to holds, language
or pursue a policy at variance with opinions which they
shared wnh the whole country, yet he «bouU ceudinly
th.nk it rirrht nut to gi\ e anyju^t euu-e of complaint to the
Un.ted Plates As far a* Te>us was directh concerned,
they had, a« he had ah i ady informed me made no proposi-
tion to hfV Vihate> ex. The) had connei ted the subject of
tiie abolition of slavery m Texas with a recommendation
to Mexico to acknowledge her independence, but. as he
told me before, V^xico had gh en the Migge.stton no en-
couiaijHnippt, and ttyested thuio."
Thus, twice, in three days, the British m.inisley
fully, formally, and in the broadest manner contra-
dicted thg vhflle snary up^n the faith of which our
President had commenced (so far as the papers
show the commencement of it) his immediate an-
nexation ptojeci as the only means of counteracting
the dangerous designs of Great Britain! But, thi^
