CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
467
short routes paid the principal part of the income of
the department;, and therefore there was greater risk
in regard to reductions on the short than on the long
routes.
Mr. M. reiterated his arguments of Friday, in
favor of doing something speedily and effectually to
sustain the department. He read several letters,
which, as chairman of the Post Office Committee,
he had received, showing the advantages to be ex-
pected by the proposed change.
Mr. HANNEG-AN next obtained the floor; but,
On motion of Mr. WHITE
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 1, 1844.
The SPEAKER announced that this day had
been set apart for the consideration of the business
of the Territories.
Mr WELLER observed that a number of the
Territorial bills had been referred to the Committee
of the Whole House, while others of them had been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. The House would see the propriety
of considering them all in one committee, and he
would therefore move to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from such of the bills as had been refer-
red to it, and refer them to - the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
This motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House resolve
itaelf into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee on Engraving,
who offered the following resolution; which, by gen-
eral consent, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the map of the New Madrid and St. Francis
swamp, m Missouri andArkansas.be published to accom-
pany the document on draining, which document is ordered
to be published by the House.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to establish
certain post routes in the Territory of Florida; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to authorize A. Scott
Brown and others to construct a mill-race through
the public lands; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr.- WELLER moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. R. SMITH asked the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw his motion to allow him to offer a res-
olutionpersonal to himself.
Mr. WELLER assenting,
Mr. R. SMITH offered the following resolution;
which was considered by general consent:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform
this House the rule which has governed the selection of
cadets for admission to the Military Academy at West
Point, for the year 1844; and if the provision of the act ap-
proved March 1, 1843, which provides "That the number of
cadets by appointments hereafter to be made, shall be limit-
ed to the number of representatives and delegates in Con-
gress, and one lrom the District of Columbia, and that each
congressional and tei'ritorial district and District oi Colum-
bia, shall entitled to have one cadet at said academy," has
been complied with, and if said requirement of law has not
been obseived, the ieason why it has not been ob^ei-ved iu
all cases; and to specify the cases in which it has not been
observed, and the reason for each case.
Mr. R. SMITH observed that, under the law of
Congress, the congressional district he had the honor
to represent was entitled to the appointment of one
cadet to the Military Academy of West Point. He
had given to an applicant from his district an
assurance that he should receive an appointment;
but inasmuch as he had not received it, he wished
to get some information from the War Department
which would exonerate him from any censure, and
show his constituents that he had done his duty.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. C. JOHNSON, with the assent of Mr. Wal-
ler, offered the following resolution, which, by gen-
eral consent, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That so much of the two lesolutions of the 18th
January, as calls on the President for information therein
specified beyond the 4th of March, 1H41, be and the same are
hereby, rescinded.
Mr. St. JOHN presented certain resolutions of the
legislature of Ohio, in relation to the sales of reserv-
ed Wyanslott lands; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed,
Mr. STEWART offered the following resolution;
which, being objected to, lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House the report of Col. Kearney, topo-
graphical engineer, on the survey and examination made by
lnm for a national road from Uniontown, Pennsylvania, by
way of Pittsburg, to Lake Erie.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
Mr. WELLER renewed his motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; which motion was
carried, and the Speaker called Mr. White of
Kentucky to the Chair.
The committee then took up, and passed upon the
following bills, which were laid aside to be reported:
The bill making appropriations for improvements
on the western shore of Lake Michigan.
The committee took up bill No. 242, being a bill
making certain improvements in the Territory of
Iowa; which was debated and explained by Mr.
CARROLL, Mr. VINTON, and Mr. STEEN-
ROD.
Mr. A. C. DODGE went into some explanations
of the objects on which he proposed to expend the
sum appropriated by this government for the Ter-
ritory which he represented.
Mi'. CAMPBELL moved to amend the bill by
striking out the appropriation of $7,000 for the im-
provement of the harbor at Dubuque.
The amendment was opposed by Messrs. A. C.
DODGE, HENRY DODGE, BARNARD and
CARROLL.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. A. C. DODGE moved to amend the bill by
inserting "and that the amount shall be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War;"
which was adopted.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
The committee then took up the bill making ap-
propriations for certain improvements in the Terri-
tory of Florida.
On motion of Mr. LEVY, the following amend-
ment was agreed to, viz:
"That the amount appropriated to be expended under this
bill shall be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War."
The bill was further debated by Messrs. LEVY,
CAMPBELL, STEWART, BIDLACK, SMITH
of Indiana, and others; and was then laid aside to
be reported to the House.
The committee then proceeded to consider the
following bills, which were severally laid aside to
be reported:
A bill to establish a new collection district for the
Territory of Florida, to be called the Suwanne dis-
trict.
A bill to authorize the selection of certain school
lands in the Territories of Florida, Iowa, and Wis-
consin.
A bill making an appropriation to defray the ex-
penses of the session of the assembly of the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, held in December, 1842, and
January, 1843.
A bill to authorize the President of the United
States to issue patents for the town lots sold In the
town of Mineral Point, in the Territory of Wis-
consin.
A bill supplemental to an act entitled "An act for
laying off the towns of Fort Madison and Burling-
ton in the county of Desmoines, and the towns of
Belleview, Dubuque, and Peru in the county of Du-
buque, Territory of Wisconsin, (now Iowa,) and
for other purposes;" approved the 2d of July, 1836;
and the amendatory act thereto, approved March 3d,
1837.
A bill granting to the county of Dubuque certain
lots of ground in the town of Dubuque.
A bill to establish certain post-routes in the Ter-
ritory of Florida.
A bill to authorize the issuing of patents for cer-
tain lands in the St. Augustine land district, in Flor-
ida, the sales of which were not regularly reported.
A bill making appropriations for certain improve-
ments m the Territory of Florida.
A bill making appropriations for certain improve-
ments in the Territory of Iowa.
A bill directing the President of the United States
to cause the reserved lead mines in the State of Illi-
nois, and in the Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa,
to be sold.
This last bill was debated by Messrs. H. DODGE,
A. C. DODGE, JAMESON, HOGE, HARDIN,
BARNARD, C. JOHNSON, and others.
Mr. OWEN said that he rose, not for the pur-
pose of debating the question whether these min-
eral lands should be brought into market immediate-
ly or not; nor at what up-set price it was expedient
to offer them. He rose merely to furnish to the
committee, at the call of, his friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Dodge,] the facts in regard to a survey already-
made of these mineral lands.
It was true, as stated by the gentlemen from Iowa
and Illinois, [Messrs. Dodge and Hoge,] that his
(Mr. O.'s) brother, David Dale Owen, was employ-
ed by the general government, he believed in the
year 1839, to make a geological exploration of the
very lands included in the bill under consideration—
the lead mineral lands of Iowa, Wisconsin, and
northern Illinois. Assisted by a large party, and
at considerable expense, he had examined that en-
tire mineral region in detail, and had made to the
department an elaborate report, accompanied by
maps and other illustrations; showing, not only
the precise boundary of that region in which, as ge-
ological indications proved, valuable mines existed,
but embodying also all such details as went to show
the precise character and relative value of different
portions of the tract. He did not make any esti-
mate of the value; for he was not required by his
instructions so to do.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hoge,] how-
ever, was incorrect in supposing that this report had
ever been published with the accompanying maps
and illustrations. It never had. It was published,
under a standing rule of the Senate, in a mutilated
form, without a single map or other illustration—
some of them indispensable even to render it intel-
ligible—and only to the amount of the regular num-
ber published by the Senate of alt documents that
were printed at all. So rare had the document be-
come, that, mutilated and imperfect as it was, the
land office department had to offer several dollars for
a single copy, to retain for reference. Twice the
Commissioner of the Land Office, in his annual report,
had recommended the printing with the illustrations;
but in, consequence, he (Mr. O.) believed, of some
difficulty in regard to the printing of maps and illus-
trations, and the idea then prevalent that the prices
paid for such works were extravagant, the matter
fell through. The result was, that to hundreds of
applications made to the land office for that docu-
ment, and to hundreds more made to his (Mr. O.'s)
brother for the same, both had been obliged to re-
ply that it was not to be had.
He (Mr. 0.) hoped he should not be considered
as influenced by personal predilection, when he ex-
pressed his conviction that, let the decision in re-
gard to the prompt sale of the mineral lands be as it
will, it was important to the public, the owner of
these mineral lands, (which Dr. Owen declared to be,
in his opinion, one of the most valuable mineral re-
gions in the world,) that the report showing, in de-
tail, the character of these lands, should be publish-
ed; and published—as, to be useful, it must be—with
the maps and illustrations accompanying it.
He (Mr. O.) regretted to say that, by some acci-
dent, the maps and illustrations furnished by Dr.
Owen to the department, had been lost or mislaid;
but Dr. Owen had duplicates of the same; and, if
called upon to do so, would furnish another copy
for publication.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
The committee then rose and reported the bills to
the House, which had been acted upon in commit,
tee; they were all taken up on the question of their
engrossment, and were read a third time and passed,
except the bill directing the sale of the reserved
lead mines.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
Bv Mr McCLEItNAND: The petition of W M. Eubanks
and numerous others, citizens of Gallatin, Hardin, Pope, Mas-
sac, Johnson, Pulaski, Alexander, and other counties in the
State oi Illinois, piaying Congress to take immediate meat-
ures for establishing an annory at Fort Massac, in the said
State: refeired to the Committee on Military Afiairs.
By Mr. CATLIN: The memonal of Joseph H. Raymond
and others, heirs of Joshua Raymond, deceased, prajiug
lor a pension: leferredto the Committee oil Re^ olutionary
Pensions. The memorial of Bela P. Spalding and 100 otheis,
citizens of B i ooklj n, Connecticut, against the annexation
of Texas to the Union: referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations. The memorial of Kdward Whitney and
29B others, citi7cns of Norwich, Connecticut, praying that
the spirit ration m the army may be abolished. The me*
monal of John B. Fletcher and 208 others, citizens of New
York, upon the same subject. The memorial of Frederick
Henvill and ^34 others, citizens of New York, upon the
same subject. The memorial of James McKie and 401
others, citizens of New York, upon the same bubject. The
memorial of George Hall and 714 others, citizens of the city
