.May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4§a
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
in not obtaining her concurrence; in not securing
her previous consent; in violating her boundaiy; in
proceeding without her in a case where her rights,
security, and interests are concerned: admitting all
tKis, what is the reason given to Mexico for treating
her- with the contempt of a total neglect in all this
affair? And here strange scenes rise up before us.
"This negotiation began, upon the record, in August
last. We had a minister in Mexico with whom we
could communicate every twenty days. Mexico
had a minister here with whom we could communi-
cate every hour in the day.- Then why not consult
Mexico before the treaty? Why not speak to her
during these eight months, when in such hot haste
to consult her afterwards, and so anxious to stop
our action on the treaty til she was heard from, and
so ready to volunteer millions to propitiate her
wrath, or to conciliate her consent? Why this haste
after the treaty, when there was so much time be-
fore? It was because the plan required the "bomb"
to be kept back till forty days before the Baltimore
convention, and then a storm to be excited.
The .reason given for this great haste after so
long delay, is that the safety of the United States
was at stake : that the British would abolish slavery
in Texas, and then in the United States, and so de-
stroy the Union. Giving to this imputed design,
for the sake of the argument, all the credit due to an
•uncontradicted scheme, and still it is a preposterous
excuae for not obtaining the previous consent af
Mexico. It turns upon the idea that this abolition
of slavery in Texas is to be sudden, irresistible, ir-
retrievable! and that not a minute was to be lost in
averting the impending ruin! But this is not the
case. Admitting what is charged—that Great Britain
has adopted a policy, and made efforts to abolish
slavery in Texas, with a view to its abolition in the
United States—yet this is not to be done by force, or
magic. The Duke of Wellington is not to land at the
head of some 100,000 men to set the slaves free. No
gunpowder plot, like that intended by Guy Fawkes,
is to blow the slaves out of the country. No magic
wand is to be waved over the' land, and to convert
it into the home of the free. No slips of magic car-
pet in the Arabian Nights is to be slipt under the
" feet of the negroes to send them all whizzing, by a
wish, ten thousand miles through the air. None of
these sudden, irresistible, irretrievable modes of op-
erating is to be followed by Great Britain. She
wishes to see slavery abolished in Texas, as else-
where; but this wish, like all other human wishes, is
wholly inoperative without works to back it: and
these Great Britain denies. She denies that she
will operate by works, only by words where ac-
ceptable. But admit it. Admit that she has now
done what she never did before—denied her design!
admit all this, and you still have to confess that she
is a human power, and has to work by human
means, and in this case to operate upon the minds of
people and of nations—upon Mexico, Texas, the
United States, and slaves within the boundaries of
these two latter countries. She has to work by
moral means; that is to say, by operating on the
mind, and will. All this is a work of time—a work of
years—the work of a generation! Slavery is in the
constitution of Texas, and in the heaits, customs,
and interests of the people; and cannot be got out in
many years, if at all. And are we to be told that
there was no time to consult Mexico? or, in the vague
language of the letter, that circumstances did not per-
mit the consultation, and that without disclosing
what these circumstances were? It was la«t August
that the negotiation began. Was there fear that
Mexico would liberate Texian slaves, if she found
out the treaty before it was made? Alas! sir, she
refused to have anything to do with the scheme!
Great Britain proposed to her to make-emancipation
of slaves the condition of acknowledging Texian
independence. She utterly refused it; and of this
our government was officially informed by the Eail
of Aberdeen. No, sir, no. There is no reason in
the excuse. I profess to be a man that can under-
stand reason, and could comprehend the force of
the circumstances which would show that the dan-
ger of delay was so imminent that nothing but im-
mediate annexation could save the United States
from destruction. But none such are named, or can
be named; and the true reason is, that the Baltimore
convention was to sit on the 27th of May.
Great Britain avows all she intends, and that is
 a wish—to see—slavery abolished in Texas; and
she declares all the means which she means to use,
.and that is, advice where it. is acceptable.
F It will be a strange spectacle, in the nineteenth
century, to behold the United States at war with
Mexico, because Great Britain wishes—to see—the
abolition of slavery in Texas.
So far from being a just cause of war, I hold that
the expression of such a wish is not even censura-
ble by us, since our naval alliance with Great Brit-
ain for the suppression of the slave trade—since our
diplomatic alliance with her to close the markets of
the world against the slave trade—and since the
large effusion of mawkish sentimentality on the
subject of slavery, in which our advocates of the
aforesaid diplomatic and naval alliance indulged
themselves at the time of its negotiation and conclu-
sion. Since that time, I think we have lost the
right (if we ever possessed it) of fighting Mexico,
because Great Britain says she wishes—to see—
slavery abolished in Texas, as elsewhere through-
out the world.
The civilized world judges the causes of war, and
discriminates between motives and pretexts: the
former are respected when true and valid—the latter
are always despised and exposed. Every Christian
nation owes it to itself, as well as to the family of
Christian nations, to examine well its grounds of
war, before it begins one, and to hold itself in a con-
dition to justify its act in the eyes of God and man.
Not satisfied of either the truth or validity of the
cause for our war with Mexico, in the alleged inter-
ference of Great Britain in Texian affairs, I feel my-
self bound to oppose it, and not the less because it
is deemed a small war. Our constitution knows no
difference between wars. The declaration of all
wars is given to Congress—not to the President
and Senate—much less to the President alone. Be-
sides, a war is an ungovernable monster, and there
is no knowing into what proportions even a small
one may expand, especially when the interference
of one large power may lead to the interference of
another.
Great Britain disavows (and that four times over)
all the designs upon Texas attributed to her. She
disavows everything. I believe I am as jealous of
the encroaching and domineering spirit of that pow-
er, as any reasonable man ought to be; but these
disavowals are enough for me. That government is
too proud to lie ! too wise to criminate its future
conduct by admitting the culpability which the dis-
avowal implies. Its fault is on the other side of the
account—in its arrogance in avowing, and even
overstating, its pretensions. Copenhagen is her
style! I repeat it, then, the disavowal of all
desigH to interfere with Texian independence,
or with the existence of slavery in Texas, is
enough for roc. I shall believe in it until I
see it disproved by evidence, or otherwise falsified.
Would to God that our administration could get
the same disavowal in all the questions of real dif-
ference between the two countries! that we could
get it in the case of the Oregon—the claim of search
 the claim of visitation—the claim of impressment
—the practice of liberating our fugitive and criminal
slaves—the repetition of the Schlosser invasion of
our territory and murder of our citizens—the out-
rage of the Comet, Encomium, Enterprise, and
Hermosa cases !
And here, without regard to the truth or falsehood
of this imputed design of British intentions to abol-
ish slavery in Texas, a very awkward circumstance
crosscs our path in relation to its validity, if true:
for, it so happens that we did that very thing our-
selves1 By the Louisiana treaty of 1803, Texas,
and all the country, between the Red river and Ar-
kansas, became ours, and was sublet to slavery: by
the treaty of 1819, made, sis Mr. Adams azures us,
by the majority of IVji' Monroe's cabinet, whowcie
southern meii, this Texas, and a hundred thousand
square miles of other ternary between (lie Reu rivei
and Arkansas, were dismembered from our Haw,
and added to Mexico, a non-slaveholding empire.
By that treaty of 1819, slavery was actually abolish-
ed in all that region in which we now only fear, con-
trary to the evidence, that there is a design to abol-
ish it! and the confines of a non-slaveholding empire
were then actually brought to the boundaries of
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri! the exact places
which we now so greatly fear to expose to the con-
tact of a non-slaveholding dominion. All this I
exposed at the time the treaty of 1810 was made,
and pointed out as one of the follies, or crimes, of
that unaccountable treaty; and now recur' to it m
my place here to absolve Mr. Adams, the negoti-
ator of the treaty of 1819, from the blame which I
then cast upon him. His responsible statement on
the floor of the House, of Representatives has ab-
solved htm from that blame, and transferred
it to the shoulders of the majority of Mr.
Monroe's cabinet. On seeing the report of
his speech in the papers, I deemed it right to
communicate with Mr. Adams, through a sena-
tor from his State, how in my eye, and who hears
what I say, (looking at Mr. Bates, of Massachu-
setts,) ana through him received the confirmation of
the reported speech, that he (Mr. Adams) was the
last of Mr. Monroe's cabinet to yield our true
boundaries in that quarter. [Here Mr. Bates nod-
ded assent.] Southern men deprived us of Texas,
and made it non-slaveholding in 1819. They did a
great mischief then: they should be cautious not
to err again in the manner of getting it back.
I have shown you, Mr. President, that the ratifi-
cation of this treaty would be war with Mexico—
that it would be unjust war, unconstitutionally-
made—and made upon a weak and groundless pre-
text. It is not my purpose to show for what ob-
ject this war is made—why these marching and
sailing orders have been giv,en—and why bur troops
and ships, as squadrons and covps of observation,
are now in the Gulf of. Mexico, watching Mexican
cities, or on the Red river, watching Mexican sol-
diers. I have not told the reasons for this war, and
warlike movements, nor is it necessary to do so.
The purpose of the whole ip plain and obvious. It
is in everybody's mouth. It is in the air, and we
can see and feel it. Mr. Tyler wants to be-Presi-
dent; and, different from the .perfumed fbp in
Shakspeare, to whom the smell of gunpow.der
was so offensive, he not only wants to smell
that compound, but also to smell of it. He
wants an odor of the "villanous compound" upon
him. He has become infected with the mod-
ern notion that gunpowder popularity is the pass-
port to the presidency; and ne wants that passport.
He wants to play Jackson; but let him have a care.
From the sublime to the ridiculous there is but a
step' and in heroic imitations, there is no middle
ground. 'The hero missed, the harlequin appears;
and hisses salute the ears which were itching for ap-
plause. Jackson was no candidate forthe presi-
dency when he acted the real, not the mock hero.
He staked himself for his country—did nothing but
what was just—and eschewed intrigue. His eleva-
tion to the presidency was the act of "his fellow-citi-
zens—not the machination of himself.
Having finished what he had to say m the body
of his speech, as an argument against the treaty for
its intrinsic defects, Mr. Benton proceeded to notice
some of the extraneous matter which had been
brought to its support, and upon which great reliance
had been placed, as authority and influence was to
supply the place of argument on this floor. At the
head of this extraneous matter, so precociously
used in. this chamber before the discussion had
opened, stand the letters and opinions of General
Jackson in favor of recovering Texas, and the dis-
membered part of the valley of the Mississippi, and
which are assumed to be in favor of the ratification
of this particular treaty. Concumng with General
Jackson now, as I did so many years ago, in the ne-
cessity and importance of recovering the country
saenfied by the treaty of 1819,1 cannot admit, from
anything that I have yet seen, that he ls.m favor ot
this particular treaty. I assume the contrary, and
rather suppose him to be against it, when seal and
examined oy him; and that upon data which I will
exhibit to the Senate. Thedata is this: that, m 1829,
bein  the first year of his presidency, General Jack-
son undertook to render the great seirvice to his
country of (retting back our sacrified terntoiy, ana,
by instructions through Mr. Van Buren to our min-
ister in Mexico, proposed to purchase back the
Whole or any i>«rt of the dismembered teyn-
U y whuh could be obtained. That propo-
fciuL of General Jackson did not fro the length
of this treaty by two thousand miles! It stop;
ped at the mountains which, he at the head or
The Red river and the Arkansas and which divided
the ancient Louisiana from New Mexico! and m
the desert prairies which he to the east of the Ts ue-
ces' His proposition included np pait of New
Mexico, Chihuahua, Coahuila, or Tamauhpas.
It extended to no part of the river, or ovcu of the.
vall'ev of the Rio del Norte. Not a drop of the
water of that river—not an inch of the soil o, its va,-
ley—did he propose to disrupt from its old posses-
sor and to incorporate into our Union. General
Jackson was a wise man, and a just man, and he.
was assisted by another man, his Secretary of State,
who was also wise and just They oieduated no
such crimc or folly as that of adding the left bank
of the Rio del Norte, from head to mouth, to our
Union. In seeking to recover the dismembered
. i&. I
