4tO
CONGRESSIONAL GlOfil.
Mr. PHELPS had but a few words to offer, in
addition to what he had said yesterday. He thought
the reduction of postage proposed by the bill, on the
whole, was too much, being two-thirds of the pres-
ent rates.
Mr. P. referred to the penal sections of the bill, to
show that things—such as steamboats, ships, &c 
were made subject to penalties, instead of persons—
such as the captains, owners, &c. He had
other objections—that those penalties were
too severe, and too unreasonable. This law-
would be one of internal arrangement—not
such a law as relates to commerce or' naviga-
tion, known to persons at sea; therefore it was un-
reasonable to presume that foreign vessels, visiting
our ports, should be acquainted with the law and
its penalties. He proceeded to show that, although
one of the clauses made a vessel liable to penalty for
an infraction of the law, constructively the penalty
could not be enforced unless the connivance of the
captain could be clearly proved; so that, to evade the
law, the captain would have only to shut his eyes,
or keep out of the way while those acts were done
which the law wished to prevent. But these were
minor objections, compared with the great evil he
had complained of yesterday—the enormous expen-
ditures lavished on contractors, and the immense
patronage of the department. Instead of looking to
the abolition of the franking privilege, the committee
should have looked into the Blue Book to find out
the great source of the embarrassments of the Post
Office Department. He had risen to show that the
committee looked to the wrong direction; it was idle
to suppose this bill would effect any satisfactory re-
form.
Mr. DAYTON thought the chairman of the Post
Office Committee did not strictly understand the ob-
jections which he (Mr. D.) had urged yesterday to
the phraseology of the bill. He called his attention
to the 6th section, in order to explain what he meant.
His objection was, that a limit was set to the mini-
mum of penalty, ($50,) without fixing the maxi-
mum; the next was, as to the person not being de-
signated who is to prosecute. The general law re-
ferred to by the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee, made the Postmaster General the agent of
prosecution. That general law was free from his
(Mr. D.'s) objections. But, under this bill, it was
not stated how this minimum fine of $50 is to be
recovered. It says it may be by action; but if so,
who i« to have the right of action? That is not spe-
cified.
Mr. D. stated many technical legal objections re-
quiring alterations in the phraseology. He sug-
gested some that would remove them; but stated that
lie was not himself prepared to make the amend-
ment. He had, therefore, been in favor of recom-
mitting the bill that there might be leisure to look to
the necessary alterations.
Mr. MERRICK appealed to gentlemen to stick to
the specific amendment pending. If they branched
off into every possible amendment that could be
suggested, they would never get through without
a/i immense Joss of time.
Mr. DAYTON said that he had heard from the
Chair that if'no other amendments were offered, the
bill would be reported. He was not aware, when
he spoke of such amendments as appeared neces-
sary to him, that the motion of the senator from
Rhode Island had been renewed.
Mr. MERRICK renewed his appeal to the sen-
ators to dispose of each amendment as it arose
Mr. WRIGHT could not vote for the amendment
now proposed. He concurred with those who
thought the Post Office Department ought to sustain
itself. He feared this could not be done if this
amendment prevailed. There was much, undoubt-
edly, in what the senator from Rhode Island had
urged with regard to the express routes. But it
seemed to be overlooked that the absolute reduction
of postage proposed by the bill was greater than the
apparent reduction. The change from the mode of
charging each single piece of paper with one letter
postage, to the proposition of charging one letter
postage on packages not exceeding half an ounce,
would afford a very great reduction. Instead of
paying, as heretofore, for a letter, and then separate-
ly for every bill or bank note enclosed in it, the
thinnest and lightest paper may be used, and
B? i?anJ' M"8 or bank notes may be en-
closed as will not make the package exceed
half an ounce, subjecting it to single postage; so that
the reduction ofpostage,in practice, would be very
considerable. The postage for the support of the
department must, in the main, depend upon the cor-
respondence of mercantile points, such as the great
seats of business and commerce. This would be
within a circuit of 250 miles round the great cities.
The friendly and social correspondence of the coun-
try would also be within a like circuit of every
post office. So that, calculating these two, it was
evident that the main source of revenue would come
within the circuit of 250 miles. If, therefore, this
amendment was adopted, it seemed to him that the
effect would be to throw the department upon the
treasury for a great portion of its support.
Mr. SIMMONS reiterated his proposition of
yesterday, that if Congress intended to reform the
post office laws, it was necessary to do it in conform-
ity with public sentiment, so as to secure public
co-operation in getting the carrying of all the mail
matter of the country brought into the mails. His
conviction was that there would be a large addition
to the revenue of the department, if the whols cor-
respondence of the country could be got into the
mail, even at the reduced rates of postage proposed.
The fact is notorious, that, within the circuit of 250
miles, on the express routes, twenty letters are sent
outside of the mail for the one that is carried by the
mail. These routes embrace the correspondence of
the only cities which yield a considerable profit on
the mail. The true question is, whether a reduction
shall be made which will justify public expectation,
and enlist universal co-operation, or one falling short
of what the community desired; if a partial reduc-
tion only is made, an absolute deficit must follow,
without the evil being corrected, or the public being
satisfied that a fair experiment had been tried.
A mistake had been made by those who had an-
swered him, in relation to his assertion that the mail
matter on the express routes might be increased
four-fold. It was presumed that he meant the
whole number of letters carried by mail throughout
the Union would be increased four-fold. Not so.
The correspondence of the express routes might be
increased eight-fold, and yet the whole correspond-
ence of the Union might not be more than doubled.
Some explanations were made between Messrs.
MERRICK and SIMMONS; after which,
Mr. SIMMONS modified his amendment, so as
to read that the charge on each letter, not exceeding
one sheet, shall be five cents for any distance not
exceeding 250 miles; and for all distances exceeding
250 miles, ten cents.
Mr. BIIEESE was not distinctly heard, but was
understood to say that he hoped the old mode
would not be thus sustained of keeping up the
charge by the sheet, instead of by weight.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he could not vote for
any amendment that would have the effect of re-
ducing the revenue of the department.
Mr. BATES observed that the effect would be
not to reduce the revenue.
Mr. MERRICK made a short explanation, stat-
ing the question on which the Senate had now to
vote.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered
on Mr. Simmons's amendment as modified, and
resulted—yeas 7, nays 31, as follows:
V KAS—Messrs. Bates, Choate, Francis, Huntington,
Porter, Simmons, and Tappan-7.
'"N1 a v S—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atheiton, Baghy, Barrow,
Enrvien, Bieese, Buchanan, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton,
Kvans, Fairfield, Fnlton, llannegan, Henderson, Hue;er,
Jarnagin, King, McDuttie, Merrick, Phelps, Rives, Sous
J)lo, bcuer, Tallmailge, Upham, Walker, White, Wood-
hury, and Wright—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that he had offered some
amendments the other day, which he would now
move. The first, was, to strike out the latter part
of the 7th section, which is in the following words:
"And the members of Congress, the delegates
from Territories, the secretary of the Senate, and the
clerk of the House of Representatives, shall be, and
they are hereby, authorised to transmit, free of post-
age, to any post office within the United States, or
the Territories thereof, any documents which have
been or may be printed by order of either House
Of Congress, any thing in this law to the contrary
notwithstanding."
Mr. MERRICK said the proposition was to strike
out that portion of the franking privilege which
preserves the right of members of Congress to send
free of postage all printed documents printed by
Congress for general dissemination. This sort of
matter was always ordered to be printed by Con-
gress for such distribution. There could be no pro-
priety in abolishing that privilege. He hoped there-
fore the amendment would not prevail.
Mr. WRIGHT said his intention was not to
spend much time upon this amendment, for he had
no hope that it would meet much favor. He con-
ceived that the matter to be disseminated would be
as well and as easily disseminated by the public
journals, without the great expense which it costs
Congress, and for which there was no real neces-
sity. He had, in various instances, found the pub-
lic journals more expeditious in disseminating the
President's messages at the beginning of each session
of Congress, than the mode of transmitting by mail
that document, as printed by both Houses.
He did not believe it was very useful to send the
documents at all in this way, for the public papers
always anticipated them. While the mail would
be relieved from the great weight of matter, a still
greater saving would be made in the item of print-
ing for Congress. The effect of this privilege was
to induce the printing of documents, of no general in-
terest for circulation. He had not the least apprehen-
sion that the public would not be as well informed by
the public, journals on all matters, as they are now
by the dissemination of the printed documents
through the mail, On this amendment he called for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN said it was not often that he dif-
fered from the senator from New York, for he
was one of those men for whose judgment
he entertained the highest sentiments of con-
fidence and respect; but in this matter he could
not help thinking that it would be better not to strike
out this portion of the bill. If there was too much
printing done by Congress, the remedy was easy
and obvious; it was to cease printing so much: but
he believed there was rather too little than too much
of the documents printed for general dissemination
among the people—of those important doings of
Congress which most deeply and vitally affected the
interests of the people. These are doings which
the people have a right to be informed of, in the
most ample, authentic, and satisfactory manner.
Questions of fact were often started at a thousand
nnles from the Capitol, pending elections, when it
was of the first impoitance to have authentic docu-
ments to refer to for their solution. For his own
part, he was in the habit of sending to the printers
of newspapers m his State copics of all the impoit-
ant documents which he received for distribution;
and he believed it was the practice of those printers
to preserve them as a sort of library for reference,
which was generally found exceedingly convenient
to the surrounding neighborhood. He had no
doubt the same was done by others. So that a
great want of public information would be felt, if
this source were cut off.
Mr. WRIGHT remarked that, if the senator's
object was to have libraries of reference throughout
the country, it could be accomplished m another
and a much cheaper way; by Congress publishing
for such purpose a cheap compendium of the most
important documents for such distribution. But
this was not a thing he recommended. He trusted
to the dissemination by the public journals of the
information which these documents contained. He
doubted if half the. latter were ever read by those to
whom they were sent—the newspapers having an-
ticipated them.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wright's
amendment; and resulted—yeas 10, nays 28, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Baghr, Breese. Fairfield,
ringer, King, Tallmadge, Tappan, White, and Wright-7.
NA\ S— Messrs. Allen, Archer, Banow, Bates "Bayard,
Berrien, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans.'fo<-
tor, Kianeis, Fulton, Hannegun, Henderson, Jarnag-in,
McDuffie, Merrick, J'helps, Porter, Kives, Scrapie, Sevier,
Simmons, Upham, Walker, and Woodbur) —26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WOODBURY rose for the purpose of in-
quiring from the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee as to the rate of increase in postage as the
weight increased over half an ounce. By the bill,
the additional weight is charged 100 per cent, for
every 50 per cent, of the first charge. He could
see no reason why they should not be of the sonic
ratio. For instance: on every addition of a quarter
of an ounce beyond the first half ounce, to add
postage in the same ratio as the first charge. He
therefore moved to strike out the word double in
the 16th line of the first section, and insert 50 per
cent, more than. As an illustration that nothing
would be gained by letting the word double remain, he
pointed out that a letter weighing an ounce would be
charged fifteen cents under the bill as it now stands;
but if divided into two letters of only half ail ounce
each, the postage on the two would be only ten
