484
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cqng....;1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
part of our own country, they did not undertake to
dismember the empire of a neighbor. Like a gen«
era), he saw the natural frontier of his country in the
ridge of mountains at the head of the Red river and
Arkansas, and in the desert prairies which lie east of
the Nueces; and, like a statesman, he was for limit-
ing the domain of his country to this natural fron-
tier. Leaving the whole valley of the Rio del Norte
to the Mexicans, and taking the whole valley of the
Mississippi to ourselves, he sought a line suitable to
both parties, more than a hundred miles this side
of the Rio Grande, and even east of the little river
Nueces, a solitary frontier stream, connected with
no system of rivers, and without a single geograph-
ical affinity, and falling into the Gulf of Mexico in
a shallow and difficult part of its coast. This was
his boundary, and no act of his life shows a more
wise and enlightened forecast. A less sagacious
head would have stood out for our ancient claim to
the lower Rio del Norte; his judgment enabled him
to see that that would be an encroachment upon
the geographical divisions of Mexico—would bring
the population of two great countries into contact
and collision—give rise to disputes for the naviga-
tion of the river, and the possession of its mouth—
and sow the seeds of eternal dissension m advancing
a salient angle of one empire into the natural domain
of another. His sagacious mind saw this; and
waiving the question of old limits, he took those
which the future peace and harmony of the two
countries required, and left the whole extent of the
Rio del Norte—every inch of its. soil, and every
drop of its waters, with all its towns and villages,
ana all its fields and flocks—to its ancient possessors,
who had held it for centuries. In this he was sec-
onded by Mr. Van Buren, his Secretary of State,
and who, in his recent letter, has brought this great
fact to light. I quote a paragraph from it:
"Having charge of the Department of State in 18*29,1 prepar
ed, by direction of the President, instructions to our minis
ter at Mexico, by which, he was directed to open, without
delay, a negotiation with the Mexican government for the
purchase of the greater part of the then province of Texas,
and by which lie was likewise authorized to insert in the
treaty a provision similar to that in the Louisiana and Flori-
da treaties, for the incorporation of the inhabitants of Texas
into the Union, as soon as it could be done consistently with
the principles of the federal constitution. The teasons in fa-
tar of this measure I stated 'it large in that document.
"In taking this step, the administration of President Jack-
son renewed (but, as was supposed, under more favorable
circumstances) an attempt to accomplish the same object
which had been made by its immediate predecessor. In-
structions similar in their general object had, in the second
year of the latter administration, been sent from the Depart-
ment of State to the same American minister at Mexico. I
am not aware that there were any material deferences be-
tween them, other than that those of 1825 proposed an ac-
quisition of territory as far west as the Rio dtd Norte—be-
ing, 1 believe, the* extreme boundary of Texas; whilst the
cession asked for by Pie&ident Jackson extended only as Jar
'weas the centre of the desert or Grand Pi ah ir, which hr$
east, of the river Nueces; and that for the former the payment
of one million of dollars was authorized; whilst by the ad-
ministration of President Jackson the Ainciiuan minister
■was permitted to go as high as four, and, if indispensable,
five millions. Both authorized agreements for smaller pil-
lions oj tetntory; and the payments were modified accordingly.
In respect to the proposed stipulation for the ultimate incor-
poration of the inhabitants into the Union, both instructions
were identical."
This brief paragraph from Mr. Van Buren's let-
ter justifies all that 1 have said in relation to the
boundary proposed by General Jackson in 1829.
It shows that he stopped at the mountains, and at
the desert line of the Nueces; that he would not
touch tRe Rio Grande, even at its mouth! Seeing,
and knowing this, and having always known it, (for
1 was cotemporary with that transaction,) I cannot
believe that General Jackson is now for Polish dis-
memberment of Mexico! for taking two thousand
miles of territory from the weak and peaceable
neighbor now, without asking their consent, from
whom he would not even propose to buy it in 1829.
I shall not believe any such thing of him until} see
it under his own hand. 1 cannot, therefore, believe
that he is iu favor of this treaty, which, with insult
and outrage, plunders Mexico of that which he weuld
not even ask as a purchase from her. If it should
be otherwise, it -would still not govern ray opinion;
but written, as these letters evidently are, without a
knowledge of the treaty, I must be free to say that
they do not weigh a feather oil my mind in favor of
its ratification.
But! am not done yet with this attempt of Gen.
.Jackson to recover back our territory, so unaccount-
ably thrown away in 1819. Mr. Van Buren says
the instructions to our minister in Mexico (and in
that they corresponded with those in Mr. Adams's
time) proposed to obtain any proportion of the sac-
rificed territory if the whole could not be got
back. This was wise and considerate. -There was
a marked difference between different parts of the dis-
membered territory—between Texas proper, lying
to the south of the Red river, and the large dis-
trict north of Red river, and up to the Arkansas,
which never was a part of Texas, but an undisputed
part of Louisiana, on which a great trade in furs
and peltries had been carried on from St. Louis for
about one hundred years—to wit, from about the
year 1720 till the country was given away in 1819.
This district comprised at least one hundred thou-
sand square miles, whereon a great number of tra-
ders were conducting their business under licenses
from the United States superintendent of Indian
affairs at St. Louis at the very moment of the un-
natural and wicked dismemberment. Besides these
traders, thus occupying this large district for a
hundred years, a new trade hod just sprung up be-
tween Missouri and New Mexico, in the track of
which this district lay; and thus, what had been
United States territory from the banks of the Ar-
kansas up to the summit of the mountains, within a
day's march of Tuos, the frontier town, and the
custom-house town of New Mexico, instantly be-
came foreign territory! taken from under our juris-
diction, and subject to none: for Mexico was too
weak to govern the marauding Indians who roamed
over it, and the banditti of white men who imme-
diately resorted to it. This great district, thus ta-
ken from the government which could command it,
and transferred to one that could not, became, from
the instant, and has remained to the present time,
and must remain till the United States recovers its
possession, the domain ef robbers and murderers,
through which the merchants can only pass in arm-
ed caravans, prepared at every instant for battle, and
often attacked and plundered by an army of Indians,
or organized bodies of white banditti. Detach-
ments of United States troops have been often sent
out to protect these caravans, but were stopped by a
foreign boundary at the very point where protection
became necessary. They were stopped at the Ar-
kansas river; and the detachment which crossed that
river last summer, under Captain Cook, and disarm-
ed an" assemblage of brigands, assuming to be led
by a Texian colonel, were subjected to the censure
of invading foreign territory, and made the subject
of complaint from the Texian government. Tlie
ease of Snively is mentioned apologetically in the
correspondence which accompanies the treaty. This
district, so distinct from Texas, so long our occu-
pied property, and so essential to the safety of our
traders, the sagacity and justice of General Jackson
endeavored to get back even without Texas, if Texas
could not be got back with it. The instructions di awn
by Mr. VanBuren, while urging the recovery of all
the sacrificed country out to the Nueces, at the same
time dwelt upon the necessity of recovering the region
which lay in the rear of Missouri and Arksnsas, and
stretched across the trading route which led from
Missouri to Santa Fe. The attempt to obtain any
part of the country failed; but the mere attempt m
General Jackson was meritorious: and in endeavor-
ing to recover the wilderness domain between the
Arkansas and the Red river, if no more could be
obtained, he gave a signal proof of his considerate
regard for the inhabitants of Missouri and Arkan-
sas, and others who traded on that route.
The reasons in favor of the measure, (recovering
Texas to the Nueces and all the dismembered parts
of the valley of the Mississippi up to the head
springs of the Red river and Arkansas:) the reasons
in favor of this measure I stated at large, says Mr.
Van Buren, in that document; that is to say, in the
letter of instructions to our minister in Mexico, in
18S29, to recover the country dismembered by the
fatal treaty of 1819. Mr. Van Buren drew those
instructions, and gave those reasons; and tlicy place
him in the list of the early, disinterested, and pa-
triotic advocates for the recovery of Texas. No self-
ish or sinister design disfigured that noble state
paper, or tainted its object, or origin. No intrigue
for the presidency—no stock-jobbing—no land
speculating—no invention of absurd and groundless
pretexts to exasperate one half the Union against
the other, and to insult a foreign power: none of these
degrading schemes and polluting motives then had
a place in the Texas movement. All was open, fair,
patriotic, and disinterested. I happen to know
something about it: for, as the first and earliest ad-
vocate for the recovery of Texas, I was deemed
worthy to be a little consulted on the occasion; and
knowing what was intended, wrote the two essays of
Jlmericanus, and the nine essays of La Salle, to pro-
mote its success, Jackson, Van Buren, and the poor
speaker who now addresses you, were then the Texas
advocates! and where were those who now put
themselves at thd head of the Texas movement, and
denounce its old friends? Where were they when
Jackson, Van Buren, and Benton, each in his
sphere, were exerting themselves for the accomplish-
ment of the great object? Where were they then?
They were no where'! no where in the great move-
ment, either as leaders or followers ! and stand ob-
noxious to the accusation of being indifferent or
inimical to the great national measure, of which
they now constitute themselves the incontinent
champions.
Another extrinsic consideration which lias been
pressed into the service of this treaty, is the oft-re-
peated cry of now, or never, so incessantly resound-
ed in our ears. This cry is founded upon the
British plots in Texas, first revealed by MEr. Duff
Green's private letter from London, and so inces-
santly propagated afterwards. The story has had
an uncontradicted run for nine months; that is to say,
from August, 1843, when it was received here, down
to the day ofthe publication of the Texas documents.
This only took place a few weeks ago; and then, for
the first time, it was seen that the British govern-
ment, as soon as it'heard of the ill designs attrib-
uted to it, immediately gave them no less than four
full, broad, direct, unqualified denials. It denied all
design to interfere with slavery in Texas, or with
slavery in the United States through Texas; all de-
sign to colonize Texas, or to make it a British de-
pendency, or to acquire any dominant influence in
Texas, or to have any kind of connexion with her
except the fair and open trade and "commerce which
she has with all other nations. These denials, com-
ing from a government which never disavows its
real designs, and whose style is to drive on any pol-
icy it has adopted with a high hand and a bold front:
these denials, coming from such a government, have
completely annihilated the nine months' story, and
left all who have had an opportunity of seeing them
completely at rest with respect to British designs on
Texas. That "ratohead and bloody-bones^ has now
ceased to play its part in the Texas drama; and we
must look now for (he danger, not in British designs
upon Texas, but in Texian designs upon G. Britain.
According to the new reading of the danger, Texas,
repulsed by the United States, is to throw herself
forthwith into the arms of Great Britain. This is a
libel upon the people of Texas. They are not mon-
archists or British adherents, but republicans and
Americans; and every feeling of their hearts, and
every calculation of their interest, leads them as
strongly to unite with the Americas as to hold back
from the British. There is nothing British in Tex-
as, and cannot be. A British party, if planted there,
would perish in the first moment of its public dis-
covery.
Another invention pressed in to the aid of this
treaty, is the report that Santa Anna and the Mex-
ican government are secretly delighted at the an-
nexation, and will rejoice in such a deliverance from
a troublesome province. The cause, Mr. President,
must need aid which can have recourse to an ar-
tifice so absurd and so short-lived! Is it not known
that the Mexican minister, when he heard of this
negotiation, filed an official notification, by the com-
mand of his ^government, that the ratification of the
treaty of annexation would be war between the
United States and Mexico? Is it not known that
this minister withdrew from our seat of government,
and ceased all diplomatic intercourse with us, the
instant the treaty was signed? Is it not known that
a messenger has been sent to Mexico, bearer of a
most deprecatory letter to prevent Mexico from
taking "a belligerent atl'diulc to the United Stales
and, that, for fear of such attitude, detachments of
our army have been ordered to the Mexican frontier
by sea and land, to observe the enemy, to repel inva-
sion, and to protect our citizens and their commerce?
Is it not knows that our President considers Texas
ours by the mere fact of commissioners signing a
treaty, to remain so till the rejection of the treaty, (if
rejected;) and, in the mean time, as a consequence
of this inchoate annexation, he has already assumed
the burden of the Texian war with Mexico,
and ordered our military and naval detachments to
report to President Houston, and communicate with
him? Are not these things known here? and, if so,
is it not an impudent attempt at a public imposition
to represent the Mexican government as being de-
lighted with the tieaty? Why keep it a secrct from
them, if they were pleased with it5 Why despatch
a messenger, immediately after its signature, with
that jetter of volunteer apologies; and, if report is true^,
