486
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Wright.
Senaet,
United States cotemporaneously with the signature
of the annexation treaty, to resist an outbreak from
Santa Anna, and a dreaded invasion of the Mexi-
cans on hearing of the treaty. This preliminary little
treaty, if true, explains the secret of our military
and naval movement: but, at the same time, it leaves
unexplained an act which has no parallel in legal
governments, and which supposes the United States
to be without a law, without a constitution, without
a Senate, and without a House of Representatives.
This secret engagement, if there is one, to send or
lend our army and navy in this way, can only be
paralleled in the family compacts of Europe, where
the monarch has all the issues of peace and war,
and all the sinews of war,- in his own h^nds, and
uses .the whole at his own pleasure for the support
of a friend or brother. To get a pretext for this
loan of the army and navy of the United States to
a foreign power, a feat of insanity is performed, in
assuming that the articles agreed upon by commis-
sioners, and sent to us for advice and consent, is a
real treaty till rejected! whereas, it happens to be
no treaty, nor to have the least force, until ratified!
and that by two Senates! and promulgated by two
Presidents! and that upon the exchange of ratifica-
tions!
The Senate will pardon me, Mr. President, if I
descend to some details, personal to myself, in the
conclusion of this tedious discourse. I come from
a State which, of all others, is most interested in the
recovery of Texas, and the dismembered territory.
I am myself the oldest advocate for that recovery;
yet it is presented in a way that compels me to op-
pose it. As far back as 1818, and before the treaty
of 1819 was fully concluded, I imprecated a wo
upon the head of the statesman who should give that
part of our country away. As far back as 1829, I
invoked a blessing on the head of the President who
should get it back. Here is what I said on each
occasion:
"Thus far the correspondence on the part of Mr. Adams
is, m our opinion, entitled to much approbation; but, in
coming to answer the third condition of Don Luis's propo-
sition, he departed from the character of an American
statesman. He agreed to give up a part of the water that
falls into the Mississippi! not, indeed, the whole that Don
Luis had demanded, but enough to startle the people, who
would as soon submit to the dismemberment of their own
bodies as to the dismemberment of that noble stream. He
agreed to give up the right bank of the Red river from
its source in the Rocky mountains down to the western
boundary of the State of Louisiana—a distance of twelve or
fifteen hundred miles! Fortunately, the concession was
not accepted: Mr. Adams reclaimed ins ofler, and the people
of the United States may indulge the hope that their feel-
ings will never again be shocked by the like proposition.
The magnificent Valley of the Mississippi is theirs, with all
its fountains, springs, and floods; and wo to the statesman
who undertakes to surrender one droD of its water—one
inch of its soil—to any foreign power."
This was the imprecation of the wo in 1819; the
invocation of the blessing was in 1829, and was in
these words:
"The western people have a claim from the laws of God
and nature, to the exclusive possession of the entiie Valley
of the Mississippi. This magnificent valley was, and it
ought to be, theirs, in all its extent and circumference—
to the head spring of every stream that drains it, to the sum-
mit ridge ol the mountains which enclose it. It was,
and ought to be, theirs, in all its borders and dimensions,
with all its woods and groves, "with all its fountains,
springs and floods. No foreign flag should \v ave ovei any
part of it. Not an inch of its soil should be trod, not a drop
of its waters should be drunk, by any foreign power. 'I he
American people alone should "have it; and as execrations,
loud and deep, pursue the negotiator who dismembered it—
•who despoiled this imperial valley of two >of its noblest
rivers, and 200,000 square miles of its finest territory—so
will benedictions, fervent and lasting, thicken ovei the
head, and crown the honors, of the American President who
shall restore it to its natural possessors and to its pristine
integrity."
This is what I wrote twenty-five years, and fif-
teen years ago; and strange to see! the two men,
one of whom was then giving away the country in
Mr. Monroe's cabinet, and the other sanctioning the
gift in the House of Representatives, and both of
whom were indifferent and silent when Mr. Adams
and Mr. Clay in 1825, and Gen. Jackson and Mr.
Van Buren in 1829, were endeavoring to get it
back; these two gentlemen are now the champions
of immediate recovery! and pursue, as enemies to the
measure, all its consistent old friends who cannot
join the new converts in their sudden, reckless, and
monstrous couise. Immediate recovery alone suits
them. A year, a month, would be two late. Forty
days before the Baltimore convention is the "mtcli-
i/iij time."
I am now, upon this subject, as upon most
others, what I have always been: consistent
and uniform. I want Texas; not the Texas
of new dimensions, stretching from the head
spring to the mouth of the Rio Grande, but the
Texas of La Salle, and of Jackson, with all the dis-
membered country between the Red river and the
Arkansas. I want this Texas, and this region; and
mean to get it when I can without dishonor or un-
just war. _ I want it for great national reasons, pal-
pable as light, powerful as truth, and permanent as
nature. I want it for such reasons as these; and I
wash my hands of all weak and shallow pretexts,
degrading to ourselves, and offensive to a govern-
ment with which we already have many causes of
quarrel, in which we are in the right, and which we
should not supersede by a new causeo f quarrel, found-,
ed on a miserable pretext, and in which we are in the
wrong. The reasons given in the correspondence for
this sudden immediate annexation: these reasons, in
all their extent, from their alpha, in the private let-
ter from London, to their omega, in the ex post fado
discoveries in Lord Aberdeen's despatch, 1 look up-
on as miserable and contemptible, and rejoice to see
every senator turning his back upon them. Even
those who support the treaty repudiate the reasons
on which it is founded.
In my own State, the sentiment of the people, I
am well assured, is almost unanimous in favor of
getting back the country lost by the treaty of 1819.
1 do not know that they are in favor of getting it
on the terms which this treaty involves. If they
were, and I knew it, I should resign my place; for I
could neither violate their known wishes in voting
against it, nor violate my own sense of constitutional
and moral duty in voting for it. Twenty-four years
I have sat in this chamber, and have had the gratifi-
cation, all the time, and especially on many trying
occasions, when I voted on my own convictions, to
give satisfaction to my constituents. If it should be
otherwise now, it would be a source of deep regret
to me; but, with my opinions of this treaty, it is
impossible for me to support it; and if the alterna-
tive should be the extinction of my political life, I
should have to embrace it.
SPEECH OF MR. WRIGHT,
OF NEW YORK,
In Senate, Friday, April 19, 1844.
Mr. McDuffif., of South Carolina, introduced
in the Senate a bill proposing to reduce all duties,
under the present tariff law, which are above the
rate of 20 per cent., to that rate, by gradual reduc-
tions. That bill was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and the committee reported the bill back to
the Senate, without amendment, with a resolution
recommending its indefinite postponement, upon the
fround that the constitution requires that all such
ills shall originate in the House of Representa-
tives.
The question being upon this resolution, reported
by the Committee on Finance, Mr. Bagby, of Ala-
bama, was entitled to the floor, and he yielded it to
Mr. Wright.
Mr. WRIGHT said his honorable friend from
Alabama was entitled to his thanks for thus gene-
rously yielding to him the privilege to address the
Senate at this time, and he sincerely tendeied them
to him.
The question in form, was the bill introduced by
the honorable senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDuffie,] and the resolution of the committee
proposing its indefinite postponement; but the ques-
tion in fact, and to which the discussion had been
principally diiected, was the modification, in any
form, and to any extent, of the present tariff law.
The latter was the question it was his exclusive ob-
ject and purpose to discuss.
In reference to the bill referred to, and the resolu-
tion of the committee proposing a final disposition
of it, he would merely remark, that the difficulties
which had been suggested against originating such
bills in the Senate, under the provision of the con-
stitution, that "all bills for raising revenue shall
originate in the House of Representatives," had not
been obviated m his mind, and he could not vote for
the bill of the honorable senator in the shape in
which he had presented it.
The question whether any, and what, modifica-
tions ought to be made to the present tariff law, was
one of great importance, of which he was not in-
sensible. lie believed he felt, as deeply as he was
capable of feeling, its magnitude and delicacy. He
had not forgotten that it was a question affecting all
the great interests of the country, and, to a greater
or less extent, the private interests of almost every
citizen. He was not insensible that it intermixed
itself with the political feelings, as well as interests,
of parties and individuals; and that, at a time like
the present, pending a heated political canvass, it
could not be kept separated from the prejudices and
passions which such a canvass was too liable to
excite. Still, he felt it to be his duty to discuss the
question fairly and candidly and fully, and that duty
he intended to discharge. He should endeavor to
regard all the interests and all the feelings to be
affected by the discussion; and to express his opin-
ions without reserve, upon all the points he should
raise. That he should avaid errors, he dared not to
hope; but that he should be able to express himself
in a manner not to give just offence to any individ-
ual, or to any interest, and much less to any mem-
ber of the Senate, he did earnestly hope.
The manner of the passage of the present tariff
law, and the circumstances which attended its
passage through both Houses of Congress, and
especially through the Senate, gave the fullest as-
surance to the country that some, at least, who
voted for it, did not expect it would produce con-
tent and quiet in the public mind, or that it could
be permanent. He was one of those who enter-
tained these anticipations in regard to that law, at
the time of its passage, and he gave expression to
them upon that occasion. After he found his
efforts, and those of all others, to remedy its man-
ifest defects, must be ineffectual, and that the law
must pass as it was, or not at all, his conclusion to
vote for it was one of the most reluctant he had
ever formed as to the discharge of a public duty;
and he could not consent to give that vote, with-
out placing upon record the reasons for it, and
an assurance of his future readiness, whenever the
opportunity should present, to correct the errors
which he felt convinced were prevalent in the pro-
visions of the act. That assurance was distinctly
given in the remarks to which he referred. It had
never been forgotten by him, nor had he been per-
mitted to forget it; for his friends, and espechu.ytne
honorable senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Woodbury,] had been careful to remind him of it in
the course of this debate, for which he thanked
them.
Among the reasons then given for his vote, he beg-
ged to bring the recollection of the Senate to that of
a suspension of the distribution of the proceeds of
the public lands. That reason alone was most
powerful with him, and most especially so as con-
nected with the legislation of Congress of this char-
acter. He considered that a measure directly cal-
culated, if not intended, to produce the necessity for
high duties; and its continuance, even for a few
few years, appeared to him strongly to threaten to
make that necessity perpetual, by making the re-
peal or suspension of that law impossible. He
should, therefore, have voted for an otherwise very
bad law, to accomplish that great good. His other
reasons were connected with the then state of the
treasury, the condition of the public credit, and our
rapidly accumulating national debt; and he would
content himself with a simple reference to them, as
then given.
In proceeding with this discussion, he was not at
liberty to forget the character and extent of the va-
rious interests it was his duty to represent, in legis-
lating upon this subject. The mechanical and man-
ufacturing inteiests of the State of New York arc
second to those in few of the States of the Union.
They exist to a large extent, and in almost all their
varieties, in that State, and are rapidly increasing
and very important interests.
The commercial interest of the State is very far
greater than the same interest in any other of the
States, and the enterprise and energy engaged in it
are certainly second to none. Its health and pros-
perity are highly essential to the well being of all the
other great interests of the State and country, and
they should not fail to command the careful atten-
tion of every representative from the State in Con-
gress.
The agricultural interest of the State is the basis
of all the others, and is paramount to all in extent
and importance. Represent what else he may, eve-
ry representative from the State, out of her principal
city, represents an agricultural interest greater than
any and all others, and of which not one of them
can, or will, be unmindful. The agricultural interest
of New York is a less exclusive interest than in
some of the other Slates; but it is second in extent
of capital, and in importance, to the same interest in
few, if any, of the States.
The great interest of labor, as an independent in-
listmct and separate from capital, exists a*
