11 r'v-v?#>y uy^.i-u
GONHRESSIONAL GLOgfe
 
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee rise:
rejected. ^ ,
Mr. TIBBATTS called the attention of the chair-
man of the committee to the reduction proposed
in the pay of the lieutenants, which he thought too
much for this grade. By the 15th section of the act
of 1835 these ..officers were allowed an additional
ration for five years' service. He proposed an amend-
ment to retain this allowance.
Mr. BLACK, of South Carolina, referred to the:
table of reductions in the report, which he explained,
and contended that the proportionate reduction was
not greater for this class of officers than for the
others. The extra ration for every five years' service
had been given to all the officers; and the chief ben-
efits of ihe section of the act to which the gentle-
man referred had enured to tlje officers of the higher
grades. „
The amendment was was rejected.
Mr. PARMENTER offered an amendment to
continue the same extra allowance to marines, as
is granted by existing laws to seamen on foreign
service] for detention in service, Rafter the expira-
tion of the terms of their enlistment. This amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to amend, the twenty-second
section, so as to abolish corporal punishment for
desertion.
Mr. HOLMES asked if the infliction of punish-
ment by stripes and lashes was not already abol-
ished.
Mr. BLACK said that it was, except for the
crime of desertion, which was now punishable by
stripes and lashes. The section of the bill they
were now on, provided for the abolishment of that
kind of punishment for desertion, and to substitute
imprisonment and hard labor for it.
Mr. HALE said he understood that corporal
punishment of some kind now existed in the army.
[A member said: "yes, by paddling or cobbing."]
His object was to abolish corporal punishment alto-
gether. He would agree to leave in the punishment
of confinement and hard labor for the crime of de-
sertion as it now was in the section.
Mr. RATHBUN moved a further amendment, to
make the term of punishment not less than one, nor
more than five years, instead of not less than three,
nor moie than six, as in the bill.
Mr. SEMPLE moved to strike out six years, and
insert three.
This motion was rejected; and then
The amendment of Mr. Rathbun and the amend-
ment of Mr. Half, were agreed to.
Mr. COLES moved to strike out the whole sec-
tion: rejected.
On the motion of Mr. VANCE, the committee
rose, and reported progress.
Mr. C. JOHNSON submitted a statement, show-
ing the changes made by law in the pay, subsistence,
forage, &c., of the officers, non-commissioned of-
ficers, and piivates of the army, from the year 1791
to the present period, and moved that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. ROBKRT SMITH: The memorial of M. E. Ferris,
and 77 other oitr/ens or Chester, m the State of Illinois,
praying Congress to make liberal and adequate appiopria-
tions for the improvement of the Mississippi river and its
tributaries, and the harbor of St. Louis. 'Ihe memonalists
set forth the importance to the whole West, of speedy and
efficient action by Congress to protcct the lives and piopcr-
ty of their citizens. Also, the memorial of L. T. Phillips,
and 15 other citrons of Caledonia, Illinois: reierred to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Mrs Mary Hiek^, of
Jessamine county, Kentucky, widow of William Hicks, de-
ceived, soldier ol the war of the revolution, praying that
her claim to a pension during life ma} be made to com.
mence the J.-t of March, 184-3; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. HA\ A memorial of cili?ens of Mercer county,
Pennsylvania praying that the transportation of the mail*
on the Sabbath day ma\ he prohibited: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post" Office and Post Koads.
By >11. BOY'u. The papers of Elizabeth Ward, in favor of
n pension
By Mr. ATKINSON- Thn petition of Catharine Armstead,
of Porsmouth, Virginia, w^dow of Lieutenant Armstead, late
United Statc-s Xunne Corps, asking to be placed on the pen-
sion list*, referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
petition of.Margaret Worth, of Portsmouth, Virginia, widow
of Lieutenant Worth, late United States navj , for a pension:
referred to the C ommittee on Naval Afiairs.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of Jesse Coppock, and 48
others, citizens of the Wirm.im.ac land district, State of In-
diana, praying some regulation to be made ^ by law for the
reclaiming the wet lands in the said land district by drainage.
Also the petition of Thomas Bentley, and 43 others, for the
same object. Also the petition of Jacob Russell, and 46
others, for the same object. Also the petition of William C.
Coppock, and 45 others, for the same object. Also the peti-
tion of Charles Palmer, and 37 others, for the same object.
Also the petition of William Montgomery, and 37 others, for
the same object.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Peter Tiernan, and 101
others, citizens of St. Louis, Missouri, praying an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the western waters. Also, the
petition of Presley C&rr Lane, and 70 others, citizens of
Marion county, Missouri, praying appropriations for the im-
provement of the western waters; referred to the Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
By Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana; The petition of Alfred Had-
ley, and 88 other citizens of Parke county, praying for the
vacant lands in the "Vincennes land district, Indiana, for the
purpose of continuing the Wabash and Erie canal from
Terre Haute to Evamville, Indiana: referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of John C. Williams,
for damages, &c incurred during the lost war.
By Mr. HELFE: The petition of Pierre Chouteau, and
others, praying Congress to inquire into and adjust the
claim of the le^al representatives of Julien Dubuque to a
certain tract ol land in the Territory of Iowa, granted by
the Baron de Carondelet intendant general of Louisiana, to
said Dubuque on the 10th November. 1796: referred to
the Committe on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of numerous citizens of
Niagara county, praying for the repeal of the l'2th section
of the act for the regulation of seamen.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 3, 1844.
Mr. SEMPLE presented a petition from A. P.
Dunbar, and other citizens of Coles county, Illi-
nois, asking for an appropriation of land to aid in
the improvement of the Wabash river; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition from
Benjamin R. Tmslar, a surgeon in the navy of the
United States, asking; for compensation as acting
fleet surgeon on the Pacific station: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from James
Craig, and 50 other citizens of Jo Daviess county,
Illinois, praying an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the western waters, and
the sale of mineral lands: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial from Daniel Hay, and 114 other
citizens of White and Wayne counties, Illinois,
asking for a grant of land to aid m the improvement
of the navigation of the Wabash river: referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial from William Hempstead, and
342 other citizens of Galena, Illinois, praying for
an appropriation for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the western waters: referred to the Commit-
tje on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented five memorials from
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that the present
tariff may be continued in existence, unless it was
ascertained by experience that a change or amend-
ment in it was required: referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Also, a memorial from David A. Renfrew and
other inhabitants of western Pennsylvania, praying
that the constitution of the United States may be so
so altered as to acknowledge the existence of a su-
perintending Providence: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
Daniel Whitney and others, asking that patents may
be issued to them for certain tracts of land in the vi-
cinity of Fort Howard, at Green Bay: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition from a number of citizens of
Summit county, Ohio, praying that no alteration
may be made in the existing tariff; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, three memorials from citizens of Summit
county, Ohio, remonstrating against any proceeding
on the part of the Senate tending to the annexation
of Texas to the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from Peter
Von Schmidt, inventor of the pneumatic dry-dock,
asking that his plan may be tested by the govern-
ment: referred to the Committee on Naval Afiairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
town of Deerfield, and three from citizens of the
town of Rome, Oneida county, New York, pray-
ing that no alteration may be made in the existing
tariff; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance. . .
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Colchester, Vermont, remonstrating against
any legislation changing the rates of duty under the
present tariff.
On motion by Mr. P., (who remarked that all
parties in Vermont were friendly to the sentiments
of the mem6rial,) it was referred to the Committee
on Finance. , ^
Mr. P. also presented a memorial, numerously
signed by citizens of Newfane, Vermont, protest-
ing against the annexation of Texas to the United
States, by treaty or otherwise, without the consent
of all the States, maintaining that, without such
consent, its annexation would be unconstitutional,
injurious to the rights and interests, and dangerous
to the peace and prosperity of the Union. Mr. P.
remarked that, upon this subject, as well as the
other, there was but one sentiment in Vermont: re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of John
Bruce, asking remuneration for losses under a eon-
tract for removing obstructions to the Ohio river.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Catharine Gale, the widow
of Anthony Gale, late an officer in the United States
marine corps, for a pension; and it was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Carroll, Jefferson, and Harri-
son counties, Ohio, against the annexation of Texas;
and resolutions adopted at that meeting, declaring
that they are opposed to the annexation of Texas
to the Union, and especially to a slaveholding terri-
tory, and remonstrating against the ratification by
the Senate of any treaty for that purpose, as being a
violation of the constitution of the United States, as
perfidious to Mexico, and outrage to the rights of
the free States, and highly perilous to the Union:
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KING remarked that he had some time since
introduced a resolution, which was passed by the
Senate, instructing the Judiciary Committee to in-
quire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion for the erection of a building in which to hold
the district court of the United States, at Tuscaloosa,
Alabama. He had since then received a statement
made by the grand jury of that district, together with
a letter from the attorney general, showing the abso-
lute necessity for some appropriation for that object.
He moved to refer these papers to the Judiciary
Committee; and expressed a hope that when the
general appropriation bill came up, that committee
would have an amendmentprepared to beappended,
providing for the object. The papers were referred.
Mr. SUVIER presented a memorial from C. C.
Stewart, and 29 other citizcns of Arkansas, praying
for a reduction of the rates of postage to 5 cents for
a single letter to any part of the United States; and
for the restriction of the franking privilege: ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred Senate bill for the
construction of a canal around the Falls of St.
Mary's river, reported the same hack without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it do
pass, accompanied by a report enforcing the policy
of the bill; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE remarked that the report
was one of great national importance, and moved
that 500 copies extra of the report be printed for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. KING hoped not.
The question was put, and the printing was or-
dered, by ayes 21, noes 10.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. BREESE i emarked that, having been, unfor-
tunately out of his seat on the morning of yester-
day, when the bill for the support of the military
academy at West Point was psssed, he had been
deprived of the opportunity of calling for the yeas
and nays, and thus recording his vote against the
passage of the bill. He stated that he was under
instructions by the general assembly of his State to
give such a vote, and it entirely accorded with his
own views to do so. He was opposed to the insti-
tution, and hoped the vote by which it was passed
would be reconsidered by the Senate.
The CHAIR remarked that the motion would
come up in its order.
Mr. ALLEN then, when the time had arrived,
moved the reconsideration.
Mr. EVANS remarked that the motion to con-
sider could be made a test vote.
Messrs. ALLEN, KING, and SEMPLE main-
tained that a vote on its reconsideration could not be
considered a test vote. The merits of the bill could
not be involved upon a vote to reconsider. Mr. Kino
said he would vote for the reconsideration, yet he
