CONGRESSIONAL GtOfcE.
m
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
was taken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. EVANS called for the reading of the bill.
The bill was accordingly read through. It ap-
propriates §100,000 for continuing the road through
Ohio, §150,000 for continuing it through Indiana,
and $150,000 through Illinois.
No amendment being offered, it was reported back
to the Senate, and the cjuestion being on ordering it
to be engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. McDUFFIE was understood to inquire what
action had been had on the bill heretofore in the
Senate.
Mr. BREESE replied that the bill had been re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
which had examined and reported favorably up-
on it.
Mr. PHELPS said, as this bill involved a ques-
tion on which considerable difference of opinion ex-
isted, he thought it would be proper to pass it over
till there was a full attendance of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had been heretofore favora-
ble to appropriations for the Cumberland road. But
he would like to know what explanation the friends
of the bill had to give for this very large appropria-
tion, and why it should be proposed at this particu-
lar time.
Mr. HANNEGAN gave a rapid sketch of the
action of this government in relation to the Cumber-
land road; and contrasted the liberality with which
means had been furnished for carrying it on when its
benefits verged towards the older States and the na-
tional capital, with the tardiness and indisposition to
complete the work on those portions where the ben-
efits are to enure to the new States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was not opposed to reason-
able appropriations at a seasonable time for this
work; but for such a very largo appropriation he
thought there ought to be the fullest explanation be-
fore the Senate was called upon to pass it.
Mr. HANNEGAN urged, with considerable force
of argument, the justice of making some return to
tha new States for the sacrifices they had made for
the benefit of the general government. What they
asked they demanded as their lights—not us mendi-
cants asking for charity. This, however, was not
the hour (near 4 o'clock) for all that could be said
on the subject, as probably the bill would be further
debated; but, in the absence of his colleague, he now
asked the bill to lie passed o\er informally till he
should be in his seat.
Mr. BREESE, in a very low tone, made some
remarks too indistinctly heard to be properly re-
ported. He was understood to argue that the new
States had a right to some return for the depreciation
of their taxing power, occasioned by the exemption
of public lands from taxes for five years after they
were sold.
Mr. EVANS believed it was several years since
any appropriations were made for the Cumberland
road. [Mr. Hannf.gan, from his seat, said three
years.] He wished to know how much of the road
was yet to be finished. The only estimate now be-
fore the Senate was the bill itself, asking $100,000
fnrone State, and $150,000 for each of the two
others. He also wished to know whether this was
to finish work already commenced, or to commence
new work; and what was the length of road incom-
plete, or to be completed by this appropriation.
Mr. HA.VNEGAN referred the senator from
Maine to the report of the Secretary of War. _ Un-
less these appropriations were made, several bridges
already contracted may fall, and many portions of
the road may become so dilapidated that §50,000
would not make the repairs which further delay may
occasion.
Mr. EVANS asked if this money was to be spent
on any part of the road surrendered to these States?
Mr. HANNEGAN replied, none, except a por-
tion of the mad m Ohio not here estimated for.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished to know whether
the o-enllemen themselves desired the passage of this
billVithout giving the information he had repeated-
ly solicited. It might be that the gentlemen of the
States to be benefited by the bill could not support
it and were therefore silent; but the Senate could
hardly be expected to adopt it, unless upon the fullest
and most satisfactory information of its necessity.
It seemed to him, that while the Senate was kept
in the dark the gentlemen ought not to expect it to
be passed.
Mr. HANNEGAN gaid the senator was greatly
mistaken '^if he supposed he was desirous
this bill in the dark. It was a measure, the prin-
ciples and advantages of which had been debated
for years. Estimates had been made at different
times, and laid before Congress, giving the fullest
information. The cost of the whole route had been
frequently stated to Congress, and the necessity for
completing the work had been repeatedly urged in
annual messages. He wished to know to whom
the senator alluded as not ready to vote for this bill.
He and the senators from Ohio and Illinois were not
among the number. He enumerated many reasons
why there should be no hesitation in making these
appropriations. It was a measure of justice due to
the West, and ought to be dealt out in a liberal
spirit. If gentlemen chosc to deny that justice, and
to refuse these appropriations, let it be—let the coun-
try understand whence came the opposition.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said the senator appeared
to receive his remarks in a very different spirit from
that in which they were offered. Was it unreason-
able to ask for the necessary information to enable
the Senate to act upon any bill before it understand-
ing^? He was not one that had scruples as to the
principle involved in this bill; but he desired the
fullest information, when an appropriation of such
magnitude was asked for. IIis remark was, that,
without this information, the Senate would be act-
ing blindly, or in the dark. In this, he disclaimed
any offensive allusion: none whatever was intend-
ed in what he had said. He should, therefore, re-
peat his assertion: he was yet without the informa-
tion he required. He would not ask for the post-
ponement, of the bill; he would only say that the
friends of the measure ought themselves either to
postpone it or now give the fullest information.
Mr. BREESE made' some explanation, but was
not distinctly heard iu the reporter's gallery.
Mr. IIANNEGAN now saw his colleague at his
desk, and presumed he had the estimates necessary
to satisfy the Senate.
Mr. BUCHANAN said his friend from Indiana
had appealed to the senators from Pennsylcania
and Maryland to know whether, after the large ap-
propriation i which Congress had made for internal
improvements in those States, they intended voting
against appropriating money to carry on improve-
ments m Illinois and Indiana. Whether they would
go against an appropriation to extend this road or
not he could not say. He had always, upon all oc-
casions when the condition of the treasury was suc-i
as to justify it—when the estimates were made, and
when it was previously ascertained how much
should be expended on the road—voted for it; but,
as to Pennsylvania, she had always considered that
this road was an injury instead of a benefit to her.
It was a rival road to her own improvements. He
intended, if all things turned out properly, and if he
could ha\e the necessary information, to vote for
the completion of the Cumberland road; but he
would never do so upon the principle laid down by
his friends from Illinois and Indiana, [Messrs. IIan-
negan and Breese,] that there was an obligation
on the part of the federal government to complete,
that road because the new States had agreed to ex-
empt from taxation lands sold witlun their borders
by the government for five years after such sale.
That measure had been a benefit to the new States.
It had promoted the sale of the lands, and the settle-
ment of those States. It had been, therefore, a
greater benefit to those States than to the federal
government. He disclaimed any such obligation.
There was one part of this bill which he should
go for striking out, and that was where it was pro-
vided that the outlays should be refunded out of the
two per cent. fund. This was going rather too far,*
when it was well known that we had already ex-
pended more than ten, fifteen, or twenty times the
whole amount of that fund in making roads in the
new States.
He was ready, upon receiving proper informa-
tion, and upon ascertaining what amount of money
the treasury could spare, to vote for the extension
of this great public improvement, even to the banks
of the Mississippi; but not because he ever ex-
pected to receive any benefit from the two per cent,
fund
In common with the senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Critte\t>en,] he wished for more light upon
this subject. If the senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hannegan] could give the necessary information,
he was willing to go on and discuss the bill; if not,
it ought to be postponed until the information could
be obtained.
Mr. "WHITE said he was not in his seat when
the bill was taken up, and had not heard the objec-
tions urged against it. He was certainly surprised
at what had fallen from the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania." He could give him some information; it was,
that this improvement had added 50,000 inhabitant^ to
the city of Philadelphia. He regretted that, not-
withstanding all the benefits Pennsylvania had re-
ceived from this great work, that State had, ac-
cording to the account given by its distinguished
senator, yielded to it but a grudging support.
Mr. BUCHANAN denied that he had said the
State of Pennsylvania gave but a grudging support
to the Cumberland road. It had always supported
it from patriotic motives. But he supposed the
senator could give the necessary information now
cclled for, and hoped he would.
Mr. WHITE then proceeded at considerable
length, showing the importance of this great nation-
al work. He argued that Philadelphia was the re-
cipient of nearly all the travel on the road, and
ought to take the deepest interest in its completion.
She should look to the competition around her.
He pointed to various improvements in every sec-
tion of the country to show the necessity of keep-
ing pace with them, by continuing and completing
the sources of intercommunication which she had
with the West, and all the intermediate country
tnbutary to her by means of the great national
thoroughfare.
Mr. BREESE read from the congressional docu-
ments the report and estimates made on a former oc-
casion, showing the amount necessary for com-
pleting the road, the distances and nature of the
work, &c.
Mr. HANNEGAN ob#rved that, as the senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Cbittf.nden] seemed to think
further information necessary, but was unwilling to
move a postponement of the bill, he would himself
make that motion. He suggested postponing it to
Monday next, atone o'clock.
Mr. KING suggested that probably a simple
postponement till to-morrow would be best.
The bill was accordingly postponed till to-mor-
row.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 3, 1844.
Mr. PHCENIX, by leave of the House, reported
a bill from the Committee on Commerce, to allow
drawbacks on foreign merchandise exported in the
original packages to Chihuahua and Santa Fe, in
Mexico, and to the British provinces of North
America. It was read twice, and committed.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, made a report upon the resolution of the House
of the 5th of January last, relative to arrearages due
for supplies furnished the militia in the service
of the United States, accompanied by a joint resolu-
tion respecting the application of certain appropri-
ations heretofore made. It was read twice, and
after being amended, on the suggestion of Mr. C.
Johnson, it was ordered to be engrossed; and it was
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BOYD also reported a bill to enable the War
Department to apply certain balances of appropri-
ation for the Florida war and for other purposes;
which wss read twice, and committed.
Mr. RATHBUN withdrew his motion made yes-
terday to reconsider the vote upon the final passage
of the bill to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the armed occupation and settlement of the
unsettled part of the Peninsula of Florida." So the
bill stands passed.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of John Otis; and it was laid upon the table.
On the motion of Mr. HARALSON, the same
committee was discharged from the petition of
George Steele; and it was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the petition of
John Mileted, for the correction of an error made at
the Tallahasse Land Office, made a report thereon,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, made a report upon the petition of
Henry Hewington, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorials of citizens of In-
