CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4Wf}
was liable to be abused as an enemy to a particular
interest, and ridiculed as a Cerberus of the treasury.
The gentleman from Illinois might think that he
could gain his cause by exciting prejudices against
him.
Mr. HOGE disclaimed any personality towards
the gentleman from Tennessee. He never intended
to apply any argument to him, or any other gentle-
man, personally. He only spoke in reference to the
argument of the gentleman, and his position in re-
gard to this question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON expressed his satisfaction at
the explanation of the gentleman, but would like to
know what he was to understand by some parts of
the gentleman's argument. He should like to know
what the gentleman meant by referring to him as
the Cerberus of the treasury? and the remark that
his opposition to this bill might excite the suspicion
of his being tampered with? He could assure the
gentleman that, if zeal on this question was likely to
excite the suspicion of being tampered with, the
suspicion must fall on other shoulders. These min-
eral lands were represented in the reports of the offi-
cers of the government sent to examine them as the
most valuable in the world; and it was in conse-
quence of their great value that the government had
always refused to sell 4hem in the ordinary way.
Yet the gentleman contended for selling them at auc-
tion, and that, too, without regard to the lesSfces and
the violation of contracts. And should these lands
be put up at auction, did not every body know how
the sales would be made? Who would dare to go and
bid more than $1 25 per acre against the occupants?
Did not every know how such sales had heretofore
been made, by intimidating and driving off bidders,
so that the government never got one cent above the
minimum price? The gentleman, instead of abusing
him as the Cerberus of the treasury, had better turn
his attention to the plunderers of the treasury. The
gentleman said this government was the meanest in
the world in relation to the disposal of its lands.
Now if the gentleman would turn his attention to the
acts of this government in relation to its domain,
its bountiful donations to the western States
and their public intsitutions, he would come to
a different conclusion, and acknowledge that
this was the most liberal government in the
world. He would tell the gentleman more.
He who had been denounced as the Cer-
berus of the treasury, and the enemy of the
West, had always gone as far as any man in
liberality to the actual settlers and tillers of the soil.
He had, for many years, always supported their
interests; and, if he had his way, he would not sell
an acre of the public domain, but give the lands to
those who would settle on and cultivate them. It
was to keep these lands out of the hands of specula-
tors that he opposed this bill. He did not object to
selling the lands, but to the manner of doing it.
He wished, instead of disposing of them in this
hasty manner, to adopt some plan by which
the interests of the government can be secured,
as well as the interests of the occupants, and
to dispose of them without violating the contracts
with the lessees. For this purpose, he thought the
whole subject should be referred to the Secretary of
the Treasury, with directions to report such a plan
to this House at the next session of Congress.
Mr. WHITE addressed, the House in favor of
the bill, and in opposition to the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee. He was confident that
no appraisers sent into the mineral region by the
government could ever ascertain the true value of
the lands there; and he was satisfied that, by hold-
ing up the lands, the government never would be
able to obtain more for them than the minimum
price.
Mr. HOLMES hoped the bill would not be
passed, and that this domain m the West, which be-
longed to ail the States in common, would not be
taken away by any act, of hasty legislation. He
enforced his views at some length.
Mr. McCLERNAND hoped the House would
not be led astray by the strong terms which had
been used in this debate in relation to the West.
He regretted that the feeling which had been ex-
hibited in this debate existed, for he feared it was
calculated to prevent the success of the measure.
The gentleman from Tennessee seemed to appre-
hend that if these lands were sold, the existing leases
would be voided, and the government would be sub-
jected to the payment of damages. _ This point had
engaged the attention of the committee, and it was
found that by the time at which the sales could be
effected, all existing leases would ha?e expired.
He contended that the fixing of arbitrary prices
would not affect the sales, because purchasers would
rely more upon their own judgments than upon the
reports of any geologist.
Mr. BARNARD opposed the bill. He enter-
tained (he said) this morning a sincere desire that he
should hear from the friends of the measure such ar-
guments in its favor as would convince him 'of the
propriety of supporting it. But he had not been
convinced, and he did not think that he could justify
himself to his constituents in case he did support it.
Let the lands be examined, and if it be found that
these lands were of no more value than agricultural
lands, why then they would all agree on a measure
of this kind; but if it turned out, as he believed, that
they were were far more valuable, then it would be
proper to take a different course in regard to them.
Mr. SUMMERS observed that this question con-
cerned all the States of the Union, as it related to
the disposal of the lands which were given to the
government for the common benefit of all. He
thought the gentleman from New York had cor-
rectly designated the bill when he said it was a bill
providing that the whole of the mineral lands of
the United States shall be sold at $1 25 per acre.
It was not denied that the House was called on to
pass the bill in utter ignorance of the value of what
they were going to sell. This was proved by the
fact that, while the gentlemen from Illinois and
Missouri had told the House that the lands were of
little value, they had been told by other gentlemen
that their value was immense. This ought to con-
vince the House of the propriety of obtaining more
information on the subject before they adopted any
measure of the kind before the House. The mineral
lands of the United States had always heretofore
been reserved from sale, and that policy had been de-
parted from but in a single instance; and that was
the case of the mineral lands of Missouri. No
plan had hitherto been devised for the sale of such
lands; and yet they had always been withheld from
sale; from which it was plainly to be inferred that it
was always contemplated to adopt some regular
system befoie selling them. He thought it would
be better to still keep these lands out of market un-
til some regular plan for disposing of them was
adopted. He saw no necessity for selling them
now in such hot haste. Nobody objected to selling
them, provided it was done in such a way as to
obtain something like a fair value for them. Mr
S. alluded to the report of the geologist, [Mr. Owen,]
who had been appointed by the government to ex-
amine the mineral lands of the United States; and
spoke of the great value of the lands, as shown by
that report. This report had not even been printed;
the valuable maps which accompanied it had been
lost; and yet it was proposed to sell the lands in ig-
norance of the information which that report con-
tained. Mr. S. also referred to the report made by
Lieutenant Colonel Talcott on the subject, to show
the value of these lands, and read extracts from that
report, for the purpose of explaining why the gov-
ernment had heretofore received but such small re-
turns from the lessees.
He quoted largely to show the value of these
mineral lands, for the purpose of answering the ar-
guments of gentlemen who had contended that they
were almost worthless, and expressed his desire
that the disposition of them should not be precipi-
tated. He suggested the passage of a law or joint
resolution calling upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for a well-devised plan for their disposal.
Mr. HOGE said a plan for the sale of these lands
had been made.
Mr. SUMMERS replied that he had never met
with such a plan; but, if it existed, let the gentle-
man from Illinois bring it forward. He was op-
posed to these lands being disposed of at a sacii-
fice; for his constituents were interested in them,
and he hoped they would still receive back some
modicum of that which they disposed of by cession
by a distribution law.
He went into a long and elaborate statement in
relation to these lands, giving way occasionally to
explanations from Messrs. WHITE, McCLER-
NAND, and HOGE; and concluded with the ex-
pression of the hope that an opportunity would be
given to look at the report of Dr. Owen, the geolo-
gist, and the opinions of men of science, and that
they would not dispose of these lands without
knowing their worth,
Mr. STEENROD rose for the purpose of making
a motion, which he said ought to be in order at this
period of the debate. He moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, aad the main question
tion ordered. The main question was first on the
amendment of Mr. C. Johnson, as follows: ; . •
Provided, That the provision of this act shall not extend
to the region of copper mines along Lake Superior in the.
Territory of Wisconsin,
"Which was adopted.
The question then being on the engrossment of the
bill, ana ordering it to a third reading,
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
"which were ordered; and, being, taken resulted as
follows—yeas 63, nays 81:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bidlack, James Black, James
A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, J. Brinkerho/T,
William J. Brown, Buffington, Burt, Campbell, Carroll,
Reuben Chapman, Clinch, Cobb, Cross, Culiom, John W.
Davis, Elmer, Fickhn, Foster, Willis Green, Grider,
Hamlin, Hardin, Hays, Henley, Hoge, Houston, Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ilngersoll,'Jame-
son, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Labranche,
Leonard, Lewis, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McDowell, Moseley, Owen, Payne,
Emery D. Totter, Relfe, Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck,
Simpson, Slidell, Thos. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert
Smith, Steenrod, Taylor, Tibbatts, Vanmeter, Weller,
Wentworth, White, and Joseph A. Wright—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Bar-
nard, Brenglc, Milton Brown, Burke, Catlin, Causin,
Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton, Clingman, Clinton, Coles,
Cofiamer, Cranston, Dana, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Dean,
Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dromgoole, Ellis, Farlee, French,
Giddings, Harper, Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Hubard,
Hubbell, Irvin, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpat-
rick, Lucas, Lumpkin, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Mor-
ris, Morse, Newton, Norris, Parmenter, Patterson, Pratt,
Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Robin-
son, Rockwell, Rodney, Saunders, Senter, Severance,
Simons, Spence, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart,
Stiles, Strong, Summers, Sykes, Thompson, Tucker, Ty-
ler, Vinton, Wheaton, Williams, Winthrop, Woodward,
and William Wright—81. 0
Mr. McCLERNAND said as the eloquence of
the gentleman from Virginia had defeated the meas-
ure, he wished that some gentleman would move a
reconsideration of the vote, in order that the friends
of the measure might make such amendments as
would insure its passage.
^ Mr. CLIN G-MAN said he would move a recon-
sideration, for he desired to see some measure
passed, though he did altogether like this present
one.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to lay the motion for
reconsideration on tho table; pending which .Motion,
The House adjourned
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Charles Fenderick
and others, stating that there do not exist international ar-
rangements properly securing and regulating mail facilities
betw een the United States and the continent of Europe, and
particularly with Germany; in consequence of which they
and their countrymen suffer great inconvenience and loss;
and praying that laws may be enacted to secure such facili-
ties, which they represent will redound greatly to the in-
crease of the revenues of the Post Office Department, of
which it is now deprived, by tho necessity they are put to
of employing special agents at great expense: referred to
the Committee on the Post Oftice and Post Roads.
By Mr. HARALSON: The petition of Isaac Gray, pray-
ing compensation for property taken and property destroyed
by the Cherokee Indians, with accompanying evidence.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of George Hall and others,
of Chatauque county. New York, praying for a reduction
of the rates of postage, and for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of Col. C. S. Kcndig,
Owen McCahe. and numerous other citizens of Dauphin
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against any interference
on the part of Congress with the tariff of 1842. Also, the
petition of Daniel Larer. Jas. V. Johnson and others, citizens
of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, of a like import.
By Mr. DUNLAF: The petition of Samuel T. Winslow. of
Cumberland, Maine, for a pension in consideration of dis-
eases contracted while in the line of his duty as a soldier in
the late war with Great Britain.
By Mr. PHCENIX: The memorial of Peter Von Schmidt
requesting an examination of his model and plan for a dry
dock: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. THOMAS SMITH: The petition of the heirs of
Joseph Gerrard, deceased, piaying lemuneration forsei-
vices, &c: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: The petition and documents of
Mary Tewksbury, asking Congress to grant her compensa-
tion for extra naval services oi her husband. Also, the pe-
tition of citizens of Paxinos, Northumberland county, Penn-
sylvania, against any alteration of the tariff of 1842. Also,
two of similar tenor from citizens of Philadelphia, repre-
senting the beneficial effects of the tariff in raising wages,
reducing prices, and promoting the general prosperity of
the country.
By Mr. BOWER: The petition of A. R. Boon and 45
others, citizens of Shelby county, Missouri, praying an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the western waters:
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
By Mr. CARY: The petition of Calvin Washburn and
other*, praying for the establishment of a new post route in
Oneida county, New York: referxed to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By My. V. £. JOHNSON: The petition of Robert E. Hus,
