492
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
April, 1844.
The Tari^—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
learn that some experiments had been recently made
to export hemp from this country, with some prom-
ise of success. In any way, therefore, in which he
' had been able to view the interests of agriculture,
as connected with this product, he was forced to
consider a duty of 30 per cent, a sufficient protec-
tion, and he thought the hemp-growers would so
consider it.
Sugar. This is an agricultural production, which
has grown into importance in our country, within
a few years, comparatively speaking; and yet it has
already become the great staple of one section, and
the cultivation and production are rapidly increas-
ing. He was wholly unacquainted with this
branch of agriculture, and could not, there-
fore, form any opinion as to the extent of pro-
tection required for it. The article was one
which had been very heavily taxed, under almost
all our tariff laws; formerly, much more as a rich
source of revenue, than from any object of protec-
tion to the domestic production. It had proved to
be an article which would bear a higher rate of rev-
enue duty than almost any other considerable arti-
cle of import in our whole list. The duty imposed
under the present law is much less than that under
the tariff of 1816, or any intermediate law, other
than the gradual reductions under the compromise
act; and yet the rates, as had been seen, were from
67 to 101 per cent, under this law. It would be also
observed that the falling off in the trade, in this arti-
cle, upon a comparison "with the six years, had been
55 per cent.; and with the single year 1842, but 48
per cent.; much less, in both cases, than most of the
other articles subject to such extreme rates of duty.
These facts were referred to for the purpose of
showing that the articlc would bear a very high
revenue duty, and he did not doubt that all the pro-
tection required, and certainly all which it would be
reasonable to impose upon an article of such uni-
versal consumption, could be afforded without a vio-
lation of the revenue principle.
Of the principal agricultural staples of this coun-
try, the three named were all which had occurred to
him as asking protection, or being within its reach.
Of all our other great staples, we are exporters, and
not importers; and the markets of other countries,
the open market, of the world, are our markets for
these products, and must govern our prices. Pro-
tection, therefore, by impost duties imposed by us,
was wholly illusory and useless. Any duty im-
posed by us upon the foreign articles in our markets
could not raise the price of our articles in a foreign
market,
' Take the article of jlour. This is an important
product of agriculture over a very large portion of
the Union; and, of it, the country exports largely.
He was aware that a high duty was imposed upon
the importation of foreign wheat, and flour, by the
present law; but did that duty benefit the wheat-
grower? Where was his price made? Certainly
in our commercial and exporting cities. There the
surplus of our wheat must go, and did go, to find its
market; and there the market price was established,
which governed the sales throughout the country.
What controlled the price in those cities? Supply
and demand, which control the pi ice of every thing
in every market. What demand? The whole de-
mand for flour, no matter whether to be consumed
tit home, or to be exported. All purchasers in the
same market pay the same price, without ref-
erence to the purpose for which they buy.^
There is always, as a general rule, a surplus o'f
flour in our commercial markets, beyond the de-
mand for domestic consumption; that surplus must
seek a foreign market, and the price it will com-
mand for exportation controls the price of the
whole mass. Our duty, therefore, was wholly in-
operative, and could not exert the slightest influence
upon the price of flour, thus controlled, even m our
own markets. Flour, then, could not be protected,
because we export flour, and the open markets of
the world are our markets, and must control our
prices.
The argument in favor of the prohibitory system
upon manufactured articles was, that, by forcing
a larger proportion of our laborers into manufactur-
ing employments, we should withdraw them from
agriculture, and thus diminish its productions,
while they would become consumers, instead of
producers of its products, and thus the agricultural
interest would receive a double benefit from the pol-
icy. He should, by-and by, hnve occasion to in-
quire how far labor was likely to be benefited by
a policy which was designed and calculated to make
dear bread. But, passing that consideration for the
present, he would examine this argument as appli-
cable to the profits of grain-growing as an agricul-
tural pursuit. In just so far as the manufacturing
employments of this country increase the general
demand, in the markets of the world, to precisely
that extent is the wheat grower benefited by the
golicy, in the single article of the sale of his wheat.
eyond that, this effect cannot be experienced, so
long as our wheat and flour market is an exporting
market. If the policy could be carried so far as to force
a sufficient portion of our labors to manufactures to
consume all our flour, and leave no surplus for export-
ation, then might the wheat of our farmer come
within the reach of protection; because, then, a pro-
hibitory duty upon foreign wheat would give him
the monopoly of our markets, and enable him to
control the price in them. Until that state of things
could be produced, our wheat and flour could not
be benefited by an impost duty. So long as we
were exporters, and foreign markets were our mar-
kets for these articles, the price of the wheat of our
farmer could not be benefited by our duty. The
increased home demand would benefit him so far as
it should affect the price of his wheat in the export
market, no farther; and beyond that he could derive
no benefit, while our country should export wheat.
Did any senator hope to see the time when this
country would not export breadstuff's? He did not
hope to see that time. He thought the masses of
the people of this country would find speedy cause
to regret such a period, if it should ever occur.
They would be likely to find that a monopoly of
bread was anything but a protection to their com-
forts.
The articles of beef, voi-k, butler, and cheese, ag-
ricultural productions of the North and West, stand
in the same relation to this policy with wheat and
flour. They are great staples of these sections of
the Union, and they are all articles of export.
Their market is the market of the world, and the
prices they command are measured by the wants of
the world, not merely of our Union. Import duties
upon all these articles are dead letters upon the
statute book, so far as the interests of our farmers
are concerned. They afford no revenue to the pub-
lic treasury to lighten his taxes, and add nothing to
the price of his products. He spoke comparatively.
There were imports under all these heads, but not
of that character which conflictcd with the farmer's
market. Dclicacies, luxuries, bearing these general
names, were imported in very small quantities, for
the uses of those who regarded their appetites more
than their pockets. Take the article of cheese as
an example. The value of the importations, for
the three quarters of 1843, was $3,850, the quantity
being 30,033 pounds. This showed a foreign cost
of more than 12J cents per pound, and the duty was
9 cents per pound, bringing the article, to the con-
sumer, up to a plice probably not less than 25 cents
per pound, while the market cheese of this country
commanded about 5 cents per pound in our largest
commercial markets. So with wheat. Choice seed
wheat was occasionally imported, which gave the
article a place upon the list of imports, while the,
quantity brought into the country did not, in the
least, affect the market price of the wheat of our
farmer. So with the other articles named.
The manufactories were spoken of as furnishing
valuable markets to the farmer for these articles of
his produce. Where did the manufacturers pur-
chase their supplies? In the great commercial
maikets, where they sell their manufactured goods.
By what price did they purchase? By the same
which others paid in the same markets. New York
and Boston are the great exporting markets for the
flour of this country. Did any one ever think of
going to Lowell, the largest manufacturing village
in the country, to learn the market price of flour?
Certainly not; but the manufacturer of Lowell goes
to the Boston or New York market, both to learn
that lact, and to piucha.se the flour for the consump-
tion of his factory; and when there, he purchases for
the same puce which the merchant pays, who pur-
chases to export to England, Fiance, South Ameri-
ca, or any other foreign market. The former gets
no more from the manufacturer than from the ex-
porting merchant. So with all other like articles of
supply for the manufacturing establishments.
It was undoubtedly true that these establish-
ments opened a limited retail trade to the farmers in
their immediate vicinage, for fresh provisions and
temporary supplies, which was both convenient and
lucrative; but this was a benefit too narrowly cir-
cumscribed to be taken into the account, when dis-
cussing the great and general interest of agriculture
throughout this wide country.
Cotton, rice and tobacco, were great agricultural
staples of the southern and southwestern States,
which were also compelled to seek foreign markets,
and were, therefore, beyond the reach of protection
from import duties. Of these articles, the cotton
was by far the most important, as it was much the
most important article of export from our country.
He believed the estimates were that, about one-fifth
of the ordinary annual crop was consumed at home;
the remaining three-fourths being, of course, com-
pelled to seek a foreign market. What proportions
of the tobacco and rice found a home market, arid
what proportions were exported, he was unable to
say. It was enough that the interests of all these
branches of agriculture were in much better and
abler hands than his here; and in those hands he
should cheerfully leave them.
Not to go further in this examination of agricul-
tural productions, here were eleven principal articles,
three only of which could be materially and practi-
cally benefited by protecting duties; and it was for
the wisdom and the justice of Congress to decide
how far the great public and private interests of
all would be consulted by taxing the eight for the
benefit of the three, beyond that degree of taxation
which a supply of the public treasury should de-
mand, and the proper rates of duties for raising
revenue should warrant.
If such were the relative advantages and burdens,
flowing to the maufacturing, commercial, and agricul-
tural interests, from the prohibitory system of du-
ties, what were the relative claims of these several
interests to the favors and bounties of the govern-
ment, growing out of the actual profits of capital
now invested in them respectively ? Upon this
point he pretended to no extent or accuracy of in-
formation; and his object was to throw out the crude
impressions he had imbibed, rather to elicit informa-
tion from others, than under any expectation of
communicating information himself.
In agriculture the great mass of the capital of the
country is employed; and what does it. yield, in net
annual proceeds? The senator from South Carolina
[Mr. McDuffie] had said he did not believe the
net profits of the planters of his State exceeded,
upon the average, 5 per cent, upon the capital in-
vested. He was surprised, at the time, to hear the
gentleman make so high an estimate. He had re-
flected much upon the subject, and taken some pains
to make inquiries from others, and he did not be-
lieve that the net profits of the capital invested, upon
a fair appraised value of the property m the market,
in any agricultural county m his State, taking an
average of years, would exceed 3 per cent., and he
should not feel surprised to know that it did not
cxceed 2 per cent. He knew that the moderate but
independent farmers of his section of the Union,
worth from $3,000 to $8,000, and $10,000, as indus-
trious and frugal as any class of the citizens of this
country were, or could be, who could pay off their
expenses and lay up from $100 to $300, at the close
of the year, not counting the labor of themselves and
their families upon the one side, or their living upon
the, other, considered themselves as doing well. The
investments of capital were more secure in this
branch of industry, and to that extent should yield
less returns. He did not doubt that many would
think him wild in the judgment he had pronounced,
and perhaps he was; but if gentlemen would institute
careful inquiries, he had no doubt they would be
surprised at the very moderate profits derived from
the capital employed in agriculture, as a general
average for the country.
In commerce the case was very different. Here
the hazards were extreme, and success usually
brought extreme profits. There appeared to be an
attraction in this pursuit, growing out of the very
hazards which surrounded it. Vast fortunes were,
sometimes, suddenly accumulated, and, like the
lottenes, men were prone to look at the prizes, not
at the blanks which weie drawn. Still he very
much doubted whether, as a whole, the not profits
of the capital invested were not less in this than in
either of the other great divisions of business. He
had often thought that, were branch of human
industry presented, howevei I' .drive the compensa-
tion promised, where the hf^.ud:: bfe and health
were seen to be as great as are ine hazards which
attend the employment of capital in commerce, and
where so many wrecks could be seen along its shoie,
no human being would be found to engage in it.
He had heard calculations of the rate per cent, of
commercial men v 'ho fail in business, and it was
