494
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
also destroyed. Its whole operations, too, under
such" a system, must be unsteady, uncertain, change-
ful, and fluctuating; and so must be its demand for
labor, and its ability to compensate it; and yet its
labor, under all these disadvantages, must bear its
full share of the burdens of the system. Its food,
and clothing, and comforts, must bear the same
taxation with the other branches of labor, and be
injured in the rate of its compensation, in the stead-
iness of its employment, and in the extent of the
demand upon which it relies. Need he say more
to prove that moderate, reasonable, stable revenue
duties were infinitely more advantageous to the labor
employed in commerce, than a system of prohibi-
tions even intended to protect labor?
^ How was it, then, with the labor employed in ag-
riculture? The wool grower, while the protective
duties shall have the effect to raise the price of his
wool, may be able more fully to compensate the
labor he is called upon to employ; but what is his
demand for labor? Nothing like that of the man
who tills the soil, and makes grain-growing his busi-
ness. Upon this point he spoke with some confi-
dence, as he believed he possessed accurate personal
information. That portion of the country in which
he had resided from infancy to manhood was then
-a grain-growing, and is now a wool-growing dis-
trict. The consequence had been a vast change
in the hired labor employed by the farmers. Their
hay-cutting season was now the only one in which
the demand for labor was extensive, most of the
farmers intending to tend their flocks of sheep,
and manage their limited tillage, with small
additions to the labor of their own fami-
lies; and the mass of the labor of their hay
fields was now performed by transient laborers
from the neighboring British province of Canada.
The rate of wages was high, out the employment
very temporary; and in consequence that class of
native laborers which, when he was a boy, had de-
pended upon employment from those farmers, was
not now found there. They had gone west, to the
grain-growing sections.
The hemp and sugar growers of the southwest
might require the same, or even more labor, in con-
sequence of their protection; and might also be able
to pay better prices, so long as the duties should
have the effect to enhance the value of their prod-
ucts in the market. Of these agricultural employ-
ments he could not speak from personal acquaint-
ance, and he was therefore disposed to indulge the
most favorable presumptions in regard to the labor
. employed in them.
What was the influence upon the labor employed
in tillage, in raising the wheat, and other grains of
the North and West, and in making the beef, pork,
butter, and cheese, of those sections, and in culti-
vating the cotton, rice, and tobacco of the South?
They would require the same labor in proportion
to their productions. Their labor is equally taxed
with that in the other branches; and their own cloth-
ing and other necessaries and comforts, save the
provisions which they produce, bear the same bur-
dens with those consumed by their fellow-citizens in
other employments. Will the system of high and
prohibitory duties enable them to pay more for their
labor? It has been seen that their products must
seek the open markets of the world, and that our du-
ties cannot affect their price. If the duties shall be so
high as to break up, or materially interrupt the ex-
changes of commerce, to that extent their markets
must be injured and the value of their products
depressed. How, then, can they afford to
pay higher wages for labor, under such a
system, than under one of stable revenue duties,
which leaves their markets open, commerce health-
ful, and themselves and their labor but moderately
taxed, and that to supply the national treasury,
which they must, in some form, contribute to sup-
ply? They cannot. They cannot, so well afford
to compensate labor for its toil; and yet these em-
ployments are the great resource of at least nine-
tenths of the labor of this w hole country.
Entertaining, most deeply, these impressions m
relation to the influences of the prohibitory system
of duties upon the labor of this country, he had ex-
pended a good deal of time and research to inform
himself as to the results of alike policy upon this
great and vital interest in countries where the sys-
tem was much older, and had been much more ri-
gidly enforced, than as yet with us. One natural and
necessary consequence of the system had appeared
to him to be to increase the power of capital o\er
labor, by forcing it into artificial channels, and thus
increasing its dependence; to increase the profits of
capital at the expense of labor, and finally to give to
the former a monopoly to impoverish and oppress
the latter.
As England is the country to which we are most
usually referred for lessons of wisdom upon this sub-
ject, and the British government is the one which
'claims and receives the credit of having most per-
fectly protected its domestic interests, and especially
its labor, he had referred to British history to satisfy
his inquiries upon this point. The.examination had
been a tedious one, and briefly and imperfectly as
he intended to exhibit it to the Senate he should be
compelled to be tedious in the performance of that
task.
And, first, as to wool. The export of wool from
Great Britain was prohibited by law from 1660
down to 1825, while the article was permitted to be
imported free of duty down to the year 1802. Here
the agricultural interest was made subservient to the
manufacturing, by the strongest provisions of law.
The British wool grower was compelled to sell his
wool in the markets of his own country, and all
the world were at liberty to compete with him there
upon equal terms. In 1802, a very light revenue duty
of 2s. 3d. sterling per cwt. was'imposed upon imported
wool, which was raised, in 1813, to 6s. 8d., and in
1819 to 56s., equal to 6d. per pound. This high
duty was continued but for a short period; when, to
favor the manufacture, the import duty was brought
buck to 1 farthing per pound upon wool costing Is.
sterling per pound or under, and Id. per pound
upon all other wool, where it now remains.
In 1337 Parliament passed a law "prohibiting
the wear of any cloth made beyond sea, and inter-
dicting the export of English wool."
In 1525 the manufacture of wool was domestic,
and pretty equally distributed over the kingdom.
In 1533 a law was passed reciting "that the city
of York afore this time had been upholden princi-
pally by making and weaving of coverlets, and the
poor thereof daily set on work in spinning, carding,
ayeing, weaving, &c.;" that the manufacture, hav-
ing spread into other parts, was "thereby debased
and discredited;" and enacting, as a remedy for this
evil, that henceforth "none shall make coverlets in
Yorkshire but inhabitants of the city of York."
At about the same time an act was passed to re-
strain the manufacture in Worcestershire to the
town of Worcester and four other towns.
Here was protection to the woollen manufacture,
carried not merely to the prohibition of all imports
of woollen goods, and the wear within the realm of
all cloths made beyond sea, but to the prohibition of
the manufacture, in certain branches, by any of the
inhabitants of the country, except in certain speci-
fied towns; in other words, protection by law
against domestic as well as foreign competition.
In 1G77 a law was passed declaring upon its face
that it was for the encouragement of the woollen
manufacture, which required that all persons should
be buried in woollen shrouds, and that the coffins
should be lined with woollen cloth, if lined with
cloth at all. Heavy penalties were imposed for any
violation of this act, which went to the clergyman of
the parish, whose duty it was made to prosecute for
the penalties when incurred; and he was to read the
act to his congregation on a specified Sabbath in
each year. This law the historian says was en-
forced, and remained a statute of the realm for more
than one hundred and thirty years.
As early as the year 1700, manufactures of wool
were exported from Great Britain to the amount of
more than *£3,000,000 sterling per annum. In 1787
the average exports were about three and a half mil-
lions, up to, and until after, which date all import-
ations were entnely prohibited. In 1819 import-
ations were permitted at a duly of 50 per cent.;
which duty was subsequently ieduced, and m 1834,
was but 15 per cent, upon goods not made up, and
20 percent, upon tho.se made up, or paitly so.
In 1835 the entire manufactures of wool in the
kingdom were valued at *£21,000,000, a little less
than one-third of which were exported.
Thjs brief sketch would show with what minute-
ness and rigid care this interest had recehed legisla-
tive protection in England, and how readily and per-
fectly evei the agricultural interest was subjected to
its advancement; and under that government, where
the will of Parliament is the constitution and the
only limit of power, they were not compelled to re-
sort to prohibitory duties to reach such an object,
but piohibitions in terms, as well of exportation** as
of importations, were readily and freely resorted to,
when thought to be more efficient.
The duty upon bar iron, in 1787, was «£2 16s 2d |
per ton, and upon iron in pigs 27§ per cent; but
iron castings and manufactures of iron were prohibit-
ed. At this period, the exports of iron were very
small, only some eleven or twelve thousand tons per
year. In 1819, the duty upon bar iron had been
raised to <£6 10 0, and upon iron in pigs to 17s 6d,
while the importation of iron castings was permitted
at a duty of 20 per cent., and wrought iron and the
manufactures of iron at 50 per cent. In 1834 the
duty upon bar iron had been reduced to <£1 10 0,
upon iron in pigs to 10s, upon castings to 10 per
cent., and upon wrought iron and the manufactures
to 20 per cent. In this year, the exports of iron were
145,000 tons, and in 1838, 255,317 tons. The sub-
stitution of pit for wood coal, about a century ago,
gave a wonderful impetus to this manufacture in
Great Britain, and reduced the price of iron one-half
in a comparatively short period.
The manufacture of cottons to any considerable
extent, in Great Britain, is comparatively of recent
origin. It is supposed to have existed to some ex-
tent in the early part of the seventeenth centurv;
but down to a period as late as 1773, cotton was oniy
used for filling upon a linen warp. This manufac-
ture was also at first domestic, and very generally
scattered ever the country. The weavers purchased
their linen warp of the Irish, their cotton wool in
their own markets, and from these materials made
their cloth in their own houses, and sold it where
they could find purchasers. About 1760, the mer-
chants of Manchester commenced to purchase the
warp and cotton, and send agents into the country
to hire the weavers to manufacture cloth for them.
At this time the whole value of the manufacture in
the kingdom was but <£200,000 per annum. In
1767 Hargrave invented the spinning jenny, and
soon after Arkwright invented the spinning frame.
About 1785 Compton invented the mule jenny, and
Cartwnght the power loom. After these improve-
ments the manufacture extended itself with unex-
ampled rapidity,, although this has never been an
interest so peculiarly favored by British legislation
as the woollens interest. At an early period this
branch of manufacture was directly discouraged,
and almost prohibited by law. In 1721 a law was
passed imposing a penalty of <£5 upon the weaver,
and <£20 upon any person who should sell a piece of
cotton calico within the realm. This was to protect
the woollen and linen manufactures; and fifteen
years after this time, this legislation was so modified
that calicoes manufactured in Great Britain were per-
mitted to be worn, "provided the warp thereof was
entirely of linen yarn."
At this early period importations of cotton wool
were permitted free of duty; and as early as 1787,
the manufactures were protected by an import duty
of from 44 to 50 per cent. In 1819, these duties
had been raised to 50 and 67g per cent.; andin!834,
they had been reduced to 10 and 20 per cent.
Nothing could exhibit more forcibly the advance
of the cotton manufacture in Great Britain, or of
the production of cotton wool in this country, than
a brief reference to our exports of that article te
that country. In 1791, the first cotton wool was
imported into England from the United States, and
the quantity was 189,316 pounds. In 1792, the
quantity was less, being only 138,328 pounds. In
1793, Whitney invented the cotton gin, and in 1794
we sent to Great Britain 1,601,760 pounds of cotton;
in 1795, 5,276,300 pounds; and m 1837, (forty-two
years,) this export had reached the enormous
amount of 444,211,537 pounds. Previous to 1831,
the import duty into Great Britain did not exceed 6
per rent. It was then raided to 10s. Veiling per
cwt., which duty was found too hi nder.sr,me to the
British manufacture, and in 13r>3 it was reduced to
2s. ] Id. per c\\ t. At about this period, the esti-
mated value pel annum of the manufactures of cot-
ton, in the realm, was <£34,0;)0,000 sterling, more
than a third beyond the va'ue of the manufactures
of wool at the s^ame peiiod. Of this amount of
manufactures, about one-half are annually exported,
and find their market out of the kingdom.
Such was a very brief sketch of these three im-
portant branches of manufacture, wool, iron, and
cotton, m Great Britain, from their infancy until
they became extensi\e and important exporting in-
terests; and it deserved remark, that that one of the
three v/luch depended entirely upon a foreign ma-
terial, and which had been the leost favored by legis-
lation, had become by far the most important of
the three, and much the most extensive and im-
portant manufacturing interest in the kingdom.
Another remark should also be made, and it was that
all these interests had long since advanced beyond
