April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
495
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Wright.
Senate,
the reach of protecting duties, by becoming exporting
interests, and being compelled to seek the open
markets of the world for a very large share of their
productions. The present import duties, being low
revenue duties, was conclusive proof upon this
point.
This brief history showe a further fact con-
nected with the arguments urged in support of the
prohibitory policy in this country. It was that
Great Britain had reached that condition which the
advocates of that system here seem to suppose is so
very desirable, and would be such a source of
wealth, happiness, and independence to this coun-
try—the condition when the population of the
country require all its produce of provisions for
their own sustenance. There the agriculturalist has
that home market, the exclusive benefits of which
hold so conspicuous a place in these arguments.
What had been, and what was now, the influence
upon the labor of Great Britain of this home mo-
nopoly of food? This was the point he was at
present discussing, and it was in reference to the
influence upon labor that he now proposed to ex-
amine the protective and prohibitory system of that
government, and its general legislative policy in re-
spect to the agricultural interest. Here, again, he
should be compelled to be tedious, but to himself
the examination was not without deep and exciting
interest. He proposed to confine himself princi-
pally to breadstuff's, and mostly to the article of
wheat.
He found that, from the conquest in the eleventh
century down to 1436, (nearly four hundred years,)
the exportation of breadstuff's from England was en-
tirely prohibited, while he found no notice of any
restraint upon importation. The declared policy
during this period was to secure an abundance of
provisions, and low prices. In other words, it was
a system of protection to labor at the expense of
capital.
In the year last named, a law was passed to per-
mit the exportation of breadstuff's when the home
price should have fallen to a certain specified point.
For wheat it was about 36 cents per bushel, and
other grains in proportion. The policy of this legis-
lation was to relieve agriculture from the depression
of its own overstocked markets, but under the re-
striction that exportation must cease when the do-
mestic price should rise above the point named.
Laws were also passed to regulate and restrain
the domestic trade in breadstuff's. These laws
made it highly penal for purchasers to buy up and
engross the stocks of grain, and prohibited pur-
chasing in one part of the kingdom to sell in another.
In 1562, exportation was permitted when the do-
mestic price should fall to about 54 cents the bushel
for wheat; and in 1571, the permission was extend-
ed to the price of about $1 07; but an export duty of
about 10J cents was imposed, to be paid to the pub-
lic treasury.
In 1624, the laws imposing restraints upon the
internal trade in breadstuff's were materially modi-
fied.
In 1670, the point of exportation was extended to
the price of about §1 47 per bushel for wheat, the
same export duty being imposed. The same law
prohibited importations when the home price should
be at or below the point of exportation, and imposed
an import duty of 22 1-5 cents per bushel until the
home price should rise to $2 22 cents, when impor-
tations could be made free of duty.
This appeared to be the first law adapting the
policy of direct protection to agriculture by prohi-
bitions and import duties.
In 1673, only three years after, all the laws re-
straining the internal trade m grain were wholly re-
pealed, evidently in furtherance of the same policy
of removing the restrictions upon agriculture and
extending its privileges.
In 1689, sixteen years later, the policy on the
subject of the exportation of bread stuffs was pre-
cisely reversed. The export dutyoflOJ cents per
bushel was repealed, and a bounty allowed of about
14 cents per bushel, to be paid from the public treas-
ury, upon the exportation of wheat, when the home
price should be at or below §1 33 per bushel. This
swept away the last remaining vestige of the legis-
lation, designed, or calculated, to make bread plenty
or cheap; and adopted fully the policy of legisla-
ting, as our system proposes to do, to make it scarce
and dear.
From this period until 1773, almost a century,
the legislation fluctuated—at some periods exporta-
tion being wholly prohibited, and at. others the
Sums paid in bounties upon exportation being very
large. In the single year 1750 these bounties paid
amounted to $1,062,270. At the early part of this
interval, the import duty was increased to about 45|
cents per bushel upon wheat, when the home price
was at or below $1 52 per bushel; and half that
duty above that price and below $2 30, when im-
portations were permitted free. In 1699, 1703, 1704,
and 1747 additions were made to this duty, the last
law fixing it at 63 cents per bushel when the do-
mestic price was at or below $1 25, and continuing
very heavy duties until that price should rise to the
former limit of $2 30.
In 1773 a great change was made. Importations
were allowed at a merely nominal duty, when the
home price should rise to $1 37 per bushel for
wheat, and exportation was entirely prohibited
when that price should be above $1 22. This law
also first allowed importations of wheat in bond.
Here was an extensive remission of the former pro-
tective'policy in favor of the consumers of bread-
stuffs, and consequently in favor of labor. Prom
this time until 1791 no material change took place
in the general policy of the legislation, though sev-
eral laws were passed increasing the import duty
when the price of wheat was at or below the limit
before fixed of $1 37 per bushel, the last bringing
that duty up to 69 cents per bushel.
In 1791 new demands were made for further pro-
tection to the agricultural interest. Deep fears were
expressed that the country would be brought to a
dependence upon foreign wheat for its bread, unless
greater encouragement was given to the domestic
wheat grower. The duty was then 69 cents per
bushel, but that duty ceased when the home price
should rise above §1 37. The consequence of this
agitation was the continuance of that duty until the
home price should rise above $1 43, and the addi-
tion of heavy duties between that price and $1 §4
per bushel.
In this legislation was furnished the clearest evi-
dence that the consumption of breadstuff's in the
kingdom was exceeding its fair natural production,
and the brief sketch he had given of the advance of
the manufacturing interests would show that at this
period it was that the manufactures of woollens,
iron, and cotton were making their most rapid ex-
tensions, forced along by very high protecting du-
ties, or positive prohibitions. The consequence of
this farther protection to the grain-growing interests
was a forced movement in that direction. Lands
much more suited to grazing were taken in and put
to tillage under the artificial encouragement and the
necessities of the country for bread, and mark the
first consequence.
In 1793, at the expiration of but two years, the
bounties upon the exportation of wheat from the
realm were revived. The domestic markets had be-
come so soon overstocked, and as the landowners
could not sustain the consequent fall in the home
price, a bounty must be paid to tliem, from the pul>
lie treasury, for exporting their surplus to foreign
countries, and selling it there cheaper than they were
willing to sell it in the markets of their own country.
In 1797 the Bank of England suspended specie
payments, prices of commodities and of bread-
stuffs with others rose greatly, and demands for
further protection to the grain growers was the
speedy consequence; .and in this year, and also in
1803 and 1804, moderate additions were made to the
import duty.
A second law, in 1804, fixed the import duty at
86'f cents per bushel, when the price should be at
or below $1 80, and a moderate duty between that
price and $1 89. This act continued the bounties
on exportation when the home price should fall to
gl 35.
In 1805, 1806, 1809, and 1813, laws were passed
increasing the import duty; the last fixing it at 13
per bushel, when the price in the domestic market
should be at or below §1 80.
In 1814, all restrictions upon exportation were ta-
ken off, and all bounties upon exportation repealed.
In 1815, after a desperate struggle in the country,
and in Parliament, a law was passed prohibiting im-
portations for domestic consumption, when the price
of wheat was at or below $2 30 per bushel, and
allowing them, free of duty, when the price rose
above that point.
Here, this branch of British legislation reached
its climax, and between that time and 1827, several
acts were passed permitting importations of bread-
stuffs, for specified periods, or in limited quantities,
or under special orders from the crown, or the board
of trade, at very moderate, dsties; and upon one oc-
casion the lords commissioners of trade actually ad-
mitted the importation of a considerable quantity of
breadstuff's, in the face of the law, and subsequently
sought and received the sanction of Parliament for
their act.
In 1827 a modification of this iextreme protection
took place. The import duty was fixed at 57 cents per
bushel when the price of wheat should be at of. be-
. low $1 72; and for every fall from that price of 22
cents 44 cents were added to the duty; and for every,
rise in the price of 22 cents above the point fixed,
($1 72,) 44 cents were to be taken from the duty,
until wheat should come to be about $2 per bushel,
when the duty was to be stationary, and merely
nominal—only equal to about 2| cents per bushel.
This act was limited upori its face, and was to ex-
pire on the 1st of May, 1828. This was the first
direct introduction of the sliding scale of duties,
which still characterizes the British corn laws; and
these ipodifications of the law of 1815 were predica-
. ted upon the admission that the protection to this in-
terest had been carried to excess under that law.
In 1828 a general law fully adopting the sliding
scale, so called, gave again permanent regulation to
these duties. The point fixed for importations at a
merely nominal duty was^a domestic price a trifle
above $2 per bushel. For a fall of Is. sterling be-
low this price, 2s. 8d. were added to the duty per
quarter of eight bushels; for a fall of a second .shil-
ling per quarter, four shillings more were added to
the duty; and so on, irregularly increasing the duty
as the home price of wheat should fall, until, at the
Erice of $1 85, the duty should be 57 cents per
ushel; and from that point the duty was to increase
exactly as the price should fall.
After this period no material change is believed to
have taken place until the now existing law, which
fixes the duty at 55| cents per bushel when the
price of wheat is fl 41§, and diminishes the duty
exactly, or almost exactly, as the price rises, until
it reaches $2, when the duty becomes fixed, and
merely nominal—Is. per quarter of eight bushels.
Such was a brief and very imperfect sketch of the
protection which British legislation had given, first
to the consumers, and then to the producers, of bread-
stuffs.
A mere glance at the legislation in refertence to a
few other articles of provisions would close this re-
view. In 1787, the import duty upon hams and
bacon was $10 43 per cwt.; that duty in 1819 had
been raised to $12 43, and is now just half that
amount, $6 21 per cwt. The importation of salted
beef and pork was prohibited in 1787 and in 1819,
and now the duty is $2 66 per cwt. In 1787, the
import duty upon butter was but 55 k cents per cwt.,
and in 1819, and at the present time, it is.$4 44. Upon
cheese, the duty in 1787 was 334 cents per cwt., and
in 1819, and at the present time, it is $2 31. Such
has been the protection extended to these important
agricultural productions, which are equally necessa-
ry articles of food.
Such had been the British system of protection to
domestic interests, as the terms are used in this de-
bate—to great branches of manufacture; and to the
great and leading interests of agriculture—and what
have been the fruits to the British population, to
the British masses, to British labor?—for this
last was his present point of inquiry.
Need he refer to the present condition of the labor-
ing masses of Great Britain to answer this question?
W ere authorities required to establish and illustrate
- the condition of that portion of the British popula-
tion? He should not attempt to adduce them. The
very argument upon which the present tariff" law
was sustained, and its policy justified, by its most
intelligent as well as most distinguished-advocates
here, admitted all he wished to infer as the fruits of
the British system. What was that argument?
That our manufactures, our agriculture, our every
interest, required to be protected against "the pauper
labor of Europe-,''1 and of what country in Europe so
much as Great Britain? What other country held
such stern competition with us in almost all out
manufacturing interests, and especially in wool, iron
and cotton? Not one, and not all the countries of
Europe combined. Protection, then, was demanded,
most emphatically, against the pauper labor of Eng-
land, ofGreat Britain. And hence his argument,
drawn from the practical workings of the British
system, could not be inapplicable, or inappropriate.
Again, he would repeat, he was examining the in-
fluence of this prohibitory and monopolizing system
upon labor, upon the condition and comforts of the
laboring classes, and upon the wages oflabor.
What, then, was the present condition of the day
laborer in Great Britain? What in England itself?
