496
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GT.OBR.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
That of poverty, want, and hunger. Poverty in his
dwelling, in his clothing, in his food. He remem-
bered to have seen, within one or two years, extracts
from some public document, he believed some exam-
ination before a committee of Parliament, in which
it was stated that the agricultural laborer of England
did not consume as much wholesome bread by
about one-fourth as the same description of laborer
in France, and nearly one-half less than the same
laborer in this country; that he did not have, on the
average, to exceed one full meal of butcher's meat
per week; and that the laborers in the manufactories
were not as well fed as those employed in agricul-
ture. The same document stated that the laborer in
Ireland was scarcely acquainted with the articles of
meat and bread, as articles of his own food,the potato
being almost his exclusive living.
Such had been the fruits of this system of prohi-
bitions and monopoly of bread to labor in Great
Britain, and such was the condition to which a
rigid adherence to it for many centuries had reduced
the common laborer of that country. It had pro-
duced an impassable separation between labor and
capital, and an examination of the official documents
upon which the modern British legislation was pre-
dicated would show that the great inquiry was,
how would any proposed measure affect capital;
the rents of land; the revenues of the wealthy classes;
the credit of the stocks'—not how it would affect the
working man or his comforts. The tendency there
had been to benefit capital at the expense of labor,
until it had made the capitalist an aristocrat, rolling
in wealth, holding the labor of the country under his
feet, by his monopoly over all the pursuits of indus-
try, and the government of the country and the con-
trol of its-policy, in his hands, by the power of the
loans which the profits of his capital arising from
this legislation had enabled him to make to it. It
had made the government a proud, splendid, and
powerful bankrupt, buried under a mountain of debt
which it never hoped to pay; and it had made the
working man a starving beggar—a legalized pauper.
Could a like policy and like measures fail to pro-
duce like results upon the laboring man of this coun-
try? They had produced them to an almost equal
extent in France, Spain, Austiia, and every other
country where the monopolizing policy had con-
trolled the legislation. In Great Britain they had
been produced most perfectly, because there the pol-
icy had been adopted most extensively and pursued
most rigidly; but everywhere the marked effect had
been to separate capital and labor, and to place the
latter entirely in the power of the former; and an in-
variable consequence had been to increase the
profits of capital, and diminish the wages, the
comforts, and the independence of labor. Ireland
afforded the most striking example of the extent to
which the power and oppression of capital over la-
bor could be carried. There even the landlord was
a permanent absentee, not simply from his estate,
but from the country, and every thing which would
sell was carried away to extinguish his rents and
swell his gains, while that which would not, remain-
ed to subsist an almost naked and almost starving
tenantry, suffering under the oppressions of a mer-
ciless agent of their absentee landlord.
He had letters, informing him that persons were
now engaged, in various parts of the country, en-
deavoring to prejudice the minds of our honest Irish
laborers against those who seek to modify the pres-
ent tarifflaw, alleging that it is done to benefit Brit-
ish labor, at the expense of the labor of this coun-
try. Did they hope to convince these warm-heart-
ed sons of oppression, who had fled from this sys-
tem at home, that it would be a blessing to confer it
upon them here? Are they to be made to believe that
the British policy, which has brought the laborer m
Great Britain to absolute starvation, is a policy
which is to promote their happiness in this country.'
They will pay, as cheerfully as any portion of our
population, such taxes as the support of the govern-
ment may require, but their experience at home will
not be likely to make them easily belit v e that taxa-
tion will bring them either comforts or indepen-
dence.
Still, it is said, we require protection against the
pauper labor of their coimtry, and of other Euiopoui
countries. This was not the ground assumed at an
earlier stage of this policy. Then it was that our
manufacturer required protection against the in-
creased cost of the raw materials for their manufac-
ture in this country over that cost in the manufac-
turing countries of Europe. He held in his hand
the minutes of testimony taken before the Committee
pn Manufactures of the House of Representatives,
during the session of Congress of 1827-'28, and
previous to the passage of the tariff law of 1828.
The testimony to which he referred related to the
manufacture of wool; and every witness who an-
swered the interrogatory agreed m stating that wool
could be manufactured as cheap in this country as in
England, the manufacturer here having the wool
and other materials at the same price.
Mr. Wright here read the testimony of several
witnesses, among which were the following:
Col. James Shepherd, of Northampton, Massa-
chusetts, witness, was asked the following question,
and gave the following answer:
'Question. Of an equal quality of wool, at present
prices, in England and the United States, can Hie
English manufacturer make a clicaper fabric than
can be made in the United States? If so, how much
cheaper?
' "Answer. The difference in the price of the fabric
would be the difference of the price of the wool, in
my opinion, as I think we can manufactuie it as
cheap as they can!
Mr. W. read the testimony of Abraham Mar-
land Of Andover, Massachusetts; William W.
Young of Wilmington, Delaware; James Walcott,
jr., of Southbridge, Massachusetts; and Joshua
Clapp of Boston, Massachusetts, to the same pur-
port.
He then read the testimony of Joshua W. Pierce
of Somersworth, New Hampshire, as follows:
"<£ues<ion. Without reference to the price of wool,
can the fabric be manufactured as cheap in the United
States as in England?
"Jlmsioer. I think it can. All my information
brings me to this conclusion; and one reason I would
assign is, that we substitute a much larger share ot
the labor of females than they do in England, in the
woollen manufacture."
He also read the testimony of Elenterre Irene
Dupont, of New Castle county, Delaware, as fol-
"%ustion. Without lefei-cnce to the difference in
the price of wool, can the fabric be manufactured as
cheap in the United States as in England?
"Answer. The woollen manufactory is not fairly
established in this country, but I know no reason
why we cannot manufacture as well, and as cheap,
as they can in England, except the difference in the
price of labor, for which, in my opinion, ice are fully
compensated by other advantages. Our difficulties are
not the cost of manufacturing, but the great fluetua- ,
tions'in our home market, caused by^ the excessive I
and irregular foreign importations. The high prices
we pay for labor are, in my opinion, beneficial to the
American manufacturer, as for those wages he gets
a much better selection of hands, and those capable
of, and willing to, perform a much greater amount
of labor in a given time. The American manufac-
turer, also, uses a larger share of labor-saving ma-
chinery than is used in the English manufactories,
which very much diminishes the effect of the high-
er rate of wages upon the actual cost of our goods."
Here was (lie sworn testimony of practical manu-
facturers in 1828. They did not, then, suppose that
tbey required protection against "the pauper labor"
of England. Whether time had changed their in-
terests, in this respect, he was unable to say. He
did not suppose it had materially, as he was not
aware that the wages of labor had risen in this
country, or fallen ill England, so as to widen the
disparity between the two countries, very essen-
tially; since 1828.
Whether these witnesses were, at the time, la-
boring under a mistake in judgment upon tins point,
was another question which he was not able to de-
cide. He would confess that ho had some doubts,
when the testimony was given; and yet it satisfied
him that the disparity, it' any, must be much less
than seemed to be generally supposed.
Another lcmark was su^gc'ted here, fiorn the an-
swer of the last witness. Our cotton and woollen
manufactures must now certainly be fully and firmly
established; and he supposed the skill p.isscf sell in
these branches must be as pel feet, as to the quali-
ties and kinds of goods manufactured, as that pos-
sessed by manufacturers elsewhere. In 1828, this
was one of the principal grounds upon wnieh pio-
teetion was sought. It was contcndtd that oin
manufacturers wanted time to establish their busi-
ness. and acquire the skill necessary^ to compete
with foreign establishments. Had sufficient time to
accomplish these objects been allowed, that now the
ground was changed upon which continued pio-
tcction, beyond that which the collection of the rev-
enue would affofd, was still demanded? He sup-
posed that must he-so, and hence it was necessary
to examine this new ground, and most especially as
to its influence upon labor.
If we are to adopt the prohibitory system to pro-
tect our manufacturing interests against the pauper
labor of Europe, when is the ground for that pro-
tection to cease? Certainly not until one of two
events can be brought about. It must continue
either until pauper labor shall cease to exist in Eu-
rope, or until the system shall produce pauper labor
here, which can compete, upon equal terms, with
the pauper labor of other manufacturing countries.
Who ever expects to see the time when there will not
be pauper labor in England, and the other European
countries? Certainly no one, while the present in-
stitutions, and systems, and policy, of those gov-
ernments continue. The first event, therefore, is
not to take place, and thus relieve our manufacturers
from theirdemands for protection against the pauper
labor of Europe.
How is it as to the second of these events? Wilt
the prohibitory system, fully introduced and rigidly
adhered to, reduce the labor of this countiy to a
similar state of pauperism, and therefore of equal
competition, with the labor of Europe? It had been
seen that such had been one of its fruits, in eveiy
country where it had been rigidly enforced, sup-
pose the system to be carried to the British extent
in this country, and tliat a sufficient portion of our
population be induccd by it to resort to manufac-
turing and the mechanic arts to consume all our
agricultural productions: can that portion of the
population which continues in agricultural pursuits
consume all the manufactured products of the por-
tion engaged in that branch? Certainly not the one
half of them. As one man employed in agriculture
can feed several engaged in other pursuits, so one
man employed in manufactures can clothe several
engaged m agriculture. What, then, is to become
of the surplus of manufactures? Now there is a sur-
plus of agricultural productions, and that surplus is
and must be exported; and hence those productions
are beyond the reach of protection from our duties.
So must the surplus of manufactures, in the as-
sumed case, be exported; and then will manufactures
be beyond the reach of our protection, while the
agricultural productions, being all consumed at
home, will be brought within the reach of protection
from our duties.
Such is precisely the present condition of (jrreat
Britain, and her agricultural interests prove as ready
to demand her legislative protection, and a monopo-
ly of her home markets, as did her manufacturing
interests, in their infancy, while the latter have
passed beyond the reach of benefit from the policy,
by having become her exporting interests.
Suppose this revolution accomplished m our
country, and that all our agricultural products are
consumed at home, and all our exports are made to
consist of our manufactuied products: how would
then be our manufacturing labor? It would be be-
yond the rcach of protecting duties, because its prod-
ucts would have to be sold in tlfe open markets of
the world, and to meet the competition of the world,
the pauper labor of Europe ana all. No import du-
ties of ours can enhance the value of their products,
or give to them the monopoly of a market. They
must meet competition, as the great mass of our ag-
ricultural productions now do, wherever a market
can be found. Then, however, our agriculture, like
that of England at the present time, will claim the
protection within its rcach, the exclusive possession
of the markets of its own country. It will command
and secure that protection, for it is, and will be, the
commanding interest. It will here, as in other
countries, draw the capital of the notion to itself, for
the security of investment, when the control of tie
national policy shall enable that capital, thus invest-
ed, to dictate its own profits.
When such a state of things shall have been pro-
duced by a pi-wlubitory policy on the part of tlii■
government, what will measure the compensation
to labor' and what, especially, to nianiifactuiinff
labor? The nmnufacturer can make his calculation
as well then as now. He can tell the cost of his
materials, the interest upon Ins capital invested, the
wear and'tear of his machinery, and the promise of
his market, as well under such a system as under
the present; and, consequently,lie wilt know as cer-
tainly what he can afford to pay foi labor, and when
his interests will be better served by closing his fac-
tory than by employing laborers to run it. What
will he do? " Will lie not pay such rates of wages
for labor as he can afford to pay, or employ no la-
borers at all? Most certainly he mil. What w4<
