49^5
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas-—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
himself to plead his privilege, if he finds it necessary
to recur to that protection.
The resolution having been agreed to on my mo-
tion, makes me responsible, in some sort, to me Se-
nate for its adoption. That responsibility I feel to
be the greater, because a senator has since informed
me that he had drawn up, without my knowledge,
a similar call; and had then destroyed it, without
offering it to the Senate, on account of the gravity
of its implications, and his own want of full proof to
justify his motion. I feel the responsibility of my
own movement the greater on this account; and as
the President ■ has not answered, the right to adopt
some other course to get at the information wanted,
or even to take it as confessed, accrues to us; and it
becomes our duty now, after waiting ten days at the
close of the session, to consider what we will do. I
rely upon the truth of the fact, on the supposition
of which the resolution is founded, and refer to testi-
mony to sustain my belief. First, there is the fact
of (he sailing and marching of our forces to the
scene of expected Mexican and Texian hostilities;
and this marching and sailing done in virtue of or-
ders, some given the day before, some the day after,
the signing the treaty; and all before it was commu-
nicated to the senate, and with instructions to ob-
serve the Mexicans, and to report to the two Presi-
dents, Tyler and Houston. This was a pregnant
fact, very significant of a previous agreement; and
the more suspicious on account of the preposterous
reason assigned for it! which was, that the treaty
was a treaty until'rejected by the Senate! instead of
being nothing until ratified! Such an excuse, for
such orders, implied a reason which could not be re-
vealed; and the more so, as all these military and na-
val orders were in the strictest degree confidential
and private, and intended to be kept as profoundly
secret from the people of the United States as from
the Mexicans; and, in fact, it was only by a call
from this chamber that authentic information of
them was obtained. They were called for on sus-
picion and belief, founded on probable cause, as I
have now called for information of the supposed
secret agreement between the two Presidents. Be-
sides the evidence of these facts, I had other evidence
derived from rumor, both Texian and American,
•which went to establish the same point; and since I
submitted my resolution I have found some Mexican
or Spanish testimony, which I will use for the same
purpose. It so happens, Mr. President, that I re-
ceive a newspaper in the Spanish language, pub-
lished in New York, and which I have sometimes
quoted heretofore in the Senate. This paper, under
date of the 25th of May—three days after I had sub-
mitted my resolution—made some very pointed as-
sertions m relation to the suspected agreement,
which I will read off in English to the Senate.
Mr. B. then read off from the Spanish periodical,
Noticioso de Jhnbgs Mundos, this paragraph:
"Nothing has "been resolved in the Senate at Washington
upon the important point of the aggregation of Texas In
the mean time, President Tyler goes on discharging more
.and more documents, which every day place his periidy in
a clearer light. Yet more discoveries jemain to bu made.
3-Ie has not yet transmitted to the Senate the compromise
(el compromiso) which he made with General Houston, (he-
fore he would consent to the treaty,) to send him land and
naval forces to prevent the Mexican government from com-
mitting hostilities upon Texas at the breaking the armis-
tice; which condition was the sine qua non of the Texian
government, it fearing with reason that, at the discovery ol
the plot, General Santa Anna would despatch an expedition
against her. It is certain that this correspondence is de-
signedly lost; but the Texian papers announce its existence
"Without mystery; and, late or early, the devil will be pulled
from under the blanket."—(y tarde o ttinprano tiiara el diablo
At la marital)
Thus positively speaks this paper, which, from
its character and nationality, must be well informed
in all that relates to the Texian and Mexican ques-
tion. It avers the agreement for this advance of
the army and navy to have been a condition prece-
dent, a sine qua non, to the signature of the annexa-
tion treaty; and it declares that the Texian newspa-
pers speak of it without mystery. This is true. I
myself have seen those revelations in those papers;
and, what is more than that, President Houston
speaks of the agreement himself, and, not without
reason, feels some pride in having out-diplomatized
our President and his Secretary of State, and, so far
as they could do it, annexed the United States to
Texas, instead of annexing Texas to the United
States. Upon all these evidences, coupled with ten
days' delay, at this late period of the session, to answer
a simple question in a case where immediate is the
word, and the le&jtf; delay is violent destruction to
our blessed Unionr—upon these evidences, and this
unaccountable delay under such circumstances, I
take it for a fact established, that the President has
made the secret agreement with President Houston
which the resolution supposes him to have done,
and on which we should not be kept in the dark
while others know it. If the Texian papers speak
of it without mystery, why should we be mystified—
we whose constitutional duty it is to act on the
treaty, and have a clear right to know all about it?
Assuming the fact of this agreement to be as sup-
posed, I return to the point—is not the Senate enti-
tled to a knowledge of this private engagement? And
I answer, yes! For it is a part of "the treaty, and
the most momentous part of it! It is a part of the
consideration paid for Texas; and a terrible part of
it! involving an atrocious violation of our constitu-
tion, in lending our army and navy to a foreign
power, to assist it in a war with another foreign
power with which we have treaties of friendship
and commerce., and in whose dominions we have at
this instant some thousand citizens engaged in peace-
ful trade. This is a large part of the price to pay
for the country. The expense of this army and
navy, thus loaned to Texas, it is presumed will fall
upon the United States, must be great, and will form
another part of the price; and if the war which we
provoke goes on, the United'States will have to bear
its brunt in money, ships, and men; and, great as
the expense may be in all these, it is nothing com-
pared to the destruction of our constitution in this
assumption of President Tyler to lend the army and
navy of the United States to President Houston, to
protect him from President Santa Anna! This is,
indeed, right royal work, like friendly Kings do by
each other in countries where there is no other law
or constitution than the King's pleasure. Louis the
Eighteenth lent an army to Ferdinard the Seventh
to protect him on his throne about twenty years
ago; but these loans, formerly common in Europe,
ha\e become rare since constitutional governments
have been established; and it is in the republic of
the United States, that this highest exercise of
despotic power, and this open assumption and ap-
plication of thepitnc anu the rnrord by one man, is
now to be seen. The agreement is an article of this
annexation treaty, and its fundamental article. It
is, in fact, a preliminary treaty. It is the sine qua
non of the second, or public treaty. Without it
there would have been no treaty of annexation. It
is a secret aiticlc, not communicated to the Senate,
but already acted upon by the President, and not
intended to be submitted to the Senate In this it is
a fraud upon the Senate—a very atrocious fraud—
sending us a treaty for our advice and consent to its
ratification, and concealing from us the main part of
the treaty—that part without which there would
have been no treaty—and the part which involves a
price in money, blood, commerce, and violated
constitution, which no one can calculate beforehand,
and which is without example in the annals of lim-
ited or responsible governments. All the rest of the
consideration agreed to be paid for Texas—the as-
sumption of her debts, and the confirmation of her
land grants—all, all is nothing compared to the war
and its consequences, which we also pay, and had
to pay in advance. No trust for that.
Assuming it to be a fact that the army and navy
have been furnished, and the war assumed, m pursu-
ance to a preliminary agreement made with Presi-
dent Houston, it was the bounden duty of the Presi-
dent to have communicated that circumstance to us:
instead of that, he gives no information what-
ever of the marching and sailing of the forces;
and it is only by a call made upon him
that the important circumstance is discovered.
The knowledge of it is dragged out by a call; and
then with a reason for these belligerent orders
wholly incompatible with the one which the resolu-
tion implies, and winch I believe to be the true one.
The reason given for these orders, in the message
of May 15th, informs us that the President acted
upon his own sense of duty under the declaration
of Mexico, that the ratification of the treaty would
be war on her, and on his belief that the Senate
would speedily ratify the treaty; and that, under
thesecircumstanc.es, he judged it right of his own
head to concentrate ships in the Gulf of Mexico
before Vera Cruz, $nd land forces on the borders of
Texas. Hear him:
"I have to inform the Senate (m answer to their resolu-
tion of inquiry ol -May 13th) that, m consequence of the
declaration of Mexico communicated to this government,
and by me laid before Congress at the opening of its present
session, announcing the determination of Mexico to regard
as a declaration of war against her by the United States the
definite ratification of any treaty with Texas annexing the
territory of that republic to the United States, and theliope
and belief entertained by the executive that the treaty with
Texas for that purpose would be speedily approved and rati-
fied by the Senate, it was regarded by the executive to have
become emphatically its duty to concentrate in the Gulf of
Mexico and its -vicinity, as a precautionary measure, as
large a portion of the home squadron under the command
of Captain Conner as could be well drawn together; and,
at the same time, to assemble at Fort Jesup, on the borders
of Texas, as large a military force as the demands of the
service at other encampments would authorize to be de-
tached."
This answer, given after the call for it, and that,
too, when immediate annexation was the word,
keeps entirely out of \iew any agreement with
President Houston, and gives reasons for the belli-
gerent orders altogether independent of such agree-
ment, and entirely incompatible with it. Let us
analyze these reasons. First, the declaration of the
Mexican government, at the commencement of the
session, that annexation would be war upon Mexico.
Certainly this declaration was made; but it was for
Congress, and not the President, to join the issue,
and make the war; and not for the President to make
it alone, and conceal it from Congress. But, of
this another time. I quote it to show that it is the
Mexican declaration, and not the Texian sine qua
non, which is officially given to us as the reason for
the marching and sailing orders! Next, the hope
and belief that the treaty would be speedily rat-
ified. Whence this hope and belief? What right
has the President to prejudge the judgment of the
Senate; and especially after the gross eiror already
committed on that point in~lns communications with
President Houston, in obtaining a resumption of
the suspended negotiation? What right had he
to prejudge the ratification of a treaty, and espe-
cially to form a judgment contrary to the general
belief, and to act upon that prejudgment, and that
in a ease of war? What right to do all this; and
more? Did he not keep the treaty seven days after
it was signed, before he sent it to the Senate? and
did not his Secretary of State, [Mr. Calhoun,]
through our chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, [Mr. Archer,] endeavor to prevent our
Consideration of the treaty for forty days? or
until their message came back, which has not yet
happened? Surely, we all know these things; and
they are utterly incompatible with the belief of a
speedy ratification, or any ratification of the treaty
at all. No, sir, no ! These troops and ships were
sent in virtue of the secret agreement with Pres-
ident Houston, without which there could have
been no treaty! and the "Texas bomb" could not
have been thrown into the Senate forty days before
the Baltimore convention ! This is the fact; and all
attempts to conceal this true reason are as stupid as
they are wicked.
A first great error usually involves a second;
and so it has happened in this case. The error of
moving these forces before the treaty was ratified, led
to the solecism of considering the treaty as a treaty
until rejected by the Senate, instead of being no-
thing until ratified by it. See this in the same mes-
sage:
"At the same time, it is due to myself that 1 should, declare
it as my opinion, that the United States 1m ing, by the treaty
of annexation, acquired a title to Texas, which requires only
the action of the Senate to perfect it, no other power could
be permitted to invade, and by force of arms to possess itselt
of, any portion of the territory of Texas, pending your de-
liberations upon th<; treaty, without placing itselfin a hos-
tile attitude to the United States, and justifying the employ-
ment oi any military means at our disposal \o drive buck
the invasion/'
This is a reversal of the power of the Senate, and
and a reading backwards of the constitution. It
makes an act of defeasance from the Senate neces-
sary to undo a treaty which the President sends
to us, instead of requiring our assent to give
it validity. It assumes Texas to be in the Union,
and protected by our constitution from inva-
sion or insurrrection, iike any part of the
existing States or Territories; and to remain so
till the Senate puts her out by rejecting the treaty!
This, indeed, is not merely reading, but spelling the
constitution backwards1 it is reversing the functions
of the Senate, and making it a nullifying, instead of
a ratifying body. We arc to dissent, instead of con-
sent; and until our dissent is declared, the treaty is
to be acted on; and that, even m the article of war!
Besides reversing our constitution, this reading of
the Senate's functions would lead to every folly, and
to scenes worthy of bedlam: for, the execution of
the treaty commencing with its signature, must go
on till the Senate rejects it. Apply this to ordinary
treaties, where civil acts only are to be performed,
and still folly and mischief would result from sud-
denly stopping what had been prematurely began,
