484
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cfoW For one, he was not in the. habit of delaying action
upon any business before this body, nor was he ,now de-
sirous to do so. He should be glad, however, if senators
interested in this bill would suffer it to lie over until to-
morrow, and he had no doubt there were many, senators
around him who would be'grstified by that disposition of it
Mr. BAYARD said he was quite disposed to let the matter
lie over. He would merely remark, in answer to the obser-
vations of the two senators who had spoken last, that the
whole thing, resulted in'this: whether special legislation
would not be better than general legislation. Now, this
was only coming back to the same thing. Instead ^ of Con-
gress, each time that a case occurs, having to legislate for
that isolated case, this bill proposes a general rule, and a
general scale, fixing a maximum, and requiring the same
care and investigation which would be necessary in cases
of special legislation. A general rule is to be established,
and it is to be applied according to a general regulation of
the department which is properly charged with the naval
service. A court-martial is to be appointed for the investi-
gation of eaoli case. What more" could be done in special
cases? He did not, however, mean at present to go further
into *hc merits of the bill; he would content himself with
moving to postpone the subject tiU to-morrow.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that experience as to general
laws had not been heretofore so favorable as to be recom-
mendatory of this bill. How many general laws are there
in which such larce discretions are left to departments of
the government, that, day after day, applications have to
come before Congress for special legislation1?
Mr. BAYARD said that was no more than what happened
in relation to all general laws. People who conceived the
fmeral law did not reach their cases, very naturally laid
em before Congress.
Mr. ALLEN, m continuation, observed that then it would
result in this: that the whole^ subject-matter of their com-
plaints was to be left at the discretion of individuals, subject
to the passions of men, for Congress would refer complain-
ants back to the general law, which leaves them at the
mercy of the department; and applications might be reject-
ed which the parties making them might wish to place be-
fore Congress. But this general law was to refer their
cases to a department specially charged with deciding them.
Congress would, by its own general law, be excluded
fiom legislating upon them at all, no matter how merito-
rious. It was a part of the public scrvice which ought not
to bo excluded from the legislation of Congress in all cases.
Congress is the great inquest of the country, appointed by
the people to investigate abuses in the administration of the
government; and it was proper it should retain the right of
investigating each individual case, if thought necessary, in
which losa m the public service occurs. This bill was
nothing more than a transfer of the power of making appro-
bations, in certain cases, from Congress to the head of the
Navy Department. He was opposed to the bill, but not op-
posed to the actual sufferers. He wished to reserve the pow-
«'!' of investigating who is the real, the innocent sufterer.
The people should have the fullest information in such
ouses. The Missouri had been burned up at the rock of
Gibraltar; "but what did the people know about the mattei?
All thej actually knew was, that half a million of their mo-
ney was lost in a few hours. A court-martial, he under-
stood, had decided that there was no negligence in that
case. Perhaps it was so; but the people should be satisfied
ol that. Ifitwasto be investigated under a general law,
what v. ould the people ever know of the real merits of the
case* Hut if it was a case brought under special legisla-
tion, Congress would have the power of satisfying the peo-
ple that no compensation was given, unless to individuals
who were proved to be innocent sufl'eiers—not sufferers by
their own negligence.
Mr. PEARCE rose to correct a misconception of the
senator from Ohio, as to the court-martial having been held
in the case of the Missouri. It was not so; but an investi-
gation is shortly to take ulaco before a court of inquiry. It
will be in open court. Newspaper reporters will be pres-
ent, and all the testimony wiji be fully spread before the
public.
Mr. BAYARD said, that under this general law, a court
of inquiry, or court-martial, would, in every case, have to
be held; and the proceedings would be public, and would
undoubtedly be published by the newspapers.
Hie bill was then postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked and obtained leave to offer a
petition from woven or eight gentlemen, captains of military
companies 111 the District of Columbia, asking for a law to
authorize those companies to be incorporated. He supposed
it ought to be referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. KING suggested that the reference should be to the
Committee on the Militia. Tins was a committee raised
purposely to take charge of a particular subject. He was
anxious to give that committee an opportunity—the only
one they had as yet had—of acting.
. The question was taken on the original motion, and the
petition was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
SURVEYS OF WESTERN HARBORS.
Mr. SEMPLE moved to take up the report lying ou the
table lelative to the survey ot the haibor ol St. Louis, with
3 iiew oi ordering it to be printed
^lr. MOREHEAD moved an amendment. to t;ike up also
the lvpoit of the harbor of Ijouisville, with a view of having
the diagrams and maps printed.
Mr. WHITE understood an order to print was already
made, including the report, but not the maps and diagianis,
he now was informed by a senator near lum, that the motion
to print had been withdrawn.
The CHAIR said the order to print the report in relutiou
to the harbor of Louisville had been made; but the maps
and diagrams were not included in that order.
Mr. WHITE enumerated the various points of improve-
ment mentioned in the report, ^nd he presumed the order
to print should include the whole. It is a most elaborate
ana learned report; and it was well deserving of having all
the maps and diagrams printed. The cost would be consid-
erable; but the report merited that it should be done. A
Wl0*erf.«s^1.?ncto the country could not exist. Even if it
cost ii would be veil worth it
The GHAIR said the motion and amendment would form
two distinct questions: One on the printing of the report in
relation to the harbor of St. Louis; ana the other as to
printing the maps and diagrams' attached to the report in
relation to the harbor of Louisville.
Mr. MOREHEAD pointed out the great public advantage
which would result from adopting some of the propositions
recommended by the engineer who made the survey of the
Louisville harbor. He -trusted his motion would prevail.
• Mr. WRIGHT did not perfectly understand what was the
precise question before the Senate.
The CHAIR explained.
Mr. WRIGHT then, understood thai there were two dis-
tinct motions.
Mr, SEMPLE suggested that, as they were entirely dis-
tinct reports, it would be necessary to take the question
separately on each, His idea was, that the question should
be taken first on the report as to the harbor of St. Louis.
Mr. WRIGHT said it was very well known that enor-
mous expense had been incurred, with very little benefit,
by the engraving and printing of maps heretofore. He
would therefore suggest the propriety of referring the mat-
ter to the Committee on Printing. From facts recently di-
vulged, it was certain that this branch of printing was the
most expensive, and it was that in which Congress was
most imposed upon. The Senate should be informed by the
Committee on Printing, whether there was any actual ne-
cessity for printing these maps.
Mr. WHITE rose for the purpose of saying that he
might have been too hasty in supposing the ordinary
reader would understand the reports without the maps.
But, on reconsideration, he was inclined to think the print-
ing of the maps would be necessary. It was one of the most
elaborate and scientific reports ever made on the subject
okthe improvement of the Ohio river; and therefore it ought
to be placed on record aud made accessible as a record for
general reference and in the most complete form. It ought
to be in the hands of those who trade and traffic on the Ohio
river. He asked if it required the vote oi a majority to re-
fer the matter to the Committee on Printing.
The CHAIR said it would, undoubtedly.
Mr. WHITE hoped if it was so referred, it would be re-
ported upon favorably. Even if the cost of printing the
maps would amount to two or three thousand dollars, it
would be well worth the money.
Mr. KING pointed out that the original maps were upon
record in the proper department of the government; and if
the Senate or committee want to examine them, they can be
got for that purpose. This thing of engraving had cost enor-
mous sums. It was of late years the abuse had grown up.
Every report accompanied by a map or diagram gave occa-
sion for propagating the evil. It was time to put a stop to
it. He hoped the Senate would refer the matter to the prop-
er committee, that the necessity and expense might be ascer-
tained.
Mr. SEMPLE hod inquired of different engravers what
would be the expense or engraving on copper—not steel—
the maps in relation to St. Louis harbor, and had ascertain-
ed it would be about $1,500.
Mr. WRIGHT asked how many maps'*
Mr. SEMPLE said seven or eight.
Mr. WRIGHT asked how many in relation to the Louis-
ville harbor'
Mr. MOREHEAD explained that there were four maps—
one, the largest, to illustrate merely the plan recommend-
ed. He believed the expense would not be much. He un-
derstood from the eugraver that the diagrams were neces-
sary for the proper understanding of the report. He trusted
the senators from New York ana Alabama would be satis-
fied with the explanations made, and suffer the question to
be taken, without reference to the Committee on Printing.
He was perfectly convinced there was no necessity for it,
on the score of economy.
Mr. WRIGHT supposed there could be no necessity lor
haste in this matter. It was now apparent the expense of
engraving and printing the maps would be at least $3,000.
There seemed to be some diversity of opinion as to the
number of the maps. He trusted the matter would be let
go to the Committee on Printing, that the Senate might have
specific information as to the number of maps, and the cost
of engraving and printing them.
Mr. MOREHEAD would not longer object to sending the
matter to the Committee on Printing; but he hoped, in fu-
ture, the rule would be applied equally; and that, in rela-
tion to other improveimmts, the same reference would be
made.
Mr. WHITE stated he had just ascertained that, although
there were many maps, (twenty small ones, he believed,)
the committee might designate the number and particular
maps necessary to be printed.
Mr. SEMPLE called for a division of the subject.
The report in relation to the St Louis harbor was then re-
fer red to the Committee on Printing.
The report on the harbor of Louisville was also referred
to the Committee on Printing,
Mr WHITE, on leave, presented a memorial from the In-
dian Missionary Association of Louisville, asking an appro-
priation for ameliorating the condition of the Indians; and
that Mich portions of the Indians as were in a settled and
civilized condition should be allowed to send representa-
tives or delegates to Congress. He moved the reference of
the memorial to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and that
the memorial be printed.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. CIlOATE gave notice that, oil Monday, at 1 o'clock,
he would move to take up the resolution of the Finance
Committee, for the indefinite postponement of the bill intro-
duced by the senator from South Carolina, [Mr. McDufwe:}
and, as he understood the senator from Georgia, [Mr. Bfr-
rikn,] desired to address the Senate on the subject, he (Mr,
C.) would with pleasure yield the floor to him on Monday j
tiespassing on the courtesy of the Senate to allow him sub-
sequently to make his argument.
On motion, it was agreed that when the Senate adjourn it
be to Monday next.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
On motion of Mr. HANNEOAPi, the bill in relation to
II
continuing the Cumberland road through Ohio, Indiana, and
'Illinois, was taken up; and the question being on ordering
it to "be engrossed and read a third time, the yeas and nay s
on that question were called for, and ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought some amendment ought to
be made to the bill; that the grading of the road with stone
ought to be reduced to 20 feet; otherwise the cost would be
a great deal too much.
Mr. WHITE explained that the road had been opened 80
feet wide, and the grading with stone proposed in the origi-
nal design had been estimated for; but he was confident the
work could now be done so much cheaper than when the
estimates were made, that a considerable saving in expense
might be expected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had a sincere disposition to aid the
gentlemen in their bill; and that could be best done by mod-
erating the expenditure. He explained the cost of malting
roads in Kentucky, with broken stone, which was about
$7,000 or $8,00u a mile; while the cost of this road could not
fall short of $15,00Q, according to thelowest estimate of the
gentlemen themselves. He believed, if the cost were not
reduced, the road never would be finished, at least by the
general government.
Mr. SEMPLE said, if the motion was made to reduce the
grading with stone, and if arguments in its favor had been
oli'eiedto convince him it was right, he did not know but
he might be induced to concur with the senator in its pro-
priety.
Pending the decision of this point,
Mr. TAPPAN moved to amend the bill by a pioUso for
constructing a bridge over the Ohio river at Wheeling,
such as would not obstruct the navigation of the river.
Mr. T. explained that the United States' never had com-
pleted the contract of carrying the Cumberland road to the
State of Ohio. It had only been carried to Wheeling in
Virginia; and there was >an island, also belonging to Vir-
ginia, between Wheeling and the Ohio shore, over which,
and the river itself, -the road should be carried, to reach
Ohio.
Mr. JARNAGIN ur^ed that it would be necessary to
have a survey and estimates fortius bridge. He thought it
would be better to have it made a distinct matterin a sepa-
rate bill, and not to introduce it here to embarrass this
bill.
Mr. TAPPAN said there had been an examination by com-
petent engineers as would be seen by a report m the House
documents. The amendment he considered peculiarly ap-
propriate to the bill. To show this he repeated that, as
compensation for the 5 per cent fund, the general govern-
ment •fras bound to complete the Cumberland road from tide-
water to the State of Ohio, which was incomplete for want
of the bridge across the two branches of the Ohio at Wheel-
ing and the island.
Mr. BUCHANAN was extremely sorry his friend fiom
Ohio had offered this amendment If the*bill was properly
amended, he should vote for it; but if this amendment pre-
vailed, he should undoubtedly vote against the bill for he
was so instructed by his State.
Mr. WHITE entreated the senator from Ohio to withdraw
his amendment, and leave the matter to be disposed of by the
bill now pending in another branch of Congress.
Mr. TAPPAN said the instructions of Pennsylvania were,
that its senators and representatives should vote against
the construction of any bridge at Wheeling, that would ob-
struct the navigation of the Ohio river. This was quite
conditional, and" need not prevent the senator [Mr. Buchan-
an] from voting for the bill.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that the legislature of Penn-
sylvania had adopted the resolution of instruction upon the
gravest consideration. He admitted that a suspension
bridge, sufficiently high not to inteifeie with the passage of
steamboats of the largest class, would not obstruct the
navigation of the river. But the amendment proposed by the
senator fiom Ohio did not propose the construction ol a
suspension bridge; it only said such a bridge as would not
interfere with the navigation of the Ohio river He hoped
the senator would withdraw his amendment. He (Mr. B )
regretted that his colleague was not present, as he under-
stood this matter much better than he did.
Mr. TAPPAN asked, Would the amendment be made ac -
ceptable to the senator by inserting the words "suspension
bridge?"
Mr. BUCHANAN said—No, it would not; because he drd
not consider it practicable, without interfering with the nav-
igation of the rivei.
Mr. PORTER referred to a report made some years ago,
in which it was shown that a suspension bridge would not
answer, because it would have to be so high in the air that
the greatest danger ofits destruction would be from storms.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend the bill bv providing
that the width of the road to be covered with stone shall
not exceed 20 feet
Mr. KING suggested that 16 feet would be wide enough
for the part to be covered with stone.
Mr. CRITTENDEN would, if more agreeable, leave a
blank, to be filled by the Senate, as to the breadth of the
road to bo covered with stone.
Mr. K1ISG pointed out the folly which had been exhibited
m spending so much money heretofore on the Cumberland
road to graMfy the mere ambition of making it a great aud
magnificent work. He would propose, as quite sufficient,
to fill the blank with 16 feet. He believed the Maysville
road, the best he had ever travelled over, had but 16 feet in
width covered with stone.
Mr. BREESE explained that the proposition to cover any
part of the road in Illinois with stone had been abandoned i'l
JS36. There was no hope of ever being able to apply stone
to the grading of the roid in that Gtate. All that was re-
quired was, to open the road 80 feet, grade it 30 feet, and
build bridges and culverts; the cost of which, (vet to be ills
curred,) was estimated at $810,000. $712,-115'had already
been laid out on the road in Illinois. The expenditure in
Ohio had been $2,077,000; in Indiana, $1,128,000. He read sev-
eral extracts from the report on the subject, and sent to the
table remaining portions, to be read by the secretary of the
Senate.
These extracts were read, giving the estimates for the
road in detail.
