May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Naval Depot at Memphis—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
Bat apply it to extraordinary treaties, like the pres-
ent one, where a war is adopted, and its prosecution
instantly assumed: apply the new doctrine to such a
treaty as this, and see how it works. Why, when
the battle was half fought—when soldiers were fall-
ing in the field, and merchants were flying from the
country—when blood was flowing and property
lost, a messenger might come staving up, with a
peace-warrant to arrest the combatants. The living
might indeed be arrested, and further killing stopped: j
but who could restore the dead to life? Who could i
epair the loss of the ruined merchant? What art
o >uld hide the shame of such bedlamite conduct?
The President says that, by the articles signed,
the United States has acquired a title to Texas,
which only wants the action of the Senate to per-
fect it. This only would be a very material qualifi-
cation, even if the articles gave a title which only-
wanted the.Senate's consent to complete. But it is
not so. A title is a right, and the signing of the
commissioners gives no rights under the treaty.
What they do gives no title. Besides, something
more than the Senate's action is wanted. The
Senate of Texas must also act! There must be a
ratification from each side; and these ratifications
must be exchanged, and exchanged at the place
agreed upon, and within the time limited; or all that
lias been agreed upon stands for nothing. The treaty
is null and void if not ratified by both parties, and the
ratifications duly exchanged. Even then there must
be a promulgation of the treaty by proclamation
before it takes effect. The President, therefore, is
in an error in supposing that nothing but the action
of our Senate was wanting to perfect the title which
he had acquired to Texas: much more is wanting:
and even if he felt a divine assurance that all these
remaining requisites would be complied with, yet
he could not take a single step under the treaty un-
til all was accomplished. He could not pay a dol-
lar, or move a man, or accept an inch of land un-
der it,- until it had acquired the validity of supreme
law by the complete fulfilment of every requisite to
the formation and promulgation of treaties. This
is too clear to be argued; and this additional error
into which the President has fallen, is only a conse-
quence of the false step which he had made m prom-
ising the army and navy to President Houston, and
sending them to him before the treaty was ratified.
President Houston took a terrible advantage of the
mad determination of the President and his Secreta-
ry to have the "Texas bomb" exploded forty days
before the Baltimore convention, in thus extorting
from them a loan of our army and navy to protect
him from Santa Anna, and thereby laying them
under the necessity of inventing so many absurdi-
ties to cover up their audacious violation of the con-
stitution. It was a terrible advantage of their mad
determination for him to take. Still I do not blame
him, but those who, from vile lust of political eleva-
tion, laid a plot which required such a crime to ena-
ble it to succeed.
Sir, it is in vain to deny this thing! The army
and navy have been lent to President Houston to
protect him from Santa Anna! and lent to him be-
cause there was no other way to get the "Texas
bomb" ready for the Baltimore convention, and to
blow up all the rival candidates for the presidency!
I was at Cincinnati—gone there for recovery from a
great injury—when I was told that the Secretary of
State had said that, in four days, he would throw a
"66m/)" into the Senate. It was new language for a
Secretary to use in relation to the American Senate!
and I said I would try and reach my piace by the
time the bomb bursted. I got here m time. I saw
it burst! and I had the gratification to see it blow
sky-high the gang of confederates—the Guy
Fawkes'—who had charged the missive for the
destruction of others. So just is Providence! and so
well is verified the truth of the beautiful oriental
aphorism which the impious Caliph found at the bot-
tom of the tomb which he had violated for lucre! and
which is as true in politics as in morals, and under
the setting as under the rising sun: "The wicked
shall commit iniquity without recompense, but not icith-
<jvl remorse."
Mr. President, the Senate has a right to the in-
formation, which the resolution supposes to be in the
hands of our President; and if he refuses to answer,
we may either take the resolution for confessed, or
prove it otherwise. For my part, I would prefer
proof. I would prefer that the resolution which I
nave submitted for our examination of persons at
the bar of the Senate should be adopted. The
secret history of this long intrigue might then be
discovered, in all its length and breadth, and in all
its dark designs.
The information is essential to us. The President
has sent us a treaty without lights, or guides, to con-
duct us through it. We get nothing except upon
calls, and then imperfectly, and after long delays.
The call for the money used in this warlike move-
ment is not answered yet, though made weeks ago.
This call for the secret engagement with President
Houston is not now answered at the end of ten days
—Congress having but seventeen days to live. The
information now requested is the most vital ever yet
applied for. It goes directly—admitting it to be what
it is supposed—to the life of the treaty, and kills it
stone dead. The great objection to the treaty is,
that it adopts the Texian war—that it makes war
unconstitutionally and unjustly, and upon a false
pretext—and that on a weak and friendly neighbor.
And if this objection is true, the treaty becomes a
crime before which all good men must recoil with
horror. Well! besides a vast quantity of other
proof to sustain this objection, we say here is a
piece of evidence which goes the whole! which cov-
ers the entire case! which proves it to the letter! be-
fore which no human being can doubt! in the pres-
ence of which guilt must confess, or stand mute!
This piece of evidence is believed to be a secret
promise to send our army and navy to Texas and
to Mexico to interfere in the Texian war—to assume
it upon ourselves—and to protect Texas from Mex-
ico. If we prove this, there is an end of the argu-
ment, and an end of the treaty: for no rational man
can admit that the President and Senate—much less
the President alone—can involve this country in war!
no good man could defend such a war! It would be
universally repulsed. Justifiable cause for it there
is none, either in the eyes of God or
man. The miserable pretexts for it invented
by the Duff Greens, are loathed and scorned by ev-
erybody. it stands exposed, supposing the secret
agreement to be as believed, a war of aggression
commenced by the President and his Secretary
alone, as the price paid by them to President Hous-
ton for his consent to the annexation treaty, which
was the sine qua non in their intrigue for the destruc-
tion of rivals and the elevation of themselves. This
is the fact, and it is folly to deny it. Sir, we have
seen many unworthy and degrading efforts made to
attain the presidency; but this is the first time, in
our country, that presidential aspirants have gone
the length of involving their country in war—un-
just and unconstitutional war—to gratify their wick-
ed ambition, and to slake their political vengeance.
But senators say this is a small war—a little pred-
atory war—a war between weak powers—and,
therefore, it is nothing to engage in it. I tell them
this is nonsense, and worse. War is war, whether
great or small! and the making of all wars is given
to Congress, and no other power dare to make one.
The President and Senate cannot—dare not—do it!
much less the President and his Secretary of State
alone! and they having done it to accomplish then-
own scheme, they now commit an outrage upon the
Senate in asking it to become an accessory after the
fact to the unparalleled crime which they have com-
mitted.
[At this stage of his speech, Mr. Benton was
interrupted by the arrival of the President's private
secretary with a bundle of confidential messages.
Mr. B. said it might be possible that the answer to
his call was among these messages; and, with the
leave of the Senate, he would suspend his remarks
until they were examined. The examination was
made, and the desired answer was found, and read
at large. It consisted of copies of a prolonged cor-
respondence, commercing several months ago, and
continued down to the Ilth day of April—the day
before the treaty was siffned—all pressing for the
army and navy on one side, and ail holding back
from granting them on the other, until the last du,y!
when "the Secretary of State, by command of the
President, yielded to Gen. Houston's sine qua non,
and his ministers were informed in writing that the
ships and troops would move immediately to the
Texian frontier, and the Mexican coast, PRE-
PARED FOR ANY EMERGENCY.]
Mr. Benton resumed. He exclaimed, Enough!
enough! I say no more. The devil is now pulled
from under the blanket! and all 1 ask is, that the
people may see him, as we do. I theiefore move to
remove the injunction of secresy from the papers
just read, and to order the printing of twenty thou-
sand copies for universal circulation.
[This motion gave rise to a prolonged debate, but
was finally carried in its whole extent.)
REMARKS OF MR. THOMPSON,
of mississippi.
In the House of Representatives, May 31, 1844.
Mr. Thompson moved to amend Senate bill No.
18, as follows: r '
Strike out all after the enacting clause,,and.insert the-'fol-
lowing: ' r
"That, for the purpose of selecting a Suitable site Cor a na-
val depot and ) an] at some point on the western waters, the
President of the United States be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to select an officer of the navy of the-rank of post cap-
tain, and such skilful and competent topographical engineer
or engineers as he may designate to he associated with such
naval officer, whose duty it shall be to make an accurate,
minute, and scientific examination of the most suitable
points on the Mississippi river between the Balize and the
mouth of the Missouri river, with a view solely to the capa-
bilities and advantages'of eaoh of said places or points for a
naval depot and yard, for building, equipping, furnishing,
and repairing steamships- and other vessels 'of war, for the
use of the.havy of the United States, who shall report to
Congress, at its next session, a detailed and faithful state-
ment of the several advantages aijd capabilities- of each of
the said points, and a separate detailed statement and esti-
mate of the expense attending the construction of said depot
and yard, basing the same upon accurate scientific examina-
tionrand surveys, to be made by said engineer or engineers,
under the superintendence of the officer of the nav^ to be
appointed as aforesaid; and for the purposes aforesaid,-the
sum of five thousand dollars be", and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money in the treasury not otherwises
appropriated."
Amend the title of the bill as follows:
"A bill to provide for a scientific examination and survey
of certain pointy on the western waters, with a view to the
selection of a suitable place for a naval depot and yard.''
Mr. THOMPSON said he had not expected that
this bill would have been taken up to-day; and,
therefore, he was not prepared to lay before the
committee the proof of many -facts which he -con-
sidered important to a rightful understanding of this
question.
Mr. T. said the time had come when the mighty
valley of the Mississippi had a right to demand the
establishment of a naval depot at some point on the
banks of the great father of waters. This is a
work of great interest, not to a portion or section of
the West, but-to every State whose streams flowed
into the Mississippi. The immense and-augment-
ing commerce which finds its way through the Gulf
of Mexico to the markets of the w-orld, requires
protection; and, though our navy is expensive, yet
we must do something to identify the western and
southwestern States with this great and glorious
arm of the national defence. Hence, in my oppo-
sition to this bill as it now stands, I am not to be
understood as interposing any obstacle to the grand,
design. A western naval depot ought to be estab-
lished; and, because 1 am very anxious for the suc-
cess of this grand undertaking, I have offered my
amendment. There is no occasion for immediate
action. Should an establishment be' commenced at
Memphis, I am very desirous of its prosperity; and
be assured, Mr. Chairman, liberal appropriations
will be asked annually to sustain it. 1 myself will
ask them, and every representative from my section
will press them. Our legislation should not, then,
be too hasty. Let us obtain all the information
practicable, and assure ourselves of being right, be-
fore we begin a work .which will require at our
hands such large annual contributions. By too great
haste, it might turn out that the government money
is expended to no purpose.
The object of the naval depot on the western wa-
ters is to defend the Gulf of Mexico. Memphis
is situated a thousand miles or more from the coast-
Here is a consideration which, of itself, is entitled to
great weight. Suppose the location to be safe from
the sudden attaiksof the enemy, and free from all
stealthy and secret surprises; and suppose the ves-
sels you build may descend with promptness to the
scene of action and duty: it is perfectly certain that
no disabled vessel can ever be repaired at this yaid.
Everv man acquainted with the strength of the curr-
ent of the Mississippi river, when high, and the deptk
of the channel when low, will laugh at the very prop-
osition, of bringing back a vessel to Memphis after
it has been once launched in the mighty ocean. In
will be impossible. So, then, a navy yard located at
this point can be used only for the construction, of
vessels, never at all for repairs. If this be the sole
object, why should you stop at this point on the riv-
er? Some years ago a vessel of the largest class
was constructed at Pittsburg, and floated to the
ocean. But that vessel will never revisit its birth-
place. If construction be the only object of a nav il
yard, there are one hundred places on the Mississip-
pi river which can boast equal advantages and faciij|
ties m every respect whatever.
