congressional globe.
The blank was filled with 16 feet, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. SAMPLE moved an amendment, that the money ap-
propriated by this bill for Illinois, be applied to the opening
and grading of the road in said State, before any part of it
be applied to putting stone on the road.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked if the senator would have any
objection to modifying his amendment, so as to say "no
part" of the money shall be applied to putting stone on, the
road.
Mr. SEMPLE said he had no objection to the modifica-
tion.
Mr. KING objected to the enormous expense of putting
stone 9 inches deep on any part of the road now to be com-
pleted. Ihe cost in Indiana alone would yet be $3,000,000.
Mr. HANNEGAN replied to the senator from Alabama,
with a view of showing that the lavishness of the expendi-
tures on the Cumberland road, heretofore made, had been
owing to the manner in which Congress itself had prescrib-
ed the doing of the work. All that was guarded against in
the formatien of this bill. He was satisfied the work could
be completed through Indiana for $1,400,000, instead of
$3,000,000, as supposed by the senator from Alabama.
Mr. McDUFFlE considered this a subject of too much im-
portance and magnitude to be disposed of while the Senate
•was so thin He hoped the subject would be postponed.
Mr. SAMPLE hoped the senator from South Carolina
would not object to letting the question on his amendment
be first taken
Mr. McDUFFIE assenting,
The question was taken on Mr. Sfmple's amendment, and
it was adopted.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 5, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the rules be suspended, for
the purpose of going into Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER observed that there was a motion now
pending for a suspension of the rules, on the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. iNfiRRsoM..]
Onmotion of Mr. HENRY BODGE,it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Territories be discharged
from the consideration of the resolutions ol the Territory of
Wisconsin relating to the boundary line between Wisconsin
and Missouri; and that they be referred to the Committer on
the Judiciary.
•On motion of Mr. HENRY DODGE, all the petitions and
memorials for harbor appropriations at Racine and South-
port, in Wisconsin Territory, were transmitted to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. TIBBATTS renewed his motion, with some additional
remarks, which were not distinctly heard.
Mr. WHITE said it would be necessary that the question
should be taken upon the question now pending for a sus-
pension of the rules for tlie purpose of ordering the printing
of an extra number of copies of the minority report from the
Committee of Ways and Means; and he insisted upon his
call for the j eas and nays.
Mr. WELLER said when they were endeavoring to print
an extra number of the majority report, it would be remem-
bered- —
The SPEAKER observed that the question was not de-
batable.
The question was then put for suspending the rules, to en-
able the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll]
to move the printing of an extra number of copies of the
minority report from the Committee of Ways and Means.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being taken, result-
ed thus: yeas 94, nays 44. So the rules were suspend-
ed.
Mr. WHITE then moved to amend the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, by fixing the number of copies
to be printed at 10,000. This was but half as many as had
been printed of the majority report.
Mr. INGERSOLL accepted the amendment as a modifica-
tion ofhis resolution; and, after some remarks1 from Messrs.
WHITE, THOMPSON, HOLMES, and WELLER,
Mr. HAMLIN moved the previous question, which was
seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now put, being upon
the adoption of the resolution^ it was accordingly put, and
decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
DRUMMOND LIGHT.
Mr. HALE mo\ed a reconsideration of the vote taken yes-
terday, on rejecting the resolution of the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings for lighting the hall with the Drummond light;
and
On motion of Mr. HALE, the further consideration of this
motion was postponed till to-morrow.
WESTERN RIVERS AND HARBORS.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS,
The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bo> n of Kentucky in the
chair.) and took up the bill making appropriations for cer-
tain harbors and rivers.
The bill having bean read,
Mr. TIBBATTS mov< d to amend one item of the bill by
striking out $o0,000, and inserting $100,000, for the improve-
ment of a portion of the Ohio river; but as the reporters
could not obtain a single copy of the bill, the precise pur-
port of the amendment was not understood. He stated to
the committee that the $50,000 appropriated by this bill
would be wholly inadequate to the purpose designed.
Mr. JAMESON hoped the gentleman from Kentucky
would withdraw the amendment, for the most liberal provi-
sion had been made for that portion of the Ohio river.
Mr. VINTON denied that that portion of the Ohio river
was liberally provided for. He went into some details of
the obstructions in the Ohio river, lying between the cities
of Pittsburg and Louisville, and showed the importance of
the commerce on that river. The portion of the river for
which this appropriation was to be made, had for its termini
the cities of Pittsburg and Louisville. It passed the cities of
C incinnati and Maysville, and numerous large and important
towns, of which it was the channel of communication, as
well as of the commerce of the cities of Philadelphia, Bal-
timore, &c., at the one extreme, and the great West at the
other. He contended that the proposed appropriation was
pitiful and inadequate.
Mr. McCLELLAND said he rcported'thi's bill to the House,
and he explained the reasons which influenced' the commit-
tee in fixing this appropriation at "$50,000. They had, how-!
ever, subsequently received information which induced a
majority of the committee to concur in the propriety of in-
creasing the appropriation to the sum proposed by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Tibbatts.]
Mr. McCAUSLEN entreated the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Jameson] to withdraw his objection to this bill.
Mr. JAMESON was understood to say, that if the commit-
tee had got any new light on this subject, which had
changed their views of the propriety of fixing the lower
sum, he should not object.
Mr. McCLKLLAND repeated that the engineer in charge
of this branch of the public works had shown the committee
the necessity of this increase of appropriation.
Mr. McCAUSLEN then advocated the amendment.
Mr. DARRAH also advocated the adoption of the amend-
ment. Much might be done on the Ohio river; nineteen
snags and obstructions might be removed, but if the twenti-
eth remained the work was imperfect. He argued that it
would be a wise economy to increase the appropriation, that
the work might be completed at once, rather than be pro-
tracted, and done at intervals and in small portions.
The CHAIRMAN put the question on the proposed
amendment, and 78 voted in the affirmative, and 25 in the
negative, being less than a quorum.
Mr. WELLER called for tellers, remarking that there was
evidently a quorum present.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. J. P. Kennedy and
Biolaok were appointed, and they reported 84 in the affirm-
ative, and 30 in the negative: the amendment, was there-
fore agreed to.
Mr. IIOGE moved to amend the bill by striking out $180,-
000, and inserting $223,000 for the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi, the Missouri, the Arkansas, the Illinois, and the
lower portion of the Ohio rivers.
The committee, he said, had already agreed to the appro-
priation of $100,000 for the Ohio, above the falls, where he
believed no losses of life or property had ever occurred;
and he thought it but just and reasonable that the lower
portion of that river should have an adequate appropriation
for its improvement.
Mr. WELLER opposed the amendment. He said he
thought $180,000 a sutficiently liberal appropriation.
Mr. SMITH,- of Illinois, rose, and remarked that he had
on a former occasion given his views to the House on the
importance of liberal appropriations for the improvement of
the western iivers, and he now only wished to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the importance of the amendment
proposed by his colleague, [Mr. Hoge.] He did not find
fault writh appropriations made in the bill under consider-
ation for other objects; 'but it must be apparent to every
gentleman of the committee, who was acquainted with the
importance of the objects provided for in the bill, that the
sum of $180,000 for the improvement of all the western
rivers below the falW of the Ohio, was disproportionately
small, compared with other appropriations. He stated that
more lives'had been sacrificed, and more property destroyed,
in navigating those rivers, than in the prosecution oi' the
commerce of all the other portions of the Union combined.
And (said Mr. S.) will this committee, when the lives of
thousands of oui citizens are at stake, refuse an adequate
appropriation for their protection^ He begged of gentle-
men not to allow dollars and cents to come into competition
with the lives of their citizens. Mr. S. went on to show
that it would be a matter of policy for the insurance com-
panies in the West (if they had the constitutional power)
to remove the snags and obstructions in the Mississippi and
Missouri rivers, as the losses sustained by them, alone
would., justify the constant employment of snag-boats
on those rivers. The sum of $'2iB,000 asked for, to ef-
fect the improvement of these rivers, (said Mr. S.,) is insig-
nificant when compared with the millions which hare been
appropriated upon the seaboard, and in other portions of the.
Union. He did not wish to go at large into a recital of the
enormous sums expended by the government upon the At-
lantic coast, at different periods, and for various purposes;
all those facts were in the possession of the committee.
Neither did he wish to excite any local or sectional feel-
ings in this matter. And he hoped gentlemen would weigh
well the importance, as well as justice to the West, of this
appropriation, and that they would deliberate long before
they would vote against it. Mr. S. went on to show the
vast extent of river navigation covered by this appropria-
tion, and the nature of the obstructions to be removed—the
millions of people who were directly interested in the im-
provement, and the importance to the whole Union of ren-
dering these great commercial highways safe for the
transitof her citizens, and the abundant.products of the
valley ol the Mississippi.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, that he regretted that there was
any contrariety of opinion upon the subject of the amend-
ment offered by his colleague, [Mr. Hock.J For himself he
would say that he would be exceedingly glad, should it
meet with the approbation of the committee, to agiee with
the amendment; hut should it not, he still would be con-
tent to support the bill as it stood.
The amendment ofhis colleague proposed to increase the
appropriation for the improvement of the lower Ohio, the
Mississippi, the Missouri, the Illinois, and the Arkansas
rivers, from $180,000 to $223,000—the latter sum
being the amount recommended by the topographical
bureau. Col. Long, who made this report, says that this
sum "will very partially cover the amount that will be re-
quired for the accomplishment of the numerous works and
operations to which it alludes"—meaning the improvement
of these rivers?.
Mr. McC. said the people of Illinois have deeply interested
in this subject. That State was bounded on the east by
the Wabash river, on the south by the Ohio, on the west by
the Mississippi, and on the north by Lake Michigan. It
therefore followed that the prosperity of Illinois materially
depended upon the improvement of its rivers and lakes.
Mr. McC, said that the West had grown up so suddenly,
that many gentlemen from the old States -were not prepared
to appreciate the importance of protecting'its interests. ' •
Mr. McC. went on to compare the area of the western and'
southwestern States, with the area of the old States; the
population of the western valley, with the population of the
old States; the relative political influence of the eastern and
western States j the relative amounts of the agricultural pro-
ductions of the eastern and western States; the tonnage of
the western States, with the tonnage of the eastern Stated;
the commerce of the West as compared with the commerce
of the eastern States; and the proportion the former bore to
the entire amount of the comnierce of the United States
with foreign nations.
Mr. McC. also went on to show the number of persons
employed in the navigation of the western waters. Also
the annual amount of travel upon the western waters.
He next spoke of the extent of navigation in the West,
and the necessity of improving it for the convenience of the
general government, and to prevent the loss of property and
human life.
Mr. McC. then spoke in general terms of the West.
Mr. G. DAVIS addressed the committee on the subject of
Mr. Van Buren's administration, and spoke up to the expira-
tion ofhis hour in' criticising the measures of that adminis-
tration, and in censure of the principles and policy of the
democratic party. He first charged against Mr. Van Buren
that he opposed the war of 1812 against Great Britain, and
advocated the election of De Witt Clinton to the presidency
in opposition to Mr. Madison, the candidate of the demo-
cratic party. He also charged that the administration of
Mr. Van Buren, before it went out of power, had involved
the country enormously in debt, and left that debt as a
legacy to the administration of General Harrison. Mr. D
spoke of the heavy expenditures of the government under
Mr. Van Buren's administration, and charged it with the
grossest extravagance; and urged that the extra session, for
which the whig party had incurred so much censure, was
caused by the extravagance and ruinous policy of the pre-
ceding administration. He alluded to the issue oi treasury-
notes by that administration, which he denounced as im-
politic and unconstitutional; and said that it was a measure
in opposition to the principles of the whig party, who were
opposed to creating a debt in that way He charged that
the democratic majority in the Congress that preceded the
last presidential election had refused necessary appropria-
tions for the fear of swelling up their amount of expendi-
ture, and had, for the same reason, withheld the payment of
just claims on the government, such as those of the Massa-
chusetts militia, the Missouri \ olunteers, and the volunteers
of Georgia and Florida; but this (he said) was on the eve of
a presidential election, when the party then in power
wished to get the credit of being economical. Mr. D. ad-
vocated the tarift policy, and ppokc of the present tariff as
one founded on just principles, and calculated to advance
the best interests of the country at large.
The chairman, at the expiration of the hour of the gentle*
man from Kentucky, cut short his remarks by the announce-
ment of that fact.
Mr. PAYNP2 next obtained the fioor, and commenced by
observing that he had never risen before with the view of
making a party speech. Hitherto, when he had addressed
the House, he had addressed himself exclusively to the sub-
ject under consideration, but he took this occasion to an-*
nounce.atthe outlet, that such was not now.his purpose.
And why should he now deviate from his usual course?
"Why, it must have been observed, that ol late no question,
whatever could be presented for the consideration of the
House, but it was made to assume a party character, and a
party debate was got up upon it, without the slightest in-
tention to enlighten the House on the subject under consid-
eration. Recently, a bill was brought before the House to
change the mode of holding the election of Piesident and
Vice-President of the United States, so as to take the vote on
the same day throughout the United States, and the House
would remember the character of that debate. Later still,
a proposition was brought into the House to repeal the dis-
tribution act, and again a party debate was the con<e-
quence. Another question, which he did not now recollect,
came up, and again they had party speeches—all, with one
exception, coming from the party in opposition to that to
which he belonged, and evidently designed to agitate the
public mind.
This system had been pursued so far that it had become
the duty of the members of the democratic party to vindi-
cate themselves from the party charges which had#been
made against them, and herein was his justification, in the
unusual course he was aboutto pursue, with thcindulgence
of the chairman of the committee. He trusted he should be
should be pardoned if he went far back to notice some
charges which had been made by some previous speakers,
more particularly by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. JUr-
oin,3 who had. gone back to the old charge—the oft-refuted
charge—of opposition to the last war by Mr. Van Buren.
But, though so olten reiuted, it was brought up here again
in a new aress, and, he supposed, was to be sent out to the
country to influence the people. It was not necessary, he
conceived, that he should enter at very great length into an
examination of the purposes and objects of Mr. Van Buren
in relation to that war; the records of the countn were mo t
conclusive on that subject: the records of the great State of
New York were so conclusive, that, after their examination
in relation to that period of our history, no man could doubt
Mr Van Buren's firmness m the defence of his country.
But it was said that Mr. Van Buren voted against Mr.
Madison, m favor of Mr. Clinton, and consequently that he
was against the war. Now. no man venerated the chaiac-
ter and memory of that illustrious man more than he {Mr.
P.) did, and he trusted, on all proper occasions, he should be
ready to defend either the public or private character of M r.
Madison against all attacks that might be made Pgainct him*
but he now did not find it necessary to do so. He, however,
appealed to the recollection and the experience ol every
gentleman on this floor who recollected the events an con-
nexion with the late war, whether Mr. Madison -was not
considered by the friends of Mr. Clinton as not sufficiently-
vigorous for a war candidate; and whether it was not appre-
hended that Mr.Madison would not prosecute the war with
the vigor which its friends desired should character!?*- it.
But oh this subject he would appeal to whig authority, and
out of their own mouth he would condemn them. He d®
