600
APPENDIX TO fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong.; ..1st Sess.
The Jbnistad Negroes—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
If we intend to combine both the construction and
repair of vessels, we must go down the river to a
point not far above the mouth of Red river, up to
which there is continuously deep water, and where
there is comparatively a slack current. Here is a
strong consideration in favor of a scientific exami-
nation, as proposed in my amendment. And sure-
ly four or five hundred miles will be far enough in
the interior to give us security against sudden sur-
prises, and the disastrous aims of British Paixhan
guns. It . would be insulting to an American
Congress to elaborate such an argument. But
should not the object be still further to collect mate-
rials for ship-building, naval stores, or provisions
for the navy? In' my estimation these considera-
tions cannot be overlooked. While, in some of
these respects, Memphis can have no advantage
over any other place on the river, in other points,
it labors under decided disadvantage.
After the junction of the waters of the Ohio and
Mississippi at Cairo, in Illinois, there is no acces-
sion of water of any consequence till you reach the
mouth of White river—a considerable distance be-
low Memphis, and more than five hundred miles
below Cairo. Then from the western side comes
the Arkansas, which is one of the longest rivers of
the United States, and then the Red river. On the
east the Yazoo river pours in its mighty current
nome distance above Vicksburg, the Big Black
and Bayou Pierre. Everybody knows that"timber
is never rafted up stream; and it is* as familiar that
most of the ship timber is taken from the forests of
our extreme southern States. You could never col-
lect a stick of live oak at Memphis. Indeed, all the
valuable timber that adorns the banks of all our
southern streams would more easily find their way
to Boston than to Memphis. On the Arkansas and
Red rivers, an extremely valuable wood, as yet
scarcely known to shipbuilders, called the bois
d'arc, or brass wood, grows in great quantities. In
my estimation—and in this opinion I am sustained
by others who have a more intimate acquaintance,
with the subject than I possess—this bois d'arc is
soon to supersede the use of live oak timber alto-
gether. The strength, durability, and shape of the
wood will force itself upon the attention of our peo-
ple, and secure to it favor. There is on all ofthese
streams, both of Arkansas and Mississippi, an ex-
haustless supply of the tallest pine, cedar, and oak.
And surely a western naval yard should not be so
located as to defeat its own purposes.
But I may be told that, in the advancement of the
age, iron will be the chief ingredient in all vessels
hereafter to be built. This is to be obtained m the
country above Memphis. This is true to a consid-
erable extent. However, it is well known along the
banks of the Arkansas, and in the interior of that
State, iron ore is found in great abundance, and
coal without limit. All of this country will ho cut
off from a market at your navy yard. In addition
to this, the freight from Pittsburg to Memphis, and
to Natchez, or even New Orleans, varies but a
shade. Every western member is well acquainted
with this fact. And thus the material from all
States above will be as cheaply and as abundantly
supplied to any point below as at Memphis. The
same is true as to the price of provisions. The
New Orleans market is just as cheap as the Mem-
phis market, and in many things cheaper; and the
same is tiue with the intermediate markets. So no
peculiar advantage in this respect can be claimed by
any one point on the river.
But I know the prejudice which lingers in the
minds of many persons, who have never examined
into the facts, as to health. But I feel assured that
if gentlemen would come up to this subject honestly
seeking for truth, they would change their views.
It is a singular fact, that in Europe the invalid travels
south for his health; in this government the inclina-
tion is to repair to the north. But without pretend-
ing to the gift of prophecy, I venture the assertion,
that the fashion will change in fifty years. There
are unhealthy locations in all climates. But the
more equal climates, where the extremes of heat
and cold are unknown, ceteris paribus, will in the
end be recognised as the most healthy. The city of
Natchez, for the last forty years, has been more
healthy (and that period includes two or three epi-
demics of cholera and yellow fever) than the
city of Philadelphia, or New York, or Boston.
This remark is not based on loose conjecture, but on
actual statistical facts of record; and should the state-
ment be called in question, I am prepared with the
■pi oof, taken from Emerson's Medical Statistics. As no
ffecord; so far as I am advised, has been kept of the
deaths of the various cities on the Mississippi river,
I have been unable to institute a comparison; but I
consider Natchez the healthiest city on the banks of
the Mississippi river. As to the yellow fever, it is
a fact well worthy of remark that no case has ever
travelled beyond the limits of the city; and a navy
yard would not be expected to be located within the
limits of the city. As to a comparison of the health
of Natchez with that of Memphis, I have not the
data for correct information; but I feel confident an
accurate inquiry would prove that Natchez had
greatly the advantage. Adjacent to Memphis, a
large stream empties itself into the river; the bottom
is wide and damp, and the settlements on the whole
stream are much subject to malignant fevers. On
the bank opposite to the city of Memphis the bot-
tom is forty miles wide, lying soutn and west.
Natchez has been settled for nearly one hundred
years. The whole circumjacent country is in a high
state of cultivation, and covered with a dense popu-
lation; the location is high, the air is pure, the
climate delightful and equable; and there are no
local causes of disease, but the river itself. At all
events, these facts should be-inquired into.
But it will be said, as it has been said in another
quarter, that vessels can be easily taken up to
Memphis. The facts are too stubborn to listen to
such a thing for one moment. The proof is too
clear, too positive, too direct, to entertain a doubt on
this subject. No vessel made for war has yet been
known io draw less than twelve feet water. 1 am
told the Princeton, a light vessel, draws thir-
teen feet; the Mississippi steamship draws
eighteen, and the Missouri did draw about
the same. ITow many months in the yea.i
could such a vessel ascend the river as high as
Memphis* In low stages, it is well known that, be-
tween Natchez and Memphis, there arc several bars
on the river where the depth of the water does not
exceed six feet. This is incontestably proved by
divers steamboat captains, whose affidavits accom-
pany the Vicksburg memorial. There are few mer-
chantmen which draw less than twelve feet water;
and, whenever the entire channel is that deep, the
current is so strong that the largest class of steam-
boats would be unable to tow an ordinary merchant-
man to Memphis. I have heard that an invention
has been made, by which all this can be remedied—
that is, by the use of camels. This is a grand in-
vention to help navy-yards a thousand miles from
the ocean. Wny choose a navy-yard where such an
apparatus is required? This looks too much like
the story of Mahomet, the prophet—as the moun-
tain would not come to him, he concluded to go to
the mountain; so, if the place does notguitthe navy-
yard, the navy-yard must be made to suit the place.
Why locate your naval depot so high from the gulf
as to require the aid of any such unwieldy appara-
tus? In what manner they could be used m the
Mississippi/iver, however, is a perfect mystery to
me. Having once struck down the legs of this cam-
el into the bottom of the Mississippi river, and ta-
ken upon its back a ship-of-war, and heaved it over
the shallow place, it would require no small quanti-
ty of corn and fodder to enable him to pull his legs
out. Indeed, I could never tell when it would cease
to go down, and down, and reach a solid bottom.
If, however, this bill is to bo passed merely for
the gratification of my good friends from Tennessee,
you must look to the consequences. As soon as
you locate it at Memphis, I shall press the strongest
appropriations. Memphis is my market town.
Here I land on my return home; and all of my
neighbors do their shipping, and well nigh all their
trading, at this place. Here I have many friends
whom I esteem most highly: and were I acting here
for myself alone, I should not have given utterance
to the ideas advanced; but duty to my constituents,
duty to the country at large, and an anxious desire
that this experiment may prove successful, and
meet the approbation of the whole West, require of
me to throw myself in apparent opposition to this
bill. Should an examination be made, and the
officers of government designate this point, I will
surrender unconditionally. The gentlemen from
Tennessee are, without doubt, solicitous to locate
this establishment within their borders. This is all
right; but they should not be too eager for every
thing. Her noble sons I stand read)7 to honor;
and, with the help of the people, (which, I am sure,
they are ready to give,) I will give to Tennessee our
next President, and that will surely be honor and
glory enough for one season.
As yet, no other location on the Mississippi river
has been examined by the authoiity of this govern-
ment. In justice, then, to other places—injustice
to the members of Congress who are called upon to
favor this establishment, so much desired by the
people of the West—in order to give general satis-
faction to friends, and to insure the success of the
enterprise, let there be an examination, by a skilful
and practical boaid of officers; and when all the in-
formation is laid before the House, no one can com-
plain of the action of Congress. Make the location
now, and there are many places on the river where
the people will feel they have been ovei looked, and
their petitions slighted. Delay is not defeat, but
tends more certainly to secure the object desired by
us all—which is, usefulness to the whole country.
And, with these remarks, 1 am willing to submit
the question to the committee, and shall acquiesce,
without a murmur, to the action of the House on
the subject. I feel, now, that I have discharged my
duty to my constituents, and to the country.
SPEECH OF MR. GIDDINGS,
op ohio,
hi the House of Representatives, Jipril 18, 1844—
Upon the motion of Mr. Charles J. Ingersoll
to print ten thousand copies of the report made
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs in favor of
paying for the negroes on board the schooner
Amistad.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that the printing so large
a number of extra copies of this report would not
only involve the treasury in an important expense,
but it would also seem to imply a favorable consid-
eration of the principles embraced in the report by a
majority of the House. It is therefore important
that gentlemen should understand, and be fully in-
formed of its character.
It is (said Mr. G.) a report in favor of the stave
trade; a subject on which our constituents are not
permitted to approach us, on account of its "peculiar
delicacy." Indeed, it was regarded as being so
eminently "delicate" during the forepart of the
present session, that the morning hour for nearly
six weeks was spent m so arranging the rules of the
House as to exclude all petitions from the people in
regard to that subject. The honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Ingersoll]
then voted for the rule excluding such petitions, for
the purpose of suppressing all agitation of subjects
connected with this slave trade. At this time he
brings in a bill giving seventy thousand dollars to
those slave dealers of Cuba; makes a long report in
favor of the bill, and asks us to send out thi3 vindi-
cation of the slave trade to the people at the public
expense; yet he would not agitate the question here;
no, sir, not by any means. Gentlemen who hold to
the prinoiples of this report, would desire that we
should remain silent, and vote for the printing; and
send it to the country, in order to agitate it among
the people, but not here. Nor is this all: if any ex-
pression of opinion is had in this hall, it appears to
be thought necessary that such expressions should
be in favor of this traffic, and not against it. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ingersoll] will
understand my allusion when I say thit I have had
some personal experience in relation with this sub-
ject of the slave trade. A little more than two years
since I took occasion in this hall to deny the right
and the constitutional power of Congress to appro-
priate the money of the people to sustain this traffic
in our own species. I presented my views to the
consideration of the House in the form of resolu-
tions. For thus daring to express my senti-
ments, a vote of censure was passed upon me by
a large majority of this body. Among those who
then publicly condemned me for this exercise of my
rights as a representative was the honorable gentle-
man who now makes this motion! After voting to
exclude the respectful petitions of my people to be
exempt from the foul disgrace of participating in this
most nefarious trade; and after voting to censure me
for expressing my views in regard to it, he comes
forward, introduces a bill to take seventy thousand
dollars from the pockets of the people to pay these
piratical dealers in the bodies of then* fellow men;
and accompanies the bill with an elaborate vindica-
tion of that commerce which we have, by our laws,
pronounced piracy; and then asks us to print a
large number of extra copies of this argument at
public expense, to be distributed among the people
of the ration. I had hoped that some other northern
member would have met this proposition in a man-
ner more able than 1 can do but as no other gentle-
man has appeared disposed to speak upon the sub'
