m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sired the Clerk to read an article from the pen of Mr. W. L.
Stone, editor of the Nei# York Commercial Advertiser, to
show what he said Mr. Van Buren's course was.
The Clerk read the letter as follows:
""We prefer giving a public answer to the foregoing com-
munication, made, we doubt not, in goodrfaith, for several
reasons. Principal among these .is me strong desire we
have that justice should be done to all men, and we think
that Mr. Van Buren has not been fairly dealt .by in the mat-
ters referred to. It is true, that Mr. van Buren was one of
the early supporters of Mr. Clinton for the office of Presi-
dent, in the year 1812, in oposition to Mr. Madison; that he
took part in the republican legislative caucus at which Mr.
C. was first nomiuated. The caucus was held, and that
nomination was made, on the 28th of May, nearly a month
before the declaration of war. The elections in this State
were then held in April, and the political year commenced
on the first Monday of Julj\ Mr. Van Buren had been
chosen to the Senate in April, but was not, of course-, a
member of the legislature that made the nomination. His
senatorial term commenced on the first Monday of July;
and he first took his seat at the extra session held in Novem-
ber, to choose the presidential electors.
"Furthermore, it is also true that Mr. Cilinton became the
candidate of 'the pdace party.' Yet it is not true that he
was originally nominated as such, or that Mr. Van Buren,
after talcing his seat in the legislature, supported him as
such. He (Mr. C.) was, in fact, driven into that position by
the force of circumstances; and it is no more than justice to
Mr. Van Buren to say that after Mr. Clinton became identi-
fied with the peace party as their camlidate, His support of
him became languid. Indeed, we have reason to believe
that he thenceforward threw his influence, as far as he could
do ao, considering the previous committal of the legislative
caucus, which he held to be binding upon the party, in be-
half of Mr. Madison. The truth is, Mr. Clinton was never
nominated or supported as an opponent to the war, but di-
rectly the reverse. lie was thus nominated and supported
expressly upon the ground that the crisis demanded a more
vigorous arm at the helm of state that Mr. Madison's.
"The war had not been actually declared, it is true, but
every intelligent man saw that it was inevitable, and very
near; and it was feared, as the result proved, that under Mr.
Madison's administration it would be feebly conducted. Be-
lieving thus, that the times demanded an executive of greater
energy and force of character, the attention of many patrio-
tic men of both political paitiea was directed elsewhere
than to Virginia for a candidate; and from the high intellec-
tual qualities of Mr. Clinton, and the acknowledged energy
of his character, it was conceived that he would prosecute
the impending contest with greater vigor, and bring it to a
more speedy and honorable close than could be done by
Mr. Madison.
"This was the ground upon which he was nominated, and
upon which he was supported by Mr Van Buren, and such
of the old republican party as adhered to him through the
contest. As to the opinions and conduct ol Mr. Van Buren
in the early stages ol the war, we have reason to know that
they were not exactly in harmony with the majority of the
people of this State, even of his own party, at the time; for
jt rau'-t here be borne in mind that a very decided majority
of the representatives m Congress from the State of New
York—with Obadiah Merman in the Senate at their head-
voted against the declaration of war: not, however, that they
held the contest to be unjust, but they believed the countiy
wholly unprepared for war at the time, and consequently
that tlio declaration was inexpedient. Such, probably,
were the original views ofMr. Van Buren—such, certainly,
were the views of Mr Clinton.
"But, the war having been declared, it is due to Mr. Van
Buren to say that ao public man m the State supported it
more thoroughly, heartily, and zealously throughout, than
he did. Such, we know, is not the received opinion in many
parts of the country—especially in the distant States; and
we frequently aco attempts making, in the presses opposed
to him, to render him unpopular by charging him with op-
position to the war itself, as well as to Mr. Madi#on. But
ihe charge is untrue.
"Many of our political friends will scowl upon us, we
know, for our frankness on this occasion. But we care not
for that. Justice to all men is our maxim; and we wish not
to beat even Mr. Van Buren by falsehood. We have, in-
dted, truth enough at our command, to do that with."
Mr. PAYNE resumed: and said lie had no doubt many of
the political triends of that gentleman [Mr. Stone] would
scowl upon him for stating the truth; there was no doubt of
that, but ho (Mr. P.) was proud to see that there was one
man m that parly that w ould do Mr Van Buren justice in le-
gard to hi-i cout.se 111 releience to the Lite war, regardless of
the scowls of his party. Having caused that letter to be
read, he (vlr P) did not know that he could add anything
stronger, and therefore he would puss 011, with the remaik
that he had inteded to quote from an address written
by Mr Van Buren, and addressed to the people of New
"iork, when he was in the Senate; but not having expected
this debate to conic on at this tune, he had it not at hand;
he mujht, however, say that that address exhibited great
devotion to the interests of his country, and pointed out the
piopriety of a vigorous prosecution ol the war, m the burn
ing language of patriotism which perhaps wa.sonl) excelled
by the language of the declaration of independence.
But what was the next subject-matter of accusation? A
gentleman fiom North Caioluta, [Mr. Clincjman,] and a
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart,] had charged
on Mr. Van Buren that he had contracted an enormous debt,
and left it as a legacy on the administration that succeeded
him, He was pleased to observ e that the gentleman from
Kentucky—more conscientious than some others—had not
run it up to thirty millions; but that gentleman had evi-
dently made use of the tract of Mr Secretary Ewmg, who
was the first Secretary to his knowledge, and lie trusted he
was the last, that would ever use official station to deceive
funct!"1 a ' res*>(3Ctm£ liie conduct of preceding public
The charge that Mr. Van Buren during his administra-
tion, created a debt of thirty odd millions of dollars, which
iie ielt to his successor, was totally untrue. The charee
iiaa been repeated, however, in hitjh places; it had been made
in another and co-ordinate branch of this government; it had
peca again and agaii) repeated, theugh as often refuted, with
a pertinacious determination to adhere to the charge, in
order, by continuing to press the subject upon the minds of
the people of the country , that an effect might be produced,
like a continual pouring "of water upon a rock, that a con-
viction of the reality of that which had no existence might
be at last produced." The Senate of the United States pass-
ed a ^resolution, calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury
to state expressly what the amount of indebtedness was;
that resolution was responded to, and it then appeared that not
more than about six millions and a half of debt, which was
outstanding upon treasury notes, was left by Mr. Van Buren;
and it was necessary, when speaking ofthe.expenditures of
that administration, to recollect the very extraordinary
causes of expenditure which then existed in the erection of
the public buildings, and in the prosecution of the war
against the Indians. The gentleman from Kentucky
himself acknowedged that there was eight millions of debt.
This was a very important admission, coming from the
quarter it did. The proper way in which the matter should
be considered was to look at the times, and take into ac-
count the unusual calls that were necessarily made
upon the treasury; and not, by one general sweep, condemn
the administration. Why, there was no administration in
the universal world that might not be thus condemned, no
matter what the purity of the administration might be. it
was the easiest thing in the world to hurl the thunders of
indignation against any administration; but it w as too late
in this day of intellectual enlightenment to suppose that
the people were to be blinded by any such general and
sweeping denunciations. It was well known that true
economy consists in making proper and discrect appropria
tions; and he hazarded nothing in saying that, if gen-
tlemen would take up that administration and test it by this
principle, it would stand out in bold relief, as being better
than the former, and infinitely better than that which fol-
lowed it. But, as for the responsibility of an administration
in reference to expenditures, there was no President who
could be said to be responsible. Who was it that held the
purse strings? It was this body. They made the appro-
ftropriations; and the executive was bound, under the ob-
igationofan oath, to carry out the acts making those ap-
propriations.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cmngivun] had
made a charge against the democratic party, in which he
cited a quotation from the language of a most distinguished
man, "that the democratic party were held together by the
adhesive power of the spoils oi office." This was an ex-
pression used by Mr. Calhoun w hen he was not in intimate
relation with the democratic party. In contemplating the
character of that great man. it would be found that his -v iews
weic those of an American statesman, not of a party man;
though separate from the democratic party, yet belonging
not to the oppoite one. If the gentleman from North Caro-
lina adduced this m order to show the existence of
divisions in the democratic ranks, he had not accomplished
his object. Mr. Calhoun might cease to co-operate with
his political friends, but the day could ne\cr come when
fedeialism could be thrown upon his shoulders. But was
it true that the democratic party were held together by the
cohesive power of the spoils of office? Ashe might not
soon have another opportunity of expressing what he con-
ceived to be the principles of the dernociatic party, he
would take this occasion to do so. What were those prin-
ciples? They were these: perfect equality in all political
and civil rights; exclusive privileges to none. None of
your banking systems, with their corrupting influences;
none of your nigh protective tariffs, giving exclusive privi-
leges. These were the principles of the democratic party.
There were, of course, some exceptions to the rule; but not
so many as to shake the principles of the party. There
might be differences of opinion among individual members,
but the principles of the party remained unshaken. He
admitted there was a difference of opinion on the subject of
protection, but that difference was unimportant; and he in-
sisted that no division of a fragment of the party could
establish the principle that the democratic party were
held together by the "cohesive power of the public spoils."
He would now look at the other side; and in the outset
would say, that the whig party of 1840 had no title to the
name of a party, and were nothing better than a faction.
What constituted a party? So far as he was able to under-
stand that question, a party was a body of men associated
together, with common piinciples, and a desire to carry
those principles out, for the promotion of the public good.
Now, what was a faction7 for he asserted that the whigs of
1S-10, when they came into pow or, were nothing but a fac-
tion. Faction was a combination of a bod) of men to ob-
tain political power, having no common principles, and no
bond of union? but the hope of spoils. Was there any dec-
laration of principles made by the whigs before the elec-
tion' Was there any convention of the people called for
that purpose * and was there individual authorized to declare
the principles on which they went into the contest' Far
from it. When General Harrison was called upon to avow
his opinions on an important question of national policy
the wings, who had charge of him, would not allow him to
answci, because they feared that, in the honesty of his heart,
he might tell the truth, and avow principles which would
tend to injure their cause. Thcv hart a committee which
received and answered all his letters, and that'eommittee
answered that General Hairison had no more developments
for the public eye. Did not this prove that the whigs of
1810 came directh within the view ofwhathehad described
as a faction> But as he was not willing that anything illus.
trative of this remarkable feature in the whig character
should escape him. he should ask for ihe reading of a letter'
written by a distinguished gentleman of Virginia, formerly
a whig candidate for elector in that State, and now a mem-
ber of Congress; a gentleman who stood hisrh in the estima-
tion of the whig party, and one whose word he would take
where honor and veiacity weie involved, as soon as that of
any man m the nation. The character he had given, there-
fore, of the whigs of his own State, must be a true one He
alluded to Mr. Wjlloi-ghby .[Sew ton, and asked that his let-
ter might be read.
[An extract from Mr. Newton's letter—being the princi-
pal part of it—was read.]
Mr. NEWTON here rose, and asked that the whole letter
might be read.
Mr. PAYNE said he had not the whole letter by him. He
had read as much of the letter as he had cut out of a paper;
but the rest was immaterial, and did not differ from that he
had quoted. He pledged himself to the gentleman that
when he published his speech, he would publish the whole
of it.
Mr. P. continued. Well, this letter spoke of the whig
party as a discordant mass, who had achieved a great
victory; and the fruits of that victory had turned to ashes,
because they had no common principles to bind them to-
gether; an,d that their eagerness for success inducedthem
to extend their lines so as to embrace in them birds of every
feather. The, letter concluded with a prayer to God that
honesty might hereafter characterize the whig party. He
heartily concurred in that prayer; for though he earnestly
desired the overthrow of the whig party, believing that
their success would be ruinous to the country, yet he de-
sired only to carry on the contest with them on principle.
He did not wish lor success to the party to which he be-
longed on any other grounds than on those of principle.
But the letter which had just been read proved conclusively
the truth of the charge he had made against the whigs of
1840, that they were nothing but a faction, and not entitled
to the name of a party.
Here the Chairman's mallet fell, announcing that Mr. P 'a
hour had expired.
Mr. PAYNE observed that he was not half through with
his remarks, but would take the earliest opportunity of con-
cluding them.
Mr. BOWLIN then obtained the floor.
Mr. NEWTON asked the gentleman to yield him the
floor for a few moments, for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. BOWLIN said he would allow the gentleman an op-
portunity of explaining, provided he did not take up too
much of his time. Would five minutes be enough for the
gentleman7
Mr. NF.WTON" could not tell him how long it would take
to make the necessary explanation.
Mr. BOWLIN then declined yielding the floor, as the
gentleman could obtain it in the course of the debate, and
make his explanation at length.
Mr, NEWTON said he desired to say to the House that
the facts stated by the gentleman from Alabama were not
consistent with the record.
Mr. PAYNE observed that he would publish the whole
of the gentleman's letter with his specch, and then it would
be seen that there was nothing in it to conflict w ith the part
he had read.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the gentleman from Mis souri to
yield him the floor, for the purpose of making an explana
tion.
Mr BOWLIN declined, on the ground that the hour al-
lotted him was wearing away; and if he allowed one gen-
tleman to explain, he must allow others
It was (Mr. B. said) a source of exceeding regret to him
that this bill, somewhat local in its character, and of such
vast importance to the people of the western country,
should have been the means of introducing into this Hou*o
a discussion of a party character
He had indulged the hope that it would have been discuss-
ed solely with reference to the great interests it was framed
to protect, and that it would not have received its death-
blow fiom a quarter whence its warmest support should
have come. He exceedingly regretted that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis] waived, the other day the
party speech he w as about to make, when he had the oppor-
tunity of making it, and that lie should have taken this oc-
casion to inflict it, on a bill in which the whole West wds
so deeply interested, and thereby jeopard, if not entirely
des>troy, the hopes of its ever becoming a law. In the indi-
rect mannef in which the gentleman had to-day attacked
this bill, he but showed the opposition of himself and hi-;
great leader to those great interests which he formerly so
much cherished. He did not hesitate to say that the course
of the gentleman from Kentucky to-day was such as to in-
flict a blow on the bill in a covert way, but more fatal than
any injury it could have received from an open and avowed
enemy.
From this day forth, he lost all hopes of carrying that lull
through, and he could not avoid charging its defeat on the
gentleman himself. If the object of the gentleman was to
war on that section of the country from whence he came,
he had most effectually accomplished it. There were moie
ways of defeating a measure than by openly and directiv
opposing it; and the gentleman had talcen the must effectual
means that the ingenuity of man could devise to accomplish
that object. He had too much respect for the gentleman's
intelligence to suppose that he could have mistaken the ef-
fects of such a speech as he had inflicted on this bill, and
the conclusion was therefore irresistible that such was the
object he had m view. The subject under discussion when
the gentleman commenced his icmarks was a proposition to
increase the amount of the appropriation in one of the
clauses of the bill, and on this simple question, the gentle-
man took the occasion to make a party, political speech, m
which he attacked almost every public man who differed
with him in political opinions, and who came within the
range of his observation, and in which there was not a word
said about the measuie xindui discussion. The gentleman
undertook to tell the House about the negligence of a form-
er administration, in not paying the claimants to whom the
government was indebted; and he instanced the cases of the
Massachusetts militia, and the Missouri, Georgia, and Flou-
da claims. Now, had these coses anything to do with the
measure before the House? If the gentleman expectcd to
make any political capital out of this kind of argument, he
was mistaken, so far a* Missouri was concerned; ior. let him
tell the gentleman, the whigs had the power in Congress for
three sessions, and the Missouii volunteers were not poid
vet. There was a bill now before the House, which he
hoped would be got through before the close of the session.
Why this allusion to the Georgia claims * Was it an ap-
peal to theii avarice? What had these claims to do with
the subject before the House? He presumed that the gen-
tleman had no such intention, and that his only object W8S
to inflict a party speech on the House, at the expense of the
lives of the people of the West, who navigate the Missis-
sippi and Ohio, and of the rich commerce that is ftoatpd on
those streams. He could have wished that the gentleman
had seen the wreck of the Shepherdess, and witnessed the
fearful lose of life and property that took place on that oc-
