CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
itf*
casion. Such a sight could not but have awakened in him
some feeling for those who are exposed to like calamities,
"and induced him, if he could not yield hie hearty support to
this bill, to at least refrain from injuring it in this way.
Mr B. then spoke of the hostility that had lately been
shown by Mr. Clay to the improvement of the western wa-
ters. He knew not whether this change of conduct in the
great whig leader had been the result of premeditated ven-
geance against those western States for not coming into cer-
tain measures; but it was notorious that Mr. Clay had
changed his opinions on the question of western improve-
ments. He knew not whether the fact of the profession of
political principles by Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, in op-
position to those which he inculcated, might not have caused
this change. The course of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. G. Davis] had been so plain that the blind might read
it,  He had given the measure which ought to have received
his hearty support, a mortal stab; and he cared not what the
gentleman's vote might be, or what he might hereafter say
on the subject, yet-he had effectually killed the bill.
He had before observed that the course of the gentleman
to-day was in accordance with the change of policy which
had been shown by his great lender. Mr. Clay himself, at
the last session, voted against an appropriation for an im-
portant western improvement,and the gentleman was now
following his example, by giving this bill a side-blow, in-
stead ol attacking it openly and directly. It was passing
strange that the gentleman should have taken such a course,
considering his relations with the West, leaving the lnt's
and commerce of the people of the West to the mercy of the
snags and waves, without an effort to save it. The next
point in the spoech of the gentleman upon the question
whether improvements should be made to draw the snags
out of the Mississippi river, was a commentary on the con-
dition of the finances; and he went into a detail, to show that
every Congress which had sat here for many years past,
except the glorious 27th, was composed of most extravagant
fellows.
It was admitted that the whigs come into power with a
national debt of eight millions; and that after the lapse of two
short years it was run up to thirty millions—being an in-
crease often millions per annum. They should perhaps be
told that it was not a whig, but a Tyler administration;
but this he denied, for. as far as the appropriations were
concerned, the administration had been whig. Mr. Tyler
had no power to appropriate a single dollar, or to expend a
dollar appropriated, but as the whig Congress had prescrib-
ed; and the whigs then were alone responsible for the in-
crease of the public debt from 8 to 30 millions of dollars at a
time of profound peace—peace even with the Indian tribes;
and at a time too, when there were no expensive removals
of Indian tribes, or the continuation of costly public build-
ings. or national works of any kind.
The very first act of that administration was to saddle the
country w ith the expense of an extra session of Congress.
He knew it might lie replied that Mr. Van Buren called an
extra session, too, at the commencement of his administra-
tion, but the reason was clear and satisfactoiy; it was at-
tributable to the villanous wickedness of the banks, which
rendered it nccessarj that Mr. Van Buren should appeal to
Congress for the means to administer the government.
That occasioned the necessity for Mr. Van Burcn's extra
session; but what necessity was there for that of the year
1841^ We -\\ ere at perfect peace with all the world, and all
our affairs Mere going on smoothl} ■ Peihaps it was ne-
cessary for the loader of the party to lay down his
principles, and to prescribe the rule of action for
his fo&owers, and to whip them into the traces.
Every one would rccollect the six celebrated resolutions
passed in the Senate; for, having beenlaid down by the par-
tv dictator, who dared gainsay them? What, then, was
that extra session called for7 Why, one gentleman said an
appropriation was made for some little debt of a million aiid
a half of dollars; but the absolute necessity, surely, was
not pretended to be found there. It was to establish a party
policy before the people had time to bear it down by an ex-
pression of opinion. It was for the purpose of establishing
their bankrupt law, to sponge out the debts of speculators
and swindlers, without regard to the rights and interests of
creditors—an act which was a perfect burlesque on a bank-
rupt law deserving of the name. That was one of their
first acts; and how effectually had it been condemned by
the people! The l-epeal of their own act, at their second
session, was sufficiently expressive But, as one of the
beauteous results of that extra session, the creditors of the
country had been swindled by that bankrupt Jaw to the
amount of two hundred millions of dollars.
Another object of the extra session was to pass a bank
bill; and, failing in that, to establish a fiscal agent, whose
fate was notorious. Another was theiepealof the inde-
pendent treasury act, which have been in operation for sev-
eral years without loss to the government or to the people,
li was, however, repealed; and recourse was again had to
those very banks which had so much embarrassed the gov-
ernment and the nation; and this and other measures wew
hurried through the forms of legislation with indecent
haste, fearing doubtless to await the expression of public
opinion and the peopled estimate of their acts.
One gentleman had told them some of the evil conse-
quences of a restoration; but, in that respect, wherein did
the two opposing parties differ* The candidate of the one
had been the President m name and m fact, and the candi-
date of the other had been President all but in name. This
was notorious and hence the gentleman's dissertation on
the evils of a restoration, if argument against any
candidate for the presldenev, was an argument against his
o\<m. But the srentleman, to amuse the western people, had
complaint t\ vhai the Cumberland road was neglected; but
did he charge thu abandonment of that work against his op-
ponents? The gentleman probably found it convenient to
iorget tlui las own party \oted against it m 1840. He also
eulogized the Inst tarifl act, and in that he was consistent
with himself and with his partv usages. But, while eulo-
gizing that mfamoiu act—the curse of the. poor—he pro-
jessed to belong to a party that were the poor man's benefac-
tors and protectors;.
He (Mr. B) was not desirous to excite unkind feelings in
one class towards another, but the truth compelled him to
s.iy that that enactment was a curse to the poor, for the ben-
fcftt of the rich. He asked the gentleman to rettfew the spe 
cific duties of that act, and he would find cottons that cost
the poor man 6 cents, taxed at the rate t>f 160 per cent.,
while those which cost 2 shillings, and were, consequently,
within the means ofthe rich only,were taxed but 30 per cent.;
and yet that was an act passed by the laborer's friend I But
further: a piece of flannel which cost 20 shillings—such as
was worn by the poor man, the object of the gentleman's
very peculiar care—was taxed 100 per cent., .while the finest
flannel, costing 59 shillings a piece, was taxed but at the rate
of 40 per cent.; and yet, he repeated, this was done by a par-
ty professing to be, par excellence, the poor man's friend. In
short, everything consumed or used by the poor and the in-
dustrious was taxed immoderately, while but a gentle hand
was laid on the articles used by the rich.
The gentleman also eulogized the distribution scheme,
but he knew the poor would not be the recipients of the
mo.ney distributed, or possibly he would not be its advocate;
but he could not, by throwing dust in the people's eyes,
blind ,to the effect of that measure. The increased specific
duties were to supply the deficiency created in the treasury
by the distribution; and lience the poor were oppresively
taxed—first for the benefit of the rich, as he had shown; arid
next, that speculators might have the means whereon to
speculate to the disarrangement of the commerce and solid
prosperity of the country; and then, in case of failure, to
sponge out their debts by a whig bankrupt law.
He would, however, return to the question before the
committee; and what was it' A proposition to increase an
appropriation now $180,000, to some $40,000, for the purpose
of clearing out snags in the river, and improving certain
harbors. He entreated the House to come back to the con-
sideration of this question, for it was intimately connected
with the interests of the great West. This political wrang-
ling, this mixing up of party politics with the great interests
ofthe West, he feared would jeopard the bill; and hence he
entreated the House to come back to this question, and for
a moment to contemplate its importance The great stream
which flowed down the Mississippi, running, though it did,
through a country which, fifty years ago, was one vast un-
broken wilderness, now bore on its surface to the Atlantic
ocean, more exported produce of the West than all the im-
portations of the entire country; but in consequence of the
nature of the soil, and other circumstances which he need
not stop to detail, obstructions to the navigation were
found, whose removal called for appropriations by this gov-
ernment.
He besought gentlemen to permit the House to act upon
the bill. They had been driven into the defence of it by
insidious attacks, not upon the provisions of the bill itself,
but attacks which were harder to meet, because wholly
foreign to the subject—attacks upon party of a most in-
flammatory nature. The western navigation needed protec-
tion. Let a man take up a western paper, and he would
not fail to read of some accident. They were of constant
recurrence.
Mr. TfBBATTS moved that the committee rise.
Mr. WHITE expressed a desire to make some remarks in
reply. There had been ample provocation, he said, but not-
withstanding all that provocation,1 he was not disposed to
occupy the time of the committee at this late hour, but
would claim the privilege, at some more convenient time, of
replying to the general topics which had been introduced
into this debate.
The committee then rose, and reported progress; and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed to
the reporters by the members presenting them:
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS; The memorial of citizeis of
Mauch Chunk, Pennsylvania, against any modification of
the tarift', as it can only result in the destruction of a large
amount of invested capital, and in the reduction of the
wages of labor, and in the stagnation of business. The me-
morial of citizens of Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, represent-
ing the prosperous condition of the country under the tarift',
and protesting against any further experiments upon the
labor and industrv ofthe people.
By Mr. THOMASSON: The petition of the heirs of Cap-
tain Thomas Martin, deceased, asking commutation pay:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. STEWART of Pennsylvania: Four memorials
numerously signed by the citizens of Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against any alteration of the tariff' of 1842, which
thej allege is rapidly ivstoiing the national piosperity and
deprecating the passage of the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which they regard as destruc-
tive to the best interests ofthe country.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition in favor of the estate
of thfe late James S. Thatcher, puiser in the United States
navy.
By Mr WETHERED: A petition from S. Feast, Henry-
Clay Taylor, and '206 voters of the ISth ward of Baltimore,
representing that permanency in our revenue laws is indis-
pensably necessary to promote the business operations of
the country, and remonstrating against any change m the
present tariff laws.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 6, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE WESTERN WATERS.
Mr. TIBBATTS rose to present a lesolution, for the pur-
pose of fixing half past one o'clock this day to terminate the
debate, in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on bill No. 120, entitled "A bdl making appropria-
tions for certain harbors and rivers," after which time the
committee should proceed to vote on amendments; and that
four o'clock this afternoon should be fixed to terminate de-
bate in the same committee on another bill—bill No. 203. be-
ing a bill "making appropriations for certain harbors and
rivers," after which time the committee should proceed to
vote on amendments offered to that bill.
The SPEAKER stated that the resolution could only be
received b\ unanimous consent.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to suspend the rules, for the pur-
pose of considering that resolution.
After a conversation, in which Mr. PAYNE, Mr. TIB-
BATTS, Mr. C. JOHNSON, Mr. WHITE, Mr. D. L. SKI-
MOUR, Mr. HOPKINS, and others, took part, the resolution
was modified, by striking out that portion which "reiate4 to
the bill No. 203, and limiting the resolution to bill No. 126—
so modified as to fix two o'clock, instead of half-past one,
for the termination of the debate on that bill.- In that shape
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR obtained permission to make a mi-
nority report from the Committee of Ways and Means on
the subiect of the tariff, of which 10,000 extra copies were
orderea to be printed.
Mr. TIBBATTS then moved that the House resolve itself
into committee of the whole on the state of the Union, for
the purpose of continuing the consideration of bill No; 126,
making appropriations lor certain harbors and rivers.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Boyd took the chair;
the pending question being on Mr. Hook's motion to in-
crease the appropriation for the improvement of the Missis-
sippi, the Missouri, the Arkansas, the Illinois, and the lower
portion of the Ohio rivers, from $180,000 to $223,000. '
Mr. WHITE obtained the floor, and remarked that the
House had agreed to terminate debate on this bill at 2
o'clock, and he was not disposed to occupy that limited
time by any continuation of the political debate of yester-
day, provided he could have an assurance that the time
would be devoted to a consideration of this bill. If, how-
ever, that debate was to be prosecuted, he should claim his
portion ofthe time.
Mr. TIBBATTS hoped and believed the short remaining
time would be devoted to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. WHITE then would yield the floor, and reserve the
remarks he intended to make for some future occasion.
Mr. HOUSTON said he had a word to say before any bar-
gains should be made in regard to this discussion. His
lriend from Kentucky [Mr. Tjbbatts] had no authority to
bind this side ofthe House, and he presumed he did not de-
sire to be so understood. As for himself, he would take his
own course; he did not intend to go into a party debate on
this bill, and he believed his friends had no such intention.
He said the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. White] must
take his own course, and upon his own responsibility, re-
gardless of any pledges from democrats. They had not
sought a party debate at this time; but the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] had thrown a fire-brand into the dis-
cussion, to the interruption and delay* of the public business
of the country. Neither he (Mr. H.) nor his friends were
responsible for this unwarranted and unprovoked interrup-
tion; and, but for the repeated efforts of genU'emen on the
other side, they might have been much further advanced in
business than they are. He thought, therefore, the gentle-
man's appeal to stop a party debate, which his own colleague
[Mr. Dims] had very improperly commenced on this bill,
was out of place; and it should not influence him. They
had opened the war, and he (Mr. H.) was willing to carry it
on. As soon as a propertime arrived, he was for "carrying
the war into the enemy's camp," and if the friends of this
bill should lose it, they must charge it to those who had
thrown the "fire-brand" into the debate. He therefore pro-
tested against any such arrangements. Let gentlemen takft
their own course, and .stand responsible to the country for
their action; as for himself, he had no bargains to make.
Mr. WENTWORTH desired to say a word or two.
Mr. BRINKERIIOFF also rose and requested the gentle-
man from Kentucky to yield the floor.
Mr. WHITE said he still retained the floor on this bill, to
which he was friendly, and he was not to be thrown off his
propriety by anything that could be said there. There had
been one speech made on his side, and two on the other
side, since this bill has been before the committee; he, nev-
ertheless, would jield the floor, as so short a time was al-
lotted to this bill; and if any democrat thought proper to
continue the political debate, he would do it at nis peril;
and he (Mr. W.) would take his chance of getting the floor
to make a reply hereafter. He would now yield the field,
and any man might take it that thought proper.
Mr. PAYNE was willing to take the floor at his peril at
this time.
[Cries of "Oh, Payvk, don't!"]
Mr. WENTWORTH rose and said:
In my devotion to party, I will yield to no man in thia
House. My votes, my whole life, bespeak me an ultra par-
tisan, upon all party questions. But, sir, 1 cannot carry ray
politics into every relation of life. The discussion on this
bill, by genexal consent, is to close at 2 o'clock. We want
all this time to mature the bill. The tariff bill will come up
on Tuesday, and will be under discussion several weeks.
Then gentlemen can talk upon every man, every measure,
and everything, if they please. I may then indulge my po-
litical propensities somewhat. But I cannot now. Such a
course could never be justified. It would be calamitous in
the highest degree. There is no consideration that would
induce me to follow the example of the honorable gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis] yesterday, and throw a
party fire-brand into this debate. This bill involves the in-
terests of the whole West; and not only the safety of a vast
amount of property depend1? upon it, but, what is above all
price, avast number of human lives. I entreat gentlemen,
then, to hold up their wrath for a few short days, and givt?
np all—all their attention to the intrinsic merits of this bill,
whose passage is demanded by so many imperative con-
siderations. Hoping that this appeal may be listened to, I
cheerfully yield the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON hoped the amendment would prevail.
It was just in itself; but when it was compared with the
amendment adopted y-esterduj , it was imperiously demand-
ed. There was a small portion of the Ohio river where
there was but a small stream, for which $100,000 had been
appropriated; and yet, iorthe lower and more important
part of that river, and some four or five other large streams,
on which floated their internal commerce, amounting to
two hundred millions per annum, there was proposed but
the paltry sum of $-180,000—being but $80,000 more than for
the small stream of the upper part of the Ohio.
In addition to this, a consideration which should operate
in relation to the improvement ofthe Mississippi, was, that
it was required for the saving of life and of property, where
both were imminently endangered. Where, as m the ease of
the upper Ohio, there was no danger threatening either life
or property; the only end to ! e gained was simply the*
rendering the navigation more easy. If they were to go
upon that system, they would find a thousand streams
