4$$,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' ^wottli MvfiUy cleiro fee sttention of Congress.
These considerations were sufficient to justify Kim in say-
ins that he hoped the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. OWEN said he hoped the House woold take the
same course in relation to this amendment as they had done
in reference to the amendment proposed yesterday to in-
crease the appropriation for the upper Ohio. He would he
extremely glad if the Wabash were included, for he re-
garded it as a far more important river than thei Illinois. He
would, at present, move no amendment; but if the Illinois
river was to be included, as had been suggested, he would
leel compelled to move that the Wabash be also included.
Mr CROSS said he was no advocate for the distribution
of the public treasure for local purooses. < He was no advo-_
cate for prodigality in any form. He would oppose all ap-
propriations of the public money, except for the general
benefit of the whole country. So far as the Arkansas river
was concerned, no one could entertain a doubt as to the ex-
clusive authority of Congress to take measures for its im-
provement. Its improvement was an object of great na-
tional importance. The. Indian tribes who had been located
by this government at an expense of fifteen millions of dol-
lars, westward of Arkansas, it was well known were in a
state of enmity; and it was necessary that forts should be
kept up along the frontier. These forts could, with very
great difficulty, be supplied, unless the navigation of that
river were improved. If the navigation oi that river were
confined to the State, he would then regard it as a local
subject. But this was not the case; it extended three or
four hundred miles beyond the limits of the State. If the
State of Arkansas was more powerful, it would probably be
courted in view of the coming contest; but containing, as it
did, but a population of a little over 100,000, it was to be
feared that her interests would not be so much regarded by
gentlemen as those of some other States.
Mr. VINTON said he should vote for the proposition to
increase the appropriation, because he believed the amount
could be well applied, and indeed a much larger sum. But
he rose at present merely to set gentlemen right, and par-
ticularly the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,]
who seemed to think that the amendment made yesterday
in regard to the upper Ohio was too largo. If the gentle-
man would look at the estimates sent down from the War
Department, he would perceive that the sum stated in the
bill was not more that one half the amount estimated.
Mr. TIBBATTS observed that the amendment proposed
agreed with the report of the engineer. He thought it
ought to be adopted.
Mr. RATHBUN said he would be willing to vote for the
bill in its original shape; but if this amendment was adopt-
ed, he would be obliged to vote against it.
Mr. DICKKY said he did not think they need apprehend
any danger from increasing the appropriations, so as to
bring them up to the estimates of the department.
Mr. HARDIN said gentlemen were mistaken in supposing
that the sum of $333,000 was the estimate of the depart-
ment; it was the amount considered by the engineer neces-
sary to keep the snag-boats m operation. The estimates of
the department for tlie impro\ einent of the Mississippi, Mis-
souri, Ohio, and Arkansas rivers, was $443,000.
Mr. SCHENCK said he should give this amendment his
support, as he had yesterday supported the increase of the
appropriation for the upper Ohio. He thought it the best
economy to appropriate a sufficient sum at once. He should
feel justified, theiefore, in voting for the increased appro-
priations.
Mr. AKBOT said he was in favor of internal improvement,
whether for the West, the East, the North, or the South.
He was willing to vote for the bill, because he believed it
was for the interest of the West.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR said he regretted that there should
be any indisposition in any quarter to make full appropria-
tion1?, so long as they had estimates from the proper depart-
ment. He thought they had sufficient data before them to
satisfy the House that the appropriations ought to be in-
creased beyond what the bill contained as reported. Neither
did he think it would conflict with the principles of true
tronomyj and he ww quite suro it would not conflict with
the principles of sound policy. He had not risen for the
purpose of going into a detailed statement of the benefits
•which his constituents or any part of the country might re-
alize from these improvements. He gave in his adhesion to
the policy of improving our western \vaters, and hoped it
would find no objections from any quarter, and particularly
from the State he came from, which was deriving such vast
b< nefifs from its western trade.
Mr. McDOWELL made a remark about the Illinois river,
the purport of which was not heaid.
Mi. C, JOHNSON asked if it was in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment, but was informed that it was
not.
The question was then taken on the amendment, and it
was adopted—ayes 70, noes hi.
Mr. CULLOM moved an amendment, appropriating $2.>,000
for clearing out obstructions m the Cumberland river.
Mr BLACKWELL offered the following amendment to
the amendment:
"And for the improvement of the Tennessee river from the
foot of the Muscle Shoals to the mouth oi Frenehbrond river,
fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. PAYNE obtained the floor, and commenced a contin-
uation of his reply to the speech of .Mr. G\rrki r Jjwis of
vesterday.
Messrs. HOUSTON, J BR1NKERHOFF, and ST KEN-
ROD, appealed to the gentleman from Alabama to take
some other opportunity of making his general speech in re-
ply to the gentleman from Kentucky, and to let the limited
time allowed to the bill be confined to a discussion on the
merits of the bill itself.
Mr. PAYNE observed that much as he was opposed to the
bill before the committee he could not resist the appeal from
his friends. He would therefore forego his speech on the
present occasion, but it would be with much reluctance.
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF appealed to the friends of the bill
not to overload it with amendments. He was not disposed
to be uncharitable, but it appeared to him that there was a
disposition on the part of si>me members to load down this
bill with amendments which would insure its defeat it was
true, the appropriations were small in proportion to the ob-
jects to be accomplished; but if gentlemen would look at the
condition of the treasury, they would, see that they <jould
not well be greater. Gentlemen must "see that if they" in-
creased the appropriations, and added others to them, they
would endanger the passage of the bill. He wished the bill
to pass; and in order that it might do so, he hoped it would
go through the committee in the shape that it was reported.
Mr. WELLER observed that he had an amendment which
he proposed to offer, and in doing so, he hoped he should not
render himself obnoxious to the charge of endeavoring to
defeat the bill by overloading it with amendments. His col-
league, perhaps, found the bill so framed as to suit the inter-
ests of his constituents, and therefore could well object to
amendments.
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF said that such was not the fact.
There was an appropriation, it was true, in which his con-
stituents were interested, but the amount was a very small
one.
Mr. WELLER observed that his colleague might not
have found so large an appropriation for the interests he
represented as he wanted; but they had not entirely been
overlooked in the bill.
There were three great measure? in which the West was
deeply interested; two of which—the removal of the ob-
structions from the Mississippi and its tributaries, and the
construction of harbors in the western lake's—had been pro-
vided for; but the Cumberland road had-been entirely over-
looked. He should offer an amendment to provide for the
latter object; and, in doing so, would only ask for $75,000
for each of the three States through which the road is to
psss. He should also submit an amendment for the con-
struction ol a bridge across the Ohio, which was as neces-
sary for the transportation of the United States mail, as it
was for connecting the two branches of the road together.
Mr. HOUSTON offered the following, instead of the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Black-
and asked him to accept it as a modification of his
amendment:
"For the contiuation of the improvements on the Tennessee
river, $56,769 33."
Mr. BLACKWELL having assented,
Mr. HOUSTON referred to a report and bill of the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, made to the House in 1838, to
show the great importance of the appropriation, and the
value of the commerce on the Tennessee river.
Mr. McCLELLAND entered into some explanations in re-
lation to the conduct oi'the committee from which the bill
was reported.
Mr. CHAPMAN spoke in support of the amendment, re-
marking that it appeared that some gentlemen entirely for-
got that, on the map of this country, there was such a stream
as the noble Tennessee river. He spoke of its importance
and its claims to consideration at some length.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON said it was known to the older
members of the House that he had always opposed appro-
priations of this kind. He did not now expect to^otefor
this bill. If the appropriations in this bill had been limited
to the removal of the snags m the Mississippi and Missouri
by snag boats, as had been practised for some years past,
he would probably have given it his support; but it is now
extended to other rivers of little importance, such as the
Arkansas and Illinois, as well as to the Ohio; and, in his
opinion, appropriations for those rivers would be a useless
expenditure of the public money; and he should therefore
vote against the bill. But if this system was to go on, other
rivers than those named in the bill deserved the considera-
tion of the House. The President had recommended an im-
provement of the western waters in his annual message,
and this had been referred to the Committee on Commerce.
This committee does not seem to have noticed any of the
rivers running into the Mississippi from the eastern side
except the Ohio. All other rivers seem to have "been for-
gotten or overlooked. The Tennessee and Cumberland
are wholly omitted, probably because no member of that
committee was from the section of the country watered by
those rivers.
The Cumberland river had heretofore been noticed by the
House, and within a few years appropriations had been
made for it exceeding one hundred thousand dollars. The
same had been done by the Tennessee; and yet they are to
be wholly neglected in a bill purporting to be for the im-
provement of the western waters. He felt himself justified
in stilting that the commerce of the Cumbeiland greatly
exceedeu the commerce of both the Arkansas and Illinois;
and that probably the commerce of the Tennessee and Cum-
berland was five times as gieat as those of the others com-
bined.
The obstructions in the Cumberland and Tennessee was
equal, if not greater than any in the other rivers mentioned.
They had been examined by the engineers, reported on,
and frequent appropriations made; and stood as much in
need of the assistance of the government as any of the
rivers provided for, except the Mississippi and Missouri.
Mi. J. expressed the opinion that not much advantage
would arise to the country from the improvement of any
of those nverc except the Mississippi and Missouri, and per-
haps the Red river, except the advantages wlueh the coun-
try would dern e from the disbursement of the public
money in the different sections of the country And in
this point oi view, equal adwntagetf should be gi\en to
other sections ol the conntiy, to tho^e provided for in this
bill. He trusted, therefore , that the members favoring
this system would extend equal justice to every other
section If the public money is to be squandered, justice
and fairness required a more equitable distribution should
be made than is provided in this bill
Mr. RHETT remarked that the House was representing
every portion of this Union, and not am particular sec-
tions.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would not vote for the amend-
ment, because he was not disposed to jeopaid the passage
of the bill.
Mr WENTWORTH said he regretted to see so many
amendment in contemplation. They appeared to him not
made in earnest, but to defeat the bill. Indeed, several gen-
tlemen had told him that they were going to oppose the
whole "bill, because the Illinois river was inserted. But
y«t. without making a direct attack on that important na-
tional highway, so declared by the ordinance of 17S7, they
were trying to defeat |the bill by indirection, He hoped
gentlemen would define their positions boldly, and quit
their fatal amendments. Of all attacks in the world, he
hated those from the ambush. This bill associates the Illinois
river where it properly belongs—among the great rivers of
the West. President Monroe asserts that "Congress has
unlimited power to raise money, and that, in its appropria-
tions, it has a discretionary power, restricted only by the
duty to appropriate it to purposes of common defence, and
of general, not local, of national, and not State, benefit."
From this text, I think I can prove the Illinois river entitled
to an appropriation.
Again: President Jackson's strong objection to the Mays-
ville road was, that it had "no connexion with any estab-
lished system of improvements." I shall contend that the
improvement of this river would not only be of general and
national benefit, but connects great, important, and per-
manent systems of improvements. The doctrines laid down
in Gen. Jackson's Wabash veto message, have been careful-
ly examined by me with reference to their effect on this bill;
and I find no sentence, no line, no word,^ inconsistent
with it. Appropriations have been made for the Ken-
nebec, Genesee, Hudson, and Connecticut rivers, and
the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, the Delaware and the Rar-
itan, the Dismal Swamp, and the Louisville and Portland
canal. The most, if not all of these, were sanctioned by
General Jackson.
The act of Cogress granting land for the complelion^of the
Illinois and Michigan canal, which connects, by an inland
route, New York with New Orleans, Chicago with St. Lou-
is, Canada with the whole Mississippi valley—has given
this river a national importance. That act stipulates
for the transportation of the munitions of war free
from toll. And the main support of this canal mustbe
from the produce, the merchandise, and passengers passing
up and down this river. Without this river in a navigable
condition, the canal would lose its chief importance. The
canal is 100 miles long, and the river 250 from the termina-
tion of the canal. Is it important to improve the Mississip-
pi above the mouth of the Illinois, (and I say it is very im-
portant,) it is equally |so to improve the Illinois, which
takes at least half the tonnage and half the merchandise that
ascends the Mississippi to that point: and the same may be
said of property on trie downward passage, the Illinois bear-
ing quite as much as the upper Mississippi. What we now
see, however, is scarce a shadow of that future wrhich shall
witness the opening of the canal and its lateral branch de-
signed to bring into it all the wealth of the great valley,
watered by the Fox and Rock rivers, and also the lead and
copper trade of the extreme north. And, sir, government
would derive essential aid, as v, ell as the people, irom a dona-
tion of land, of which it has a plenty in the vicinitj, for the
completion of this lateral canal, so important to the main
trunk, and commodious to our mercantile and agricultural
interests. # .
It is proposed to make a navigable feeder from Fox river
to the Illinois and Michigan canal, to supply the Summit
canal with water. The line has been surveyed from a point
on Fox river, to a point on the main canal, a distance of only
30 miles. The cost is estimated at $330,000, and its capacity
40 feet surface and 4 feet water This opens a communica-
tion from the lakes into the heart of the rich valley of
Fox river, which is unsurpassed in productive resources by
any portion of the United States. By extending this line
from the Fox to the Rock river, a distance of about 60 miles,
it will form a continuous line of canal, leading from the
Illinois and Michigan canal, through the Fox river valley
to Rock river. It is ascertained that a dam at or near Rock-
ford would make the river navigable above for a distance
of about 60 miles. The Fickatolica, a branch that enters
Rock river, near the site oi the proposed dam, is known to
be navigable without further improvement, a distance of
more than 100 miles, which leads mto the lead and copper
regions of the north. Rock river is also navigable for
sixty miles below the mouth of the proposed dam Thus
it will be seen that a connexion made between the
the Illinois and Michigan canal and Rock river would make
an outlet from present river navigation of 320 miles, and
open a market for the whole country bordering upon Rock
and Fox rivers and their tributaries; and also secure a cheap
and ready conveyance for the whole lead trade ol Illinois
and Wisconsin The fact that large quantities of lead are
annually wagoned from the mineral region to Chicago and
Milwaukie, a distance of 170 miles, show that, if this canal
was constructed, as it will he ere long, it would pass
through this channel. The section of country that would
be accommodated by this canal, contains 4,500,000 acres of
land; every acre of which is susceptible of cultivation, and
capable of yielding the most abundant crops. This section
of country already numbers 100.000 of the most enterpris-
ing, industrious, and intelligent inhabitants to be found in
this country; and is capable of supporting 52,000.000 people.
By the construction of this canal, the inhabitants in the
northwestern part of Illinois and a large portion of Wiscon-
sin could get their supplies of lumber, coal, salt, sugar,
cotton and merchandise in general, at a much reduced piice
from its present cost; and they could save, in the shipment
ot their minerals and the products of the soil, nearly as
much as all theii present annual earnings. I will say noth-
ing about the copper mines, j ct comparatively undeveloped
in this region of Nature's great laboratory, where some
1,500 pigs were sold, the past season; but will call atten-
tion to the groat increase in the lead trade, which is yet
greatly retarded for the want of better, cheaper, and *afer
means of conveyance.
The sales from all points in
1841 were .... 463.400pigs
1842 •• - 473.099 "
1843 .... 609.273 "
And it is safe to estimate 1.000,000 for 1844. This increased
business m the extreme north must increase the demand for
all the various articles of merchandise from our eastern and
southern cities; and the protection of this commerce, scat-
tered to all parts of the Union, is the chief object of this
bill. I have not the means of furnishing the statistics of the
wheat, corn, pork, beef, and other trade of this immense
tract of country heeking the South and the East, as the
great points at which to exchange its products for the va-
rious articles of merchandise; and, if I had, it would be no
criterion for the future. In 1840, nine counties in Wisconsin
produced 197,325 bushels pf wheat, 25,966 head of cattle^
