April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Amistad Negroes—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
on board the Amistad. Perhaps* the honorable
chairman can inform the House as to the mode of
reasoning by which that point shall be made clear
to the understanding of us all. But to return to
the treaty: the Supreme Court were of opinion
that none of those stipulations were applicable to
this case. The author of the report has not con-
descended to point to the particular clause which he
regards as applicable; but seems to think that all
taken together, contains some obligation, not to be
found in either section separately. I fully concur
with the court. I believe that tribunal was right,
and that the report is entirely erroneous. On this
account, I would not vote to appropriate the public
funds for the purpose of distributing such matter
among the people.
But there is another point in this report to which
I am desirous of bestowing some attention. In or-
der to establish certain prineiples of international
law, the author has quoted the resolutions of the
Senate, adopted by that body in 1840, and which
are in the following words:
1. That a ship or vessel on tlie liigh seas, in time of peace,
engaged in a lawful voyage, is, according to the laws of na-
tions, under the exclusive jurisdiction of the state to which
her flag belongs—as much so as if constituting a part of its
owii domains.
2. That if such a ship or vessel should be forced by stress
of weather, or other unavoidable cause, into the port and
under the jurisdiction of a friendly power, she and her car-
go, and persons on board, with their property, and all the
rights belonging to their personal relations, as established
by the laws of the state to which they belong, would be
placed under the protection which the laws ol nations ex-
tend to the unfortunate under such circumstances.
3. That the brig Enterprise, which was forced unavoida-
bly by stress of weather into Tort Hamilton, Bermuda island,
while on a lawful voyage on the high seas, from one port
of the Union to another, comes within the principles cm-
braced m the foregoing resolutions; and that the seizure
and detention of the negroes on board by tlie local authoii-
ty of the inland was an act m violation of the laws of na
tions, and highly unjust to our own citizens to whom they
belong.
After quoting these resolutions, the report as-
sumes that they express correctly the law of nations,
and proceeds to say:
Thus, wherever the flag goes the country is. In whatev-
er distant seas or foreign poits, wherever the national flag
floats, there is the nation. Spain, therefore, with all her
laws, reigned on board the Amistad as much at sea, and in
Connecticut or New York, as at Havana. This fundamental
principle of mantime power and peace is always to be kept
in mmJ. In the similar case of the American mutineer
slaves on board a \ essel called the Creole, the government
of the United States required their surrender fiom the au-
thorities of a British colony, under ciicumstances less ag-
gravating than those of the Amistad, properly insisting that
vessels are, in contemplation of law, part of the territory of
their couutiy; and that, independent of treaty stipulations
governments are bound by the mere comity each owes to the
Other not to shelter, but to deliver pirates, murderers, rob-
bers, and otiier criminals to each other, for trial and pun-
ishment.
I am not prepared to adopt these resolutions as
expressing the law of nations. They were adopted
for the purpose of being applied to a particular case
that had occurred prior to that time. The Enter-
prise, an American slave ship, had been driven into
a British port by stress of weather. The slaves be-
ing once on shore, refused to go on board, or to re-
turn into slavery; and the President demanded com-
gensation to the slave-dealers for their loss. The
ritish government denied that they were undei any
obligations to aid in carrying on the slave trade, or
to compensate those who were engaged in it for
slaves who escapcd from them. To settle this ques-
tion, the Senate of the United States passed the
above resolutions, which t suppose to be no better
evidence of the true principles of international law
than the assertion of opposite doctrines by the Brit-
ish government. I, sir, look with distrust upon doc-
trines advanced under such circumstances.
Another fact~ adds to the distrust with which I
am inclined to regard these resolutions. They were
introduced by a slaveholder, directly interested in
upholding these doctrines. They were also sup-
ported by slaveholders, and by "northern men with
southern principles." Scarcely a whig senator from
the free States voted for them.
[Mr. Ingerkoj.i. remarked that it was a unani-
mous vote.]
Mr. Giddings. I am aware that all who voted
were in favor of their adoption; yet there were but
thirty-three votes given, whilst there were fifty-two
members.
[Mr. Ingersoll. They were all present.]
Mr. Giodings. T feel humbled under the allu-
sion of the gentleman. The senators did not vote.
If they were present, as [ am told they were, and
silently permitted slaveholders and their "allies" to
speak for the free North, they surely are responsible,
not I. I regret that they should have failed to speak,
but it is not for me to dictate to them, or to reproach
them for their timidity; to their own masters they
stand or fall. But I may say with propriety, that
those slavehoiding senators were not authorized to
speak for me, or to lay down rules of national law
to bind my people ; nor am I under any obligations
to adopt their sentiments, unless they are in accord-
ance with truth. The doctrines put forth on that
occasion were novel and unheard of, until introduced
on that occasion.
[Mr. Ingersoll said they were regarded as law
by all civilized nations.]
Mr. G. I aver that, up to the time of their introduc-
tion to the Senate, such principles had never been
put forth by any writer upon international law: I
defy the gentleman to produce any reputable au-
thor who maintains such doctrines. I speak with
confidence; but if the gentleman will produce any
respectable work containing such doctrines, I will
frankly confess my error before this house and the
country.
[Mr. Inge its o li, said the Chamber of Deputies in
France had very lately recognised the same princi-
ples.]
Mr. G. I am of course unable to say what the
Chamber of Deputies may have done; but I would
far rather see the official report before I lend full cre-
dence to the charge of their having so widely de-
parted from the established law of nations. It is
true that versatility is said to be a characteristic of
the French people; arid history has recorded some
strange extravagances of that brave and generous na-
tion ; but I have never read anything that would
warrant the belief that they would adopt those reso-
lutions.
So far as the present argument is concerned, I will
take the first resolution to be correct: that a ship)
while engaged upon a lawful voyage, upon the high
seas, is subject to the laws of the nation tinder whose
flag she sails. But I deny that the Amistad was en-
gaged in a lawful voyage. She had on board fifty-two
free persons, imported to Havana as slaves, and
who were re-shipped on board that vessel by Mon-
tez and Ruiz, knowing the fact of their unlawful
importation. This was in violation of the laws of
Spain. The Amistad was now engaged in com-
pleting the original voyage, as much so as she would
have been, had she taken then on board at the island
of "Fernando Po." While thuspursuing a piratical
voyage, she certainly was not governed by the
laws of Spain ; nor was she pursuing a lawful voy-
age ; and while attempting to carry freemen into
slavery, the Spanish flag could lend her no protec-
tion. The rising of these people in behalf of their
natural and inalienable right of life and liberty, was
not only justified by natural law, but was in perfect
accordance with the laws of Spain, and of every other
civilized nation of the earth. It was an act of self-
defence, which is emphatically " the first law of na-
ture;" and is in perfect accoi dance with the municipal
code of Spain. While the captain, and Ruiz and
Montez, were thus violating the law of Spain, tliey
could no more claim protection from Spanish law,
than though they had been committing murder or
robbery. The Africans were bound, by every duty
which they owed to God, their country, and pos-
terity, to resist, to the utmost of their power, those
who were carrying them into slavery, although such
resistance might cost the life of every white man on
board. When they had obtained possession of them-
selves, and had become masters of their own persons,
what was their situation? They were on board this
ship, thousands of miles from their native land,
from whence they had been brought by the rapa-
cious slave-dealers. To return to Havana would be
voluntarily to place themselves within the power of
a people who had treated them i n a piratical and a
barbarous manner. It should be borne in
mind, also, that they had been placed in this situa-
tion by their oppressors, Montez and Ruiz. And I
now ask the jurist, and the statesman, if there could
be any doubt as to the perfect right of these people
to use and employ the ship for the purposes of
transporting themselves back to their native land; or
that this right was perfect and absolute, under the
laws of Spam? The Spanish slavers who brought
them from Africa did so in violation of all law, both
human and divine. In committing this crime
against humanity itself, tliey were protected by no
law against the force of these people, who had an
undoubted right, at any time, to assert and maintain
their liberty, although, in so doing, they might slay
every Spaniard on board. Suppose, when they had
been ten days at sea,, the Africans had risen and ob
tained possession of the ship: what, under .such cir-'
cumstances, would" have been their rights, and their
duty? Would the author of this report urge that
they would have been bound to pursue the voyage,
and surrender themselves to imprisonment in the
baracoons, and sale in the sjave markets of Cttba,
according to the original designs of'their captors?
No, sir; the common sense of every -man would
shrink from such a proposition. All will say, at
once, that they would have had the clear and un-
questionable right, and it would have been their, du-
ty, to use the ship for the purpose of returning to
their families, their friends, and country; and that,
in doing so, they would have violated ho law of
Spain. I will carry the hypothesis a little further.
I will suppose that, on their return to Africa, they
had found it necessary to call at some island—Fer-
nando Po, for instance—in order to obtain water:
would the people of that island -have "possessed* the
right, by the law of nations, to take their ship from
them? Oh this point, I think it difficult for men to
differ, in opinion. It is equally obvious that the
rights of the Africans had in no sense been changed
by being carried to Havana, and there reshipped on
board another vessel. The power to assert and
maintain their rights had been suspended for a great-
er length of time than in the supposed case. Other
persons had assumed the places of their captors;, but
that act of taking the place of their captors, and at-
tempting to carry out the objects and the voyage of
those who brought them from Africa, rendered them
in all respects liable to the same dangers from, their
captives.
Thus it appears most obvious to my'muid that the
ship became the property of the Africans, at the
time they assumed the control of it; that, when she
entered the waters of the United States, she did so
in the character of an Jlfrican vessel; that all inter-
ference with their rights, by Lieut. Gedney, or oth-
eis, was unauthorized and improper. They should
have been permitted to depart with their ship, or to
sell it, together with the cargo, as they might have
deemed advisable. A state of war existed between
the Spaniards and these Africans. It may have
been that state of war which writers upon national
law term imperfect; but, whether it was a state of
perfect or of impcrfect war, the ship and cargo be-
longed to the captors, as indisputably as any prize
captured in war between civilized nations belonged
to the captors. Yet it was taken from .them, most
wrongfully, by our people; and such was the novelty
of the case, and so little had our people then reflect-
ed upon the rights of Africans, that an opinion ap-
peared to prevail, even among lawyers, that they
possessed no rights; and, for that reason, no claim
to the ship and cargo was exhibited, by their attor-
ney. Our people, therefore, deprived the Jlfriams
of their property, and not the Spaniards; and, had
the Committee on Foreign Relations reported the
bill to refund to them the value of the property
which we took from them, and a reasonable com-
pensation for the time they were detained in prison
by our people, I might have approved of the meas-
uie; and, if this report had followed the law of na-
tions, as laid down by all approved authors, I would
have voted to print the extra copies now moved by
the honorable member from Pennsylvania.
But, Mr. Speaker, for the sake of the argument,
let us suppose that these people had been imported
into Cuba prior to the treaty between Spain and
Great Britain, m regard .to the slave trade, and. had
been held in slavery under the laws of Spain, for
twenty years, and had then been shipped on board
this schooner, and had obtained possession of her
in the same way: would their rights have been in
any assential respect different? I answer, they would
not. Slavery itself is a state of war. No law of
the slavehoiding government can bind the slave in a
moral point of view. He is not a member of such
government, but is opposed to its very existence,
and may of right subvert it whenever it may be in
his power to do so. He holds no rights under it;
but indeed all his natural and political rights are sus-
pended, instead of being protected by it. The rela-
tion of government and subject does not exist be-
tween them; but their relations are those^of hostility,
and it is at all times his privilege and his duty to es-
cape from his degradation at the first possible mo-
ment. I know that many people appear to think he
ought not to take life in order to escape. I reply, it
is his duty to himself, and to the world, and to his
God, to escape. If any one, or more, attempt to
prevent his escape, it is, nevertheless, his duty to
throw off the chains of slavery if in his power, and
if his oppressors themselves, render it necessary for
