49®
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
additional sections to the bill; the one appropriating $75,000
foe the continuation of the Cumberland road in the, State of
Ohio; $76,000 for the continuation of said road in the State of
Indiana; and $75,000 for the continuation of said road in the
State of Illinois. The other section appropriating $25,000
for building a bridge across the Ohio river at Wheeling.
Mr. HUGHES offered an amendment to the amendment
appropriating $500,000 for the construction of a national
road to the seat of government of the State of Missouri.
Rejected
Mr. HOLMES offered an amendment to the amendment
appropriating live millions of dollars for extending the
Cumberland road to the Oregon Territory. Rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. "VVfller's amend-
ment, and->it was rejected.
Some other amendments were proposed, and negatived.
Mr. PARMENTER proposed to strike out a portion of the
bill, the eifect of which would be to leave the items of
$100,000 and $223,000, and to strike out the residue.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr HAMMETT inquired if it was in order to propose to
add the following item: "$10,000 for the improvement of our
harbor of Galveston."
The amendment was not entertained.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the committee lay aside the
bill to be reported to the House, and take up bill No. 203.
After some conversation, the committee rose, and repoit*
ed the bill to the House.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed
to the reporters by the members presenting them:
By Mr. PETTIT: The petition of John B. Semans and 9G
others, citzens of Tippecanoe county, Indiana, praying the
improvement of the Wabash river: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands. Also, the petition of Peter
Langlois, prating relief in a case where a patent has issued
to him for the wrong piece of land: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
,.?5" JAMESON: The petition of sundry citizens of
different counties in the State of Missouri, praying for the
improvement of the western rivers, and St. Louis harbor:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. BRODHEAD: The memorial of Charles W. Ash-
ley and 37 other citir.ens of Carbon county, Pennsylvania,
against any repeal or modification of the tariff'act of 1842.
By Mr. J. W. DAVIS: The memorials of George G. Dunn
and 65 others, of Lawrence county, Indiana: of Andrew
Waters and is others, of Sullivan county, Indiana; of Geo.
II Johnson and 30 others, of Monroe county, Indiana, and
of Elijah Master and ti5 others, of the 6th congressional dis-
trict. Indiana, prayme n grant of land in the Vincennes land
district, Indiana, for the completion of the Wabash and Erie
canal to the Ohio river.
By Mr. HOGK: The petition of George Rockwell and 134
others,citi/.ens of Wan,aw, in the coiintj of Hancock and
Mate ol Illinois, praying Congress to make appropriations
for the immediate improvement of the upper Mississippi and
Missouri rivers, and the secdnt) of the harbor of St. Louis:
refcmvl to tin Committee, of the Whole House on the
state of the I'mon.
By Mr. flAMSEV: The petition of Aquilla Bolton, Wm.
Wolil, and _ numerous other citivcns of Schuj lkill county,
Pennsj lvanin, protesting aguin&t any interference with the
turillol lir'iZ
By Mr. HENRY DODGE: The petition of "264 citizens
of Milwaukie county, Territoij ot Wisconsin, asking Con-
gn ss for an appropriation for a roar] from the town of Mil-
waukie, m;i Hash's Rapids, on Rock river, to Port Winne-
bago, m said Territory: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Poet Konds. Also, the petition of 99 citi-
zens of the counties of Jetk-rson and Walworth, Territory
or Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a mail route or
no«t road from I'raiutville, in the county of Milwaukie, via
North Frame, in ^aid county, and the village of Palmyra, in
the county of Jotrm-on. to While Water, in the county of
Waiu oith- it feued to the Committee on the Post Officio and
Poi-t Roads
• lr* -'vlc1II'VAI^K: The remonstrance of Samuel A.
Whitakei and II. others, citizens of Phcenixwllo, Pennsyl-
vania agamst ju\ ehange whatever m the present tariff
laws. Also, the lemonstiunce of Samuel A Whitoville, Wm.
Chandler, and 0-2 other cjtr/ens of Chester count} Pennsyl-
vania, oil the s.ime subject.
By Air MMFKJ? HCNT: The petition of L. L. Treat,
■'nd one bundled and four others, citi/cns of the State of
Michigani, lor the establishment of a post-ionte fiom Pon-
tine, OaKl.i'iil eounh , Michigan, to Onon, ju the samecoun
tv: leferred to the Committee on the Post OJiice and Post
Roads.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 8, J844.
Immediately after the reading of the journal 
A message \vas l-ecened from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by their Clerk, announcing the death
of the Hon. Hemay Alle.v Moore, a representative
in Congress from the State of Ohio, and the adoption
ot resolutions testifying the respect of thai body for
the memory of the deceased ; which being rcadj
Mr. TAPPAN rose, and addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. PttEMDF.xr: Tile message from the House,
announcing the death of my honorable colleague of
that body, imposes upon me the solemn and painful
duty of moving the honors usually paid to the mem-
ory of those who, having been our brethren in the
public service, have left us to pass that bourne
whence no traveller returns.
Hemm Allen Moore was a native of the town
of Plainfleld, Vermont. His parents were respecta
ble, but poor. He was a self-educated man. About
six years ago he removed to Ohio, and settled with
his family in the city of Columbus. He had chosen
the law for his profession; but being poor, he sought
and obtained employment.as a schoolmaster for pres-
ent support. His learning, his talents, and correct
deportment, soon gained for him the good will of the
society around him; his business as a lawyer in-
creasing, he devoted his whole attention to its labors;
and such was his character and standing, that before
he had lived in the State six years, he was promoted
to the office of adjutant-general of her militia. At
the last election for member of Congress in Ohio in
the Columbus district, in which were many able
men who were candidates for nomination, he was
preferred to all his competitors, and was elected by
the people.
General Moore had not been many weeks attend-
ing Congress until he was compelled by disease to
devote his whole care to his own preservation; he so
far recovered as to attend again a few days in the
House, but it was evident that he was exerting him-
self beyond his strength; the advice of his friends
coincided with his own opinion that a visit
to his family, the exercise of the journey, and the
repose and kind attentions he would there receive,
would restore his health. It was a mistake; for, from
the lime he left here, his strength declined; and when
he arrived there on the 31st of March, it was evi
dent that he had returned to his family but to die
in their embraces. On the 3d of April he expired.
General Moore was a well educated man. Though
not blest with a hardy frame and robust health, he
possessed great intellectual energy. His death at the
early age of thirty-four is a calamity to his family,
and a great loss to the State which had adopted him.
His political opinions were soundly democratic.
Of his opinions upon theological subjects, nothing is
known. Hi3 character was pure and virtuous; we
may therefore conclude, that
"For forms of faith while graceless bigots fight,
His can't be wrong w hose" life is in the right "
Mr. T. concluded by submitting the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep sensi-
bility the communication from the Houso of Representa-
tives, announcing the death of the Hon. Hs-jian A,.i ft
Moorc, a representative in Congress from the State of
Ohio.
Resolved, That in token of sincere and high respoct for
the memory of the deceased, the members and officers of the
Senate will wear crape on the left arm, as mourning, for
thirty days; and as afurtlier remark of rcspect,
Resolved, That the Senate do now adjourn.
The question was put, and the resolutions being
unanimously agreed to,
The Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 8, 1844.
The journal having been read,
DEATH OP HONORABLE HUMAN AI.LEN
MOORE.
Mr. WELLER rose and spoke as follows:
Mr. Speaker: Death has again been amongst
us. Another of our associates has been taken from
this hall, and transferred to another, and, 1 trust, a
better world—to a "house not made with hands,
eternal in the heavens." My colleague, the honora-
ble Heman Allen Moore—who, but a few davs
since, stood upon this floor as one of the proud
representatives of a great and powerful State, now
sleeps in the silent tomb; his spirit rests in the
hands of the Creator. He died at his residence
(Columbus, Ohio) on Wednesday morning, the 3d
instant.
General Moore came here at the commencement
of the present session, apparently in good health; but
after a few weeks' labor in this hall, he was stricken
by a disease which, although sometimes slow in its
progress, never fails in the end to baffle the skill of
the most successful physician. Consumption had
fastened its fangs upon his vitals, and, in a few short
months of suffering, closed his career. He left this
city for his family, with forebodings that
his days were few, and that he would not
live to return to his post. Notwithstanding his
debility, it will be remembered that on the day
preceding his departure, he was upon this floor,
warmly and zealously advocating and carrying
through a bill, in which portion of his immediate
constituents felt a deep solicitude. It was the last
act of his political life.
The deceased was a native of Vermont, where he
received a liberal education; he studied law in
Rochester, New York; and after completing his pro-
fessional studies, and forming a matrimonial alli-
ance, emigrated to Columbus, Ohio, where he main-
tained a respectable standing at the bar. At the
time of his decease, he was about 34 years of age.
After a residence of only six or seven years in thdt
State, he was appointed adjutant-general; ajid a year
afterwards, at the last congressional election, select-
ed as the representative upon this floor of one of its
largest and most respectable districts. Notwith-
standing he was a young man, comparatively a
stranger, and with no experience whatever in legis-
lation, his stern integrity, his strict morality, his
useful talents, and his unflagging perseverance, gave
undoubted assurance that in his hands the interests
of t,hp people would never be compromised. I
need scarcely say to those who witnessed his brief
career as a representative, that this confidence was
not misplaced.
It is, perhaps, difficult to engage actively, for any
length of time, in the exciting scenes of party strife,
without incurring the enmity of those whose inter-
ests, opinions, or feelings, may be counter to ours.
Political differences too often affect our private rela-
tions, and convert into enemies those who, under
other circumstances, would have been bound to-
gether by the strongest ties of friendship. General
Moore, however, had no enemies in thishaH. Open,
frank, and independent in the maintenance of those
principles which he conscientiously believed were
inseparably connected with the prosperity of the
country, yet kind, courteous, and conciliatory to-
wards those who differed with him, he gave offence
to none. Whilst he enjoyed the unlimited confi-
dence of his political friends, he always retained the
respect and esteem of his opponents.
It is some consolation to his friends here to know
that he reached home in time to receive the kind-
ness and attention of his family in the "hour and
article of death." He died not amongst strangers,
and in a strange land, far from his home and kin-
dred; but in the bosom of his family, and surround-
ed by a generous constituency who had honored
lum with their confidence, and whose regaid he so
richly merited. An amiable and devoted wife hung
over his bed of suffering, and smoothed the pillow
of death. No condolence of ours, however sincere-
ly offered—no tears of sympathy, be they ever so
profusely shed, can heal the agonized heart of the
bereaved widow. To her the loss is irreparable.
He upon whom she had placed her hopes of happi-
ness in domestic life—he around whom all the warm
afiections of her heart had been gathered, and
whom she loved with all the enthusiasm and devo-
tion of her sex—the father and protector of her
three helpless children,—has been torn from her bo-
som forever. The heart that once beat in unison
with hers has ceased to pulsate forever. The eye of
