CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#1
affection which once carried joy and gladness to her
soul, has been closed by the cold hand of Death.
The partner of her pleasures and pains—the idol of
her heart has gone to that land where "sin and sor-
row are known no more"—"where the wicked cease
from troubling, and the weary are at rest." That
God "who tempers the wind to the shorn lamb"
can alone console and sustain her under this afflict-
ing dispensation. May we not also hope that He
who has promised to be a "father to the fatherless"
will watch over and protect the helpless orphans left
to mourn the loss of an earthly parent'
Day after day are we admonished of the certainty
of death and the uncertainty of the time thereof.
How often has the truth been forced upon our
minds by impressive lessons, "that in the midst of
life we are in death?" To-day the politician stands
in this hall the proud representative of a free people,
commanding by his genius our respect, and engaging
our attention; to-morrow comes a withering frost,
and those lips of eloquence which could once arouse
the soul to all the sublime feelings of patrotism and
valor, become motionless and silent, to be heard no
more. "The grass withereth and the flower fadeth."
But a few days since my deceased friend and col-
league sat by my side watching, over the interests
of his constituents with a zeal that never tired, a
vigilance that never flagged; to-day he sleeps in
the silent grave; his voice has been hushed,
and will no more be heard in this hall. This
seat, which once knew him, will know him no
more forever. He had but just commenced his
career upon the busy theatre of life. Honored with
a seat in the national councils, happy in his domes-
tic relations, surrounded by kind and devoted friends,
looking forward with high hopes of future honors
and usefulness, he has been cut down in the morn-
ing of life by the unsparing hand of death. "Life's
fitful fever is over," and no man shall see him
more. Oh ! "what shadows we are, what shadows
we pursue." -Should not the number of our asso-
ciates who have been stricken down from our side
within the last few months, admonish us of the lit-
tleness of our controversies here, the uncertainty of
our sojourn on earth, and the necessity for being
prepared to take our departure to that "bourne
whence no traveller returns?" Let us be ready; for
"no one knoweth the day nor the hour when the
Son of Man cometh."
As a tribute of respect to the memory of our de-
ceased friend and late associate, I offer the following
resolutions, and ask their adoption:
Resohed, That this House has heard, with the liveliest
sensibility the annunciation of the death ofthe Hon. Heihn
Am.fn Moo.tr, late a member from the State of Ohio.
Jtf-soh'ed Thot this House tenders to the family and rela-
tives of the deeea«ed the expression of its sympathy on this
afflicting event; and, as a testimony of respect for the mem-
ory of the dec* ased, the members and officers will wear the
uMud badge of mourning for thirty days.
Reio'ued. Tint, as a further testimony of respect, this
House will now adjourn.
The above resolutions were unanimously adopted,
and
The House adjourned.
Senate Chamber, April 8, 1844.
Gentlemen*: On Friday, Mr. Breese presented
the memorial of Pierre Chofeau, jr., Louis Menard,
and others, of St. Louis, praying for the confirma-
tion of a tract of land in Iowa, known as the Du-
buque rlalm, granted by the Baron deCarondelet in
which, on his motion, was leferred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The above was omitted from your account of the
proceedings of that day in the Senate. Please no-
tice il in your paper to-morrow.
Y ours,
S. BREESE.
Messrs. Blair & Rives.
House of Representatives,
April 8, 1844.
Sir.: In ihe remarks attributed to me, by your re-
porter, on Mr. Hoge's motion to increase the ap-
propriation for the improvement of the Mississippi,
the Missouri, the Arkansas, the Illinois, and the
lower division of the Ohio rivers, I am made to say,
in relation to the Arkansas river, "No one could
entertain a doubt as to the exclusive authority of
Congress to take measures for its improvement."
What I did say was, that no one, at this day, fa-
miliar with the subject, could entertain a doubt as to
the constitutional authority of Congress to take
measures for its improvement. The word "exclu-
sive" was not used. Of your reporter I have no
cause of complaint, as his position was unfavorable
for hearing distinctly what I said.
Very respectfully,
EDW. CROSS.
Messrs. Blair and Rives.
House of Representatives,
April 8, 1844.
Gentlemen: In the report of the proceed-
ings of the House on the bill making appropria-
tions for western waters, of Saturday last, Mr.
Blackwell moved an amendment "for the continu-
ation of the improvements on the Tennessee river,
of $56,769 '33;" and I find this remark ascribed to
me: "Mr. Thompson said he would not vote for the
amendment, because he was not disposed to jeopard
the passage of the bill. This is a mistake; I made
no such remark; nor did I say a word on the amend-
ment, though I endeavored to get the floor for the
purpose of advocating the amendment. In an early
part of the debate, I had remarked that if the
friends of the western waters adhered to the prop-
osition to expend one hundred thousand dollars
on the upper Ohio, there were at least one hundred
streams m the United States equal to that in com-
mercial importance; and it would be right, if a dis-
tribution of the treasury was to be made, that each
section of the Union should obtain its appropriate
share. For this reason I favored the amendment,
intending to vote against the bill. For the safety of
commerce, and the preservation of human life,
Congress might undertake to remove the obstacles
which endanger both in the great natural thorough-
fares of trade between the States, on the principle
that light-houses are built on the coast, and steam-
boats are inspected, tinder the authority of the Uni-
ted States. Yet it is a very different thing to make
channels for commerce, by digging canals, or by
confining the the water in a narrow compass, as is
the attempt on upper Ohio. The first is general
in its very nature —the other is local.
I hope, therefore, you will correct this report in
your next paper.
- Very respectfully,
J. THOMPSON.
Messrs. Blair & Rives.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 9, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance, with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 3d instant, a report made to the topo-
graphical bureau by Captain George Hughes, in
relation to the working of copper ore; which, on
motion of Mr. PORTER, was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also laid before the Senate the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, containing state-
ments of the commerce and navigation of the United
States; which, on motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON,
was ordered to lie on the table, and 1,500 copics, in
addition to the usual quantity, ordered to be printed
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a memorial nu-
merously signed by citizens of Indiana, asking a
grant of land to complete the Wabash and Erie
canal to the Ohio river: ordered to lie on the table.
Also a petition of the citizens of the counties of
Park and Fountain, Indiana, praying for a mail
route from Rockville to Annapolis, Sylvania, Mer-
ryville, and Cooper's Mill to Covington: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON presented two memorials, signed
by 400 citizens of Newcastle county, in the State of
Delaware, without distinction of party, remon-
strating against any modification of the existing
tariff: referred to the Committee on Finance. .
Also a memorial signed by William Stephens, and
other citizens of the State of Delaware, remon-
strating against the remission of duty on railroad
iron: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from the chil-
dren and heirs at law of James Maglenen, praying
for compensation for a horse lost in the service of
the United States during the late war: referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. P. also presented resolutions adopted by the,
legislature of Maryland, requesting the senators and*
representatives from that State to use their influence
to procure the passage of a law making, the neces-
sary appropriation to remove certain sand-bars at
the mouth of the Susquehanna river, obstructing
the passage of vessels of large burden to the port of
Havre de Grace: referred to the XJommittee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from Wil-
liam D. Ross, praying the remission of certain du-
ties on scrap iron imported into the State of
York from Canada: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, presented a memorial from the officers of
the Marine Insurance Company of New York, ask-
ing Congress to take measures for the effectual de-
fence of the Gulf of Mexico. The memorialists
go into considerable details with reference to the
measures which ought to be adopted for that pur-
pose, and suggest the construction of a railroad
from the naval depot, at Pensacola to the interior of
the country: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also a petition from a large number of merchants
of New York, among which were the names of
many heavy business houses of that city, praying
for the passage of a law establishing the ware-
housing system: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial signed
by citizens of the township of Warwick, in the
county of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, setting forth the
advantages of the tariff law of 1842, and protesting
against the passage of the bill reported into the
other House by the Committee of Ways and
Means: referred to the Committee on Finance.
- Also, five memorials from different parts of Penn-
sylvania, asking Congress to let the existing tariff
continue in existence until it be proved by ascer-
tained facts that a change of its provisions was ne-
cessary:- referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial from George
McElroy, and other highly respectable citizens of
the township of Ephrata and county of Lancaster,
Pennsylvania, acting as a committee in behalf of a
public meeting. They state that in the autumn of
1777, after the battle of Brandywine, 500 spldiers
were brought from the American army, some of
them wounded, and others suffering with the camp
fever, and placed in a hospital, provided for them
by the charity and patriotism of the religious so-
ciety of Seventh Day Baptists, which then had a
large, establishment at Ephrata. That afterwards
200 of them died, and were buried on the summit of
a hill called Mount Zion, about 100 feet in height,
and commanding a rich and picturesque view of the
surrounding country. The spot has since been neg-
lected, and is now overgrown with thorns and
brambles. Mr. B. said the citizens in the vicinity of
Ephrata, considering it wrong that the remains of*200
of the benefactors of their country should be permitted
to lie there neglected, and almost unknown, have been
exerting themselves to erect a monument to their
memory, and they now ask Congress aid them in
this pious and patriotic attempt, by granting them
an appropriation for the purpose: referred to the
Committee .on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEVIER presented papers relative to the
claim of the late Colonel D. Brearley; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ATKINSON presented a petition from cer-
tain residents of the land districts of Fayette and
Palmyra, asking that the land offices there may be
consolidated and located in some central point in
a new district, and recommending Bloomington,
in Macon county, Missouri, as a proper location:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FULTON presented a petition from citizens
of the State of Arkansas, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Little Rock, south side
of Arkansas river, to Fort Smith: referred to the
Committee, on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a petition from James
D. Mason, and others, praying permission to regis-
ter a vessel of foreign construction purchased by
them, and refitted in the United States: referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from David
Bronson and other citizens of the State of Maine,
praying that no change may be made at the present
session in the existing tariff; referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance,
