508
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Hamlin.
H. of Reps.
pay more for all he purchased. Such a course
would kill labor with its "protection."
Because this system was adopted as the best one,
on the whole, by which to pay off our national debt^
it is now seized upon as the permanent one for the
country. To pay our national debt, incurred in
the defence of our homes and our liberties, the
American people would bear taxing to the very lips;
but because they will bear and cheerfully pay such
taxes, it in no manner follows that it is right in prin-
ciple, or that they will consent, to tax one class for
the benefit of another. "What was paid in the one
ease was right; in the other, it was gross, rank in-
justice—the essence of oppression. The certainty
of defeat, in the other end of the Capitol, of any
law modifying and improving this measure, and
collateral causes, might prevent it here; but it would
not change the principle: and time would accomplish
it, most certainly.
But one other view. Maine was a State much
and vitally interested in commerce, in shipbuilding,
and in fishing. In tonnage, it was the third State
in the Union; in its fisheries, the third State; in the
productions of the forest, the second; in its seamen
that navigate the ocean, and depend on commerce,
the second; and in its shipbuilding, first. Taxes
upon commerccwere taxes upon navigation; and the
E resent law came up to that point at which commerce
ad languished, and irt many cases it had amounted
to prohibition, at which commerce must die. By
the high duties imposed upon many articles, the
fisheries of Maine were deeply injured. The hardy
and honest fishermen could not now send their fish
to various countries where they went formerly.
This law had so restricted or taxed the articles for
which they once exchanged their fish, that they can-
not now send them abroad. But it was the enor-
mous duty which shipbuilders were compelled to
pay to which he invited attention. Maine was the
greatest shipbuilding State, and deeply did it affect
her labor as well as her commerce. We could live
down this system of "tinkering" with the* laws of
trade. The energy and perseverance of our people,
and the varied and inexhaustible resources of the
country were such, that the vilest system, the most
oppressive system, could be lived down. We wer
triumphing over the burdens and restrictions of this
law and the evils of a collapsed currency, and we
should Jive it down; yet it was unjust and oppres-
sive, and should be amended and revised. It was an
extreme measure, and should not remain. A medium—
a compromise course—the very course by which our
government was founded—was the measure which
should be the settled policy, avoiding alike each ex-
treme. The following table was prepared by an
honorable member of the House for him, who had
for years been engaged in shipbuilding. It did not
include many little articles, which would add con-
siderable to the aggregate of duties; but it presented
the great sums and great items—enough to show its
hideous deformity, and one effect of "tinkering"
with the laws of trade—its startling injustice. His
rule was .justice to all—bounties and privileges to
none— "millions for defence, not one cent for tribute
A comparative statement of the cost mid duties paid on
the following articles used in the construction of a
ship of 500 ions, a brig of 250 Jons, and schooner of
100 tons.
Class.
Ship of 500 tons—
30,000 lbs. iron
3,oO0 lbs. copper, &c.
CO.OOO lbs cordage -
2*2,000 lbs clums and anchors
52 pieces sail duck
Brig of 2n0 tons—
18,000 lbs. iron
•2,000 lbs copper, &.C.
11 joco ids. cordage -
10,500 lbs chains and anchors
45 picces sail duck
Schooner of 100 tons —
10,000 lbs. iron
800 lbs. copper, &c.
5,000 lbs. cordage -
5,000 chains arul anchors -
24 pieces sail duck
Cost.
$l,o00
S7o
2,000
l,5o0
700
$6,675
900
500
1,100
6o0
650
$3,800
500
'200
500
300
410
$1,910
Duty.
525
140
1,000
550
7o
$2,590
SI 5
80
ooO
67
$1,274
175
32
0
125
3-5
*'517
Such were some of the^evils, either designed by
the authors of the law, of following as the certain
effect. Such were the evils of the measure which
render it odious indeed. Gentlemen claimed upon
the other side, and he would concede that many of
our most learned men of the Union belonged to that
party. It was true; and why had not some one, in
some age or country, possessed boldness .enough to
give us an elementary work upon political economy,
showing that you did not increase the price of arti-
cles by adding to the cost at the custom-house; and
that high taxes were conducive to the welfare of the
people. Such was federal doctrine in practice. Why
not honestly and boldly avow it? Where is this
system of "tinkering" to end?
John Quincy Adams, in his report on manufac-
tures, in 1832, had placcd this matter in its true
light—
"The doctrine that duties of impost cheapen the price o
the articles upon which they are levied, seems to conflict
with tlie fust dictates of common sense. But its supporters
first appeal with confidence to the fact that most of the arti-
cles upon which additional duties were levied by the tariii
of 182£> have, since that time, considerably fallen in price;
and then argue that it must be so by the excitement of com-
petition in the market. It is certainly contrary to the nat-
ural course of things, that an addition to the cost should be
d. reduction in the pi ice of the article. Ihe price of any
article in the market must always depend upon the relative
condition ot demand and supply, at the time and place of
saie. But very slight variations of time or piace. affect
often, to a very great extent, the relative proportion of the
demand and supply; and consequently, the price of the arti-
cle. No safe conclusion can be drawn from the fact, that,
subsequent to the tariff of 1828, the prices of the articles
upon which the duties were then increased, have fallen,
unless from other circumstances it ©an be shown that the
increase of the duty was the cause of the fall in price, nor
will it be sufficient to prove so strange a paradox, to account
for it by the excitement of competition, wherever there is
a profitable market, there will be competition. Had the tanti
of 1828 never been enacted, the competition m our markets
would have been as great, and would have been as effectual
to reduce the prices, as it has been with the aggravation of
duties.'>
"But the duty upon the article imported from abroad ena-
bled the domestic producer to enter into competition with
the importer fiom abroad. So long as this competition con-
tinues, the duty operates as a bounty or jinmium to the do-
mestic manufacturer But by whom is it paid* Certainly
by the puicha-scr of the article, whether of foreign or do-
mestic manufactures. The dciy con-shtute* a part ok
IHB I'lUCi. OF THE VHOLE MASS OF TUP. M"lllLf.s INTIIE
m vrket. It is substantially paid upon the article of domes-
tic manufacture, as well as upon that of foreign production.
Upon one it is a bounty; upon the uthei a burden, and the
repeal of the tax must opfrvtk as an equivalent reduction
of the price of the article, whether foreign or domestic."
In 1820, before this system had fastened its fangs
upon the country, what said even the citizens of
Massachusetts? In a large public meeting held in
Boston, in that year, an able repoit was made, and
resolutions adopted, expressive of the sense of that
community. So well, ably, clearly, and distinctly
did these resolutions expose this system, that they
should be well considetcd by all. He would select
some of the resolutions which were unanimously
adopted, and ably supported in a speech by Daniel
Webster. This should be good authority for the
other side of the House; and what was true then is
true now.
Jieiolved, That high bounties on such domestic manufac-
tures as arc principally benefited by that tariff, lavor great
capitalists, rather than personal industry oi the owners of
small capitals, and therefore we do not perceive its ten-
dency to promote national industry-
Resolved, That wc are equally incapable of discoveiing
itb buneficwl effects on agriculture, since the obvious con-
sequence of its adoption would be, that the farmer niu*t
give more than lie does foi all he buys, and receive less for
all he sells.
Resolved, That the imposition of duties which are enor-
mous, and deemed by a large portion of the people to be
unequal and unjust, is dangerous, as it encourages the piac-
tiee of smuggling ,
liesolm-d, That, m our opinion, the proposed tariff, and the
principles on which it is avowedly founded, would, if adopt-
ed, have a tendency, howevei difteient may be the motives
of those who recommend them, to diminish the industry,
impede the prosperity, and corrupt the morals of the peo-
ple.
James T Austin, and the lion Dnniel Webster, addressed
their fellow-rjtiz,enj$ in favor of \he report and resolves, in
speeches which were distinguished for closeness ol argu-
ment, variety of illustration, and abundance of fact
The report was then accepted, and the i esolves recom-
mended by the committee unanimously passed.
These were all federal measures past controversy.
Mr. Clay, in the last Congress, in his speech against
the repeal of the bankrupt law, after naming all
these measures, said:
"To this whole system of measures of relief, and to each
of its parts, our opponents made the most strenuous resist-
ance, upon grounds which they, no doubt, considered satis-
factory, although we could not concur with them. They
would" now gladly accomplish the subversion oithat si/ttein
which they could not then (at the extra session) defeat
To Assail the whole -system, they are peifectly aware, u ouid
be unavailing", and they have no hope of success tut by at-
tacking it in detail. Accordingly we hnd them all, with but
few exceptions, arraying themselves against tht banknipt
law, as the entering wedge to the destruction of that entite
system."
These were all the cardinal measures of an "entire
sysfem." If the country were in favor of such doc-
trines, be it so. If that policy is to be adopted
which had served so much to pauperize and degrade
the laborers of England—which had served to create
fortunes of untold wealth on the one hand, and beg-
gary and starvation on the other—let it be under-
stood and fairly presented. If a "restoration" of
these persons ana measures would be satisfactory to
an American public, he had, indeed, misunderstood
the matter ana the public. He could say—
"A day, an hour, of virtuous freedom,
Is worth a whole eternity of shackles
Such as these."
ASSUMPTION OF THE STATE DEBTS AND RE-
PEAL OF THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY
LAW.
The distribution of the sales of the public lands
was an assumption of the debts of the States so far
as the amount went. The debts of the several States
amount at least to two hundred millions of dollars,
and these were to be assumed by the general gov-
ernment. Many of the federal papers were open
and decided in favor of the measure. At this veiy
same 27th Congress a report was made, signed by
"William Cost Johnson, Merideth P. Gentry, John
duincy Adams, Zadok Casey, James Cooper,
Thomas F. Marshall, Calvary Morris, Jacob M.
Howard, and James H. Cravens, all whigs, or feder-
alists, recommending this very measure. The
plan, in plain terms, was for the general government
to issue its own stock or notes for two hundred mil-
lions of dollais, and to give said stock or notes to the
States, and to pledge the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands to pay the interest and principal; or, in
other °terms, to sell our public lands and to pay
State debts to the amount of two hundred mil-
lions of dollars, at the same time taxing the
people for other moneys with which to pay the
ordinary expenses of government. This was creat-
ing a vast public debt of $900,000,000, and- then
taking the money from the public treasury with
which to pay, whiley at the same time, the labor of the
country is taxed to replace it. This was "protection"
to labor, and an incident of a high tariff and bank
policy. And the indication, too, in thatHouse, was
by no means to be mistaken. No one who did not
wilfully shut his eyes could fail to see that the deter-
mined, steady, and unflinching opposition of that
party to all amendment or reduction of the tariff or
tax law was predicated, by many, on the ground
that, as the money was now coming into the treasu-
ry, there would be a surplus with which to relieve
the States. Such, in fact, was the substance of their
language. This might well be denominated the
climax of protection, as it only required a tax upon
the people of $200,000,000 to rcpKvcc it.
The 27th Congress repealed the law providing for
the security and protection of the public treasury.
Perhaps there was no one subject upon which the
federal party, in 1840, talked louder or more vio-
lently than upon the independent treasury law. It
was a law which every State, county, ana town in
the Union, piactically used. It was a law taking the
funds of the government from the banks, where
they were used for bank purposes, and placing
them under the control of government, guarded by
careful enactments, and secured by severe penalties.
That was, in fact and substance, the independent
treasury law. Yet, if the thousand and one lament-
ations of the federal party, who could no longer
have government money to trade and speculate up-
on, were to be regarded, this was a union of the
"purse and sword." And how did they remedy
and correct this horrid union? They repealed the
law, and left the public treasury without legal enact-
ments and safeguards to protect it; left it entirely in
the control of the Secretary and of the President, unit-
ing the purse and the sword most emphatically; re-
moving every penalty and breaking down every legal
protection of the same. Yet his colleague had
talked of consistency! political consistency! and this
was an illustration of the consistency of his parly!
They increased the public expenditure.
Created a public debt.
Squandered the public treasure to support a
political press.
And other acts in total -violation of all
tjiey professed and promised.
This same consistent party which his friend and
colleague had so zealously defended, in 1840 had
much to say about reducing the expenditures of the
