494
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
illation for the protection of domestic labor against
the competition of foreign labor.
Looking to the future destinies of tills country—to
its capabilities of maintaining a population of fifty-
millions of freemen within the term of life of those
now living—he asked, could it be that such a coun-
try and such a people were, destined to be dependent
on the workshops of Europe for the supplies of
their necessaries?
Mr. B. next examined the arguments urged by the
senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] in favor of
low duties as being conducive to the prosperity of
the country. He conceived the argument that, as
the revenue, which was but millions with a pop-
ulation of 4 millions, rose from that ratio to 16£
millions of revenue for 1 millions of people, was
fallacious as to the proposition that low duties con-
duced to national prosperity, because other cir-
cumstances existed to which that effect was
due. For, he argueiil that the senator from
Missouri had overlooked the fact that this country
was, in the first epoch he took, in a state of unex-
ampled prosperity, arising out of peculiar circum-
stances. The wars and revolutionary convulsions
of Europe were then all favorable to this country, and
threw the carrying trade of a large portion of the
world into our hands. The tendencies were all to
produce that degree of prosperity which was most
favorable to enlarged consumption of imports, and
consequently to the growth of revenue. The re-
verse was the fact after the late war, and was well
calculated to produce the very fluctuations pointed
out by the senator from Missouri, as characteristic
of his second epoch.
With regard to the argument that the present
tariff policy presses with peculiar severity on the
South, he considered that a problem yet to be
solved. He could only appeal to experience for a
test of the proposition; and when he did so, he
found that experience assured him that, instead of
reduced consumption and reduced prices of the
staple exports of the South, the reverse had
taken place; and instead of having to pay high-
er prices for articles of consumption, lower
prices prevailed. He denied tlmt the doctrine
of the increase of d'jties increasing prices was sus-
tained, to the extent alleged on the other side, by
modern political economists of the best reputation.
He found, on examining those authorities, the
doctnne maintained that the imposition of duties falls
not wholly on the consumer, but in part on the pro-
ducer, the intermediate agencies, ana the consumer.
They mention some instances in which the duty is
wholly borne by one or the other, but they are few
and immaterial. Mr. B. gave, as an instance of the
cffect of duties, some details relative to the trade in
rice between Georgia and England. If a barrel of
rice be sent in the rough State to England, the duty
there will amount to about 16 or 17 shillings; but if
sent in a prepared (cleaned) form, the duty will be
32 shillings—the difference being a protection to the
cleaning mills of Liverpool. He argued that this
was an article in which the producer paid the whole
duty, as it made no difference to the consumer in
consequencc of lice from other nations being admit-
ted, contrary to the reciprocity treaty with us, at
much lower duties.
Mr. B. next proceeded to discuss the doctrine of
free trade, willi a view of showing that it never
could be established by Great Britain, and therefore
never could be enjoyed by this country upon any
fair terms of reciprocity. He then adverted to the
arguments maintained here in favor of free trade.
Mr. McDUFFIE "rose to inquire if the senator
meant to say that any member of the Senate had, in
this discussion, advocated the doctrine of free trade
in the sense in which he characterized it?
Mr. BERRIEN replied that he conceived he had
merely used the term as it was always understood
by those who advocated low duties.
Mr. McDUFFIE again inquiied if the senator as-
seited that any member of the Senate had used the
term ill the sense he attributed to it?
Mr. BERRIEN replied that he used the term as
it was understood by the whole country, when it is
brought forwaid as an argument against an oppo-
site system.
Mr. B. next next referred to a work he had lately
seen, to show the sort of free trade exercised by
Great Britain. He then reverted to the question of
a modification of the tariff; and reiterated that he,
as a southern man, was opposed to any revision
now, which must, in his judgment, lead to nothing
but instability; and that if the tariff law were now
modified, in the only way it was possible it could
be modified, it would be a change but of brief dura-
tion, and would react injuriously on the interests of
the South. He had sought this opportunity of ex-
pressing his views, for the purpose of showing that
there was at least one portion of the South opposed
to any modification of the tariff at this inauspicious
crisis, which would disturb the interests that had
grown up under it, or prevent a fair trial of its
policy. He considered it the part of wisdom to
wait—to pause for the experience of another year.
It was not the part of wisdom to rush upon a change
that could have no stability.
The condition of the country admonished him
not to interfere with the career of prosterity which
the country now was enjoying. He desired to
await the decision of the American people, which
would now soon be given. Any revision can then
more appropriately be made.
Mr, COLQ.UITT desired to be heard upon this
question; but in view of the lateness of the hour, he
presumed it would be agreeable to the Senate to ad-
journ.
The question under discussion was passed over
informally.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tcesciay, April 9, 1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read, and
approved,
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the Committee on Public Build-
ings, on the subject of the Drummond light, was re-
jeeted •
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose for the purpose of
moving a suspension of the rules, for the purpose
of receiving reports from th e committees—such as
would give rise to no debate—in order that such re-
ports might be disposed of.
Mr. HALE inquired whether the motion to re-
consider was not a privileged question, which must
supersede all other business.
The SPEAKER said it was a privileged question,
which would take precedence over all other mo-
tions, except a motion to adjourn. He suggested
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Inoer-
soll] that the reception of reports from committees
would be the next business in order during the
morning hour, after the motion to reconsider was
disposed of, unless it should be set aside by a mo-
tion to suspend the rules, for the purpose of taking
up some other business.
Mr. INGERSOLL then withdrew his motion.
DRUMMOND LICHT.
The motion to reconsider being thus declared to
be now in order,
Mr. LEONARD rose, and explained the reasons
which influenced the committee in making the re-
port. Great inconvenience, he said, was experi-
enced from the present mode of lighting the hall of
the House of Representatives, from the want of
proper ventilation—the smoke from the candles and
lamps rendering the air almost wholly unfit for res-
piration. The adoption of the plan proposed by the
committee was also advisable on the score of econ-
omy. The present mode of lighting costs about
$25 a night; whereas the mode proposed would not
cost beyond four dollars at farthest; and it would
produce a more brilliant and perfect illumination of
the whole building.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question was
ordered to be now put.
The main question was then put, viz: "Shall the
vote by which the report was rejected, be reconsider-
ed?" and decided in the affirmative.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
report'
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and being taken, resulted thus—yeas
79, nays 83.
So the report was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the reception of reports from the
standing committees.
Mr. ELMER, from the Committee of Elections,
submitted a resolution, that said committee have
leave to sit during the sessions of the House.
Mr. E. said that he was directed by a majority of
the committee to offer this resolution, though one or
two of the members were opposed to it. He thought
the resolution necessary, to enable them to get
through the mass of business before the committee.
Mr. G. DAVIS said he had only to remark, as a
member of the committee, that he would not sit du-
ring the sessions of the House. He beiieved that
his legislative duties in the House were of more im-
portance to his constituents than any business be-
fore the Committee of Elections, and he should re-
mam in the-House to attend to them.
The question was taken on the resolution; and it
was agreed to.
PENSIONERS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways und
Means, to which had been referred the amendments
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the payment of the revolutionary and other pension-
ers of the United States, reported the same back
with several amendments: referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, to which
had been referred the amendments of the Senate to
the bill making appropriations for the fortifications
of the United States, reported the same back to the
House, with a recommendation that they be reject-
ed: referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Philip Swartsdop;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
Mr. V. from the same committee, to which had
been referred the bill from the Senate for the relief
of Charles Miller, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of John Monroe, and the petition of Solomon
Fitch and others.
On motion by Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON,
leave was granted to the heirs of Thomas A. Rus-
sell to withdraw their petition and papers.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims, made
an adverse report on the petition of Bennett M.
Dell: laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Charles S.
Mathews and James Hall: laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Barnabas Ba-
ker and others: read twice, and referred to tiie Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. C. M. READ, from the Committee on
Commeice, to which had been referred the bill to
provide for improving the entrances into the mouths
of the Kalamazoo and Grand rivers, or. the eastern
coast of Lake Michigan, reported the same with an
amendment, which was read.
LAND TITLES IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill supplementary to the
act entitled An act to settle the title to certain tracts
of land in Arkansas, approved 11th August, 18-12:
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
POLISH EXILES.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS, from the same comovt-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of certain exiles
from Poland: read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. JAMESON, from the same committee, re-
ported the following bills.
A bill for the lehef of certain persons who lost
their pre-emptions under theacfof 19th June, ly34,
by the location of reservations foi the chiefs
&c., under the treaty with the Creek Indian^ of
1832.
A bill authorizing the inhabitants of township
1, of range^ 13 east^Sencca county, Ohio, to relin-
quish certain lands selected for schools, and to ob-
tain others in lieu thereof.
A bill supplemental to the acts of May '22, 1826,
and May 27, 1840, authorizing the surrender ot
bounty lands drawn by soldiers of the last war, and
the location of others in lieu thereof.
Which bills were read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee on Engraving,
