496
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
the democratic majority sat week after week on the
independent treasury bill? Had he forgotten that
they sat until IX and 12 o'clock at night, and occa-
sionally until 3 o'clock, in the morning? The demo-
crats then did not strike down debate. They passed
a rule by which a majority could resolve the House
into.' Committee of the Whole where debate ex-
isted, and where the minority had the opportu-
nity to make such speeches as they thought proper.
But the other party amended that rule, and deter-
mined that a majority should not only give priority
of certain business; but to take a bill out of commit-
tee at a fixed and specified time; and there it was
that the privilege of debate was stricken down. He
spoke at some length on the threatened dangers of
such an exercise of power.
Mr. TIBBATTS obtained the floor.
Mr. WHITE requested his colleague to yield the
floor to him for a few minutes.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he could not do so. He
then proceeded to remark that the rules under con-
. sideration were adopted in 1842 by a whig Con-
gress, and at the commencement of the present Con-
gress they were stricken out; but, since that time,
the majority of the House had seen they could not
get along with the business of the House without
readopting those rules. The majority of this House
were responsible to the people of the country for
the waste of the public time on this floor, and the
people would hold them responsible for it. He
• was satisfied the debate which had arisen on this
proposition to-day, and on another proposition of a
preceding day, would show the importance and the
necessity of these rules. They had too much de-
bate in this House, and too great a waste of time in
consequence. Why, hardly any proposition could
arise, but the House ran into a party debate, which
had nothing to do with the business before them.
Believing that the people would hold them respon-
sible for such a waste of time, he now moved the
previous question.
Mr. WHITE said he hoped it would be voted
down.
Mr. ADAMS desired to make some remarks.
Mr- TIBBATTS said he should be glad to in-
dulge the gentleman from Massachusetts; but there
were other bills on which gentlemen could make
their speeches.
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding
the demand for the previous question, and 58 voted
in the affirmative. While those the negative were
being called,
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers, and they were
ordered. Messrs. Chapman and Winthrof were
appointed; and they reported 62 in the affirmative
anu 74 in the negative; so the previous question was
not seconded.
Mr. ADAMS then proceeded to address the
House; but for a long time he was wholly inaudible.
He had always, he said, voted against all restric-
tion upon debate. He voted against the one hour
rule, though he confessed it was, at times, produc-
tive of favorable results. Laying a question upon
the table without debate, was another restriction
upon tho freedom of debate; and another was the
previous question, by which a member could vir-
tually offer two resolutions at onee, the one the sub-
stantial resolution proposed to be adopted, and the
other a resolution that the vote should be taken
without debate. What! (said Mr. A.,) adopt a reso-
lution that a bill which had not yet been before the
committee shall be taken out of committee witlun
two hours' Sir, I cry you mercy. He could see
no necessity for fixing a time for taking it out of
committee. Let the subject be debated.
Mr. WELLER rose, he said, for the purpose of
demanding the previous question.
Mr. WHITE, who was endeavoring to obtain
the floor, contended that the gentleman from Ohio
could not be entitled to the floor for any other pur-
pose than to debate the question.
Mr. WELLER repeated that he rose for the pur-
pose of demanding the previous question; but if the
debate was to be continued, he would go on and
take his turn now.
Mr. WHITE inquired whether the floor had
been awarded to the gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIR responded that the gentleman from
Ohio claimed the floor on the ground that the gentle-
man from Kentucky had already addressed the
House on this subject.
Mr. WHITE. Does the gentleman take the floor
he purpose of debating the question?
Mr. WELLER. I do not like to be interrupted. I
am addressing the House; you may call it debating
the question or not, as you please.
The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Weller
continued) had read the -other side of the House
quite a lecture upon the subject of the adoption of
the rule cutting down the privilege of debate. He
meant that branch of the rule which gives to a ma-
jority the privilege of going into Committee of the
Whale. Mr. W. related the circumstances under
which that branch of the rule was adopted. When
the independent treasury bill was under debate in
thatjHouse,during the twenty-sixth Congress, though
the democratic party had a majority in the House,
who were exceedingly anxious to pass the bill, yet
they could not go into Committee of the Whole
upon it, because a vote of two-thirds was required.
When the twenty-seventh Congress convened, hav-
ing a whig majority, among the first resolutions
passed was one giving to the majority the right, not
only to prescribe the priority of business, but to
terminate a debate at their pleasure. Yes, at the
extra session, when the party to which he belonged
happened to be in a lank ana lean minority, it was
resolved that, by the vote of a bare majority, the
minority should be gagged—claiming in vain the
privilege not of defeating measures, or of delaying
action, but to be permitted to speak.
If that hour rule had been adopted, the voice of
the minority would not have been heard that session
at all. He thought he had his eye on a gentleman
who spoke two or three days in a debate, and could
speak six if there was no limitation to debate. Now,
he would leave it to the country, if the gentlemen on
the whig side of the House had any reason to com-
plain. We gave (said Mr. W.) to the majority the
right to fix the priority of business. They gave to
the majority the right to stop debate. When we
came here at the 28th Congress, we adopted the
same rule. I (said Mr. W.) would extend to po-
litical opponents the same liberty that they gave to
us. We had to endure three sessions under their
gag rules; and I wanted them, at this Congress, to
realize the benefits of it themselves. He was op-
posed to the resolution before the House, and should
vote against it. Ordinarily, he would not stop de-
bate so long as it could be confined to the subject
before the House; but when that could not be done,
the minority have no right to continue it. The ma-
jority was responsible for the business of the House,
and the people would hold them to that responsi-
bility. They should, therefore, have the power to
control the business of the House; but that power
should be used with discretion.
Mr. W. concluded by moving to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
This motion was carried without a division.
Mr. ELMER moved to suspend the rules to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; which motion was adopted.
Mr. ELMER moved to take up bill No. 203,
making improvements for certain harbors and
rivers.
[This bill makes appropriations for harbors and
rivers in the eastern portion of the United States.
The one acted on the other day was for western
rivers and harbors.]
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to take up the tariff
bill.
The question was first put on Mr. Elmer's mo-
tion, and it was adopted—ayes 86, noes 33.
The bill was then read through; after which, it was
taken up by clauses, and the committee having pro-
ceeded as far as the clause making appropriations
for Connecticut,
Mr. SIMONS moved to amend the bill by add-
ing an appropriation of $15,000 to complete the
improvement at the mouth of the harbor at Bridge-
port, Connecticut, and addressed the committee in a
few remarks in explanation and support of the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMES observed that the remarks of the
gentleman gave him an opportunity of doing what
ne had never done before—that is, of defining his
position. The committee, as the gentleman had
said, were unanimous, with one exception, in re-
gard to that amendment; and he would agree that,
if the bill passed, this amendment ought to be adopt-
ed; but it was due to himself to say distinctly that
he dissented in toto from every item in the bill. He
believed that this system, if carried out, (and there
appeared to be a disposition to carry it out,) would
require an expenditure of money that the country
little dreamed of. The treasury might be im-
proved by all the means and facilities within
the power of Congress; the tariff might be in-
creased; the public lands might be put up at
public auction, and even direct taxation might
' be resorted to, and yet it would not carry on
this system of national improvements to the extent
that its friends had carved out. He had hoped that
this system had received its quietus years ago; but
it seemed like the giant of old, to have risen with
fresh vigor from its fall; and he warned gentlemen,
if it continued to go on as he feared it would, that
the most disastrous consequences would ensue. He
felt himself bound to declare that, from the liberal
manner in which the committee had acted on this
subject, and from the liberal spirit shown by' the
South on a former bill, there was growing up
a disposition to make this union of States a vast
consolidated empire, and take from the people the
means of controlling their expenditures. The con-
sequences must be that the public treasury must be
filled, per fas aut nefas, and the whole country will be
bribed with the money unjustly wrung from them.
Look at this bill, said Mr. H.; there is not a portion
of this country which has not an inducement held
out to vote for it. With respect to the appropria •
tions themselves, he would observe that the commit-
tee bad examined the whole of them with the roost
scrupulous care, with a view to their usefulness and
importance. If it was proper for the government to
make these improvements, he must acknowledge
that the bill was very judiciously and impartially
framed. But while this Congress was retrenching
the expenditures on the most important establish-
ments of the country—cutting down the army and
cutting down^ the navy—he would ask the friends
of economy in the House if they were willing to
begin this new system, which would require mil-
lions for its commencement and untold millions for
its prosecution. He trusted that the friends of
States rights, if there were any left, would resist
this measure in the beginning; and he trusted that
the democracy would define their positions as he
did, and tell them whether such measures should
pass.
Mr. PAYNE asked for the reading of the amend-
ment, and it was read. Mr. P. then observed that
upon that proposition he rose to address the com-
mittee. He trusted, however, that lie should be per-
mitted to deviate a little from the main question,
with the view of continuing his answer to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. G.
Davis,] which he commenced a few daye ago on a
bill very similar to the one before the House. It
would be recollected liy the House, that he was cut
off by the hour rule just in the middle of his re-
marks, and that he had no opportunity since of con-
tinuing them. When interrupted, he was saying
that the whig party of 1844 were as destutute of a
common principle to bind them together, as the whig
party of 1840. As it was not his purpose to con-
sume the time of the House unnecessarily, he would
proceed at once to the proof of his assertion. In
order to do that, he begged leave to call tho attention
of the committee to what has been published in the
State which he had the honor in part to represent.
He would read from the Eutaw Whig—a respect-
able whig paper published in his own district, and
so devoted to Mr. Clay that it was not likely to
misrepresent him. He then read several articles of
Whig faith, as they were professed in Alabama; he
afterwards read a profession of whig faith in Ma-
ryland, and again in Pennsylvania, to show that
the whig faith and whig doctrines were not alike in
any two States of this union. It was evident there
was no common principle on which the whig party
stood, but each one fought on his own hook—
proving conclusively that that party was as desti-
tute of principles on which to stand or fall in tho
contest of 1844 as they were m 1840. Why, lie
remembered very well that, if he asked, in 1840,
what the whig principles were, he was answered in
a couplet of doggerel, (for which the whig party
seemed to have a great affection:)
"Wo go for Tippecanoe, and Tyler too,
V/ithout a vvlj\ or v. lieielore.1'
He held in his hand a copy of a book of songs,
called the National Whig Minstrel; which had been
sent over this country under franks from Washing-
ton, from which he requested the clerk to read a
specimen of its versification.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL suggested that they had
better have it sung.
Mr. PAYNE acquiesced in the suggestion, and
hoped the gentleman from Pennsylvania would lead
oft. [Laughter.]
