April, 1844:
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Wentworth.
H. of Reps.
found ' No where but where Christianity was preached and
practised.
The gentleman from Indiana argues that the doc-
trines of the Bible oppose all wars; and, the more
Christianity is preached, the less military spirit will
animate the bosom of our soldiers and sailors. I
differ with them there to a certain extent, and will
relate an anecdote in the expression .of my views.
Some few years since, I was in the city of Boston,
on the day of a great military parade, and, during
the day, visited a Bethel establishment, where I
found one of the United States marines very atten-
tively reading the Bible. I observed to him that I
thought it strange that he was not on the parade
ground. He replied, "If 1 ever fight, it will be in a
just cause; and, in this book, am I taking lessons of
war from the great God of battles." This anecdote
reminds me of two lines in one ofournational songs,
written by a brother democrat now numbered with
the dead:
"Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just,
And this be our motto,—' In God is our trust!'"
How much better this sentiment—how much more
patriotic, more religious—how much more unlike
Fanny-Wrightism than the countless ditties sung
by the caravan attending one of the candidates for
the presidency, [Note 7] now travelling this coun-
try, and made up of men so mean as to be rejected
unanimously by a Senate of their own party, by
defaulters, buffoons, blacklegs, self-styled Bears and
pump-borers, who compel ministers on the holy
Sabbath to dismiss their congregations by their
"Log cabin songs and cider shouts,
Banners and drums and revel route*
Sir, I am one of those who consider the "Star
Spangled Banner" a song perfect in itself, good
enough for any occasion. It will admit of no para-
phrase, transposition or change of any kind to ad-
vantage. The democrats take it as it is. But not
so with their opponents. They have transposed
and paraphrased it seventeen times to my knowledge;
and probably more. I have in my possession
many collections of the songs of our modern political
minstrels, and not one of them has this song in it
entire; but all contain some paraphrase of it into
words of obscenity, profanity, and rowdyism.
Gentlemen need not laug-h, as I am not going to read
them. This is too dignified and sober a body to
find them interesting. They are only proper for
those great political carnivals, got up in desecration
of the Sabbath, [Note 8] in defiance of every princi-
ple of morality, where men, coons, buffaloes,
and white virgin heifers mingle in promiscuous as-
semblage, to honor the modern Robespierre in his
hellish purposes of corrupting the morals, pervert-
ing the tastes, and dissipating the minds of the peo-
ple, that he may rise on their prostitution. In not
one of these new-fangled songs do I find the stanzas
above referred to, to wit:
"Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just,
And this be our motto—'Li God is our trust
I have never found a better moral code than the
Bible; a better political code than the constitution of
the United States: a better bill of rights than the
American declaration of independence; or a better
song than the "Star-Spangled Banner. [Note 9.]
[Note 7 ]
"Under such circumstance?, how contemptible does this
dema^oo-ue appear when he descends from his hi^h place
in the Senate, and roams about the country, retailing slan-
der upon the living and the dead.''—[Jackson.
Mr Badger (General Harrison's Secretary of the Navy)
said of Mr. Clay in IS^:—- _
"You have seen the Secretary of State challenging to
mortal combat a member of Congress, for daring, in his
placc on the floor of the Senate, to examine with freedom,
and'expose with boldness, the conduct of the Secretary.
You have seen the same officer, forgetful of what belongs to
his high station, assume the character of a travelling speech-
maker, and harangue public gatherings m Kentucky, Penn-
sylvania and Virginia, boasting of his intrepidity and vir-
tue and discharging his malignity towards Jackson, some-
times m gross abuse, and sometimes in impious appeals to
heaven."
[Notr 8]
Sec account of (.'lay's recent vimI to New Orleans.
[Noif. 9.1
Subjoined is the glorious democratic song.
Which federal whigs fill with "piseiV
To honor Clay and Frehnghuysen.'"
STAR-SPANGLED BANNER.
O! say can you see by the daw n"s carl) light.
What so proudly we li&irdat the tv> VhgVit5 last gleaming,
Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous
„ x, .
0*er the ramparts we waich'd weie so gallant!) stream-
ing?
And the rockets' red glare, bombs bursting in air,
{Jjiye proof through the night, that our flag uvs still Ihtre;
The style and sentiment of neither can be im-
proved. Each is a perfect model by itself. My
prayer is that each may survive to the end of time.
Prominent among the commands emanating amid
the thunders of Sinai, is the one "Thou shalt have
no other gads before me." Perhaps this com-
mand of the Christian code applies to those who
worship beasts; and, as the Laplander has no other
god before the cat, so, perhaps, the worshippers of
the coon, having no other god before him, are com-
pelled to strike the above from their songs—at any
rate, they have struck it out. But I return to my
subject, and state that, if any people on the face of
the earth can call themselves the favored of Om-
nipotence, it is our own American people. And I
know not to what else to attribute our many favors,
but to the efficacy of prayer, since we have been
distinguished above all others as a praying people.
The first thing our pilgrim forefathers did, after
landing on the Plymouth Rock, was to return thanks
for their preservation to the Ruler of the universe.
The Quakers who first settled Pennsylvania, and
the Catholics who first settled Maryland, and, in-
deed, all the early colonists, were distinguished as a
praying people, and strictly religious, both in pre-
cept and example. All the early legislatures of the
States were opened with prayer, and I know of no
one that has done away with the custom. The
first Congress was opened with prayer, and the
practice is still in existence, without having experi-
enced any organised opposition. No one will dis-
pute the rank of the father of this country among
the greatest generals of the world. And he never
entertained a fear of the enervating effects of religion
upon his army; for he had a prayer offered up at
the head of every regiment each morning, and also
the last thing before going into the field of battle.
General Jackson, though less regular, often had
prayers at the head of his army, and always was
glad to have. And it is a glorious commentary upon
the influence of the Christian religion, to find this
brave and veteran chieftain, who m turn had fought
and triumphed over men, armies and corporations,
now bowing to its injunctions, and acknowledging
that his only consolation in the infirmities of his
extreme age was in the blessed promises it held out
to him.
The democratic party has been called destructive;
but, so far as our religious institutions are concerned,
it will be found decidedly conservative. I will not
say that our present system of appointing chaplains
is the best, as [ have not examined it sufficiently.
If it is wrong, let us correct, but by no means des-
troy it. Believing that the proposition can get but
one vote, (and I shall call for tellers, so as to test it,)
and having premised facts enough to prove that the
charge of infidelity against our party is wilfully and
maliciously false, without a single apology for ma-
king it, I wish to say a few words in kindness to the
gentleman opposite.
Sir, this is a proud day for me; and it will be so
for our country, if gentlemen only carry out what
they profess, only practise what they preach, when
they come to vote for President. There has been
more said in favor of sound morals, and of the
Christian religion, to-day, than during the whole
Congress before, and the last Congress added to it.
The people will be astonished, when these debates
go out to them. They will hail this as the com-
mencement of a new era. I began to despair; and
many good people predicted that our nation was be-
O! say, does the Star-spangled Banner yet wave,
O'er the land of the free, and the home of the brave7
On the shore dimly seen through the mist1, of the deep.
Where the foe's "haughty host m dread silence reposes,
What is that which the breeze o'er the towering steep,
As it fitfully blows, half conceals, half discloses >
Now it catches the gleam of the morning's first beam,
In full glory reflected now shines on the stream:
'TVs the stai-banated Banntr'.—O, long may it wave,
O'er the land of "the free, and the home of the brave.
And where is that band who so vauntmgiy swore
That the havoc of war and the battle's confusion
A home and a country should,leave us no more'
Their blood has wash'd out their foul footsteps' pollution.
No refuge could save the hireling and slave,
From the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave.
And the Star-spangled Banner m triumph doth wave,
O'er the land of the free, and the home of the brave.
0! thus be it ever, when freemen shall stand
Between their lov'd home, and the war's desolation,
Blest with vie'ry and peace, may the Heaven-rescu'd land.
Praise the power that hath made and preserv'd us as a na-
tion'
Then conftuerwe must, when our cause it is just,
And this be our motto—"In God is our trust!"
And the Star-spangled Banner in triumph shall wave,
O'er the land of the free, and the home of the brave.
coming infidel, and on the road to anarchy. Sir, it
was feared that, as a nation, we were beginning to
lose all regard for Christianity; and well might it be
said that our people were becoming infidel in feel-
ings and in practice, when public opinion would
even tolerate a travelling candidate for the presiden-
cy in trampling down the most sacred barriers of
religion and morality. But a redeeming spirit seems
to have leaped into existence to-day, to have origin-
ated in this hall, and from a quarter least expected.
The remarks on the other side have been personal,
decidedly personal, and abusive of a prominent can-
didate for the presidency. Though they haye
called no names, they have seared him as with a
red-hot iron; and, as in. 1841, he had to be bound
over, in the sum of $5,000, to keep the peace, [.Note
10.] I caution (hem how they push matters to ex-
tremities. But, sir, I rejoice to infer, from the lan-
guage of gentlemen, that new influences are now to
commence
It is full time to stop these drunken revels as re-
quisites in the canvass for the presidency. [Note
11.]
It is time to substitute reason for revelry. It is
time to give up the worship of beasts, living or dead,
tame or wild. It is time that we abandon such
scenes of profanity and vulgarity, and acted more in
accordance with the institutions of the great Jehovah,
who, in his inexplicable workings, has so recently
filled this city with mourning. Here we are, sir,
with crape still on our arms for a deceased brother,
and others are dangerously sick. It is meet that we
should be solemn, and, if possible, impart that solem-
nity throughout the Union, and break up those
wretched scenes of blasphemy, vulgarity, indecen-
cy, riot, and drunkenness. These scenes of de-
bauchery first commenced in the canvass of 1840,
and, in view of the many and repeated awful calam-
ities that have since befallen the country, and which
have fallen heavily upon very many of those who
most actively participated in them, lam pleased to
see the gentlemen, this day, faltering in their career,
and uttering sentiments entirely repugnant to a rep-
etition of these miserable desecrations.
[Note 10.]
"United States of America,
"District of Columbia, to wit:
"Be it remembered, that on the tenth day of March, in the
year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-one,
before us, two of the justices of the peace for the county of
Washington, of the District of Columbia, personally ap-
peared Henry Clay and Willis Green, and severally ac-
knowledged themselves to owe the United States of Ameri-
ca, that is to say, the said Henry Clay five thousand dollars,
and the said Willis Green five thousand dollars, each to be
respectively levied of their bodies, goods, and chattels,
lands and tenements, to and for the use of the said United
States, if the said Henry Clay shall make default in the per-
formance of the conditions underwritten.
"The condition of the above recognizance is such, that if
the abovenamed Henry Glay shall keep the peace of the
United States towards all persons, and shall particularly to-
wards William R. King, then this recognizance shall be
void, otherwise of full force and virtue in law.
Acknowledged before us:
B. K. MORSELL, J. P.
W. THOMPSON, J. P.
A true copy. Attest:
W. BRENT, Clerk.
" 'The Embodiment.'"—Extract from a 'card' of Henry
Clay while Speaker of the House of Representatives, de-
nouncing a member of the House for writing an aiticle
about him in the newspapers, which he did not like:
" '{Dronounee the member, whoever he may he, A BASE
AND INFAMOUS CALUMNIATOR, A DASTARD, AND
A LI \ R; and ll he dare unveil himself, and avow his name,
I will hold him responsible, as 1 here admit myself to be, to
all the laws which govern and regulate the conduct of men
of honor! HENRY CLAY.
"Did Clay sfek rixdolrii's life'!—On pages 299 and
SOOofa 'Biography of Henry Clay.' written by his friend
George 1). Pi entice, will be found the following:
" 'In due tune the parties fired, and, luckily for both of
them or at least for .\lr. Clay. Mr. Randolph's life was saved
by his eown. The unseemly garment constituted such a
vast ciicumference, that the locality of'the thin and svvar-
thy senator' w as at least a matter of very vague conjecture.
Mr Clay miffht as well have fired into the outspread top of
an oak, m thl hope of hitting a bird he supposed to be snug-
lv perched somewhere among the branches. His ball hit
the centre of the visible object, but Randolph was not
there, and of course the shot did no harm and no good.
"This shows that Mr. Clay shot with the aim of practised
skill, and deadly malice."—*lut>i'stj .tfge.
[Note 11.]
Hoixsbyco-oicted.—The trial of L C. Hornsby forthe
murder of Colonel Twogood. at a whig meeting recently m
New Orleans, has resulted in his conviction oi manslaugh-
Thc punishment is imprisonment in the penitentiary for a
term not exceeding 21 years Messrs. Hornsby and Two-
good were both members of the "whig" party, and men of
standing and character in the community in which they
lired.—Misswricin.
