CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4M
ground, and make it openly and fairly the issue?
Why not rely upon the merits already claimed as
having demonstrated its advantages? Why ask for
another year's experience? Why so solicitous for
laying it aside till after the presidential contest'
Mr. C., adverting to the origin of the compro-
mise act, showed that the State of Georgia, in com-
mon with the other southern States, had implicitly
relied upon the good faith of this government in
carrying out the final policy of that compromise.
The southern States knew, at the time it was
passed, that the then Congress had no power, to
bind any future Congress not to repeal its act. But
they relied upon the solemn compact which invol-
ved a moral obligation on any party in power, as
binding as good faith could make it, that the con-
cession made by the South of a nine years' procras-
tination, would be repaid by a permanent system
prescribed by the very terms of compromise.
In commenting upon this topic, he reviewed the
conduct of the party in power, which had taken
advantage of a combination of circumstances to
force upon the country the tariff act of 1842—these
circumstances having been the result of political
causes, calculated with a view of producing the very
state of things which was to be urged as a suitable
occasion for resorting to the favorite panacea of that
party, for the cure of all political evils—a high pro-
tective tariff.
Reverting to the position now assumed on the
question of this policy by his colleague, [Mr. Ber-
rien,] Mr. C. read the resolutions of Georgia, pre-
sented by his colleague, and quoted several striking
passages from his speech on the occasion, contrast-
ing them with his speech of yesterday, and com-
menting on both at considerable length.
He next adverted to the taxing power given by
the constitution, and showed that, instead of its be-
ing an unlimited taxing power, as assumed by the
advocates of the protective policy, it was one ex-
pressly limited to the legitimate wants of the gov-
ernment, economically administered. He also ex-
amined the power of regulating commerce, given
by the constitution, to show that, instead of being
designed to favor particular interests, it was to con-
trol and regulate all the commercial interests of the
country, so as to prevent their jarring and clashing
■with each other, and to insure to all the most har-
monious action. Again, Mr. C. reverted to the tax-
ing power, and entered at large into the history of
that power. For the purpose of illustration he sup-
posed a case, in which the respective States retained
their taxing power, and each State simultaneously
adopted the act of 1842; and he asked what would
be the effect' Would Rhode Island and Massachu-
setts obtain revenue for the support of their govern-
ments from impost duties on the articles they them-
selves manufactured; or could they from the whole
act' Which States would raise the revenue? And
he asked, would not this test show which were the
States subject to the burden of taxation, and which
were the beneficiaries of it when the act became an
act of confederation?
Mr. C. read a speech delivered by his colleague
in 1831, in convention, strongly advocating free
trade principles; and contrasting the expressions of
that speech with those on the same subject used
by him [Mr. Berrien] yesterday. Mr. C. showed
that his colleague's inquiry as to the meaning of
free trade could have been most aptly answered by
quoting passages from his speech m 1831. His col-
league had said yesterday that the term free trade
was used for purposes of deception. Now if
if nothing but deception was intended by those who
used the term at present, the same rule applied to
those who used it in 1831; and if his colleague denied
that deception was intended by him in 1831, he was
thrown upon the 'dilemma of admitting that decep-
tion was'intended yesterday in attributing it to those
who now spoke of free trade as he himself had done
in 1831.
He illustrated the doctrine of the advocates of
protection, that the people can be heavily taxed for
their own benefit, by reducing the argument to the
proposition, that if the people will but contribute
their means to the filling of the pockets of the legis-
lative body, that body could, in spending the money,
make the poor rich; just as if the process was not
that of transferring money, by legislation, from the
pockets of one laborer into the pockets of another.
With respect to the boasted effect of former tariff
acts—that of having, at various periods, produced a
fall in the prices in protected articles—Mr. C. en-
tered into a history of improvements in machinery,
to show that, since the commencement of Ark-
wright's inventions, to the present day, the price of
goods has been coming down, just in proportion to
the improvements in machinery. This has been
particularly conspicuous in the improvements of
machinery since 1836, the fall in cotton goods hav-
ing been 50 per cent, in consequence of such im-
provements. Hence, if the advocates of the protect-
ive policy were to tell the truth, they would ac-
knowledge that, if prices have fallen, it has been in
spite of their protective tariff, and in consequence of
improvements in machinery.
Next, as to the argument of his colleague and the
chairman of the Finance Committee, that legisla-
tion can give the people the ability to consume; he
showed that it amounted to this—that a portion of
their means could be taken from them, and that
thereby their ability to purchase articles of con-
sumption would be increased ! The government
could have nothing to give but what it first took
from the people. But the true meaning of the
phrase "give ability to the people to consume,"
was, to take from the pockets of the whole people a
portion of their means, and bestow it upon a favor-
ed class, and thereby enable that class, with this
bounty, to become consumers. That was the
naked truth.
He next scrutinized the arguments in favor of
creating a home market, and illustrated them by
citing an anecdote to show that they were like the
argument used by a Yankee, who, travelling on a
certain road, observed a country grocery by the wap
side, with a sign over the door announcing the sale
of "cakes ana beer." The Yankee, desirous of
feasting himself, but finding he had not means to buy
both cakes and beer^ thought he would trust to his
wits; so he went in, and called for some cake,
which was handed to him. He then pretended to
change his mind, and called for some beer, which
he received, handing back the cake in exchange.
When he drank the beer, he was walking away;
but the landlord called out to him for the pay.
Why, (says the Yankee,) did I not give you the
cake for the beer? Yes, (says the landlord,) but
you did not pay for the cake. And why should I?
(said the Yankee.) Have you not got the cake?
This was precisely the way the manufacturers ar-
gued with the agriculturists about the home mar-
ket. They told them it was an equivalent for the
taxes thrown upon them for the protection of home
manufactures.
He next adverted to the doctrine of American in-
dependence—that the United States was to produce
everything, and become independent of all other na-
tions for their supplies; and he asked what was the
meaning of this independence? Was not this coun-
try already truly independent' Were not other na-
tions as dependent upon us as we were upon them
for articles of exchange' Was it meant that a wall
should be built up around this nation, to prohibit in-
tercourse with foreign nations? Would this be in-
dependence?
Mr. C. here showed the true policy of nations to
be consistent with that enlightenpd policy of com-
mercial intercourse which best promoted universal
civilization, peace, liberty, and happiness.
He contended that the tariff of 1842 was the
worst tariff ever imposed on the country. It had
been triumphantly boasted that this policy was to
be perpetuated on the country, and that the father of
the American system was to be made the President
of the Uni ted States in view of that perpetuation.
This, however, he firmly trusted and believed, the
country was not destined to endure. He had too
mueh confidence in the wisdom, prudence, and com-
mon sense of the American people, to doubt their
vindication of sound principles. -
Mr. CHOATE next obtained the floor, and inti-
mated his desire, as the hour was late, to pass over
the pending question.
The pending question was accordingly passed
over informally.
NAVAL DOCK-YARD AND DEPOT IN tHE
WEST.
The bill to establish a naval dock-yard and depot
on the Mississippi river was then taken up as in
committee of the. whole, the question pending being
on Mr. Breese's amendment of the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER addressed the Senate in explana-
tion of arguments brought forward when this ques-
tion was before under discussion, with a view of
showing that it very seldom happened that the chan-
nel of the Mississippi river was so low as seven
feet; and he also urged that the policy of building
large ships of war was superseded by that of MMk
ing Small {roll ships, which were found better eaf-
culated for Coast and harbor protection. He ar-
gued that the! average depth of the channel at
Memphis was nine feet; that no ships of war need
be built drawing more than thirteen feet; and that
they could easily, by meaws of the camels he al-
luded to the, other day, be buoyed over that depth,
and brought to the seaboard.
Mr. WALKER said this was a subject in which
the State of Mississippi felt a deep interest. Thes.
people of that State had been looking for some time
to the establishment of a naval depot on _ the
western waters; and they had hoped to obtain it at
Natchez. He confessed that he had been greatly
"surprised at some of the remarks made by his
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Foster,] in relation
to the depth of water in the Mississippi river; and.
he attributed them to the fact, that in arriving at his
home, that senator did not enter the Mississippi at
all, taking fbr convenience another route, which waa
up the Cumberland river to Nashville; and he was;
also surprised to hear him say that the depth of
water at Memphis, during the low stage of water,
was nine feet. Now he wished the Senate, to ob-
serve the fact; and if they would appoint officers
of the topographical corps or of the navy, to ascer-
tain by actual measurement the average depth of the
channel, he pledged himself to prove that it would
not average six feet.
He had himsslf repeatedly, in ascending and de-
scending the Mississippi, ascertained that it had but
five and a half feet below Memphis; and, in the year
1841, five feet. Could there be any doubt about
this fact' He thought he saw senators near him,
who were going to vote in favor of Memphis; and if
he was mistaken in relation to the depJ-h of the
water, there was one of these who had been ascend-
ing and descending the Mississippi for ten yeiys,
who could vouch for the fact that the depth of thtf
channel was frequently only five and a half feet,
and during part of one year five.
It was known, from tie gentleman who origina-
ted this matter—and his friend from Tennessee did
not doubt it—that these vessels of war were to draw
at least thirteen feet of water; and the smallest that
had yet been constructed drew fourteen feet. They
were to descend to a distance of more than a thou-
sand miles for the purpose of defending New Orleans
and the gulf. This they were to do over places
where there was but five and a half and five feet of
water. He asked the Senate to reflect upon this
matter before they proceeded to decide upon Mem-
phis as being a proper place for a naval depot. He
thought the absurdity of the proposition to locate
camels on the sandbars of the Mississtppi would be
apparent by a reference to the Navigator—a book
which was of great authority in the West, and
which demonstrated the fact, that between Mem-
phis and Natchez there were twenty-seven of these
sandbars—so that his friend from Tennessee must
have these twenty-seven camels located between
Memphis and Natchez, to enable Vessels drawing
thirteen feet to descend to New Orleans arid the gulf.
He had seen some curious bills_ passed through
this body; but if he were to see this bill pass, under
these circumstances, he should be very much sur-
prised. But his friend from Tennessee threw out
some suggestions about descending Lake Erie.
Mr. FOSTER, (from his seat.) No, sir: I did
not speak of descending Lake Erie. I spoke of
sending provisions and other military supplies from
the depot at Memphis, for the use of the soldiers
stationed on Lake Erie.
Mr. WALKER thought it would be very strange,
indeed, if they would send from Lake Erie to that
place for supplies of provisions which they could
get much nearer in Ohio. It might be that they
would do so, but he did not believe tjiey would.
He doubted whether a single bushel of corn, a bar-
rel of flour, or a pound of beef, had ever yet been
carried from Memphis to Lake Erie for sale.
In relation to Natchez, he affirmed in his place,
upon the floor of the Senate, that a comparison of
the bills of mortality, for many years past, would
demonstrate the fact, that in proportion to th 
population, taking the whole period of twelve
months, it was as healthy as Memphis. He would
state one other fact, which was, that for years past
they had had no yellow fever at Natchez; and an-
other fact still, that since the establishment of the
quarantine regulations of that place, while the yel-
low fever raged at Vicksburg, New Orleans, and
other parts on the Mississippi, there had been no
more yellow fever at Natchez than there has been
