500
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of late at Philadelphia, where it once prevailed (be-
fore !the establishment of a quarantine) with the
greatest mortality. At the point where they pro-
posed to establish a naval depot, half a mile above
the town of Natchez, there had never been one case
of yellow fever; and persons who had lived there
for many years could vouch for the fact. He
wished to have Natchez examined. He desired
that it should have a fair chance. He did not un-
justly condemn other points; but he wished this to
have a survey. Let it be ascertained by means of a
survey made by competent officers, whether it was,
or was not, a better point than Memphis. The sen-
ate should not take it for granted, even on the
opinion of his friend from Tennessee, (whom he had
no doubt was honest in his belief,) that Memphis
was a better point than Natchez. They should de-
cide after an examination which would speak for
itself.
At Memphis it was necessary to commence the
work by raising, at the expense of $30,000—the es-
timate of the senator from Tennessee, and it would
be much greater—a piece of flat ground six feet
high, for the purpose of getting a base for a navy-
yard. At Natchez there was a bank which nature
had made, and which was admirably fitted for this
purpose.. It was a bank twenty feet above high
water mark. It was not a bluff; but a firm and solid
embankment,without any levee, any rising of ground
whatever, strikingly adapted to the purpose. He
called the attention of the Senate to the fact that, at
this point, vessels from Liverpool, New York, Port-
land, Baltimore, and Boston, were arriving every
year. It was a port of entry. They shipped from
it, every year, about twelve thousand bales of cot-
ton. In return, they received commodities in ves-
sels fi'uv.i Liverpool, Boston, Baltimore, New York,
Phil.rdelpl iia, and other ports.
At the very period of low water, these vessels
fcame from Liverpool, and from various ports of the
United State* on the Atlantic. Here, then, was a
point which, whilst it was sufficiently remote from
.New Orleans not to be assailed by an enemy, had a
channel, at the lowest stage of water, as deep as
(hat which was found at the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, and without the disadvantages which could be
so seriously urged against any other internal port
«>  the Mississippi at a time of war. It was a point
ironj which vessels could be sent down to rsTew
Orleans in fifteen hours, and that at all seasons of
the vctir.
Was it, the intention of the Senate, without any
examination of Natchcz, or any point except Mem-
phis, to establish this depot at Memphis? He asked
senators to reflect upon this matter. He asked them
to dccidc justly, and for the benefit of the whole
country, and not for the benefit of a particular point,
or of individuals. If Memphis were a better point
than Natcliex, would not a survey demonstrate it5
Why was the senator from Tennessee so solicitous
to pi ess the claims of Memphis, without a survey,
if it was a better point'' Would they not all be de-
monstrated by a survey? Would not Memphis
•jtand as fair a chance as Natchez in that respect?
This question of choosing a point for the establish-
ment of a naval depot was a question in which the
whole West fell a dee]) interest; and it was one up-
on which depended the security of New Orleans
and the gulf. Was the Senate prepared to decide it
without investigating—without surveying—without
any knowledge upon the subject* It was his desire
that the establishment should be at a point where
the great purpose of defence could be best accom-
plished.
The Mississippi should be examined; and then
the senator from Tennessee could tell how many
camels it would require to take these vessels over
the sand-bars, and what would be the cost and ex-
pense, with other matters connected with this sub-
ject. All this could be ascertained by a survey; and
all that he asked was, that a survey should be made.
If, when it was made, it could be shown that Mem-
phis was a better point than Natchez, he pledged
himself to vote for it; but he was not willing that
Natchez should be condemned unheard.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had but a word to say on
this subject. It was, that the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river was undoubtedly a most vulnerable point,
easily assailed by steamships of war, and therefore
improper for the location of this navy-yard. He
was of opinion that the higher up the site was cho-
sen, the better. A survey and report had been
made by persons competent to judge; and they were
favorable to Memphis. He was willing to risk the
-Action of that place; for l>c beUcyed it was as good
as any other; and if the thing was to be delayed till
all could agree upon a selection where so many con-
tending interests were urged for a preference, he
feared there would be no western depot or navy-
yard at all.
Mr. BREESE urged the propriety of a further
survey, and of the examination of other points. He
called for the reading of the report of the Naval
Commitiee on the amendment proposed to the ori-
ginal bill.
Mr. BAYARD explained that the committee left
the matter for discussion. He would be glad to
present to the Senate the views of the committee; but
the hour was so late now, that he hoped the matter
would be passed over till to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate then
went into executive session, and soon after ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 10, 1844.
The wrinutes of yesterday were read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the business of the
morning hour to be the call of committees for re-
ports.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION OPINIONS OF MR.
CLAY.
Mr. W.J. BROWN rose, and desired permission
to make an explanation which he deemed personal
to himself.
Mr. WHITE hoped the gentleman from Indiana
would be allowed to explain; but if that gentleman
made any new charges, he hoped the same indul-
gence would be extended to him, (Mr. W.)
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL objected to any ''under-
standings" or bargainings.
Mr. WELLER also objected.
The SPEAKER (to Mr. White. Does the gen-
tleman object1'
Mr. WHITE replied that, with the understand-
ing which he had specified, he should not object.
Mr. HARDIN oWected.
Mr. W. J. BROWN moved a suspension of the
rules, to give him an opportunity to explain.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN said that it would be rec-
ollected by the House that, on the 25th of March,
whilst a resolution offered by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. J. P. Kennedy] was under consid-
eration, which resolution purported to be an extract
from a letter of Gen. Jackson to Dr. Coleman of
North Carolina, giving his views in relation to the
protective policy, he had moved to strike out that
resolution and insert the following, which purported
to be the sentiments of Mr. Clay, to wit:
That this House appiove of the sentiments of Henry Clay,
cvpreshed in his speech at the extra session of Congress,
1841, as follows: 'vCarrv out the principles of the compro-
mise act; look to revenue alone for the support of govern-
ment. Do not raise the question of protection, which I
hoped had been put to rest. There is no necessity for pro-
tection."
It will be seen that he did not pretend to give this
as the prccise language of Mr. Clay, but as contain-
ing his sentiments as delivered in a speech at the
extra session of Congress, 1841.
Upon the introduction of the amendment, and be-
fore the vote was taken, the gentleman from Ken-
tacky [Mr. White] came to his seat evidently un-
der much excitement, and stated in a positive, but
respectful manner, that no such sentiment or lan-
guage could be found in any declaration or speech
ever delivered by Mr. Clay either in or out of the
Capitol.
Mr. B. said he stated, at the time, that he had
copied the extract from the Ohio Statesman, and
that lie believed it contained the sentiments of Mr.
Clay, as he had expressed them in some speech de-
livered in the Senate during the last Congress.
That he immediately made diligent search therefor,
but at that time was unable to mid the extract; that
upon the next day—when, by the courtesy of the
House, he was permitted to make an explanation
which he conceived to be due to himself, as his
honor had been implicated, as he had been charged
with attributing language and sentiments to Mr.
Clay which that distinguished person had never ut-
tered or held—he then stated that, in good faith,
he had made the extract from a paper whose editor
he believed to be an honorable man and incapable
of misrepresenting any one; that he said upon that
occasion that he had nothing to take back, for he be-
lieved the extract, if not in the exact language, con-
tained sentiments oft-repeated by Mr. Clay. But
that no one who knew him would suppose he would
wilfully misrepresent Mr. Clay, or put language in
his mouth which he had never used, or attribute to
him sentiments he had never uttered; and that if,
upon thorough search, he was unable to find the lan-
guage, or sentiment, as an honorable man he felt
himself bound, at some future day, to declare to the
House and to the country that he had been misled
by the paper.
To this the gentleman from .Kentucky [Mr.
White] desired, by way of explanation, to reply,
declaring that he felt his persona] honor involved m
the controversy. Not wishing (said Mr. B.) to mis-
represent or misquote the gentleman, ,be would read
some extracts from his [Mr. White's] speech upon
that occasion, as reported in the National Intelli-
gencer:
Mr. White said he was more than thankful to the cour-
tesy of the House; and he was satisfied, when he had done,
that tfie House would conclude that he was not disposed to
abuse that courtesy. He had stated that ,he felt nis own
honor and character to be involved in this matter; and that
it was due to him that he should be allowed an opportunity
to make a personal explanation. It would be recollected (he
said) by the gentleman from Indiana and other gentlemen,
that w hen this resolution had yesterday been offered by that
gentleman, he (Mr. W) had gone to the Clerk's desk and
read it, and had then gone to the gentleman from Indiana
and stated—not behind his back, or in an offensive manner—
that he was mistaken m his authority for that being a decla-
ration of Mr. Clay. Not only to the gentleman from Indiana,,
but to many other gentlemen, Mr, W. had averred that Mr.
Clay had never, m any speech in his life, from the first day
that he had entered this hall to the last day of his service in
the other branch of Congress, uttered such a sentiment as
was alleged by the resolution of the gentleman from Indi-
ana. Although he had said this in the most emphatic and
unqualified manner, he had meant to impute to the gentle*
man from Indiana no want of honor, no crime of forgery.
Far from it. He had seen the same words that were quoted
in the gentleman's resolution contained in a newspaper: he
had compared it with the extract from the Columbus (Ohio)
"Statesman." The gentleman had, no doubt, been deceived
by the confidence that he had in a paper agreeing with him
in political sentiments. This was not the only extract in
that paper. There were various extracts containing the
pnrfciples, or the alleged principles, of Mr. Clay and of Mr.
Van Buren; and it was natural for the gentleman to have
supposed that, in this array of extracts, no suppression of
the truth, or suggestion oi falsehood had been made; and
thefcfore he imputed nothing improper to the gentleman
from Indiana.
But upon that solemn conviction which he felt, knowing
the man, he knew it was impossible in the nature of things,
in the truth of hi& character, in the consistency of his course
upon political subjects, that any such sentiment had ever
been uttered by him, and, if he was correctly quoted, that it
could not be found in extracts from any of his speeches or
writings. Now it devolved upon him (Mr. W.) to vindicate
his own truth and honor by proving fully, to the satisfaction
of all, the statement which he had made. The gentleman
Irom Indiana, while he vindicated himself by bringing to
view the circumstances under which he had offered fhis
resolution, still had not been willing to take his (Mr. W.'s)
averment that no such principle, that no such language
could be found m any of Mr. Clay's speeches in,18il, or at
any other time.
Mr. RATHBUN called Mr. W. to order, stating that he
was through his own matter, and wa& now going to Mr.
Clay.
Mr. WHITE replied that he could not vindicate himself
unless he showed the truth of the averment he had made.
If, having averred that no such sentiment could be found in
any speech of Mr Clay, lie failed to prove and satisfy the
House of it, how did he stand7 He stood condemned before
the House and before the country. This was the point of
honor and ot character to which he had risen, and how else
rould he go 011 and vindicate himself but by appealing to the
recoid? He had said on the first blush, on the first impulse
when the gentleman had offered this resolution, that it was
a falsehood that Mr. Clay had ever spoken or written any
such language7 Now what were the facts? What did this
resolution aver?
Mi. W. lead the amendment to the resolution of Mr. Kkn-
xk.m, yesterday offered by Mr. Brown, as follows: "That
this Houtti approve of the sentiments of Henry Clay, ex-
pressed m his speech at the extra session of Congress, 1841,
as follows: 'Carry out the principles of the compromise act;
look to revenue alone for the support of government. Do
not raise the question of protection, which I hoped had been
put to rest. There is no necessity for protection.' "
Now (Mr. W. continued) here was a specific allegation,
here was the date and the place. Now*he Ijad gone a great
deal luithcr, he had averred not only that at that time and
pfSce no such speech had ever been made by Mr. Clay, but
he had further averred that at no period of his life, before
or since, hud Mr. Claj e\er uttered such a sentiment.
Again the gentleman says:
Pie had said to the gentleman fi ora Indiana, what he now
repeated, that this was o forgery, and he had told the gen-
tleman that he could not establish it, but that he (Mr. W.)
could establish the contrary to be true. And the gentle-
man. no doubt, had been searching in Mr. Clay's speeches
with a keen, an eagle eye, for the very dectrine and words
contained in this resolution; and he predicted that he had
not found them, and that he never could find them. The
gentleman might add together words taken from different
sentences and make out this, but he had never, nor could
ever, find it in any continuous sentence or paragraph. Mr.
W. defied him to do it, in any speech delivered in Congress
or out of Congress.
Mr. B. said he would conclude by reading anoth-
er very emphatic extract from the gentleman's
speech:
