514
APPENbiX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
of the present day, since immorality, vice, disorder,
confusion, anarchy, and murder will everywhere
prevail, and our republic will be numbered among
the tilings that once were, but have now perished
forever.
With this dread spectacle before me, I was sin-
cerely rejoiced at the language of the honorable gen-
tleman opposite, and I am bound to consider them
sincere. Hence, sir, I have said that this was a
proud day for me, and it must be long remembered
jn the annals of our country. It has given birth to
jiew impulses; and they must, they ought, they
■will pervade the whole country. I think 1 see them
now flying on the wings of the wind to the remotest
sections, and paralyzing the contemptible exhibi-
tions which have been set on foot to lead cap-
tive the public mind at the coming election. Such
must be their inevitable tendency. The present
mode of electioneering must recede as morality ad-
vances, and vice versa. Gentlemen have well talked
against infidelity in theory, and their intentions will
be beyond all question when they cease to support
an infidel in practice for President. They have har-
xangued loudly against Fanny Wright; and, to place
themselves right before the public, they have only
now to use less exertions for the election of one
who, through all his life, has been putting m prac-
tice those principles of vice and immorality which
they charge her with inculcating.
SPEECH OF MR. DUNCAN,
OP OHIO.
Jn the. Howe of Representatives, May 0, 1844—On
the bill to reduce the duties on foreign importa-
tions.
Mr. Chairman: Before commencing upon the dis-
cussion of the bill, I desire to relieve the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,] who complained
thathespokeunder embarrassment, owing to the fact
that the Hottse was inattentive. The whigs were in
groups, glorying at the harmony which prevailed ut
the Baltimore whig convention, and rcjoicing at the
sure prospect of his party. The democrats were in
groups, lamenting over the division and confusion
■which would distract them at the convention which
is soon to be held in the same city, and the defeat
which must await them, owing to that disunion. I
liope, on the one hand, that the gentleman may not
■work himself into gloria hysteria, nor sympathetic
melancholy on the other. What does union of the
the whigs either argue or promise?
There was but one man before the whig conven-
tion as a candidate for the presidency. It argues
that there is but one man m the whig ranks, in
their own estimation, fit for President; or if there
is, such is the party drill, party vassalage, and sub-
missive cringing, that no one dare offer. Are there
dissensions among the democracy, and what are
they? They are as to men, and not as to measures
or principles. The fact that we have several candi-
dates, only shows that we have many distinguished
statesmen in our ranks, who are worthy of, and
qualified for, the presidency; and the only question
is, as to which one of the number shall be selected.
Messrs. Van Buren, Calhoun, Cass, Stewart, John-
son, Dodge, Buchanan, and Tyler—eight in num-
ber, and all before the public. I am a Van Buren
man; I am for Van Buren first; I am for Van Buren
second; I am for Van Buren last, until after the con-
vention, and then 1 am for the nominee of the con-
vention. Such will be the choice of every demo-
crat, when the convention shall say who the nom-
inee shall be. If he should not be my choice now,
lie will be my choice then. What assurance does di-
vision in the democratic ranks give the whigs of suc-
c< ss?
In 1836, a much wider gulf separated the demo-
crats than now divides them. Such was the divi-
sion that two democratic candidates were run. Mr.
Van Buren was the regular nominee. Judge White
was run in the South; and, in order to divide the
democracy still more, Daniel Webster was run in
the East, and General Harrison was run in the
West; but Kinderhook distanced the whole concern;
and he can do so again. So can any candidate who
may be the nominee of the Baltimore convention.
A,Tain I say, the democracy will unite upon the
convention's nominee. The nominee will be the
•candidate of the party. If that should be Van Bu-
ren, good; if the distinguished and favorite, son of
the'South, (John C. Calhoun,) good; if the learn-
ed, talented, and distinguished diplomatist, (Gen-
«.,■;,| Cass,) good; if either of the old war-worn
horses, (Col. Johnson or Gen. Dodge,) good; with
either of them we can ride over whigery rough-shod;
if Old Ironsides, (Com. Stewart,) good; he whipped
two British frigates at a lick, and he can run down
any two British-bank whigs that can be started; if
it should be the favorite son of Pennsylvania,
(James Buchanan,) good; if it should be honest
John Tyler, not so good; but with him, with the en-
dorsement of a democratic convention, we can shake
whigery to fragments..
There, is an outward show of confidence of suc-
cess displayed by the federalists, but it is all out-
side. No man who is acquainted with human na-
ture, and with the character and relative strength
of, as well as the principles which . govern,
the two parlies in this country, can speak or
think with confidence that the whig ticket can suc-
ceed in the coming contest. Mr. Clay has been a
standing candidate for the presidency, either direct-
ly or indirectly, for twenty-four years.
In 1824 he was a candidate directly, and was ve-
toed by the people. In 1828 he was identified with
Mr. Adams, and all his influence united with that of
Mr..Adams with reference to his future success.
He and Mr. Adams were both vetoed by the peo-
ple. In 1832 he was a candidate, and with all the
influence which Mr. Adams could bring to his sup-
port, was vetoed by the people. In 1830 he was a
candidate, but the people shoved him overboard. In
1840 he was a candidate, but the people again
pushed him aside, or, as he and his friends said,
postponed his claims. Not only has Mr. Clay been ve-
toed thus often, buthis favorite measures and princi-
ples have been rejected and denounced as often as he
lias been vetoed; and yet he has again forced himself
upon the American people, with all his sins of com-
mission and omission upon his head; over, and over,
and over, have the American people repudiated his
whole system of national policy, viz: a national
bank, a high' protective tariff, extravagant internal
improvements, assumption of the State debts, dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the public, lands, and the
bankrupt law; and yet this jaded, withered, haggard,
ring-boned, spavined and swaned seventy-years old
nag is again put upon the turf, with all his political
iniquities upon his head, sticking to his skirts, and
covering lus entire carcass—a perfect wreck of ambi-
tion, collapsed, withered, and shattered with the
chill blasts of seventy winters, and sunk into despe-
ration by continued disappointment.
Why, sir, it is an insult to the American intelli-
gence. Who are they who have thus favored
this man's boundless, but hopeless ambition, and
who have forsed him as a candidate upon the Ame-
rican people? Sir, we have had a specimen of them
here for the last few days. Who are they? I have
made it my business to examine them with some
scrutiny; and an introduction to many gave me an
opportunity to indulge my curiosity. I can safely
say that I have not met a hard hand, nor have I
faced a brow that appeared to have ever sweat for
bread. " Soft hands, gold spectacles, gold mounted
canes, gold breast pins, gold watches, gold guards,
gold pencils, ruffled shirts, and silk gloves, were the
external characteristics of every delegate to the federal
convention that I have seen. I do not know what
their business or professions may be; but I know they
are not workingmen. I know they neither follow
the plough, hammer the anvil, push the plane, nor
drive the shuttle. They arc the rcpresentativ es of
banks and bankeis, manufacturers and loafers; and
not of the American industry, not of farmers and
mechanics, on whom the support and defence of
the government, in peace and in war, must, depend.
The people in 1840 were represented in the Whig
convention by the same character of men, who, by
solemn promises, which they had neither the ability
nor inclination to fulfil, with the aid of shows, impos-
ing assemblies, music, songs, coons and hard cider
carousals, succeeded in gulling a majority of the
American people. A part of these tricks are again
to be attempted; but it will be "no go."
Ml. Dun-can held up an armful of ragged whig
songs and coon ballads—worn out m the service.
These (said he) were a part of the, worthy means by
which the whigs succeeded in 1840.1 have not time to
read any of these icise productions. It is sufficient to say
that the whigs came into power singing "Tippecanoe
and Tyler too." For their especial accommodation
I have called upon my poet, and obtained a song to
which they can march out of power on the 4th of
March next. I have prefixed a tune which not only
fills the rhyme, but will be appropos to the occasion.
1 will ask the Clerk to read it, and will ask liini to
control the risible muscles of his face suitable to
the solemnity of the occasion. The Clerk read:
Tone—"'Row, brothers, row, or Canadian Boat Song."
Sadly we list to our funeral chime,
Horrible ontin our tune and time,
But when the star of the West grows dim,
We'll sing at the "jug" a parting hymn:
llow brothers, row; the stream runs deep-
Wake up, Webster; you're fast asleep!
Steady, our shallop is homeward bound;
Hoarsely the ripple is murmuring round—
Listun! our fugleman raises the song,
And its burden is. "Josey, oh Jim along."
Bow brothers, row; the stream runs last,
Salt river is gained, and our glory's past.
Our money is gone, and our bills are due;
Credit, dear! Credit, desr! Where are you?
Loafers and pipers, no more we'll dine
On bacon boiled in Falernian wine.
Row brothers, row; the stream runs fast,
The glory of cider and sin is past.
Swiftly we near the arid shore,
Pulling and tugging the heavy oar,
Sadly we sit on oui tlircad-baic cloth,
Fishing for meat in our coonslvin broth.
Row brothers, row; the stream runs swift;
Rouse up, llairy.and give us a lift:
Merry we've been in days gone by,
Pleasure has beamed from our lordly eye,
But now the autumn of joy is come,
Our sentence is passed, and we succumb.
Rest brothers, rest; the distance's past,
Salt river is gained and we are fa&t.
Here, where the carrion bu77ard flies,
Picking out famine's insatiate eyes,
We'll eat our shadows, and blow away,
Like mist from a mountain tall and gray.
lliebrothers, die; our day is past;
Salt river murmurs oilr dirge at last.
But, sir, it is now time that 1 should talk to the
bill. The numbor of points, questions, measures,
and principles, which the, tariff policy involves,
makes it a complicated subject; and he who attempts
to discuss it in the time allotted by the rules of this
House will find himself driven from point to point
and measure to measure, with great brevity and
rapidity. On a former occasion, I set forth that a
national bank, a high protective tariff, distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands, assumption of
the State debts, an extravagant system of internal
improvements, and a general bankrupt law, have
ever been darling objects and favorite measures
with the federal party. All our presidential elec-
tions have turned upon those questions, openly and
avowedly, except in 1840, and then they were a
secret object with the whigs, and so we charged—
but it was denied, no principles were avowed by
the whigs; still we charged it upon them, and
presed the charge, that it was their object to fix
upon the country all their odious federal measures.
On the subject of a national bank, we pressed them
so hard that they were obliged to put forth one of
their leaders in a public denial: here it is. It is a
letter, authorized to be published by Thomas Ewing
of Ohio, a man high in the confidence of the federal
party, and one who not only speaks for himself, but
for thousands of others of his party. Here is his
letter. It was published in the Marietta Intelligen-
cer, a federal paper, and its authenticity will not be
denied: *
(From the Marietta Intelligence,, Wing, of July SO, 1840.)
("Good contemporary authority.]
Laxcasiefi, July 18th, 1840.
My dear sir:—On my arrival from Columbus this evening,
I received your letter informing me that it was asserted at
a public meeting in Washington county, that, in a speech at
Philadelphia, 1 hud said the true question between the parties
was a bank of the United States, and that you, from a knowl-
edge of the real question, and of me. had contradicted the as-
sertion. In this, of course, > ou were peiiectly safe. J made
no such statement, but the very contrary. I avo\* ed that the
true question was, and is, the restriction or extension of
executive power, that its encroachments, open and
covert, were of the most alarming nature, and il not resist-
ed must end m the s-ubvcibion of all that is valued in the
republican principles of our government, and that a gor-
geous monarchy in eflect, if not in name, must rise of its
ruins. I said that our opponents weie attempting to make
the question of a bank the i-,sue between the parties, f
spoke of the impudence and absurdity oi the attempt; that
a bank was not, and never had be en, considered by us as any
thing more than a meic matter of comenience—a useful
article of furniture in our noble edifice, that our oppo-
nents were gravely raising and debating the question
whether this article oi furniture was convenient or iieces-
saiy—whether v e should have a toble or a settee standing
m our halls—while their sappers and miners were at w oik
tumbling its walls and columns about our ears. This, w ith
amplication and illustration, U thu substance of what I
said touching that paiticular subject \ on pereeh e, there-
fore, that you did not mistake my opinions or my language.
Your smceic friend,
T. Kvriya.
L. D B r«, esq.
But in order more effectually to gull the unsus-
pecting:, this banner was hoisted, displayed, and
paraded in the hard-cider cavalcades—and many a
mile did Mr. Ewmg mark time under it to the tune
of Rosin the Bow.
