£OftGfi£SS!QNM<
M
"Now here Mr. W. had showed to "the House three very
different speeches delivered, by Mr. Clay on the tariff in
1841, (and they were the only speeches he did deliver.) .
And gentlemen found in every speech upon that occasion
Mr. Clay had uniformly—uniformly contended for and reit-
erated thy same doctrine as Mr. W. had averred he had al-
ways entertained. In every speech he had directly in lan-
guage and sentiment repudiated—ay, repudiated the forgery
Mr. W. held in his hand. (viz. the extract quoted in the' res-
olution of Mr. Brown.) Mr. Clay had never made use of
such a sentiment orlanguage; never, kkvek 1
Now, said Mr. B. let us recapitulate. "What does
the gentleman aver? "That Mr. Clay had never, in
any speech in his life, from the first day he entered
this hall to the last day of his service in the other
branch of Congress, uttered such a sentiment as was
alleged in the resolution of the gentleman from In-
diana." Again: he says, "That upon solemn con-
viction which he felt, knowing the man, (Mr. Clay,)
he knew it was impossible in the nature of things,
in the truth of his character, in the consistency of
his course upon political subjects, that any such
sentiment had ever been uttered by him." And
again: he says "Nowit devofved upon him (Mr. W.)
to vindicate his own truth and honor by proving fully,
to the satisfaction of all, the statement which he had
made." What statement' Why, sir, that Mr. Clay
had 1lever, upon any occasion, given utterance to the
sentiment attributed to him in the extract. So much
for the argument of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Now, sir, how stands the case? Upon the one hand,
he (Mr. B.) had declared that Mr. Clay had used the
sentiments; upon the other, the member from Ken-
tucky [Mr. White] had avered that Mr. Clay had
"used no such language, and uttered no such senti-
ment." In this dilemma, Mr. B. felt himself bound
to prove the truth of his allegation; or, on failure, to
admit, with mortification, that he had been deceived.
For the purpose of sustaining the declaration then
made, and of vindicating himself from the charges
made by the whig press of attributing language to
Mr. Clay, which he had never uttered, he had now
risen to trespass upon the time and beg the indul-
gence of the House. After much labor and diligent
research, he finds that upon the 21st day of Janu-
ary, 1842, in the United States Senate, Mr. Clay
made the following remarks—the treasury note bill
then being under consideration; and lest he should
be accused of garbling, he would give the entire
speech as it stands reported in the National Intelli-
gencer.
Here Mr. Brown requested the Clerk to read the
following speech:
ON TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Speech of*Mr. Clay, in Senate, Friday, January 21,
1842.—National Intelligencer of that date, part 1,
1842, in library of the House.
Mr. Clay replied to Mr. Woodbury, and asked, what did
the honorable senator do when at the head of the Treasury
Departroent! His policy seemed to have changed. In point
of fact, we had been going on with an excess of expendi-
ture over our receipts for tour years. Treasury notes had
been issued for four successive years. They had been
thrown from one year into another; and they were thrown
over by the last administration into this administration, and
for this administration to redeem. The notes now below
par, and which we are called upon (said Mr. Clay) to re-
deem, are the treasury notes of the preceding administra-
tion; and until the senator from New Hampshire brings up
his own paper to par, from its present depreciation, let him
be less solicitous about the treasury notes to be issued by
the present administration.
But whence this new-born zeal (said Mr. Clay) in regard
to taxation? It was, he admitted, scandalous that this gov-
ernment should have gone on for four years past, and was
going on now, by the expenditure of more than was re-
ceived. Taxation, he knew, and had before said, was the
remedy for this. Carry out, then, said he, the spii it of the
compromise act. Look to revenue alone for the sttpport of gov-
ernment. Bo not raise the question of protection—which (said
the senator from Kentucky) I had hoped had been put to rest.
There is no necessity of protection, for protection. But what,
asked Mr. C., was the course of my honorable friend from
New Hampshire, (for I heartily reciprocate the friendship
he professed for me the other day,) when we had a tax bill
under consideration? "Where was lie then1 Did he vote
for the tax bill before us ? Did he not rather choose to sip
hia tea and coffe a little longer, and to withhold the tax
from those luxuries' And will he now (centinued Mr. C.)
consent to tax these articles'' If he will, I go along with
him, heart and hand.
The senator talks of the public lands as though they were
thrown away. Did not the States receive them' Did not
the people have the benefit of them'' But why, he asked,
this covert attack upon the land bill, when another bill is
under consideration? We will meet you openly and fairly,
(said Mr. Clay,) when this question comes before the Sen-
ate. It -would be remembered that when the honorable
gentleman [Mr. Woodbuhy] sat atthe other end of the ave-
nue, begging and lamenting ov^ the necessities of the gov-
ernment, he recommended (and twice in one session of
Congress) the issue of tfeaftry notes. Did we make any
opposition to them? No. even though opposed to them in
principle, we submitted to them; and now he would say,
en passant, that he was opposed to the whale system of issu-
ing treasury notes, and that he could not vote for this bill,
unless his vote was necessary to save it. But how was it
with the senator from New Hampshire? Notwithstanding
he had worked like a beaver, (laughter,) session afterses-
sion, to procure the passage of treasury notes, he was now
found, even when the country was suffering, embarrassing
the passage of this bill."
Now, (said Mr. B.,) the words attributed to Mr.
Clay in the amendment are ithese: "Carry out the
principles of the compromise act. Look to revenue
alone for the support of government. Do not raise the
question of protection; which I hoped had been put to
rest. There is no necessity for protection." And the
words used in the speech are these: "Carry out (said
he) the ynrit of the compromise act. Look to revenue
alone for the support of government. Do not raise the
question of protection—which (said the senator from Ken-
tucky) I had hoped had been put to rest. There is no
necessity of protection, for protection." Here, said he,
they stand side by side, with the language almost
the same, and certainly the ideas conveyed are iden-
tical. If he had seen the National Intelligencer be-
fore offering the amendment, he would have copied
it verbatim from that paper, because all that is con-
tained in the one can be found in the other, the
greater part of it being word for word and syllable
for syllable.. "Carry out the spirit of the compro-
mise act," said Mr. Clay. Now, where is the dif-
ference between carrying out the "spirit" and the
"principles" of that act, as he (Mr. B.) had it in his
quotation? "Look to revenue alone for the support
of government," occurs in both extracts. "What
does Mr. Clay mean by this declaration, unless it
be that, in framing a tariff bill, you should look to
revenue alone? This is all that the most zeal-
ous opponent of the protective policy ever con-
tended for. Even the ultra advocates of the doc-
trine of free trade ask for no more. "Do not raise
the question of protection—which I had hoped
had been put to rest." A correct quotation
from both. What Mr. Clay mean by saying that
he "hoped the question of protection had been put
to rest'" The only inference that can be drawn
from the declaration is, that, like the sentiment ut-
tered by his friend and compeer, Daniel Webster,
when, in old Faneuil Hall herself, the cradle of
American liberty, he declared that the "national bank
was now an obsolete idea." So Mr. Clay could but
have meant that protection was but an "obsolete
idea," a humbug that had had its day, and, like all
other humbugs, died—"had been put to rest." The
last clause of the quotation avers that there "is no
necessity of protection, for protection." Where is
the difference between the two—"no necessity of pro-
tection," and "no necessity of protection, far protec-
tion ? " None whatever; the words "for protection"
being mere tautology, conveying no separate thought.
What is the idea sought to be conveyed here, unless
it be that a tariff law, framed with a view to "reve-
nue alone," will of itself afford a sufficient protection
to all manufacturers—to American industry?
Having said this much, Mr. B. said he would
leave it to the House and to the country to decide
whether he had not sustained his declarations rela-
tive to Mr. Clay having used the sentiments entire,
and almost tlie very words which he had attributed
to him; and whether a "forgery" had been commit-
ted, as alleged by the gentleman from Kentucky.
He did not wish to be understood as in the least im-
plicating the honor or the veracity of that honorable
member; it only went to show that he had been mis-
taken as to the sentiments uttered by his friend.
Mr. B. stated that he did not, by any means, vouch
for this extract being an expression of the honest
sentiments of Mr. Clay's heart, but had no doubt
that it was a mere gull trap, like his Bronson and
Merriwether letters, designed to delude the oppo-
nents of the protective policy in the South, and flatter
them into his support for the presidency in 1844,
whilst his friends in the North could read his thou-
sand declarations in favor of what he so often termed
his "darling child"—the American systpm. Nor is
his vacillation alone confined to this question; but it
can be shown by his own speeches that he has been
for and against almost every great question which
has agitated the people for the last thirty years: at
one tixne the bold and determined enemy of a nation-
al ba;ik, at another its friend and feed attorney, and
advocate: tipon the floor of the Senate, once eulo-
gizing masonry; again, declaring that it was for the
mere gratification of an idle curiosity that he became
a member of that fraternity: a political weather-
«ock, veering to all points of the compass in order to
fill his sail with the popular breeze that might, per-
chance, waft him into the presidency.
Mr. B. thanked the House for their courtesy in
permitting him to make, these remarks, which he
deemed personal to himself. :
Mr. Brown said, in conclusion, that he hoped
those papers that had published a notice of the trans-
actions of the B-ouse on the introduction of his
amendment, would now, as an act of justice to him,
publish these remarks. The facts were now before
the country, and he was willing the country should
judge.
Mr. WHITE rose, and said he would thank the
gentleman from Indiana to send him the papers
from which he had read.
Mr. BROWN complied.
The SPEAKER observed, that if the gentleman
from Kentucky proposed to address the House, it
would require general consent.
Mr. WHITE said he submitted it to the House
whether he was not entitled to have an opportunity
of replying to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called for the orders of
the day. He had several reports to make relating
to important matters, and he hoped the time was not
to be consumed by a debate wholly irrelevant to the
business before the House.
Mr. WHITE repeated that he thought it but an
act of justice that was done to himself that the
House should permit him to reply to the gentleman,
after what had been said.
Mr. J. THOMPSON said he hoped the gentle-
man from Kentucky would be allowed to make an
explanation.
Jjtfr. WHITE moved that the rules be suspended
to allow him to make an explanation in reply to the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. MILTON BROWN called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted thus—yeas 128, nays 34.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. WHITE said he was very thankful for Sire;
courtesy extended to him by a majority of the
House, in allowing liim to make an explanation.
He intended to confine himself to the points in is-
sue; and he must be permitted to say to the gcntle-
tleman from Indiana that, in presenting this subject
this morning, he had treated him with much discour-
tesy. The gentleman had pondered over the con-
troversy between them for some days, and had been
collecting evidence to establish not only his own
vindication, but, as the gentleman seemed to sup-
pose, his (Mr. W.'s) condemnation. He could
tell the gentleman, and the House, and the world,
that, on all occasions where veracity and honor were
concerned, he was always armed and ready to vin-
dicate himself from all assaults, let them come from
what source th«y might; and, on this occasion, he
was not only ready to vindicate himself as a man of
truth, but he would leave the gentleman in such a
position as his worst enemy would scarcely desire,
for him. He would reiterate .every word, every
line, every syllable, that he had repeated on a former
day in relation to this controversy. He repeated,
that the words used m the resolution were fictitious;
and this he would prove by the very record which:
the gentleman had produced.
Now, with all these admonitions to the gentle-
man—with all this time for examination, we find
him (said Mr. W.) rising this morning, and de-
liberately presenting the same resolution that he
presented on a former oceaaioM. He would not say-
that the gentleman from Indiana had been governed
in this matter by any intention to commit forgery or
falsehood; it only showed the extent to which party
zeal and party madness could be carried, or that it
had resulted from obtuscness of intellect; one or the
other of these conclusions was inevitable. Let him
ca,il the attention of the House to the record, to see
how the fact stood. For his part, he never had
wanted to see the record, or any speech of Mr.
Clay, to pronounce upon the authenticity of such a.
paper as this was. He was so well acquainted with
the history of Mr. Clay's whole political life, that he
was prepared at once, without reference to the-
record, to pronounce the extract quoted in the reso-
lution to be a forgery. Now, what was the language
of the resolution? It was that this House approve
of the sentiments of Henry Clay expressed in his
speech at the extra session of Congress of 1841, as
follows:
Carry out the principles of the compromise act; look to
revenue alone for the support of the go\ ernment. Dp not
raise the question of protection, which 1 bad hoped had
been put to rest. There is no necessity for protection.
That was the resolution. Now, where was the.
forgery? The gentleman said that the resolution
