IV] ay, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
"no national bank.
Notwithstanding all these declarations and de-
monstrations, Mr. Ewing, who was appointed Sec-
retary of the Treasury by General Harrison, re-
signed his situation because John Tyler vetoed the
bill to incorporate a United States Bank. What
base falsehood, what hypocrisy, and what treach-
ery! Their reward must be perpetual public in-
famy, and universal contempt, as long as virtue and
truth shall have a place above falsehood and crime.
I have said that the denial of federal principles
and measures was general: so it was; but in cer-
tain States and certain sections of th'e country,
certain federal measures were advocated, while they
were hypocritically repudiated in others. I will
make an assertion, and 1 hope, if it be not true, that
some member from Kentucky will contradict it.
My assertion is this: General Harrison ran in Ken-
tucky on the bank question, and it was expressly
understood by all, far and wide in that State, that
if the federalists should succeed, a national bank
was to have been established. Any Kentucky
whig to deny this assertion? [A pause.] None. Gen.
Harrison was run in Virginia because it was said
that he was opposed to a national bank; and such
was the public declaration. Any member from
Virgiaia who dare deny this assertion? [A pause.]
None. General Harrison was sustained in the
northeastern States by many of the abolition-
ists, because he would favor the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia, and the slave trade be-
tween the States. But he was sustained in the
slave States because he would oppose abolitionism
in all its modern shapes and forms. Any man here
from either the free or slave, States to contradict
this assertion? [A pause.] None. Such were
the base means used to deceive the people and over-
throw the democracy. Surely such base meass
will recoil upon the heads of those by whose guilt
they were devised and practised, if truth, virtue, and
justice have not lost their rewards.
But, sir, before I progress to discuss the merits of
this bill, I must lay down briefly some first princi-
ples of which we should never lose sight, wheth-
er in public or private life; and without a strict ob-
servance of which our free institutions are every mo-
ment exposed to ruin and to overthrow, our States
to colonial vassalage, and our personal liberty to
subversion. A people wise and watchful of their
interests, and possessed of that jealousy by which
liberty is to be maintained—as well from domestic
ambition and selfish designs as from foreign power
and foreign influence—will never lose sight of those
principles which mark the lines which separate the
power of the government from the liberty of the
people. It is the nature of power to augment itself
and to increase its prerogatives. A11 the revolutions
we hear and read of are but human efforts to pros-
trate and abolish assumed prerogatives and arrogated
powers in governments, when oppressions have
become so great as to be intolerable. Such will be the
ease as long as the love of liberty will hold a place in
the human heart.
The object of political association is human safe-
ty. In a state of nature, all persons are equal, and
all persons are free, as to natural rights and natural
freedom. All governments are made up of surren-
ders of those natural rights, which all enjoyed, un-
restrained. In the formation of government, there is
a tacit, or implied, or express surrender of a por-
tion of natural rights, to the end that the balance
may be secured from the violence of the strong and
unprincipled. However simple and ignorant a
people may be of the qualities and purposes of gov-
ernment, surrenders for that purpose are made with
caution and jealousy. Government is, therefore, a
contract, or compact, growing out of ail agreement
with and between the people themselves who associate
for that purpose. We are left in the dark as to the
means by which the boundaries and limits of the
various governments were secured prior to the in-
vention of written constutions. One thing we are
certain of; and that is, that all governments were
originally free, and all originally democratic or re-
publican; and that no more of natural lights were
surrendered, than u-hat were merely sufficient to
answer the purposes for which the government was
created. Another thing we are certain of; that is,
that the choice of those on whom the powers of gov-
erning were conferred, was received to the people,
and the right to exercise that choice periodically de-
fined in the contract. Another th.ng we are certain
of; and that is, that no distinctions or orders of
society were created in the beginning. Whatever
governments have been formed since the invention
of paper, and the art of writing and printing
has been discovered, the limitations of governments
have been defined in constitutions. All govern-
ments, whether defined by oral agreements or writ-
ten constitutions, are governments of limitation;
and whether the .limitations are expressed in a writ-
ten constitution, or oral agreement, or preserved and
perpetuated by tradition, any deviation from the
original contract, or exercise of power not expressed
in the compact, is a usurpation of power, and an
infraction upon the principles, purposes, and objects
of the government itself; and if that infraction or ex-
ercise of unsurrendered powers be to any great ex-
tent, or such as to endanger the reserved liberties of
the people, it is good cause of dissolution of the gov-
ernment; and it is a duty that every citizen owes to
himself, to his country, and to the liberties of those
who are to come after him, to correct the evil, in
some way; either by a repeal of the usurped pow-
ers, or, if nothing else will do, a dissolution of the
fovernment. "Liberty or no government," should
e the motto of every patriot.
Such, sir, would be the action of every politi-
cal association for violent and notorious infrac-
tions of governmental powers; but such is rarely the
fact. The general mode or plan selected by corrupt
politicians is to make gradual and creeping innova-
tions, such as the mass of unsuspecting people are
not awake to; and such have been the means by
which all free governments have been overthrown.
■ In addition to the plan of gradually innevating
upon the reserved rights of the people, by stealthily
augmenting the powers of the government, the plan
of indirect bribery has generally been superadded.
So it was that Philip was enabled to subdue some
of the States of Greece, which neither his skill, his
arms, nor his soldiers, though flushed with victory,
could do. So it was thatHanno was able to corrupt
the Senate of Carthage, and blunt the ardor and pa-
triotism of the people, in his opposition to Hannibal,
at a time when he was shaking the Roman empire;
and at a time, too, when the glory of Carthage may
be said to have sat on the brow of Hannibal.
So it was with the Persians, when the physical
power of their vast empire had failed to conquer
any one of the small and feeble, though patriotic
States of Greece. The pockets of the corrupt politi-
cians, demagogues, and orators, were filled with
Persian gold; which did what the Persian arms in
the hands of millions could not do.
So it was when the government of the republic of
Rome fell into the hands of corrupt political aspi-
rants: the public crib was thrown open, through pre-
tended motives of patriotism and humanity, but
with the real motives of bribery; the people incau-
tiously nibbled at the bait; but one step more was
necessary to overthrow the liberties of the people
and demolish the republic itself. The public grana-
ries being exhausted, and the people's tastes being
corrupted, they threw themselves in market to the
highest bidder; a purchaser was soon found, and a
bargain consummated. So went the republic of
Rome. So went her free institutions; so went the
liberties of thepeople. But to return to the limit-
ations of government. At the conclusion of our
glorious revolution, and when our colonial emanci-
pation was consummated, and our independence was
acknowledged, the next political plan of operation
was to secure that independence. To that end, but
one plan suggested itself—and that was a confeder-
ation of the colonies under the new name of States,
for national defence A convention of represent-
atives or delegates from all the States was held; and
the object of the convention declared that ot ject
was national defence. Yes, sir, the object was de-
clared in two words—they were "national defence."
And for that purpose a new and independ-
ent government must be formed; and that
government to be called the federal gov-
ernment, for national defence. And of what was
this federal government to be formed? Of what ma-
terials were its governing attributes to be composed,
and from what source were they to be drawn? The
convention had no power to manufacture govern-
ment materials. That was and is an attribute of
the Almighty. AVhere, I ask again, were the ma-
terials to come from out of which the federal gov-
ernment was to be formed? There was but one an-
swer, and but one source from which they were to
be drawn, and that was from the States. The States
voluntarily surrendered nil the powers which the
federal government possesses. And it was with the
States, m the formation of the federal government,
as it ever has been, and ever will be, with the peo-
ple in a state of nature, when they associate them-
selves for the purpose of political government: that
is, surrenders were made with extreme caution an
jealousy. No mire powers were surrendered thun
w'mt was indispei sably necessary to secure the ob-
ject which the frimers of the government had in
view, viz: national defence. And, to the end that
there might be no mistake—to the end that the
States might be secure -forever in their reserved
rights, and that no innovation should be attempted
by involuntary misconception or wilfal violence,—
the powers so surrendered and so granted were ex-
pressed in a written constitution; and, in order that
the constitution should be the better understood,
and the powers so surrendered and so granted de-
fined and limited, it was divided into articles, and
each article into sections, and each section into sen-
tences, and each sentence into words, defining pre-
cisely what the contracting parties meant on the one
handf to surrender, and on the other what was to be
granted, as well as the precise object to be accom-
plished.
Not satisfied with all this caution, but fearing that
an attempt might be made to construe that constitu-
tion to mean what its framers did not intend, in or-
der to cut off all constructive powers, and to confine
the exercise of federal powers within the letter of
the constitution, they introduced a section, and
made it a part of the constitution, securing, in ex-
press terms, to the States, and to ths people, all
powers not thereby granted, and consequently
thereby withholding from the federal government
the exercise of any and all powers not thereby ex-
pressly granted. But so jealous were the framers
of the constitution of the rights of the sovereignty
and the independence of the States, and of the liber-
ty of the people, that even all those restrictions
were deemed insufficient. They therefore made it
a part of the compact, that all officers, either of the
federal or State governments, should exercise no of-
ficial functions, without first appearing at the throne
of eternal responsibility, and there binding himself,
by solemn oath, ill the presence of his Maker, that
he would maintain that constitution.
This, sir, is the constitution, and these were the
means adopted for its security; these the means to
limit the federal government in its exercise of pow-
ers, and these the means to secure the States iB the
everlasting and unmolested enjoyment of their re-
served sovereignty and independence.
The question now properly comes up, what pow-
ers did the States surrender, and what grants were
made to the federal government? The answer is
contained in the federal constitution, and the powers
specified and numbered, all corresponding with each
other, and all corresponding with the object for
which the government was formed, viz: national
defence; and no power is expressed except what
was and is necessary for that purpose.
Another question naturally arises, What is the
extent of powers which the general government can
exercise to carry out the grants thus bestowed? I
answer again, whatever may be necessary to
accomplish the objects of its creation—viz: national
defence; and all the grants which were made were
necessary for that purpose, and all that were neces-
sary for that purpose were made. Here, sir, permit
me to enter my protest gainst the power of consti-
tutional construction. I do so because we hear
statesmen every day attempting to construe the con-
' stitution—supplying the constitution thereby, or
rather the federal government, with powers which
the framers of the constitution never intended should
be exercised, and such as never were intended to be
surrendered hy the States or the people. I deny the
power and the right to construe the federal consti-
tution. In specifying the powers of the federal gov-
ernment, the framers of the constitution said what
they meant, and meant what they said. They said
all they meant, and meant ail tliey said. I repeat,
that I deny the right to construe a constitution. A
law may be construed, but a constitution cannot. If
a law be unintelligible, or its meaning difficult to
understand, it is proper to examine the preamble to
ascertain its meaning, or the intention of the legisla-
ture or law-making power; or the history of the
time or times of the passage of the law may be re-
ferred to for the purpose of ascertaining the particu-
lar evil the law-making power intended to remedy:
all this is proper in the construction of a law, and is
incidental'to the power ond necessity to construe;
but the moment von admit that a constitution may
be construed, you.admit that it. is no constitution. A
constitution is an instrument, or the evidence of a
limited agreement, which would lose all its qualities?
