May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
28th Cosg 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Heps.
and political powers to the federal government, that
properly and constitutionally belong to the States. I
am opposed to the assumption of the State debts, be-
cause it would cost more than fifty per cent, for the
general government to manage the trust of settle-
ment, than for the States to do it themselves; all of
which, principal, interest, and costs of management,
must come out of the people. It is unnecessary fot
me to tell an intelligent community that the general
government is not the owner of a dollar but what
is drawn from the people in the form of either direct
or indirect taxation. Assumption of the State debts
is "but a link of the chain of federal measures; and,
I repeat, is introduced to make a high tariff necessary.
I regret that my time and the limits of a speech will
not permit me to do more than pay a passing notice
to those measures. While on the subject of the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands, per-
mit me to make a brief illustration, which I think
will convince every man who may read me, that
every man in indigent circumstances owes it to him-
self to do his part to overthrow a policy which is
calculated to rob him for the benefit of the rich. I
will have to designate a State for the purpose of
illustration. I will designate the State of Maryland.
I do not know the annual amount of State tax which
the citizens of Maryland pay; but I will suppose
they pay, without the benefits of distribution,
#600 ,000. 1 will suppose that, by the distribution sys-
tem, Maryland will receive $200,000, which would
reduce her State tax to §400,000. Supposing the
entire amount of proceeds to be, annually, $4,000,000,
this calculation will be found not far wrong, but,
right or wrong, as to the amount of the sums sup-
posed, it will not affect the correctness of the princi-
ple of the illustration; the conclusions will be the
same and the effect the same.
Well sir, I have supposed the aggregate of distri-
bution to be $4,000,000.
1 have supposed that Maryland's portion
would be - §200,000
I have supposed that the annual State tax
of Maryland is - - - - 600,000
By the distribution system the annual
State tax of Maryiand will be reduced
§280,000, which would reduce the an-
nual tax to - - - - §400,000
A very pretty reduction, and a glorious relief to
the tax-payer; a golden dream, if the illustration
stops here; but it is delusion, a base delusion, and
the system is pregnant with fraud and deception,
and has bribery for its sole object. It is true, and
every reflecting man knows it, that every dollar of
this four millions that is abstracted from the federal
treasury, for the purpose of distribution, must be
returned to the treasury and must be collacted
from the people in the shape of either direct or
indirect taxes, and each tax-payer of each State
must pay his portion, either by an increased duty
upon the necessaries of life, which the comfort and
happiness of his family require; or he must shell
out—or, as we say in the West, he " must fork o er"
—at the withering rap of the direct tax-gatherer.
So nothing is gained, but much lost, as there must
be an additional host of hungry federal officers with
high salaries, whose hungry maws must be filled,
and all, too, at the expense of the tax payer; and
that tax payer is the mechanic and the farmer, who
.receives the least portion of the distribution. And
now 1 propose to show the operation of the distribu-
tion system upon the poor man.
I have supposed that the effect of the distribution
system would be to reduce the State tax of Mary-
land one-third, or from §600,000 to §400,000, and
that reduction would affect the tax payer in the same
proportion. I will select two citizens in the State of
Maryland by which to illustrate. I will take the
rich man, who, like Job, possesses oxen, farms,
mules, horses, and dromedaries, in such numbers
that his ratable proportion of State taxis §600; and
I will take a humble mechanic, who lives by pushing
the plane, hammering' the anvil, or pounding the lap-
Htone, whose earthly possessions consist of his
trade, a small lot, an humble dwelling, and a cow,
and whose whole possessions impose on him a State
tax of §3. By the distribution system, it will be
percei ved that the taxes of the rich man will be le-
duced one-third—that l , in place of paying §600
witl 'it the distribution, he will pay but §400 ; with
it, then, he will be benefited §200: the poor man will
be benefited in the same proportion—that is, in place
ef paying $3 without distribution, he will pay but
§2 with it.
By the distribution system the rich man is tho
gainer §200, and the poor man §1. But pursue the il-
lustration. We will suppose that the rich man has
six members in his family, and the comforts and
necessaries of life, which are of foreign production,
under a revenue or low tariff, Vfill cost him §100;
but by a high or protective tariff (made so by the
distribution system to supply the vacuum In the
nationaPtrcasury by the withdrawal of the amount
distributed) the same necessaries and comforts cost
him §150. He will then be a gainer by distribution
§200; and a loser by a high tariff §50, and the gainer
in outcome of $50. And now for the poor man. He
has a family of the same number, requiring all
the comforts and necessaries of life that the family
of the rich man requires, (for 1 spfeak not of luxu-
ries in this illustration;) and the policy that would
deprive him of them should be scouted from the
land. How is he affected by this distribution sys-
tem? We have seen that he is benefited to the
amount of §1. But his family will require the same
comforts to the amount of §100 of foreign importa-
tions, under a low or revenue tariff; but the same
necessaries under a high or protective tariff will cost
him §150. The irresistible conclusion of all which
is, that he is benefited one dollar by distribution,
and injured fifty dollars by a high or protective tariff;
and this illustration will apply to every State in the
Union, and to every individual in every State, only
varying in proportion to the amount of distribution,
amount of State taxes and individual circumstan-
ces; and I defy successful contradiction. Then this
distribution system is beneficial to the rich and op-
pressive to the poor.
It is said that the poor man has a reward for this
inequality, in the effect of the distribution system, in
the additional employment which he gets by the
high tariff and protective system. If so, that re-
ward is neutralized by the high price Which he has
to pay for everything that he consumes which he
does not produce himself. But it is said that high
protective duties lower the price of foreign and do-
mestic goods. That statement is either true or false.
If true, the duties should be higher, and wc would
get goods for nothing. But it is false; and no one
but a fool or a knave would make such an assertion.
The avowed object of the present oppressive tariff
is to protect domestic manufactures; but if high du-
ties make lower prices, what becomes of protection?
If high duties produce high prices, it is a system in-
tended to plunder all who are not manufacturers,
for the benefit of those who do manufacture. It has
been urged that the protective system gives employ-
ment to hundreds and thousands of poor and desti-
tute girls in the eastern and manufacturing States,
who could not otherwise get employment. That is
no reason for the existence of a policy which vi-
olates the original compact between the States and
the general government, and oppresses thousands
where it benefits tens. If there are poor girls in the
East, let them be sent West, where there is a de-
mand for girls. They can ail get husbands
in the West, who will relieve them from
poverty and destitution. They can all get
men for husbands—men who can fulfil all the pur-
poses of husbands; their husbands shall be men;
not things, but men, not wasp-waisted coxcombs,
and tight-laced soap-lock dandies. They may
not have the qualifications for handing a lady a seat,
presenting her handkerchief, unfurling her parasol,
swinging her in the giddy waltz, or turning the co-
tillion with as good grace as an eastern ape of the
fashionable circles; but they will be men with good
hearts, and more brains than whiskers, though they
may not be ornamented upon the surface of the
inferior maxillary with the imperial spot, nor have
the external surface of the superior organs of speech
mounted with a pair of mustaches; yet they will
have manly faces, indexing a sound head and an
affectionate heart.
With reference, further, to first principles, let us
suppose ourselves in federal convention, anctnowin
the act of forming a federal constitution: would any
one of us urge that the success of a federal union
must depend upon granting certain exclusive privi-
leges and certain exclusive monopolies to a certain
class of men in certain sections of the country, to
the prejudice of all other sections of the country?
This oppressive tariff is sustained on the ground that
some of the States are unfriendly to successful culti-
vation. Would any member of this supposed conven-
tion urge that, because the New England States were
barren, and because the southern and western
States are fertile, therefore a system of protection
must be made a part of the federal constitution,
to the end that the people of the Now England States
may be placed on an equal footing with the people
of the southern and western States, and that the peo-
ple of the South and West must be made tributary
to the North and East' Does any one suppose for a
moment that a federal government could be estab-
lished on such terms, and such conditions? Would
the proposition not be scouted, and the man who
would make it be held in beggardly contempt' The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Pollock,] in
his speech on this bill, wept in piteous lamentations
over the dead ashes of two cold, furnaces in the
county of Columbia, in his district; but cheered
himself and his county with the assurance
that the moment it is known that this bill
shall be defeated, those furnaces would be
instantly lighted up. Some might suppose that
the action or inaction of those two furn&ces
might have a powerful influence on the destinies of
this great republic for good or for evil—for pros-
perity or for disaster. My own impression is, that
the republic would still live and flourish, if, by any
accident, they should be annihilated, or the county
of their location sunk. The gentleman's lamenta-
tions remind me of the deep concern expressed by
some of Alexander's officers and soldiers for the
safety of his person When Alexander was march-
ing through India, and pne victory was gained to
secure another—one city surrendered but to give
way to the surrender of another—tnc conquest ot
one province was but the signal for atiOther to
change its master,—everything fell, fled, of sur-
rendered before him. In all his battles, Alexan-
der was in the front ranks, and his person much
exposed. Some of his officers and soldiers remon-
strated against his thus exposing his sacred person;
spoke of the vast spread of his conquests, and of
the importance of retaining the possession of the
countries which he had vanquished, as well as the
deep interest which was felt in the glory of his tri-
umphant return to Greece; and that the glory and
welfare of Greece depended on the preservation of
his life. Alexander coolly responded that the flory
and welfare of Greece depended on the life or death
of no one man. So I would say to my friend fronl
Pennsylvania—the glory, prosperity, and welfare of
this republic does not depend upon the life or death
of any two furnaces in this land. Had the gentle-
man been a member of the federal convention, would
he have so far risked his presentand future reputation
to contempt and ridicule, aa to have made the pro-
tection of his two furnaces a condition of the federal
Union? If the framers of the constitution had in-
tended that a protective and monopolizing system
was to be the policy of the government, why did
they not say so? Wiry did they not make it a part
of the constitution? And why did they, when in-
serting the power to impose duties, confine the ob-
ject to revenue for the support of the government,
and to carry out the purposes for which the govern-
ment was created, viz: national defence. How
alarming is the thought, that tho federal government
has power to impose taxes directly or indirectly to
a greater amount than what is necessary to its eco-
nomical administration. The principle that admits
the power to the federal government to raise §1 over
and above what is necessary for its economical ad-
ministration, or to carry out the legitimate purposes
of its creation, (which I have more than once said is
national defence,) admits the dangerous and disas-
trous principle that the federal government ean raise
an indefinite number of millions of dollars for any
purpose. Where, then, would be the sovereignty
of the States, and where the liberty of the people? I
have not time to pursue the argument. I can only
say that the people must and will wake up to the
fearful strides of federal powers which the federal
party is making towards federal consolidation, State
vassalage, and personal bondage.
Permit me to deny an assertion which every
whig that speaks makes—that is, that the ques-
tion on the sibjectof the tariff between the two
parties is protection against free trade. There is
no such question no such issue. We (the democ-
racy) are for a revenue tariff; and a revenue tamu
o-ives incidental protection to the amount of the rev-
enue which is and will continue to be not iess than
§05 000,000. That is to say, a revenue tariff ope-
rates incidentally to the protection of our manufac-
ture# and as a bonus to our manufacturers to the
amount of §25,000,000. It would seem that, if
avarice were not insatiable, that that ought to be
sufficient. By the census of 1840, the statis-
tics show about three hundred thousand manu-
facturers in the United States. One-third ot
those arc manufacturers of heavy machinery;
