ntiiiVT,
Richia 4 count}*, Ohio, praying for the occupation of Ore
gan: referred to-the Committee on Territories.
By Mr. HOGEf.The pefition-of Basil Juok and Jonathan
D. winters, and 389 other citizens of the county of Jo Da-
viess, State of Illinois, praying the passage of a law pro-
viding for the sale of the reserved mineral lands of the gov-
ernment upon the same terms, and under the same regula-
tions, as other public lands: laid on the table.
By Mr. WETHERED: The petition of J. McCrone, Jacob
Munn, and 102 other citizens in the heighborhood of Avaton,
Baltimore county, Maryland, earnestly praying Congress
to abstain from all legislation on the subject of the tarifl'.
By^ Mr. BLACKWELL: The memorial of Thomas Towns,
asking pay for property taken from him during the revolu-
tionary war, by a press master of the army of the United
States-
By Mr. DODG-E ofWisconsin: The petition of H. Lading-
ton, and 92 citizens of Wisconsin, asking the establishment
of a mail route from Milwaukie, in the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, to St. Mary's post office, in the town of Greenfield, from
said office, to the outlet of Little Lake in the town of Mus-
kegon from the town of Muskego to Great Bend (so called)
on Fox river; from thence through the northerly part of the
town of Rochester, Racine county, to Troy. Walworth coun-
ty; from Troy to Elkhorn; from Elkhorn to Delevan; from
Delevan to Betoit, Rock county, in said Territory: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. J. THOMPSON: The petition of J B. Honcock,
for conformition of certain lands located by virtue of an act
of Congress in his behalf: referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
By Mr. RITTER: The memorial from citizens of Berks
county, Pennsylvania, praying that no change whatever be
made in the present tariff, untill experience shall have de-
monstrated, that such change would be for the better.
By Mr. HAYS: The memorial of sundry citizens of Penn-
sylvania remonstrating against any alteration in the tarifl':
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
' IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 11,1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
informing the Senate that the experiment of Colt's
submarine battery would take place in the Eastern
branch of the Potomac river, at half-past 4 o'clock on
Saturday afternoon next.
Mr. BATES presented a memorial from sundry
citizens of Northumberland county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against any alteration in the present
tariff: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BATES presented a memorial from David
Ames, a citizen of Massachusetts, in which he sets
forth that a question having arisen between him and
the United States, as to certain water privileges at
the public works in Springfield, Massachusetts, it
was submitted to the decision of three men agreed
upon by the parties; that the referees, upon a full
hearing, made their award; that he has complied
with it on his part; and that the agent refuses to
comply with it on the part of the United States. As
he has no other means of relief, he prays that Con-
gress will, by the passage of an act or resolution,
cause the award, which is to be final between the
parties, to be carried into effect, and that a suit
against him, which is in violation of it, may be
stayed: referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EVANS presented a remonstrance from S.
M. Porter, and other citizens of Portland, Maine,
against any alteration of the tariff at the present
session of Congress.
Mr. E. said the remonstrance was signed by
many ship owners and ship builders: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Haworth Wetherald, and other citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, representing that they consider the present
tax of cents a pound imposed on imported
brown sugar exorbitant, being from 80 to 100 per
per cent, upon the cost of the article, at the place
from whence it is imported; and that, as it is an ar-
ticle which enters into the consumption of every
poor man's family, it ought to be lightly taxed; and
they ask that Congress will reduce the duty on this
article to the lowest rate of per cent, imposed on
any imported commodities: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. B. also presented three memorials from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania on the subject of the tariff,
similar to a great number which he had already pre-
sented, decidedly in opposition to any change of the
existing tariff, until it was demonstrated by ascer-
tained facts that such a change would be necessary:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial from a number
of inhabitants of Pennsylvania, asking Congress to
restore the four companies of horse artillery in ser-
vice, to the peace establishment of 100 men, rank
and file: referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Territories,
reported back, with a substitute for the whole bill,
the bill froin the House giving the assent of Con-
gress to the Holding of an extra session of the le-
gislative assembly of the Territory of Iowa.
Mr. B. stated the importance of having immedi-
ate action on the bill, as a session of the assembly
was soon to be held; and, on his motion, the pre-
vious . orders of the day were postponed, and the
above bill was taken up, as in committee of the
whole. The substitute having been agreed to, the
bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed, as amended, for a third reading. [The
substitute, which was adopted, provides that an ex-
tra session of the legislative assembly may be held
in June, 1844, without expense to the united States.]
This bill was subsequently read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from James
C. Jackson, and a number of other citizens of Van
Buren county, Missouri, praying for an appropria-
tion for removing obstructions to the navigation of
the Missouri, Mississippi, and Ohio rivers: referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Biloxi, Mississippi city, Pass Christian,
and Shieldsborough, praying for the establishment
of new mail-routes and new light-houses on the
coast of that State: referred to the Committee on
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, with an
amendment, the bill from the House entitled An act
to establish certain post-routes in the Territory of
Florida.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following
resolution; which, under the rule, lies one day on
the table, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to transmit to the Senate such information as may remain in
the General Land Office relative to any confliction which
may have heretofore occurred between existing regulations
of the War Department, concerning the mineral lands, and
the regular and systematic execution of the land laws, to-
gether with a statement of such further legislation as may
seem to be indicated by the practical execution of those
laws and regulations, with the view of prevention of frauds,
the preservation of the simplicity of the general land sys-
tem, and the proper protection of the interests of the nation
in the mineral wealth of the unsold lands.
NAVAL DEPOT AND DOCK YARD IN THE
west.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the previous orders
of the day were postponed; and the Senate resumed ,
the consideration of the bill to establish a navy-yard 1
and depot at or adjacent to the city of Memphis, 1
Tennessee, and appropriating $100,000 for that ob-
ject. The question pending was the substitute pro-
posed by Mr. Breese, appropriating §5,000 for an
accurate, minute, .and scientific examination and
survey of some point at or near the mouth of the
Ohio; of Memphis, in Tennessee; and of Natchez,
in the State of Mississippi; with a view golely to the
capabilities and advantages of each of said places
for a naval depot and yard for building, equipping,
furnishing, and repairing steamships and other ves-
sels of war, for the use of the navy of the United
States; and empowering the President to employ
some naval officer, of the rank of post captain, in
connexion with the United States Topographical
Engineers, to undertake the survey and examina-
tion, and to report to Congress, at the next session,
detailed and faithful statements.
Mr. JARNAGIN of Tennessee observed that
it might be expected he should say something
on this subject. He understood the objection
to the original bill to be, that a sufficient exam-
ination had not been made of the Mississippi
river, with a view of deciding whether a better site
than Memphis could be found. He expressed
his surprise that the State legislature of Mississippi
should have passed resolutions instructing its sena-
tors, and requesting its representatives, to vote for
the establishment of a naval depot and dock-yard at
Memphis, in case it should be proved, by actual
survey, that a better point could not be found in the
State of Mississippi, if the objection urged by the
senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] yester-
day, existed, that the depth of water m the channel
between Natchez and Memphis was only five and a
half or five feet. He scrutinized the arguments of
that senator [Mr. Walker] in favor of Natchez;
and concluded that the only preference he pointed
out was on the ground of a better depth of water
being always found at Natchez; but that was only a
secondary consideration, for vessels of war con-
structed at Memphis could, in favorable stages of
water, be taken down to Natchez and moored there,
It was in vain* to argue that the bills ofmortaiity
proved that Natchez was as healthy as Memphis.
Workmen never would believe it. They riever
could begot to locate themselves there for the same
wages that they would at Memphis. The|r belief-
would be, notwithstanding all quarantine regula- ■
tions, that a site which has heretofore been so often
and so frightfully Visited by yellow fever, would
again be subject to its ravages—perhaps when such
a thing was least expected. No one could contend
that the low stage of water continued at any time
for more than three months in the year; and the re-
port proves that an average of seven feet may.be
calculated upon throughout the year from Mem-
phis to the Balize. For the other nine months of
the year, he apprehended the depth of water would
prove to be quite enough to float the most approved
modern vessels of war. The objection was of lit-
tle weight, that such vessels could not be got to
New Orleans in low stage of water; for that was
the very time that foreign ships of war could not
enter the Balize. The whole contest turned upon
the selection of one place over another; and the point
to be considered was, which of the locations rec-
ommended possessed the greatest number of ad-
vantages. A central point was undoubtedly the
best, and where else could that central point be
found but at Memphis? It has always been so
considered. The commissioners and engineers who
had examined the matter had come to the same
conclusion.
Mr. J. urged, at considerable length, various ar-
guments in favor of selecting Memphis in prefer-
ence to any other point on the Mississippi river. He
entered his protest against further procrastination of
this important question. The West and the South
did not grudge the one hundred and sixty millions
of dollars which had already been devotee! to the de-
fence of the harbors of the North; but they had a
right to complain that not a dollar had been spent
for the proper defence of the South, and its ap-
proaches through the gulf of Mexico. Both the
South and West had long since agreed that a south-
western naval depot and dock-yard should be con-
structed at some central inland point accessible by
water. All these requirements were concentrated, at
Memphis. The time was not far distant when that
point would be connected with the lakes to the North
and West by canals, and with South Carolina by
railroad. It was already connected by river navi-
gation with almost all sections of the Union. He
concluded by referring to the decisions of the legis-
latures of Tennessee and Mississippi in favor of the
selection of Memphis.
Mr. CHOATE said he intended yesterday to
move, at 1 o'clock to day, to take up the subject of
the tariff; but his friend from Tennessee had made
so earnest an appeal to him to allow this bill to be
disposed of, that he would not now make the mo-
tion he intended. He would, however, give notice
that he would call np the resolution of the Finance
Committee, in relation to the tariff bill, introduced
by the senator from South Carolina, [Mr. McDuf-
fie,] to-morrow at 1 o'clock.
The CHAIR stated the pending question on the
bill now under discussion.
Mr. BREESE said that, yesterday, he had call-
ed for the reading of the report, which, he took for
granted, accompanied the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The CHAIR stated that no report had been made
on the subject by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BAYARD said there was no report made
from the Committee on Naval Affairs in relation to
this bill; because there was a disposition on the
part of the committee to have this matter fairly dis-
cussed by those who were best acquainted with the
localities, and to leave it entirely unprejudiced by
their (the committee's) opinion.
It was now proposed, instead of making an ap-
propriation for the execution of this work, to direct
further surveys to made; and the question which
naturally presented itself to the minds of senators
was, Should not this be done? Why should not all
the information which could be obtained m relation
to it, be. obtained before there was any action on the
subject?
The answer to this proposition might be found in
a reference to the history of this matter. It had
been agitation for several years. It was nothing
new. It was a subject in which the West took a
deep interest. ■ Public attention had been drawn ta
it for some time past. It had "been discussed in the
