CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
trifling' expense -many vessels were sent from the
places where they were constructed to other ports
for this purpose, as was the case of the Pennsylva-
nia, which was sent from Philadelphia to the harbor
of Norfolk.
In order to get rid of the embarrassment occasion-
ed by this confusion of two different terms, it was
necessary to separate them. Construction was one
thing—repair another. Memphis might possess
many advantages as a place for the construction of
vessels, but none as a place of repair. It might be
asked where, then, was the necessity of a depot or
navy-yard of construction at all at Memphis? To
solve that, it was necessary to consider what was
to be done at that depot. He would enumerate what
might be provided. There were chain cables, ca-
booses, steam engines, water-tanks, powder-tanks,
all to be constructed; and all of which were now
done at the navy-yard at Washington. This navy-
yard, when in full operation—employing a thousand
men—was capable of supplying all the present
exigencies of the naval service. Why, then, have
a depot for the construction of articles of this kind
at Memphis? All that was necessary for the exi-
gencies of the service was done at Washington.
Why, then, have a depot at Memphis? For this
reason: It was in a time of peace that we were to
make our preparations for a time of war. It was a
concession which was due to the wishes of the
States which desired a western depot. It was
iiow that vessels were to be built up for the supply
of their wants.
What was the difference between the mode of
conducting modern warfare and ancient' In former
times they satisfied themselves with collecting to-
gether vast amounts of treasures; and they depended
upon ingots of gold for their supplies, in case of
need. It was different with us. We had another
description of treasure to look to. There was much
necessary for the defence of the service. Cannon,
powder, shot, material for the fabrication of ves-
sels,—all these things had to be accumulated. We
had our establishments of construction and repair to
erect. These were the resources of modern war—
this was our great treasury—these were the means
which we were to have in reserve to meet great exi-
gencies.
After all, war could not be carried on without the
means or money. Where the ordinary revenue of
the country did not furnish it, the government was
obliged to be indebted to its credit. It was indis-
pensably necessary, in a time of peace, to prepare
for these exigencies. The constitution authorized
Congress to create and maintain a navy; but it
spoke in a different language where it authorized the
raising of an army. The power to raise armies
was limited, and could only be carried into effect for
two or three yeare at a time. Such was the general
excitement of the public mind at that time, and
such the jealousy against standing armies, that they
could not be.endured beyond the moment of danger.
But that was not the language of the constitution ig
regard to the naval service. "Congress shall have
power to create and maintain a navy." It appeared
to throw all good and evil report upon it aside, in
view of the nature of the service, requiring it to be
permanently maintained—it made no limitations. A
navy was a thing that could not be brought up in a
day. The docks could not b.e constructed in a day.
The ships could not be built in a day.
He had heard here repeatedly something like
reproach upon the action of this government, in
relation to the great expenditures which had b.een
Biade for the Atlantic .squadron. And for what?
Was it because it protected our resources, our
wealth, and our commerce?
In the progress of time, these appropriations,
.once confined to the seaboard, spread themselves
over the whole country, north snd,east; and now
the time had come when this government was
hound to turn its attention to the great interests of
She West. Those States would soon be able to ex-
jsybijt as niufih in evidence of their commercial pros-
perity, as they if/er-e able to exhibit along the coast
of the Atlantic,
He was prepared, at^ny moment, to appropriate
.any sum of money that was desired, be it one, ten,
■or one hundred millions, to make for the eouth-
jsre^t a Gibraltar to protect its commerce.
The interests of the great valley of the Mississp-
| i oughjt to have the patronage of the general gov-
ernment; sjemI he was prepared at any time to appro-
priate, for ihe construction of establishments for the
(Security of the great highway of western and south-
er/) commerce—the Mississippi river—any sum of
money which was necessary to render it secure. He
had no question that such was the general sense of
the Senate.^ It was a common interest; it was a na-
tional interest; and a national feeling must naturally
lead all to that conclusion. Why should not Con-
gress appropriate this money for the purpose of con-
structing a dock-yard—with works necessary for
the different exigencies of the service—works neces-
sary for the construction of cannon, steam-en-
gines, &c.? These articles could be fabricated as
cheap at Memphis as at any point in the United
States. Why should not the establishment be made
at this point, when it was asked by not less than
three or four of the sovereign. States of the Union?
As to the capacities of Memphis, and the proprie-
ty of its location for this purpose, no one who read
the report of the board of commissioners, who had
examined it, could believe anything less than what
they said.
There was seven feet of water there at the lowest
stage of water. But what was the average depth of
the river? About twenty feet. For at least six
months in the year, the depth of the river was from
thirty to thirty-five feet. It might be said, indeed,
that for nine months in the year, that was the
depth. There was, then, an average of about twenty
feet. It was not necessary, nor was it proposed,
to take sloops of war up the Mississippi this dis-
tance for the purpose of repair. They might be con-
structed, either of iron or wood, and carried down
the Mississippi, and fitted at Pensacola. This
would be going down stream—going with the cur-
rent, and with abundance of water.
It did seem to him, when three or four States
were found urging the establishment of this depot at
Memphis, and asking it as a matter deeply involv-
ing their interest, that Congress ought to conform
to their wishes.
Mr. BREESE observed that the speech of the
chairman of the Naval Committee had satisfied him
that this was a magnificent and important project
—one of the greatest national consequence. It only
confirmed him in the conviction that a matter of
such vast national importance, demanded, in its prog-
ress, the utmost circumspection—most particular-
ly in the selection of a proper site. None of the
arguments advanced in favor of Memphis, had sat-
isfied him that it alone was the only suitable point.
He desired further examination, and a proper sur-
vey by an authorized engineer of the government,
to ascertain whether a better site than Memphis
can be selected. If it should turn out that such
examination and survey would demonstrate that
Memphis was the best point which could be
selected, he should give his support to that selection.
But it was his opinion, and the opinion of many,
that greater advantages would result from the selec-
tion of some point above Memphis, if not at the
mouth of the Ohio. It was right and proper that
the public should be satisfied of this by a suitable
investigation. He read some extracts from reports
on the subject of a variety of points which might be
chosen abqve Memphis, lie also read passages
from the report of the commissioners who examined
the site of Memphis in 1841, for the construction of
a western armory, to show that it was a point sub-
ject to very great objections He admitted that
Memphis had its advantages—very great advan-
tages; but so had other points. And if those of
Memphis were superior to any other, it could suffer
no detriment lrom a proper examination of Other
points, and a comparison between them and it.
r Mr. FOSTER observed that the gentleman op-
posite had taken so much pains fo prove, from doc-
uments, that Memphis was not only unhealthy, but
exceedingly objectionable in other respects, thai he
felt called upon to quote, from more recent documen-
tary evidence, some passages proving quite the re-
verse of all the gentleman had adduced.
Mr F. then read several passages from the report
of the board of commissioners appointed to examine
Memphis as a site suitable for this dock-yard and
.depot.
Mr. BREESE made a brief reply as to the prices
of various articles at Memphis.
Mr. BAYARD had but a word to say in relation
to the objection made by the senator from Illinois—
that sufficient examination had not been made of
the points to justify the selection of Memphis, and
that the board of commissioners had not given a
decided opinion in favor of it as a selection. Now, in
answer to this, he should merely say that Congress,
by its act, had prescribed to those commissioners
the survey of that point; and in obedience to that
jnstructipn they Vnade then- report, But as to ex- ,
pressing an opinion—what did the commissioners
say in the conclusion of their report' That—,
The above details [those of the report] appear to- us to
convey all the information necessary to form a conclusion
as to th$ practicability of establishing a naval depot at this
place. Of its expediency, in a national point of view, there
cannot be a doubt. The reasons are too obvious, and have
been too abundantly proclaimed, to require a repetition from
us. This particular location is excellent for a building yard;
but is, perhaps, scarcely sufficiently accessible for vessels
in need of repairs."
Now, what more decisive Could they say? They
said the very thing that the Committee on Naval
Affairs concurred with them in asserting—that it
was a suitable place for construction, but . not for re-
pairs. Its facilities and advantages as a site for a
depot of construction were fully admitted. As to
the senator's objection that there were no estimates
accompanying the report, Mr. B. pointed out that,
from the very nature of the works necessary to form
a place of construction, there could be no estimates
of the expense in advance, till it was decided what
works should be carried on there, and that was a
matter of arrangement at the Navy Department.
Mr. BREESE observed that the conclusion of "the
report quoted by the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee had reference to the previous facts stated,
supposing these facts to exist, without expressing a
decided opinion that they did exist, or that in Mem-
phis alone they were to be found. He made some
remarks touching the opinions expressed in the re-
port about the batture on which the foundation was
to be laid.
Mr. BAYARD briefly replied, and again pointed
to the report to show that a decided opinion was
expressed. The commissioners in their second re-
port, when they went back to examine the site in
October, correct any misapprehennions which they
entertained on their first visit. On their first visit
the water was high; but on their second visit, it was
low; and in their second report they say:
"While the Mississippi continues to run in its present
channel, it would, perhaps, be unnecessary to secure the
bank by piles; boarding and filling up would be ample pro-
tection. * * A group of islands immedi-
ately ahove Memphis, divides the river into several
branches, which are united again before passing the city,
it is thought practicable, to prevent the river from settling
against the Tennessee shore, should it ever appear inclined
to take that direction, by obstructing the passage between
two of the islands.
This was to guard against what had been said in
the first report. On their second visit, they found
the changing of the channel could be effectually
guarded against by creating an obstruction bgtwpen
two of the islands, or between one of the islands and
the main shore; which would compel the Mississip-
pi to flow in its present channel. They state the
expense of levelling and filling up, so as to raise the
site above all chances of overflow, at $28,920. Thig
showed the practicability, at that expense, of pre-
paring a suitable foundation for constructing a naval
depot at that .point; and as to the expediency, the
commissioners say expressly that, "of that, there
can be no doubt."
Mr. WALKER asked if there was any one
portion of that report -syhich compared Memphis
with any other point on the Mississippi river, and
which decided that it was the best?
Mr. BAYARD said, certainly not.
Mr. WALKER observed that then it was a blind
preference for Memphis, without the slightest re-
gard to either national propriety or ,the sectional in-
terests of other portions of the country. It was
like taking a leap in the dark; without any know-
ledge, without any other survey, or without any
examination of other sites. Why this partial le-
gislation in favor of Memphis? How can an honest
decision bp made? If it is macje upon the informa-
tion now betbre the Senate, without any regard to
other points, it would be a most unjust and unholy
decision.
Taking the whole report, this point not having
been examined by an officer of the topographical or
engineer department, but by naval officers from
the seaboard, he would ask, did it furnish satis-
factory evidence that Memphis was so much su-
perior to all other points on the Mississippi
that it should be preferred to all others? What did
olpcers trained to sailing on the ocean know about
bat.turps ar,d gand-b^rg a thousand miles inland?
Now, so far as the copariiissioners' who made the
survey express any decided opinion, it is against
Memphis, on account of the difficulty of access to
it for vessels requiring repairs. No such objection
existed against Natchez. Mr. W. recapitulated his
arguments of yesterday in favor of Natchez as a
point entitled to preference over Memphis. '
