May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Beher.
H. of Reps.
immediately that it is made manifest to th'enl that
the British government desires to obtain Texas—
See Mr. Van Sunn's letter, April 20, A. D. 1844.
Thete is a fourth party, who believe that "now is
the golden moment" for receiving Texas into the
Union; that Texas is capable of contracting herself
away to the United States, and that the United
States can receive her without consulting Mexico;
that it is to the interest cf the United States to do
so without delay, and that Texas is, to all intents
and purposes, a government by right, possessed of
the most ample attributes.—See General Jackson's let-
ter, 13th May, A. D. 1844.
These are the several attitudes which the parties
occupy on the question, and the American people
are called on to determine which of them are right.
In a government based on the freedom of opinion,
it is natural that divisions should exist, and it would
be unreasonable to expect it to be otherwise.
He would next proceed to show the right which
Texas has to the territory embraced in her treaty
with the United States. Spain, in 1800, by the
treaty of S. Ildefonso, ceded Louisiana (in
which was embraced Texas) to France. In 1803,
by the treaty of Paris, entered into between this
government and the first consul, France ceded the
same territory to the United States; and in that
treaty the United States guarantied to France that
the inhabitants of the said territory should "bs in-
corporated into the United States, and admitted as soon
as possible, according to the ■principles of the federal con-
stitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of the citizens of the United States; and,
in the mean time, they shall be maintained and protected
in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the
religion lohieh they professIn 1819, the United
States ceded Texas to Spain, with the view of ob-
taining the Floridas, ana in despite of the obliga-
tion entered into in the treaty of Paris; and by that
" cession Texas and its inhabitants became a part of
the Spanish government of America, instead of re-
maining in the United States, as contemplated by
the first consul. In 1820, the revolution in Spanish
America occurred, and soon after Mexico became
independent of Spain; and one of the first move-
ments of the new government was to invite emigra-
tion from abroad, to reclaim the wilderness from
the Camanche and other tribes of Indians, who
then roamed over certain portions of it at their
pleasure. In 1822, Iturbide was taken from the
head of the Mexican army and made emperor of
Mexico. In 1823, the national legislature of
Mexico passed a law inviting foreigners to settle
in that country; and, by way of encouraging a
speedy emigration, offered them donations of land
and implements of industry. In the same year,
Iturbide recognised a grant in favor of Stephen F.
Austin, whicli his father, Moses Austin, had re-
ceived from Spain before the independence of
Mexico had been declared; and the confirmation of
this grant caused him to introduce into Texas a
colony of American emigrants. Shortly after this,
Iturbide was compelled to surrender his empire;
and his abdication was succeeded by the adoption of
a new form of government, shaped after that of the
United States; and the independence of this new
government was acknowledged by the United States,
and also by the other great nations of the earth,
with the exception of Spain. In 1824, Coahuila
and Texas were made a separate State; and, in the
same year, colonisation laws were passed by the
federal government of Mexico, and by the local
legislature of Coahuila and Texas.
Under these several colonization laws and the
confederated government of Mexico, adopted after
the fall of Iturbide, Texas began to people with
rapidity; this excited the jealousy of Mexico, and
about the year 1830, the door to emigration from
the United States was closed, garrisons were estab-
lished at several places within her limits, and the
inhabitants of the country were placed under a mil-
itary despotism. In 1834, Santa Anna abandoned
the republican flag, through whieh he had acquired
unlimited influence; took sides with the enemies of
popular liberty; ovci threw the federal constitutional
government of 1824, modeled after our own, and
established on its ruins a consolidated empire, and
placed himself at the head of it. He foithwith
abolished the State legislatures; made governors de-
pendent on his will for their appointment and au-
thority, and imprisoned Stephen F. Austin, the col-
onist, because he advocated the government of 1824,
and wished to see Texas organized in accordance
with it.
These despotic strides of Santa Anna Texas re-
fused to recognise, and declared herself independent -
of him; and in the latter part of 1835, General Cos,
the relative of Santa Anna, undertook to compel
Texas to yield obedience to the authority of his
chief. He was captured with his army, at the
Alamo, by the Texians, and afterwards he and his
officers were permitted by the victors to retire with
their arms, and private property into the interior,
under their parole of honor that they would not
oppose the re-establishment of the federal constitu-
tion of 1824. In the early part of 1836, the Alamo
was taken from the Texians by Santa. Anna, Cos,
in violation of his parole of honor, commanding
under him. Every one connected with the Texian
forces, except two, were inhumanly butchered, and
there it was that Cos is said to have run his sword
into the dead body of the lamented Travis, who had
fallen in the battle. Shortly afier this, from fa-
tigue, fainihe, and by the force of superior numbers,
three hundred soldiers,under the command of Fannin;
were compelled to capitulate to the army of Mexico
on terms; and out of the number, about six only
survived the fire of their enemy: the rest were shot
down by companies, against the terms agreed on in
their surrender. Next was fought the memorable
battle of St. Jacinto, which resulted as gloriously
to Texian arms as did those of Yorktown and
New Orleans to American valor. Santa Anna and
many of his officers At-ere taken; but their lives were
spared to them by the Texians. The star of the
sanguinary tyrant had here set in total darkness.
To him oil was gloom and melancholy. He en-
deavored to flatter his conqueror, by telling him that
he was the Wellington, who had overthrown the
Napoleon of the West. His life had been justly
forfeited, and the soldiery demanded it, as an atone-
ment for inhumanity at the Alamo, and at Goliad;
but Houston would not permit it to be taken. He
wrote a letter to President Jackson, declaring that
he was firmly convinced that it was proper to ter-
minate the question of Texian independence "by
political negotiation," and that "the'honor andglory"
of Mexico demanded a cessation of hostilities.
This (said Mr. B.) is a brief sketch of the mili-
tary history of Texas. He would now attempt, as
briefly, to trace her civil history, since the battle of
St. Jacinto, which freed her from Mexican tyranny.
In the same year of the downfall of Santa Anna at
St. Jacinto, Texas applied for admission into the
United States, and the offer in 1837 was rejected.
In 1838, her independence was acknowledged by
the United States, and a treaty of boundary, and
one of indemnity for spoliations incurred during her
revolutionary struggle, were entered into between
her and this government, and both were carried into
effect. In 1839, France acknowledged her inde-
pendence; and m 1840, Holland; Belgium, and Great
Britain did the same; and the latter nation also ne-
gotiated with her a commercial treaty. Since 1836,
Texas has been enabled to maintain her indepen-
dence without any regular waifare against her on
the part of Mexico. Her constitutional government
has been in full forcc, demanding of her citizens
perfect allegiance, and resting on their consent. Her
limits have also been clearly defined, and her author-
ity to punish for treason indisputable. Again,
while Texas, from 1836 to 1844, has been at peace
with all the world, except Mexico, and in the full
enjoyment of internal quiet and national comity,
Mexico has been deeply convulsed. When Santa
Anna was shorn of his power at St. Jacinto, Busta-
mente succeeded him. Bustamente has since been
put down, and Santa Anna reinstated. A new gov-
ernment has been formed in Mexico, to which
Texas is in no way a party; and Texas is at this
moment more stable than Mexico, and piesents to
the world striking elements of governmental pros-
perity. Under this last view of the case, he doubt-
ed whether or not Mexico was the parent govern-
ment.
Having examined the condition of Texas from
the year 1800 to the present time, with reference to
treaties, colonization laws, her l evolutionary strug-
gles, and final independence, he would next endeav-
or to establish that she is a perfect government, en-
titled to the most unqualified sovereignty, and in
every way independent of Mexico. He admitted the
general principle, as recognised in the law of nations,
that it is wrong "to create disturbances in another
coantry, to toim-nt disorder or toiai^e enemies egamst
it;" bnthe denied the distinction attempted to be
drawn between a government de jure and a govern-
ment de facto, when applied to Texas. Govern-
ments de jure, as contradistinguished from govern-
ments de facto, (if there be any such,) are absolute
tyrannies—such as Russia, Turkey, And Austria.
They are based on the despo'tic doctrine,-that the
power of kings proceeds from God; and that it ia
sufficient to command the most implicit obedience.
Such governments transfer the people with the soil,
and deny to man the natural right of revolution.
Their language is, that no revolt, however success-
ful, can be valid against the consent of a parent
country; because the right of the parent"country-to
rule is derived from a power greater than mail!
Such a doctrine upsets title by conquest, and can-
not be countenanced by limitfed inonarchies, much
less by independent republics, resting on the will of
the people, and whose power over their ftilefs is it
limitable. France is a limited iiionarchy; and in
that government tlife "divine right of kings" has
been repudiated. It was set at naught when shfe
aided the American colonies, in their struggle
against Great Britain; and again when Louis Phil-
ippe was made a citizen King. Louis Philippfe does
not, de jure, govern France. He holds his power'to
command her people neither by discovery, by in-
heritance, by the popular will, nor by conquest. This
shows that, even in the transatlantic world, except
in the most unqualified despotisms, the de jure prin-
ciple is not recognised. In France, England, Spain,
Sweden, Prussia, Holland, Greece, and Belgium,
the doctrine will not be acceded to; for, to some ex-
tent, these governments rest on the will of the peo-
ple. The declaration of American independence,
and that of Texian also, asserts the fundamental
principle, that man is capable of governing himself;
and this self-evident truth impelled Texas to throw
off the Mexican yoke, and to take a place in the list
of republics. Does Santa Anna possess the power,
by divine right, to hold on to Texas? Is this gov-
ernment to await his pleasure for a full recognition
of Texian sovereignty? Who made him a King de
jure, to acknowledge the independence of Texas
only when he thinks proper? Can we not move in
the matter without his potential assent' He is a
usurper, not a ruler de jure. He has violated re-
peatedly the fundamental laws of Mexico, to which
Texas was a party, without her consent. His ty-
ranny towards the Texians, a gallant people, was
unsupportahle. He rendered himself a scourge to
the human race, and this authorized every foreign
power, that saw fit, to come to their rescue against
uch an oppressor. Well has it been remarked,
that "all antiquity has praised Hercules for deliver-
ing the world from an AntEeus, a Busiris, and a Dio-
mede."—See Vattel's Law of Nations, jtage 156.
In 1837, when the United States refused to receive
Texas, no nation had acknowledged her inde-
pendence. Then it was that Mexico had just
been using the most active exertions to subjugate
her; and her right to enter into treaties had not been
admitted by this and other governments. When-
ever one government acknowledges the indepen-
dence of another, and her right to make treaties,
then is it too late, according to English and Ameri-
can authority, to deny to her full and entire sov-
ereignty. The treaty between this government and
Texas, by which the two have been divided, is a
valid compact, and could not hereafter be set aside
by Mexico. It is a part of the general right of sov-
ereignty (say the Supreme Court) attached to inde-
pendent nations, "to fix the disputed boundaries be-
tween their respective limits; and the boundaries so
established and fixed by compacts between nations,
become conclusive on all the subjects and citizens
thereof, and are to be treated to ail intents and pur-
poses as the real boundaries."-—See 1st Peters's He-
ports, page 185.
In regard to contracts with revolted colonies, the
despotic rule is, that one government "has no right
to enter in to a oo nti act with, or to assist, the revolted
colony of another, before the same has been finally
recognised as an independent state by its oton govern-
ment, and if a state assist a revolted colony, it is just
ground for war on the part of the parent state."
This rule, if strictly applied, denies to every gov-
ernment which has admitted the independence of
Texas, and entered into treaties with her, the right
to do so, uutil Mexico has recognised Texas as an
independentgovernment. If it be correct, then are
all the compacts with Texas -Old; for, even to
acknowledge the independence of Texas, without
making treaties with tier, before she is clear of
Mexico, is assisting the revolted colony against the
parent country. And, m the language of the law
writers, such acts are calculated to encourage the
revolt; to alienate the allies of Mexico; to tarnish her
escutcheon, and to deprive her of national glory.
