£68
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifi.
He quoted, from the report of the commissioners,
the following passage:
It is stated, by respectably citizens of the place, that, for
one or two years past, the batture has gained nothing in
surface, but that every overflow raises itfrom six to twenty
inches higher. To reclaim the part embraced in the site, it
would be accessary to levee the outer edge of it, and drive
piles of great length, at low water, &c.
You are, then, to begin in the water, and raise up
your site, at an expense of $30,000, to six or twelve
•feet above high-water mark; whereas, at Natchez, a
point can be selected where there is no sand-bank to
De made solid—where the bank is 20 feet above the
highest water mark ever known in the memory of
man—and where there is a sufficient depth of wa-
ter at all seasons to float the vessels to be con-
structed.
On a question of such vital importance—not
only in a national point of view, but in par-
ticular to the commerce of the South and West—
was a decision to be made in the dark and without
a proper examination? He asked, was it not the
path of prudence and wisdom to adopt the sugges-
tion of the senator from Illinois, and have an exam-
ination and estimates made between this time and
the next session of Congress, so that it could be
known what grounds then were for giving any point
the preference of selection.
Mr. W. explained how battures were formed,
and showed that they are, from their very nature,
subject to constant change. So uncertain were they,
that it appeared preposterous to expect any work
constructed upon them could be permanent. With
regard to all the facilities afforded by Memphis,
Mr. W. proceeded to show that these advantages
were enjoyed by Natchez to a much greater extent.
He contended that the railroad from Savannah to
Vicksburg and Natchez would be much sooner
completed, and at a much less cost, than that from
Charleston to Memphis. He read other passages of
the commissioner's report to^how that 110 decisive
opinion was expressed exclusively in favor of Mem-
phis.
Mr. WOODBURY said lie intended to offer only
a few i-emarks on the subject under consideration.
His object was not to advocate the claims in con-
troversy, of any of the different places proposed for
a naval depot on the Mississippi. It would be
rather to show the importance of some such depot
and steamboat yard on the great western waters,
and to reconcile gentlemen, if possible, to a selection
of the particular spot by professional men—more
skilled in these matters than ourselves.
In order to harmonize, let us see wherein we dif-
fer.
Few of us, he believed, were now not deeply im-
pressed with the importance of extending public at-
tention to topics connected with the naval defences
of the country in the southwest. As the commerce
of the immense valley of the Mississippi increased,
and its population made such rapid strides in num-
bers, power, and wealth, they required and de-
served more protection.
And when we looked still further westward—to
our relations nearer the setting sun—none could be
insensible to the importance ol" due preparation to
meet any probable contingencies in defence of na-
tional rights and national honor. If necessary, let
us be armed to the teeth. But,, vast as were the in-
terests and regions affected by the proposed bill, he
thought its language too broad, ami, in its eommon
acceptation, liable to mislead and to excite some un-
deserved prejudice against its object. It contempla-
ted not only a naval depot, but a yard for repairing
as well as building all kinds of ships of war, as well
as mere steamboats. Now this was decidedly go-
ing too far for the draft of water at the mouth of the
Mississippi, and beyond what was required there in
connexion with the defence of the gulf of Mexico.
Only eighteen feet water at the Balize would be too
little for most frigates and all vessels of a larger size;
and, to think of constructing such vessels within the
mouth of the river—even at New Orleans or Nat-
chez, much less Memphis or Cairo—was ill-judged,
and, he presumed, was not really contemplated by
the friends of the bill. But the mover of it [Mr.
Foster] evidently desired only a place of deposite
for naval stores, and for building steam vessels of
-war of a medium size. If he did not, the place for
repair and building must be at the North, on the
Atlantic; or if in the gulf of Mexico, at Pensacola,
which might answer, as to water, for frigates; or the
dry Tortugas, where the water was deep enough
for all kinds of vessels.
Confine the design of the measure then to stean>
J vessels, and a depot for certain naval stores and na-
val manufactures, such as the chairman [Mr. Bay-
ard] has alluded to, and Mr. W. thought no great
difference eould exist in the Senate as to the pro-
priety of the leading object of the measure.
Depots could be made even higher up than Mem-
phis or Cairo, in a time of apprehension looking to
the lakes; and others as low down as Natchez or 'Ba-
ton Rouge, looking to the gulf. Scientific nautical
men might, on examination, propose more than one;
and, beyond a doubt, might regard the building of
steamboats, suitable to aid in the protection of our
commerce in the gulf, as at times more economical
and safe than in the remote North.
Though a northern man, and fully impressed
with the skill of our northern shipbuilders, yet he
was well aware that,, mtime of war, it might not al-
ways do to expose the vessels to capture or ship-
wreck, in the long voyage round the penin-
sula of Florida to the shores of the southwest. It
might, in some emergencies, be vastly important to
have new ones nearer, as well as facilities for re-
pairing old ones, and procuring many necessary
supplies. Place the latter, then, in deposite on the
Mississippi; build there, and have means to build
and furnish suitable steamboats for the gulf. Pore-
warned be forearmed.
What, then, do we differ about? It is merely the
point on the Mississippi where to commence
these essential operations. If that river were like
Staten Island, or old Point Comfort, or Boston
harbor, little difficulty would exist in the selection of
a place. But, instead of its being a single point, it
was a line of three thousand miles—and itself and
its tributaries studded with beautiful and enter-
prising cities, each emulous in the race for wealth
and power.
On what part of the line, then, should our labors
begin? This was the whole obstacle, in his ap-
prehension. No person had explored the whole
with a view to this, and ranged up even to
Louisville, Cincinnati, and Pittsburg—excellent
places for some kinds of boat-building, and still
better for some kinds of deposites and manufac-
tures connected with naval operations.
Memphis alone had been examined with this
vieiv—but not the others. Was it not, then, judi-
cious to have the others critically looked into by
skilful professional men before we selected? Was
it not proper for the public? It was of no conse-
quence whether any of these «ities had requested
it or not: but do not the public interests, do not
our convictions of public duty demand that all should
be examined before we decide? He thought they
did. And, in order to satisfy gentlemen and the coun-
try that delay was not the object of such a proposi-
tion, he, for one, was ready now to make the whole
appropriation desired if the bill was only amended
so as to require a full examination, and report by sci-
entific men, before it was expended, and authorize
the executive or navy department to expend it at the
place recommended by those men.
He was in favor of keeping all such selections
separated from party, political, personal, or local in-
terests. He, though a party man, wished to sever
such business from all kinds of party influence; and
hence, was willing to leave the selection entirely to
professional and skilful officers, discennected with
our political turmoils.
In the case of the dry-docks, several years ago, the
struggle was so severe to obtain them at different
places, that a similar course was then adopted in
order to obviate further delay and dissension; and
he trusted it might be imitated on this occasion. If
it was, he would vote for the bill; but if it was not,
he should feel obliged to support the amendment
providing for a survey of the different sites before a
selection was made among them.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered,
on Mr. Breeze's amendment; which, at the request
of some senators, was read by the Secretary of the
Senate, as follows:
"To strike out all after the. enacting clause, and
insert:
That for the purpose of selecting a suitable site for a
naval depot and yard at some point on the western waters,
the President of the United States be, and he is hereby, au-
thored to select an officer of the navy, of the rank of post
captain, and such skilful and competent topographical engi-
neer or engineers as he may designate to be associated with
such naval officer, whose duty it shall be to make an accu-
rate, minute, and scientific examination of some point at or
near the mouth of the Ohio; of Memphis, in the State of
Tennessee; and of Natchez, in the State of Mississippi, with
a view solely to the capabilities and advantages of each of
said places tor a naval depot and yard, for building, equip-
ing, furnishing, and repairing steamships and other vessels
of war for the use of the navy of the United States; who
shall report to Congress, at its next session, a detailed and
faithful statement of the several advantages and capabil-
ities of each of the said points, and a separate detailed
statement and estimate of the expense attending the con-
struction of said depot ahd yard, basing the same upon ac-
curate scientific examinations and surveys, to be made by
said engineer or engineers, under the superintendence of
the officer of the navy to be appointed as aforesaid; and,
for the purposes aforesaid, the sum of five thousand dol-
lars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Amend the title of the bill as follows:
A bill to provide for a scientific examination and survey
of certain points on the western waters, with a view to the
selection of a suitable place for a mival depot and yard.
The question was then taken, and resulted in the
negative, yeas 13, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Tlagby,
Breese, Buchanan, Clayton, Fairfield, Haywood, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Crit-
tenden, Dayton, F.vans, Foster, Francis, Fulton, Hannegan,
Huger, Huntington, JaBaagin, McDuflie, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Sevier,.
Simmons, Upham, White, and Woodbridge—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
which was adopted, being as follows:
That the President of the United States be, and he is here-
by. authorized to select and purchase a site for a navy yard
and depot at the city of Memphis, in the State of Tennessee,
and to erect such buildings and make such improvements
thereon as may be necessary for the construction and re-
pair, and for the accommodation and supply, of vessels of
war oi the United States; and that the President be author-
ized and empowered to purchase any water rights which
may he required to propel the machinery appertaining to
said navy yard, or which may be useful in the operations of
said navy yard; and that he be further empowered to re-
ceive any donations of land, water rights, or rights of way,
which the authorities of the city of Memphis, or any other
body corporate, or any person or persons, may deem proper
to make or grant to the government of the United States;
and that the sum of one hundred thousand dollars bo ap-
propriated to the objects aforesaid, out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill was reported back to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. HAYWOOD from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report on the claim of John G.
Tibbatts; which was ordered to be printed.
Then, on motion by Mr. HAYWOOD,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 11, 1844.
The journal having been read,
The SPEAKER said that the first business in
order was the report of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs on the subject of Hayti, and the motion of
the chairman to print 10,000 extra copies of said re-
port.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to submit a resolution to terminate
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the east- •
ern harbor bill at two o'clock to-day.
Mr. C. J. INGrERSOLL asked if his motion of
yesterday had not the precedence of that motion.
Mr. DEAN asked if it would be in order to move
for a suspension of the rules, to enable him to move
that the bill regtdating the pay of the navy be
taken un#
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Tibbatts] had already moved for a
suspension of the rules, and his motion had prece-
dence over all others.
Mr. ELMER called for the previous question,
which was seconded.
Mr. WHITE asked the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to allow him to add an amendment to his reso-
lution, to extend the time one hour; but the motion
was not in order at that time.
Mr. WHITE called for the yeas and nays, on
on ordering the main question, which being ordered,
were taken, and resulted in yeas 115, nays 43.
The question was then put on the adoption of the
resolution, and it was agreed to.
The next question was on the motion of Mr. C.
J. Ingersoll, to print 10,000 extra copies of the
report made yesterday by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, accompanying a bill for the relief of the
Spanish owners of the schooner Amistad.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the resolution by
adding a proposition to print 10,000 exti-a copies of
the report made yesterday from the Committee on
Manufactures, on the subject of the tariff.
