CONGRESSIONAL 8L0BE.
-Mr; RATHBUN called for a division of tie
question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said the practice which had
sprung; up of printing reports from committees was
becoming a great evil. They had, in some cases,
reports from individual members of committees, and
the printing of such reports by the House was in
fact the publishing, at the public expense, of the
speeches or arguments of members of the House,
on subjects in which those members felt an-interest.
Mr. WHITE said this case differed from those to
which the gentleman from Tennessee referred, for
the reports here were made by direction of a major-
ity of the committee.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he perfectly understood
it. Members wrote reports, -and then they were
brought into the House with the sanction of majori-
ties of committees. He should vote against the
printing of these extra copies.
Mr. HUDSON made a few remarks in favor of
the amendment.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SIMONS called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. C. JOHNSSON moved to lay the resolution
and amendment on the table.
The yeas and nays were called for and taken,
and resulted thus: yeas 88, nays 85.
So the motion was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the rules were
, suspended, and the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union,
(Mr. J. W.Davis in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of bill No. 203, reported from the
Committee on Commerce, making appropriations
for the improvement of certain harbors and rivers.
_ The pending question being on the amendjnent
proposed by Mr. Rogers, to appropriate 45,000
for the further improvement of the harbor at White-
hall, on Lake Champlain—
Mr. ROGERS urged upon the committee the ne-
cessity of making an appropriation for this harbor-
through which a large amount of commerce. was
conveyed—the whole commerce of the lake amount-
ing to between six and seven millions annually.
The amendment was also advocated by Messrs.
STETSON and DOUGLASS, and opposed by
Messrs. T. SMITH and McCLELLAND.
The discussion was further continued by Messrs.
WELLER, STETSON, SAMPLE, WHITE,
STEENROD, T. SMITH, HAMMETT, WIN-
THROP, and C. J. 1NGERSOLL—the three latter
gertflemen entering into explanations in relation to the
expenditures for the Boston custom-house, and the
responsibility for so large and so continuous an ap-
propriation of the public money.
Mr. BRENGLE next addressed the committee.
Mr. STILES stated that when it was determined
by the vote of the House that the harber bill, then un-
der discussion, should be taken out of committee at 2
o'clock, it was under the supposition that the short •
time which intervened would be confined to a dis-
cussion of the merits of the several appropriations
which remained; but, instead of a strict com-
pliance with that supposition, almost the whole time
had been occupied m party discussions and the
eternal disputes; that the bill contained the items
of appropriations for fifteen States and Territories,
and that four hours had been consumed and only
four States had been disposed of; that but fifteen min-
utes remained, anathe appropriations for ten States
had not been reached; that he, as a representative of
the State of Georgia, was interested in an appropria-
tion for the Savannah river, which was near the end
of the bill; and he asked, what time would be al-
lowed hjm to explain the merits of that appro-
priation? That if he had only been allowed time, he
would have explained by reference to the recommen-
dations of Col. Abert and the report of Capt. Mackey,
of the corps of topographical engineers, who, under
the direction of the government, had surveyed that
river from a point several miles above the efty to the
sea; and that, according to his estimate, the sum of
$70,000 was absolutely necessary for the improve-
ment of the navigation of Savannah river; and that
an appropriation of less than $50,000 would not on-
ly be attended witli little or no benefit, but involve
the hazard of a total loss of such lesser sum as
might be appropriated. He could have shown,
if he had only the time, that it was an appropria-
tion demanded upon every principle of equity and
justice—demanded by the commercial importance of
the city of Savannah; demanded on account of the
small amount which* the State of Georgia had ever
received for this object, from thegeaeral government;
and demanded, above all, because the obstructions
designed to be removed - were placed in that river
by the authorities of that day, for the purposes of
national defence.
What time, he asked, was allowed him to explain
the commercial importance of Savannah?- The
commercial importance of that city was scarcely
known. The value of the productions of which that
river might be considered the chief, if not the only
outlet, amounted, even at the present depressed
prices, to upwards of 9 millions of dollars, and was
daily increasing; whilst it formed the channel,
through which were imported nearly all the sup-
plies of Georgia, the southwest parts of South
Carolina, and portions of Alabama, Florida, Ten-
g ssee, and North Carolina. The exports and im-
ports, by an official statement which he had from
the chamber of commerce of Savannah, amounted
to upwards of 22 millions annually. The city was
one of the healthiest in the country. The bar, one
of the finest inlets from the ocean, far surpassed it
in facility and plainness of entrance. A perfect
stranger, it was said, with a coasting pilot in his
hand, even during a gale, could run over the bar
into good and safe anchorage. The river was the
deepest of the southern rivers, and afforded every
facility for navigation, until you reached the ob-
structions which it was the object of this application
to remove. Besides the inland navigation to the city
of Savannah, from the whole southern coast, and
from Macon, Augusta, and Charleston, it was in the
course of connexion by her railroads with the entire
West. Already there were railroads from Savan-
nah to the Tennessee river, the whole of which were
graded, and the greater part of the distance at this
moment in successful operation. As soon as these
works were finished—which would be in the course
of a very few years—they should, in Georgia, have
opened to them a steamboat navigation, extend-
ing to ten States and two Territories of this Union—
a connexion with the West and the Atlantic which
neither nature nor art would be able to obstruct;
which would neither be blocked up, like the northern
communications, by the ice of winter, nor yet, like
the southern hazardous channel, be closed up in
time of war by the naval power of an enemy.
It was not reflected that the nearest point from
the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers to
the Atlantic coast was the city of Savannah, whilst
the proposed connexion of that city and the West
would be less than one-half the distance that it
was by the present channels of communication.
Cong! ess might expend millions in improving the
navigation of the lakes and canals on the one hand,
or exhaust the most liberal appropriations in forti-
fying theTortugas on the other; but the people of
Georgia entertained little fear but that the trade of
the'"mighty West would take its shortest and safest—
its surest and cheapest, route to the Atlantic, through
the State of Georgia. They had little fear but
that the most high-wrought visions of enthusiasm
would soon dwindle into insignificance before the
splendid realities that time would develop on this
subject; and that ten years' experience would ex-
hibit results which the most excited imagination
would not now venture even to predict.
What time was allowed him, he asked, to show
that this amendment ami appropriation were demand-
ed on account of the small amount which the State
of Georgia had ever received for that object5
He had before him an estimate showing the imports
and exports, as well as the different amounts which
each State had received for internal improvements,
from tlie commencement of the government to the
present time. According to that statement, the
State of Georgia, with an export trade of nearly
nine millioss annually, had received only the pitiful
sum of $151,250 05; the little State of Delaware, with
an export trade of §36,844, had received $1,306,682
28. The State of Georgia furnished, according to
these statements, one-twelfth of the exports ofthe
country; and if this division of the public mo-
ney bore any comparison to the commercial impor-
tance of the different sections of the country, Geor-
gia, furnishing one-twelfth of the exports, should
lntve one-twelfth of the amount devoted to this ob-
ject, viz: §19,262,309 37; instead of that, she had
re'seived one-tenth of one-twelfth. He might refer
to other States, but comparisons were odious, and he
passed them by. He had referred to them not to
create a prejudice against those States, but simply
to show that, even if Georgia got the $50,000 now
asked by the amendment, she would not be even
then receiving anything like a proportion.
It was most of al! demanded because the ob-
structions were placed there for'-naUoftMs-defiince.
He had before him the most ample and jncontro*
vertible evidence of that fact.
This appropriation was not (as was ties case
with some petty towns of the lakes) asked for the
purpose of making a harbor where nature never de-
signed one; but it -was asked pimply to restore a har-
bor which nature had bestowed, and which necessi-
ty had taken away. It wafi asked only that
the advantages which nature had bestowed^ and of
which they had been deprived for the sake of na-
tional defence, might be restored. The fact of
the want of an artificial obstruction to the enemy
was evidence irresistible that there was no natvti al
obstruction. If the depth of the channel of the river
had not been sufficiently great to admit the large war
ships of the enemy, there would clearly have been
no necessity for sinking wrecks to prevent their ap-
proach to the city. The measure of sinking those
wrecks was sanctioned by the authority constituted
at that crisis, and was justified by the supposed
emergency; and was not a departure from the ordi-
nary mode adopted on such occasions. Not forty
miles from this spot, where we now sit in legislation,
in the Chesapeake, were vessels, during the last war,
sunk, opposite to Fort McHenry, to prevent the ap-
proach of the British to Baltimore, and which, as the
records of Congress which he held would show, had
been long since raised by the government, by means
of an appropriation for that object of $250,000.
In every instance when, in the course of na-
tional defence, it became necessary to take or de-
stroy property—to burn a house, lay waste a field,
or commit any other devastation—the government
had never hesitated a moment to remove the injury,
or compensate for the loss; and wherein did such a
case vary from this, except that there the injury or
damage could, by some computation, be ascertained,
whereas here it was incalculable? He had not*thc
vanity to believe that anything he could say would
change a vote; but he did firmly and confidently
trust in the magnanimity and justice of the House,-
that they would pass the amendment; that they
would remove-the obstructions; that they would ob-
literate, now and forever, these monuments of na-
tional injustice.
Here Mr. Stiles was cut off by the expiration of
the hour.
At 2 o'clock, the CHAIR announced that the
hour had arrived, when, in pursuance of the resolu-
tion adopted this morning, the committee must pro-
ceed to vote on the pending amendments, and such
as may be offered. The pending amendment was
that offered by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Rogers,] appropriating $5,000 for Whitehall
harbor, on Lake Ghamplain.
The question was taken on this amendment, and
it was adopted—ayes 76, noes 73.
The clause appropriating $50,000 for the im-
provement of the Hudson river, near Albany, being
read,
Mr. C. M. REED moved to amend it, by striking
out the "near," and inserting the words "above ana
below;" which amendment was rejected.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to strike out the whole
clause: rejected—ayes 41, noes 82.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY offered an amendment ap-
propriating $20,000 for clearing out and preserv-
ing the harbor of Baltimore: rejected—ayes 49,
noes 83.
Mr. K. offered another amendment appropriating
$10,000 for the same object; which was also re-
jected.
Mr. STILES offered an amendment to increase
the appropriation for removing the obstructions in
the Savannah river, from $20,000 to $50,000; which
amendment was rejected.
Mr. J. THOMPSON offered an amend-
ment appropriating $10,000 for removing the bar at
the mouth of Pass Christian, Louisiana; which
amendmentwas rejected.
Mr. TUCKER offered an amendment for remov-
ing the obstructions, and opening Iberville river,
State of Louisiana, $10,000; which amendment was
rejected.
Mr. LABRANCHE offered an amendment appro-
priating $20,000 for the removal of obstructions at
Bayou Lafourche, Louisiana; which amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CRANSTON offered an amendment appro-
priating $10,000 for surveying and clearing out
Black Stone river, Rhode Island: rejected.
Mr. C. also offered an amendment appropriating;
$10,000 for the harbor at Church's Cove. Rhode Isl-
and: rejected,
