824
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOESE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Belser.
May, 1844.
H. of Reps.
the United States the fulfilment of the stipulations of the
third article of the treaty of 30th April, 1803, with France.
The Texians have just claim against the United States for
indemnity for the expenditures and charges they were com-
pelled to incur in defending themselves against the inva-
sions of Santa Anna; and, m providing for themselves, by
their own means, that protection and security which the
United States were in good faith bound to have afforded.
<lThe United States are hound by the obligations of jus-
tice—by the ties of honor and good faith—to repair the
breach committed by the cession to Spain as soon as possi-
ble. A most fit and just occasion offers now, by the appli-
cation of Texas to be received into the United States. The
United States cannot, in honor, higgle about the debts in-
curred by the Texians in their defence. Honor and good
faith are above money and price.
"A lucky opportunity now offers to. repair the breach
made by the cession to Spain, and to fulfil as well the obli
gatio'ns of the treaty of 1803 to the Texians as the obliga
tions of the law of nature upon the United States as a na-
tion, in relation to their preservation and perfection.
"This concurrence of the law of nature and the obligation
of good faith, pledged by the treaty of 1803, imposes a duty
of an imperious character upon the United States to annex
Texas to the Union."
But to the treaty with Mexico in 1832. Let us
look to it, and then see whether, under the law of
self-preservation, that could be departed from in a
case of necessity. Here it is:
"There shall be a firm, inviolable, and universal peace,
and a true and sincere friendship, between the United States
of America and the United Mexican States, in all the extent
of their possessions and territories, and between their peo-
ple and citizens respectively, without distinction of persons
or places."
Assuming that there is a necessity for this gov-
ernment to feceive Texas on the principle of self-
preservation, Vattel, in his Law of Nations, page
448, declares:
■"Justiliable self-defence is no breach of a treaty of peace.
It is a natural right, which we cannot renounce; and, in
promising to live m peace, we only promise not to attack
without cause, and to abstain from injuries and violence.
But sometimes the violence offered to us will admit of no
other remedy than the exertion of open foice; and, under
such circumstances, we may lawfully have recourse to it."
There are other views of this question which
he (Mr. B.) desired to examine; and one of them
is the legal effect of the treaty entered into between
the authorized agents of the republic of Texas and
General Santa Anna and his officers, on the 14th
May, 1836, wherein the'parties agreed to the ratifi-
cation of Texian independence, and which agree-
ment liberated Santa Anna from captivity, and was
the means of saving that portion of his army who
escaped destruction at the battle of San Jacinto, and
under the command of Filisola. That part of the
treaty to which he referred was in these words:
"Articles of agreement and solemn compact made and
adopted by David G. Burnet, President of the republic ol
Texas, and the undersigned, members of the cabinet thereof,
on the one part, and Don Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna,
President of the republic of Mexico, and Don Vnicente
Kiiisola, general ot divisions, Don Jose Uiea, Don Joaquin
Ramires y Sesma, and Don Antonio Gaona, generals of
bngades of the armies of Mexico.
"4th That the President, Santa Anna, in his official capa-
city as chief of the Mexican nation, ami the Geneials Don
Vmcente Kilisola, Don Jose Urea, Don Joaquin Rannres v
Sesma, and Don Antonio Gaona, as chiefs of armies, do sol-
emnly acknowledge, sanction, and ratify the full, entiie,
and perfect independence of the republic of Texas, with
such boundaries as are hereafter set iorth and agreed upon
for the same."
He would now inquire whether or not those who
signed this treaty on the part of Mexico were her
agents? Upon this point there could be no doubt.
Santa Anna was, at the time, the head of the Mexi-
can republic—the man who gave law to it, and pos-
sessed of an influence over his countrymen almost
unexampled.
Was the treaty freely made by the representative
of Mexico5 or was it obtained m such a manner as
to destroy its binding efficacy? The defence of
duress, in this day, is rare; but here are some leading
rules in regard to it:
'•Actual imprisonment m a common prison, or elsewhere,
constitutes duress, to avoid an agreement, it the confinement
be unlawful"
uRrecatio juris mm hubtt injui tain -An imprisonment is not
deemed sufficient to avoid an agreement, obtained thtough
the medium thereof, if the party wab in piopei custody,
under the legular process, of a court of competentjurisdie,.
tion.5' (See Chitty on Contracts, page-24.)
''The general rule is, that the duress must be suffeied by
the par:y who enteis into the contract, and that if«? stranger,
not under its influence, eater into an agreement, to obviate
the duress which another undergoes, the agreement is
good*' (See Chitty on Contracts, page ifi)
"A treaty (in Latin, f&dui) is a compact made with a uew
to the public veliaie b\ tnw >uperior power, either for i e~-
petmrv, or for a considerable time(See VaUel, t>a£e
192.) '
From these extracts, he drew the conclusion: 1st.
That Santa Anna, when he signed the treaty as the
conquered head of the American republic in the
1 lands of the Texians, was just as much in "proper
custody" as if he had been placed in imprisonment
"under the regular process of a court of competent juris-
diction.^
2d; That although Santa Anna might have been
imprisoned when he signed the treaty on the part of
Mexico, yet such ivas not the condition of the "chiefs of
his armies" when they signed if, nor of his government
when they approved of it. Thus, says Chitty, if one
"not under its influence enter into an agreement to
obviate the duress which another undergoes, the
agreement is good."
If Santa Anna was the agent of Mexico at the
time that he signed the treaty, and Mexico after-
wards acceded to it, as a whole or in part, she is bound
by it, if the following quotations are law, and which
apply to nations as Well as individuals;
"The act of an agent, done without authority, may be
ratified by the principal, so as to bind him in the same "man-
ner as if an original authority had existed."—(See 9th
Cranch's Reports, page 153; and 1st Peters's Reports, page
496.)
"The ratification of the acts of an agent, whose acts had
been without authoiity, thus to give validity to such acts
as jfthey had been strictly authorized in the first instance,
may be done not only directly, but by collateral acts."—(See
3d Washington's C. C. reports, page 151.)
"Another consideration very important in cases of this
sort iSj that the principal cannot, of his own mere authori-
ty, ratify a transaction in part, and repudiate it as to the
rest. He must either adopt the whole or none."—(See Stoiy
on Agency, page 245.)
"And hence the general rule is'deduced, that, where a
ratification is established as to a part, it operates as a con-
firmation of the whole of that particular transaction tff the
agent."—(See Story on Agency, page 245)
"A ratification once deliberately made, upon full knowl-
edge of all the material cncnmstances, becomes, eo instante,
obligatory, and cannot afterwaids be revoked or re-
called."— (S&fcPaley on Agency, page 171 )
Let us, however, look into~ this question further,
according to the law of nations. Vattel, page 435,
observes:
"The necessity of making peace, authorizes the sove-
reign to dispose of the property of individuals, and the
eminent domain gives him a right to do it. lie may even,
to a certain degiee, dispose ol their persons?, bj virtue ol
the power which he has over all his subjects."
Again, as to whether a king, being made a pris-
oner of war, can make peace, • the same author re-
marks:
"Every impediment by which the prince is disabled from
administering the affairs of the government, undoubtedly
deprives him of the power of mating peace. Thus, a king
cannot make a treaty of peace during Ins minority, or while
in a state oi mental derangement. Tim assertion docs, not
stand in need ot any proof, but the question is, whethei a
king can conclude a peace \\ liile he is a prisoner of wai}
and whether a treaty, thus made, he valid7 *
"The captive sovereign may himt-elf negotiate the peace,
and promise what personally depends on him; but the treaty
does not become obligatoiy on the nation, till latified by
herseli, or by those who are invested with the public au-
thority during the prince's captivity, or, finally, by the
sovereign himself after his release."
Still further continues the same author:
"But if it is a duty incumbent on the State to use her best
efforts for piocunng the release of the most incon.sider,tble
of her citizens who has lost his liberty m the publie cnu«?e,
the obligation is much stronger in the case of asovereign,
whose cares, attention, and labors are devoted to trie
common safety 'ind welfare. It was in fighting lor his peo-
ple, that the p'lince, who has been made piisonei, fell into
that situation, which, to a person of his exalted rank, must be
wretched m the extreme. And shall that verj people Ins-
tate to deliver him at the expense of the greatest suci ifir eo ?
On <-o melancholy an occasion they should not demur at
an} thing shoit of the very existence ol the State
The return of Santa Anna and his army to their
country, on the condition that the independence of
Texas should be acknowledged, and the ratifica-
tion of some of the provisions of the tieaty entered
into for that purpose, is obligatoiy on Mexico, and
is tantamount, on her part, to an assertion of the
complete sovereignty of Texas.
But, sir, those in favor of immediate nnnexation
are called the war party. For one, he denied it, and
stated their character to be the opposite. The only
way to secure permanent peace was, icithout any de-
lay, to add Texas to this government. No step could
be taken so well calculated to advance the happiness
of Mexico, Texas, and the United States, and to
restore among their citizens mutual concord and
mutual fellowship. Let it, then, not be again said
that we die the war party. Wc desire peace with
Mexico and with the world; but we deny the au-
thority of any European government to interfere
with the Texian question. They have no right to
meddle with it. We qisturb not their mammons,
and will not permit them to interfere with ouis.
The American Union is not in a state of ■pupilage to
any power on earth. Her boast is, thnt she is free,
SOVEREIGN7, AND INDEPENDENT, AND capable OF TA-
KING CARE OF HERSELF, AND OF THOSE WIIO XilSLY ON
HER.
But, sir, after all, the great question involved in the
treaty now before the Senate for ratification is, shall
the slave institutions of the Sotfth be protected or
not? Shall the guaranties given in the constitution
on this subject be preserved or be disregarded? The
States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Ten-
nessee, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and the
Territory of Florida, have their mostvital interests
, staked on the issue. In the revolutionary war the
South fought for northern interests? in the last war
they again came to their aid; and the period
has arrived when the South wishes to know
whether the North are willing to reciprocate
protection. Is the North in favor of the Brit-
ish policy of abolition? Is she disposed to
throw aside the compact entered into by the
men of the revolution to gratify fanaticism? Is she
willing to aid Great Britain in establishing on the
southwestern frontier a mongrel population, consist-
ing of emancipated slaves m Texas, together with
West India negroes and European paupers* In a
word, does she desire to see this Union dissolved
by British influence? Does she intend to assist in
giving a death-blow to the cotton and sugar-growing
interests of the South, out of which she has realized
so much? These are pregnant questions, and should
be explicitly answered.
With the South, the issue of immediate annexation
is one of self-preservation. No non-slaveholding
government will be permitted to rear its head in
Texas, until those who now have slaves are exter-
minated. We know our rights, and dare do every-
thing to maintain them which becomes men. Aber-
deen, and Brougham, and their aiders and abettors
on this continent, may rant about humanity as much
as they please; but uslavery must continue tv exist in
Texas, or cease to exist in the United States."
We have a right, under the constitution, to have
our property protected. It is a part of the compact
of government that such protection should be afford-
ed; and it is not unreasonable to demand it of our
northern brethren. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States have confirmed the right. They have de-
cided that a citizen of the South may pursue his
slave into a non-slav eholding State, and on Sunday,
in the night time, or in the house of another, may
seize him; and that no person lias a right to oppose
the master in reclaiming his slave; and that if an
officer issue a warrant for the purpose of thwarting
his possession, he is a trespasser.—(See 3d Bald-
win's C. C. Reports, page 537.)
The enemies of representative government are at-
tempting to dissolve this Union. They have every-
thing to gain from such a catastrophe. The divi-
ding line which separates Texas from this govern-
ment is about 1,500 miles long. Great Britain well
knows it; and hence it is that she is assiduously em-
ployed against us. Haice it is that her statesmen
know all about the treaty, and the manner in which it
is to he disposed of here.
The people of South Carolina, Georgia.,
Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee T
Arkansas, and the Territory of Florida, will
have to prepare for the crisis. They, of all
others, are most interested in the acquisition of
Texas; and let them not be beguiled with the syren
song of peace, when there is no peace for them. Let
them gird on their armor, and be ready for the worst.
For one, Mr. 13. was for the treaty now, and as itis.
He did not desire to see a single sentence abstracted
from it. It was a plain document, easy to be under-
stood. Ilonoiable gentleman alight say that they
were in favor of annexing Texas, but against the
treaty. To believe in such declarations would re-
quire too much "generous confidence.Are you
for it, or against it? is the proper inquiry. If you
are m favor of Texas, cease your objections about
the accompanying correspondence, and march up to
the main issue. The people are not casuists; they
are for plain, honest, fair legislation. They are tired
of President making, and more especially when their
most pressing interests are made subservient to it.
Political idolatry is the bane of this republic.
And the abolitionists have no just reason for ob-
jecting to immediate annexation. If they are sincere
in their opposition to slavery, the fiuther it is re-
moved from tkem the better. Like the law of mer-
chandise, the slaves of the South "will find their
way to the best market, a"d wherever the lands are
the most fertile, there that snarket will be Slavery
now exists in Texas; and si.rely, to add Texas to
the United States would not change its real charac-
ter, or in any way increase it. To acquire Texas
would be to diffuse slavery, and to remove most of
that population from Missouri, Kentucky, Mary-
