510
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, offered an amend-
ment providing that all the appropriations made by
this bill shall be made under the direction of the
Secretary of War; which amendment was agreed
to.
. On motion by Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF, the com-
mittee rose and reported the bill to the House.
Mr. J. THOMPSON rose for the purpose
of stating a few facts in relation to this bill. It
would be observed that, of the bills which had been
reported, purporting to be for internal improvements,
one was for improvements in the western section
of the Union, the other for the improvements in the
eastern section.. He had taken the trouble to cast
up the amounts appropriated by each bill, and he
found that there were $668,100 in the western bill, and
$414,000 in the eastern bill. He took the bill with-
out the addition of the amendments on which they
were called on .to act. Where was this division of
the spoils proposed to be distributed? On turning to
the two bills he found that $962,000 were to be ex-
pended in the northern section of the Union, and
$120,000 in the southern section.
While in Committee of the Whole, he proposed
an amendment to appropriate $10,000 for the ac-
complishment of a work whose value and necessity
were set forth in a petition which he requested the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read the memorial of mail contractors,
persons engaged in commerce, and others interested
tn the communication between New Orleans and
Mobile, to show the necessity of such an appropria-
tion as that proposed by Mr. Thompson. He also
read a letter from the Postmaster General to Mr.
Henderson, of the United States Senate, in which
the bar and the obstructions which Mr. Thompson
proposed to remove were stated to have occasioned
failures of mails, &c.
Mr. McKAY rose and requested the gentleman
from Mississippi to yield the floor—the right to
which he would not sacrifice when this bill should
again come up—that he might move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of disposing of
the pension bill, which had come back from the
Senate with various amendments.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had no objection to
comply with the request of the gentleman from
North Carolina, provided he did not lose the floor
on the bill under consideration.
Mr. McKAY, therefore, moved to postpone the
further consideration of bill No. 203, being a bill
making appropriations for the improvement of cer-
tain harbors and rivers, until to-morrow, and stated
the necessity of disposing of this bill immediately,
the funds to pay pensioners having been exhausted.
The motion was agreed to, by a majority of 08 to
63.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. McKAY then moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; which was agreed to, and Mr. Boyd
took the chair.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up
the amendments of the Senate to the bill making ap-
propriations for certain revolutionary and other pen-
sioners; which was agreed to. He then explained the
nature of theamendments, and the recommendations
oft ho Committee of Ways and Means in relation
thereto.
The Commissioner of Pensions, in a report made
to the House id the commencement of the session,
stated that $150,000 would be wanted to pay ar-
rearages under the acts of 1838 and 1842; and
§110,000 for the purpose of paying arrearages under
the act of 3d March, 1843. The first amendment of
the Senate proposed to appropriate $180,000 for
these purposes, and the Committee of Ways and
Means recommended another modification of it, so
as to reduce the sum to $40,000, and to give to the
Secretary of War the power of transferring a sum
not exceeding $220,000 of the sum of $400^000 ap-
propriated to pay particular descriptions of pensions.
This power to transfer was proposed to be given in
consequence of an agreement of the two Houses to
provisoes to the bill, by one of which widows would
be deprived of pensions for the time their husbands
received pensions; and by the other, pensions would
be allowed from the time the application was
filed. He read a letter from the Commissioner of
Pensions in explanation, and expressed a hope that
the amendment suggested by the Committee of
Wavs and Means would be adopted.
1 he amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment of the Senate was next in
order.
Mr. McKAY explained its purport.
He said, by the amendment of the Senate, the pro-
vision of the bill prohibiting the receipt of a pension
and of pay for active service at the same time, was
restricted to officers of the army and the navy,
whose disability did not reduce them to employment
in a lower grade. Believing that there was no
reason why this restriction should not be extended
to officers in the civil departments, the Committee
of Ways and Means recommended such extension,
and the doing away with • the invidious distinction
of the Senate's amendment.
In relation to the amendment limiting the pen-
sions to the time of filing the. application, he said the
Committee of Ways and Means recommended a
disagreement, in the expectation that a committee of
conference would be appointed, at which some
equitable rule could be agreed upon.
Mr. DICKEY said it appeared to him that the
amendment of the Senate was the one which ought
to be adopted. The amendment proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means would bring the
bill back to its original form, in substance.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
decided in the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 59.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended; and being taken, was decided in the affir-
mative.
The last amendment of the Senate was then read.
Mr. McKAY said the Committee of Ways and
Means had recommended a disagreement to that
amendment, in the hope that a conference might be
had between committees of both Houses on the sub-
ject.
After some remarks from Mr. J. R. INGER-
SOLL,
Mr. OWEN said that he hoped the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] would bring
forward the amendment of which he spoke, to alter
the law as to the character of proof now required to
prove, in the cases of revolutionary widows, mar-
riages of an ancient date. Several cases were known
to himself, (Mr. 0.,) in which no human being
doubted the validity ofthe marriage—cases in which
all the proof had been adduced that was required in
most of the States to entitle to inheritance; and yet,
because no records of marriage at all had been pre-
served in the office of the proper county at that re-
mote period,the proof was considered insufficient,
and the pension refused. In regard to the proposal
to cut off pensions, under certain circumstances,
from revolutionary soldiers, one single consideration
would suffice to decide him (Mr. 0.) against it. He
knew, not one, but many cases, where persons actu-
ally entitled to pensions under the law had held
back, under the influence of an honest and honora-
ble pride, from claiming at the hands of gevernment
their legal due—had thus held back, so long as
they could do without such aid. To curtail their
pensions now, was to decide that those less scrupu-
lous, who had applied for relief at once, should re-
ceive it in full, but that those more modest, who re-
frained, until necessity compelled them, from an ap-
plication to the Pension Office, should,' when that
hard necessity—under the pressure, perhaps, of ex-
treme old age—did come upon them, and when, at
last, reluctantly they claimed their due, be ft>ld that
to them but a niggard pittance should be meastired
out, and that because they did not rush forward to
demand their pensions at once, they should not re-
ceive any back pension at all. A proposal produc-
tive of such effects he (Mr. O.) could not counte-
nance; and he hoped the committee would not coun-
tenance it.
The amendment was further debated by Messrs.
REID of North Carolina, SEYMOUR of New
York, and others.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate, it was decided in the af-
firmative—a yes 95, noes 33.
The committee then rose and reported the bill to
the House, and the question recurred on concurring
with the amendments of the committee.
The first amendment was concurred in.
The second amendment was not concurred in, the
vote being 55 in the affirmative, and 78 in the nega-
tive; and the amendment of the Senate was then
agreed to by a majority of 76 to 58.
The third amendment, limiting the commence-
ment of pensions to the filing of the application,
was next in order. Some debate ensued, in which
Mr. C. JOHNSON, Mr. HOUSTON, Mr.
HOLMES, and others took pa.rt.
Mr. SAMPLE moved the previous question, and
it was sustained by the House.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered on the question of agreeing with
the Senate's amendment; and being taken, resulted
as follows: yeas 102, nays 63.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr.PHCENfX: The petition of citizens of New York,
praying Congress to make appropriations for the improve-
ment ofthe navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
By. Mr. DANA: The petition of 137 inhabitants of Bellona,
Yates county, New York, for a reduction of postage, and
the abolition of the franking privilege: referred to the Com-
mittte on the Post Office and Post Roads.
, -By Mr. ROBERTS: The petition of sundry citizens of
Madison county, Mississippi, township 7, range 1 east, play-
ing Congress for a grant of land in lieu of the sixteenth sec-
tion in said township, (which is of no value:) referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The memorial of the board of
internal improvement of the State of Michigan, for the remis-
sion o 1 duties on the importation of certain railroad iron.
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition of Levi J. Hopkins,
and 120 other citizens of Cayuga county, New York, pray-
ing for the reduction of postage, and the abolition of the
lrankmg privilege: refened to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. BRODHEAD: A memorial signed by Thomas
McKeen, David Barnet, and 35 other citizens of eastern
Pennsylvania, against a repeal or any or change of the tariff'
act of 1842.
By Mr. BOWER: The petition of Wm. Hagood and 136
others, citizens of Lagrange, in the county of Lewis, State of
Missouri, praying an appropriation for the improvement of
the western waters: referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. J. W. DAVIS: The memorial and petitions of
John Huid, Amos Wilson, Wm. Davis, and James Combs,
and about 155 others, praying a grant of certain lands for the
extension of the Wabash dlld Erie canal, from Terre Haute
to the Oho river.
By Mr. McCLRRNAND: The petition of David Stiff, and
90 others, citizens of Gallatin county, Illinois, praying Con-
gress to appropriate a quantity of refuse lands in the Shaw-
neetown and Palestine land districts, til Illinois, and in the
Vincennes district in Indiana, for the improvement of the
navigation of the Great Wabash river: referied to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 12, 1844.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition of Albert Wil-
liams and Eliza A. Williams, of Oswego county, New Yoik,
praying a reduction of the rates of postage and the discon-
tinuance of the franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. T. presented two memorials of citizens of New York,
remonstrating against the annexation of Texas to the United
States; which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. T. also presented thirty-four memorials of citizens of
the State of New York, praying that no alteration may be
made m the existing tariff: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from citizens of
Oneida county, New York, and a memorial of citizens of
Shaftsbury, Vermont, severally praying that no alteration
may be made in the existing tariff; which were reiened to
the Committee on Finance
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying that the companies of horse artillery, in
the service of the United States, mav be restored to the con-
dition m which they were previous to the reduction of the
army in 1842, which was referied to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. S. also presented the proceedings of a meeting of citi-
zens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, in opposition to any
change of the existing tariff; which were leierred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two memorials of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying that no alteration may be made in the
existing tariff until experience had demonstrated that a
change of its provisions was necessary: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition from the citizens of
New Castle county, Delaware, praying that no alteration
may be made in the present tariff: referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr. Woodbridgi;
yesterday, was taken up and agreed to, viz:
Resoli'ecf, That the Secretary of the Treasury he directed
to transmit to the Senate such information as may remain m
the General Land Office relative to any conltiction which
ma} have heretofore occurred between existing regulations
of lire War Department, concerning the mineral lands, and
the regular and systematic execution of the land laws; to-
gether with a statement of such further legislation as may
seem to be indicated by the piactical execution of those
laws and regulations, witha view of prev ention of fuu'.ds,
the preservation of the simplicity of the general land sys-
tem, and to proper protection of the interests of the nation
in the mineral weaith of the unsold lands.
Several adverse reports of the standing committees, upon
private claims, were taken up and concurred in by the Sen-
ate.
i[r. FOSTER,, from the Committee on Claims, made an
adverse report on the petition of Wm. G. Brown, of Illinois,
praying compensation for services as paymaster of the Illi-
nois militia; which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr, ALLEN remarked that, a short time since, the sena-
