512
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 12,1844. ~
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. WELLER rose and moved a suspension of the rules,
in ord6r that the House might resolve itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, with a view, he
said, to'the transaction of the public business.
Mr. CAUSIN .asked the gentleman from Ohio to give way
for a moment, that he might present certain resolutions of
the legislature of Maryland.
M^l^AU^^^ykaVe, presented a resolution of the le-
gislature of the State of Maryland, requesting the members
from said State in the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States to give their prompt and earnest attention to the
till providing for the transfer of the stock held by the Uni-
te^ States in the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company to
the State of Maryland, and to expedite the passage of said
act through the said House by every means in their power;
which resolution was committed to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. C., by leave, also presented a resolution of the legis-
lature of the State of Maryland, requesting the senators and
representatives from said State in the Congress of the United
States to use their exertions to effect the passage of a law
by that body making the rescue of any runaway slave from
the inaster, or person authorized to apprehend the same, a
criminal offence, punishable by imprisonment m all cases
where the party offending shall not be able to remunerate
the injured party in damages, which resolution was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. C., by leave, also presented a resolution of the legisla-
ture of the State of Maryland, requesting the senators and
representatives of the said State in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to use their best exertions to have the bridges
over the eastern branch of the Potomac made free; which
resolution was referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WELLER then renewed his motion for a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. PH(ENIX asked leave to introduce a bill.
Objections were made, and leave was not granted.
The order of business, being the reception of reports from
committees, was called for.
Mr. HENLY observed that he had business to present to
the House which had been deferred for the last six weeks.
He was determined to have an opportunity to get through
"with the business which was thus accumulating upon his
hands, or he'would know the reason why.
On the motion to suspend the rules iorthe purpose of go-
ing into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the yeas and nays were demanded and ordered; and, being
taken, resulted thus: yeas 70, nays 81.
So the rules were not suspended.
The SPEAKER said that reports from the standing com-
mittees were iu order, and commenced calling for them.
The committee of Foreign Relations being called—
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland begged leave to inquire of
the Chairman of that committer if they were to expect a re-
port this session on the memorial of the Colonization society.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL replied that a report might be ex-
pected.
On motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
bfe discharged from the consideration of the petitions of Jane
Bean, Lydra Baker, Mary Sampson, Gertrude Thomas, Sa-
rah Foster, widow of Joshua Foster, Lucy Preston, Sarah
Hammond, widow of John Hammond, deceased, Mary Green,
Susannah Kimball, Elizabeth Randolph, Irena Marshall,
Nancy Richardson, the widow of James Richardson, Sarah
Scovel, Alanson Bills, Jonathan Chandler, William Keir,
Stephen Hedger, Mott Wilkenson, Samuel Larrabee, John
E. Milligan, David Mellen, John M. Roseberry, William
Stubblefield, Randal Smith, and Thomas Howard.
Ordered, That the said petitions be laid on the table-
Mr. McILVAlNE, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, made a report upon the petition of Arsenath Or*
vis. widow oi Gcrsham Orvis, accompanied by a bill l'or her
relief; which bill was read a first and second time, and com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. MciLVAINE, from the .same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the petition of William Cotton, which
was laid on the table.
Mr. BRINKERIIOFF, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported an amendatory bill foi the relief of Jonathan
Bean; which was committed to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. BRINKERIIOFF, from the same committee, matte a
report upon the petition of Robert Monroe, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which bill was read a fhst and &eoond
time, and committed to a t ommittee ol" the "Whole House.
On motion of Mr. BRINKERHOPF,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition ol
Margaret Evans, and that it be laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr CULL0M,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petitions oi Thomas
Haniugan. Jesse Clme, and Joseph II. Gilroan, and that the
petitions be laid on the table.
Mr, CULLUM, from the same committee, made an adverse
report upon the petitions ol Ainasa Biown and Jacob (. ohm;
which were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. OWEN,
Ortkied, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be dis-
charged from the consideration of the case of Henry M.
Shreve; and that it be referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents
On motion of Mr. OWEN,
O-dcred, That the Committee on Roads and Canal be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorial of Joshua
W. Kirk, relative to a guard for steamboats; and that it be
laid on the table.
Mr. OWEN, from the Committee on Roads and Canals, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate, entitled "An
 •;{ confirming and assenting to an act of the legistature of
Virginia, entitled an act further to amend the act incorpora-
ting the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal company," reported the
same without amendment
Ordered, The the said bill be committed to a Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, reported the following resolution; which was read
and agreed to: .
Whereas, from the great difficulty in ascertaining, even
after a view of the models or draughts now in the pos-
session. of the Patent Office, for what inventions patents
have issued, much time and labor, and often heavy ex-
penses, are incurred by persons in different sections
of the United States, in peifecting what they con-
ceive to be inventions originating with themselves, but
which, to their mortification, and often gieat pecuniary
loss, they find, upon application at the Patent Office, to have
been already scoured by other persons, thus rendering their
long and frequently expensive labors not only nugatory,
but absolutely discouraging to future attempts to render
service to the community and reflect honor on our country.
And whereas large sums are annually paid into the Patent
Office, and for patents—the investments thereof, after de-
ducting necessary expenses, amounting annually to about
$10,000—which surplus could be advantageously applied to
the benefit of the numerous class of citizens whose genius
leads them to the discovery of new and useful indentions,
and to whose benefit it seems reasonable that some portion
of the advantage received by the public should levert;
therefore
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents be, and they are
hereby directed to inquire into the expediency of making
the necessary appropriation out of the patent fund to pur-
chase an ample collection of scientific and other necessary
books, to provide for the publication and distribution of the
descriptions and diawings of the inventions for which pat-
ents have been granted; also what other provisions are ne-
cessary to give greater efficiency to the office, and a more
perfect arrangement of the models and drawings within the
extent of the fund arising fiom patents, and that the com-
mittee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HARPER, from the Committee on Patents, made an
adverse report upon the petition of Stephen McCormack;
which was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. OWEN,
Ordered, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petitions from citizens
of Ohio and Illinois, for an appropriation for the continua-
tion of the national road; and that they be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. PRATT presented a letter from Mr. W. H. Ward to
the Committee on the Public Buildings and Grounds, in re-
lation to the use of cast iron for various parts of the contem-
plated new building for the use ol the War and Navy De-
partments; which letter was laid on the table.
Mr. P., fiom the same committee, made a report upon the
subject of appropriating ground for the erection thereon of
a national monument, accompanied by a joint resolution for
land for a national monument, which wus read a first and
second time, and committed to the Committee of the Whole
Bouse on the state oi the Union.
Mr. P., from the same committee, leported a bill for an ad-
dition to the Patent Office; which wa« read a first a second
time, and committed to a Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union.
PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. PRATT, fiom the same committee, reported a joint
resolution, appropriating $500 towards defraying the ex-
pense of watering and cleaning Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr BURKE moved to lay it on the table, but subsequent-
ly withdrew the motion.
Mr. SUMMERS objected that this was an appropriation of
money, which could not be done in the form of ajoint res-
olution. If the appropriation was to be made, it must be
done in the form of a law.
Mr. G. W.JONES moved to lay the resolution on the
table, and called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays resulted thus—5 eas 81, nays 86.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
After a conversation between Messrs. ADAMS, HOUS-
TON, BURKE, PRATT, and others, the resolution was re-
committed to the Committee on Public Building, that its
form might be changcd to that of a bill
Mr. NES, from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, re-
poited the following bills, and they were read twice, and
committed:
A bill for the relief of Asa Davies.
A bill tor the relief of Daniel W. Church.
Mr. R. SMITH, fiom the same committee, made adverse
reports in the cases of John Howard and Darius Haw-
kins.
Mr, NORR1S, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
made an adverse report on the petition of John Sweeney;
and, on his motion, that committee was discharged from the
consideration of the memorials of citi/ens of Maine, Mas-
sachusetts, and New Hampshire, in relation to the break-
water at Lane Cove.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the annual estimates from
the Post Office Department, which were a few day s ago re-
ferred to the Committee ori the Post Office and Post Roads,
by mistake, weie referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means
Mr HOLMES, from the Committee on Commerce, report-
ed a bill to authorize the crection of light houses and lor
othei purpose*, which was lead twice, wn<1 committed.
Mr. PHCExN'JX, fiom the name committee, reported a bill
making provision for waiehousmg ceitain merchandise
and for other purposes; which was read twice and commit-
ted.
Mr. STEWART, irom the Committee for the District of
Columbia, reported back Senate lull incorporating George-
town College; which, otter some conversation, was com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER announced that the morning hour had ex-
pired.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the House resolved it-
self into Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
cMr. Wi\-thi'.op m tlu- chair.) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of bill No. 13a, making an appropriation of cer
tain moneys in the treasury for the naval service.
The bill was debated by Messrs. PARMKNTER,
SCHENCK, and C. JOHNSON.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee rise and report
^Mr^JAMESON said he hoped the committee would not
rise; but that this bill would be laid aside, and that the com-
mittee would take up the bill (No. 119) making appropria-
tions for the payment of losses sustained by the Missouri
volunteers in the Florida war.
The question was taken on the motion to rise, and decided
in the affirmative.
The committee rose, and reported the bill.
The bill was then, after being ordered to be engrossed,
read the third time, and passed. .
Mr. VANCE moved that the House resolve itseli into a
Committee of the Whole, for the consideration of private
bills. .
Mr. WELLER moved that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
purpose of taking up the bill making appropriations for the
army. . _
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if the motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, did not take
precedence over the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER said that it was in order to move to go
into Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union at
any time, but the motion made first would take precedence-
The next business in order, however, was the consideration
of private bills.
Mr. VANCE then withdrew his motion.
Mr. ELMER moved to suspend the rules for the purpose
of going into Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union.
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays on the question;
which being ordered and taken, resulted in—yeas 78, nays
81.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The SPEAKER observed that there were several bills 011
bistable on their engrossment, which would be taken up;
and
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, the bill for the relief of John
Frd.zer and George A. Trenholm was taken up, the question
being on its engrossment.
The bill was debated by Messrs. SIMONS, GRINNELL,
BOWLIN, ELMER, HOLMES, TUCKER, and GIDDINGS.
Mr. HALE moved the previous question, and it was sus-
tained by the House.
Mr. FICKLIN called for the yeas and nays 011 the ques-
tion of engrossment, but they were not ordered.
The SPEAKER put the question on the engrossment of
the bill, and 47 voted in the affirmative, and 49 m the nega-
tive—being less than a quorum.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. VAxtE and Tibbatts
were appointed, and they reported 73 in the affirmative, and
46 in the negative. The bill was then read the third time
and passed.
The House next took up on its engrossment, the bill for
the relief of Daniel Grant, and other owners of the fishing
schooner James and Henry.
The bill was opposed bv Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, and ad-
vocated by Messrs. HALE, BRINKERHOFF, DUNLAP,
SEVERENCE, and W1NTHROP.
After which, the question being put on ordering it to he
engrossed for a third reading, it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
It was then read a third; and on the question, Shall this
bill pass?
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON demanded the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, the question was taken, and decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays b2.
So the bill was passed.
The bill for the relief of Levi Eldridge and others, wasfuext
taken up and read.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the reading of the report;
which "was read.
The bill was then, after being ordered to be engrossed,
read the third time and passed.
NARRATIVE OF THE EXPLORING EXPEDI-
TION.
The bill extending the privilege of copyright to the au-
thors of the Narrative and Account of the exploring ex-
pedition was taken up.
Some debate ensued, in which Messrs. HALE, HOLMES,
MARSH, J. R. INGERSOLL, OWEN, ADAMS, J. W.
DAVIS, BURKE, WELLER, STEENROD, C. JOHNSON,
SIMONS, BARNARD, McDOWELL, SCHENCK, . and
others took part.
On motion by Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, the further consid-
eration of the bill was postponed until Friday next.
Mr. DUNCAN moved that when the House adjourn.it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
The yeas and nays were demanded.
Mr. DUNCAN withdrew the motion, and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day, were handed to
the reporters by the members! presenting them:
By Mr. HENLEY: The papers in the ca&e of John Hogg,
an applicant for a pension as a revolutianary soldier, were
withdrawn from the files, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of Thos W. Jordan,
of Portsmouth, Va., asking for pay for services rendered bj
him in the capacity of purser on board the Onkahye: refei
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of General Thomas Har-
per, William Sawyer, and 86 others, citizens of Lyken's
valley, Dauphin county, Pa., protesting against any inter-
ference with the tariff of 1842.
By Mr. CHAS. M. READ: The memorial of Lewis Mar-
tin and 198 citizens of Richland, Huron and Erie counties,
in Ohio, asking an appropriation for repairing and continu-
ing the work on the harbor at Vermillion, on Lake Eric
Also, the memorial of A- C, Swfnn and 65 citizens of Erie
