.626
APPENblX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Caldwell.
H. of Reps.
Here, then, is the declaration of "the great embodi-
ment of xohig principlesthat the question of pro-
tection is one of measure and degree only, and that
he adopts that of the compromise act.
Ifl had time, I should like to refer you to the
.various speeches of Mr. Clay, made during the 27th
Congress, in support of the same position. For ex-
ample, on the 21st of January, 1842, he is reported
to have said in the Senate:
"Carry out, then, (said he,) the spirit of the compromise
act; look to revenue alone for the support of government.
X)o not raise the question of protection, which, I had hoped,
had been put to rest. There is no necessity of protection,
for protection."
. In the same speech, he urged the passage of a law
taxing tea and coffee—not for protection, because we
do not raise these articles, but to prevent an increase
of the duties upon manufactures above the standard
of the compromise act.
| On the 6th of September, 1841, Mr. Clay opposed
the repeal of the tax on salt, upon precisely the
feame ground. Whilst the democratic senators were
powerfully urging a repeal of the duty on salt, that
every family m the land might buy, without tax,
this essential of human and of animal life, Mr. Clay
and his whig friends were opposing the measure,
on the ground that they were pledged to sustain the
principles of the compromise act.
It is needless, however, to enumerate proofs of
that which is known to the entire country. I will
merely add the crowning testimony of the whole
whig party in the 27th Congress, which is to be
found in the form of a solemn enactment of that
body. In the proviso to the 6th section of the act
for the distribution of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, it is declared that the distribution
shall be suspended whenever the tariff on any arti-
cle of imports shall be increased above 20 per cent.,
the standard of the compromise act; and shall con-
tinue so suspended till the duties shall be brought
back to that standard.
Here, then, the testimony is complete, that the
27th Congress came into power, virtually pledged
to the country to maintain inviolate the principles
of the compromise act; and yet, before the close of
that very Congress, in the passage of the present
tariff law, they grossly, flagrantly violated their
plighted faith to the nation.
ft is a remarkable fact that Mr. Clay, after acting
the part of dictator for that Congress in all its im-
portant measures, should have left the Senate of the
united States just before the passage of the tariff
act of 1842. May we not infer that he did it to
avoid voting upon a bill which violated all the im-
portant principles of the compromise act, to which
he was so indissolubly pledged—a bill more iniquit-
ous than that of 1828, which he himself had pro-
nounced disgraceful to the nation?
The very essence of the compromise act was a
maximum rate of ad valorem duties, with discrimi-
nations below the maximum only; and this princi-
ple was urged and advocated by Mr. Clay in a
special and forcible manner, before he resigned his
seat in the Senate.
The act of 1642 abandons not only the maximum
limitation, but the entire ad valorem principle. It
is so artfully worded, and its iniquities so concealed
and covered up under what they call minimum val-
uations and specific duties, that it is almost impossi-
ble to detect the frauds by which such injustice is
inflicted on the people. I will give you one exam-
ple, however, of the cunning to which they resort-
ed in framing that bill. They declare that all cali-
coes or other cotton goods, printed or dyed, which
do not exceed 30 cents per yard in value, shall be
valued at 30 cents, and a duty of 30 percent, laid on
that valuation. The plain English of this is, that
every yard of calico and other cheap colored cotton
goods, shall be taxed 9 cents. And I insist that it
would have been more honest to have expressed it
so in the law. This amounts to a tax of 150 per
cent, on calico that may cost 6 cents a yard, 100 per
cent, on that which may cost 9 cents, 50 per cent,
on that which may cost 18 cents per yard, and 30
per cent, on that which costs 30 cents. Why did
they not come out in the bjll, throw off this villan-
ous fraud of minimum valuations, and in plain lan-
guage declare that the cheaper calicoes which the
poorer class of farmers and mechanics buy for then-
wives and daughters, shall be taxed 100 and 150
per cent, on their value, whilst the finer calico,
worn by the more wealthy, is only taxed 30 per
cent?
But we are told that these rates of duty are not
always actually paid, because many of the cheaper
articles are entirely prohibited by the tariff of 1842.
If this be true, then I adduce two important facts
from it. First, that all their declarations about ad-
vocating a revenue tariff are false; for if certain ar-
ticles are prohibited by the tariff, it ceases thus far
to be a revenue measure, but on the contrary, is at
war with commerce and the revenue. Secondly,
that the additional burden imposed on the people
by the tariff upon these articles, goes not to supply
a revenue to the government, but to bestow bounties
upon capitalists and manufacturers.
But I will call your attention to a calculation
which I have made in the following table, compiled
from the report of the Committee of Ways and
Means, from which you will perceive, in tiie first
column, the amount of duty imposed by the act of
1842, according to calculations made at the treas-
ury; and, in the second column, the duty imposed
by said act, according to calculations based upon
actual importations.
If I were disposed to select the articles taxed the
highest, I might take window glass, glass tumblers,
and other glass ware, wood screws, hoop iron, iron
wire, and a variety of other articles, which are
taxed 100, 200, 300, and, in some instances, nearly
400 per cent, on their original cost. But, as my
object is to make a practical illustration of this sub-
ject, I have selected seven of the articles mostncccs-
sary and in universal use among the farmers. Here
is tne table:
Articles.
Cotton good;? not dyed, not worth
more than 20 cents per square
yard, shall be valued at 20 cents,
and a duty of 30 per cent, on that
valuation -
Cotton goods colored or dyed, not
worth over 30 cents per square
yard, to be valued at 30 cents,
and a duty of 30 per cent^ on that
valuation -
Bar iron -
Chains used by farmers
Cut nails -
Brown sugar
Salt -
ta S
£ OJ2
rS
« to "8
^ +2
'-S a
43
77
93
43
71
61
3 2
£ c *
■a S E
95 to 160
31 to 16-J
75 to 120
30 to 175
89
Co to 190
100 to 170
On these seven necessaries of life, (and one of
them, at least, is as necessary to human existence
as the very air we breathe, or the light of heaven,)
the average tax, from the above calculation, based
on actual importations, is 111 per cent.; from calcu-
lations made at the Treasury Department, the
average on these articles is 62j per cent.
I might, with great propriety, lake the former as
the actual rate of duty upon these articles; but
to place my argument beyond cavil, I will descend
below either of these calculations, and assume that
the average tax on them is 50 per cent. Thus, for
the sake of certainty, I have conceded greatly more
than I ought. Having now fixed the average tax
upon these articles in daily use among all my con-
stituents, I will proceed to examine its practical
effects upon their prosperity.
By way of illustration, I will take a fanner of
my own district, with whose pursuits,interests, and
wants, J am most familiar, and suppose him to have
two or three sons large enough to assist linn in the
c.ultuie of his little lann. This man and his boys,
by great industry, in addition to the grain and
other crops necessary for his family, may raise
three hogsheads of tobacco. This is the surplus
produce of his farm, worth, at per hundred
weight, §135. Here then is his net income, with
which lie buys sugar, salt, iron, calico, cotton goods,
and other stores necessary for his family and farm
All of' these articles are, by means of the tariff,
taxed before he buys them, at least 50 per cent., as
I have shown; consequently the farmer's 35 v. il!
only buy as much of these aiticles, thus taxed, as
$90 would buy if they weie not taxed. The re-
sult is the same, then, to the farmer, as if the govern-
ment had an agent, who would meet him at the
warehouse, and demand from him every third hogs-
head of his tobacco, or call on him at his dwelling,
and demand $45 of the §135 for which he had sold
the hard-earned product of his labor. -
If this were necessary to support the government,
oppressive as it is, and enormous as is the amount
of tax thus clandestinely filched from him, his pa-
triotism would prompt him, without a murmur, to
yield to the onerous exaction. But what must be
the indignation of our cheated and deluded people
when they come to learn the truth, stripped of all the
disguises which the crafty avarice of the manufac-
turer, and the artifice of unscrupulous politicians
have thrown around it?
By reference to the statistical tables and reports,
which X have not now time to lay before the com-
mittee, it will be seen that, of all the articles of the
descriptions I have enumerated, greatly more than
one half is produced in the United States, and con-
sequently much less than one half is imported from
abroad. Now, as the price to the consumer con-
sists of the original cost, with the duty and cost of
transportation added, it is unquestionably true that,
so long as the tariff is a revenue and not a prohibit-
ory tariff, the home producer can still come in com-
petition with the foreign article, and demand for his
goods a price equal to the foreign cost—the cost of
importation and the duty. Thus you will perceive
that more than one half of this tax goes, not into the
public treasury, but into the pockets of the manu-
facturers who, wallowing in ill-gotten wealth, flock
around the Capitol when the tariff question is dis-
cussed, and, by means of their arts, their in-
trigues, and their power, have for too long a period
(to the shame of our country be it said) controlled
and governed the legislation of this free and mighty
nation.
And this, they say, is to protect home industry.
Sir, it is to plunder by far the most numerous, hon-
est, worthy, and pure portion of our people—the
support of our government in peace, and in war the
defence of our household gods and our firesides.
And why this legalized plunder, in a land boasting
of its freedom? Why will you fraudulently, and
under this foul disguise, make our toiling farmers
pay tribute and bounties to the rich manufacturers
of the East, who, upon their princely capital, by
means of this unrighteous system, are reaping a
dividend of 20 and 30 per cent.?
The paltry tax on tea, which cut so important a
figure in producing the revolution, was but an atom
compared to this mammoth weight under which our
farming interest in the West is staggering and tot-
tering to its fall.
Let not the advocates of this oppressive system
flatter themselves that the people will longer quietly
endure it. The blood of our revolutionary fathers
still flows in the veins of their sons. Taxation and
oppression arc as odious now as then. A resort to
arms was the only remedy left to them: a resort to
the ballot-box will, I trust, be sufficient now; and I
am sure that the remedy will be as promptly ap-
plied, and the rout and discomfiture of the enemy,
though less sanguinary, will be as terrible, and the
vindicaton of the rights of the people as triumphant.
But we are told that England lays a most enor-
mous tariff on our tobacco, and that we ought to re-
taliate. This is an argument well calculated to de-
ceive, and often urged by demagogues. Why does
England impose so heavy a duty on tobacco? Is it
to protect English labor? No, sir; it is one of the
devices of that despotic government to wring from
her oppressed and starving people the means of sup-
porting her enormous debt, her profligate aristoc-
racy and licentious nobihiy. England cannot exist
without taxing her peasantry to the very verge of
starvation. She resorts to all the arts of ingenuity
and oppression. Instead of taxing tobacco for pio-
tection to her home industry, her people are piohib-
ltfd, by highly penal laws, from raising tobacco.
Thus, for the sake of getting revenue, she forces
her people, if they use tobacco, to buy ot us; and,
by that means, gives us a monopoly of the market.
But gentlemen say that the English cannot buy as
much of our tobacco as if it were not so highly tax-
ed. I admit it; but still it is a well-known fact that
we sell more tobacco to England than to any oth< r
nation on earth. But suppo-e it weie not so: how
are we to remedy the evilr England, by a most op-
pressive tax on her own people, w ho use tobacco,
deprives them, to some extent, of the means of
buying as much of that aiticie as they want, and, to
that extent, lcr^eus our uiaiket. Now we are told^
we ought to retaliate. This is the plain English of
the argument: because England, by a most oppres-
sive tax upon her people, lessens to some extent
