; ; V yA'P^5
«t.obe.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong IstSess.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17, 1844.
[ Continued from jvo. 32.
S?U+K^i Peniisylvania, without party distinction, approving
01 tne tariff of 1642, and remonstrating asrainst Congress
making any modification. Also, the memorial of Joseph A
Kankm and 100 citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania,
oitnesame import, and remonstrating .against the passage
oi the bill reported-by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Also, the remonstrance of John King and 38 citizens of Mc-
Kean county, Pennsylvania, against any alteration of the
tann ot 1843. Also, the memorial of Lyman Robison and
7o citizens of Wattsburg, Erie county, of the same impoit.
Also, two petitions, signed by B. Bartholomew and 145 oth-
er^. barren county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
establish a mail route on the road fiom Kusselburg to Sugar
Orove, in said county, and to establish a post office at
.Beachwood Four Corners. Also, the memorial of J. B.
l^oomas and 71 citizens of Clarion county, asking a reduc-
tion m the rates of postage, and remonstiating against the
present rates as unjust and oppressive.
By Mr. WETH&RED: The memorial of John "Williams.
George Riley, and 102 others, in the neighboraood of Frank-
lin and Powhatan, Maryland, earnestly remonstrating
against any charge in tiie tarjfl'law of 1812, which is restor-
ing the country to prosperity.
By Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of John J. McCaughan
ana sundry other citizens oi Harrison county, Mississippi,
praying a grant of certain lands in said countj', in lieu of
certain sixteenth sections, which are valueless or other-
wise appropriated: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. I he petition of William C. Seaman, ofBiloxi, Mis-
sissippi, praying indemnity for the loss of the schooner Paw-
line, seized, condemned, and sold, under an alleged forfeit-
ure of her coasting license: which'was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: The memorial of citizens
oi Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
any alteration in the existing tarifl'law of 184:2.
Bv Mr. AUGUSTUS C. DODGE: The petition of citizens
of pes Momes county, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Burlington via Henry Settle's and John
Salliday's, in Benton township, to Toolsborough, in Louisa
county, Iowa: refeired to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. The petition of citizens of Lee county
earnestly remonstrating against a repeal of the act of March
3, 1843, which provides for rerunning and remarking the
northern boundary of the half-breed tract, (so called,) m
the county of Lee: referred to the Committee on theiudi
ciary.
Volume 13....No. 33.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 13, 1844.
On motion of Mr. HARPER, by leave, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to this House an authentic copy of the contract
for making the sixth mile of the Cumberiand road west of
Zanesville, Ohio; together with a r.opy of the notes of Mr.
Knight, on which the contract was founded; and the notes
of Mr. Carpenter, according to which the contract was com-
pleted; and copies of the depositions of John Kerr and John
Brady; and also the survey of James Bovle and Charles
Itoberts.
On motion of Mr. SUMMERS, by leave,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, requested to furnish to this House copies of any
letters or communications which may have been received
at that department from Commodore M. C. Perry, command-
ing the United States naval forces on the western coast of
Alrica, touching the condition of the colonial settlements
on that coast, or in reference to any intercourse or negotia-
tions which he may have held with the native tribes.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of going into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to finish the con-
sideration of the army appropriation bill, which,
some time since, was laid aside to enable the Com-
mittee of the Whole to act on the bill from the Com-
mitteee on Retrenchment to regulate the pay of the
army.
Mr. VANCE hoped the House would not agree
to the motion, and thereby set aside the private cal-
endar.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called the gentleman from
Ohio to order, remarking that the subject was not
debatable.
Mr. RAMSEY called for the yeas and nays; and,
being ordered, they resulted thus: yeas 90, nays 57.
So the rules were suspended.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole, (Mr. Weller in the Chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropriations
for the pay of the army.
Mr. McKAY proposed to amend the bill by in-
creasing the item of appropriation for the pay proper,
in order to make it conform to the bill which lately
passed the House regulating the pay of the army,
and establishing the salary system, and dispensing
with allowances for subsistence, &c. The aggregate
Appropriation, he said, would not be increased,
though it was necessary that this item should be in-
crease^.
Mr. VANCE observed that the gentleman was
proposing to regulate the appropriations according to
a system proposed in a bill which had not become a
law.
The amendment was debated by Messrs. BAR-
BLACK, HALE, and
Mr. HOUSTON (in reply to some remarks from
Mr. White) said he could not understand the ob-
ject of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. White.]
He seems to have great fears of giving offence to the
Senate; and says that, by adopting this amendment,we
will be guilty of discourtesy to that body. Mr.
H. did not think so; he understood that we were the
immediate representatives of the people, and cer-
tainly presumed to know their interests and desires:
we were responsible to them, and not to the Senate.
His course in legislation had been, and ever should
be, independent of the opinions or views of any
other department of the government. His guide had
been, and ever should be, the interest of the people;
and when he believed their interest required particu-
lar action from him, if it were not in conflict with
the constitution, he would so act, regardless of the
opinions of the Senate; and in that action, he would
not "consider himself discourteous to that body.
This House had passed a bill which was now before
the Senate, retrenching the expenditures of the gov-
ernment; we had, by that act, declared certain offi-
cers to be unnecessary and useless; we had also re-
duced and curtailed other expenditures, and it is
now for the Senate, upon its own proper responsi-
bility to the country, to pass or reject that bill;
the representatives of the people have indicated
, dieir will, and if the Senate choose to disregard
it, let them do so. We have done our du-
ty; and I desire the ' people to know it. We
have proposed a retrenchment, (I do not know the
precise amount, though large;) and if the Senate re-
fuse to concur with us, let them sav so, and let the
country decide between us. Mr. H. said he would
not consent to place himself and this House in the
ridiculous attitude of passing a bill declaring certain
officers and salaries useless, and immediately upon
the heels of that proposed retrenchment, pass a bill
making appropriations for those very officers and
salaries. He hoped this House would never be
guilty of so gross an inconsistency. Let us but do
our duty, and leave the results to our constituents.
By them he was willing to be judged. To their de-
cision he would cheerfully submit. He was unwil-
ling, however, to acknowledge such responsibility to
the Senate. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
White] says the passage of a bill through this
House is not even presumptive evidence that it will
pass the Senate. lie thought otherwise, and would
act accordingly. He presumed the Senate would do
its duty; and it was its duty to pay great defer-
ence to the action of this House, the immediate
representatives of the people, and fresh from the
bosom of their constituency. If other gentlemen are
subservient to the other branch of the national legis-
lature, let them be so. He knew it was competent
for the Senate to reject our retrenchment bill. It was
also competent for that body, in that event, to so
change this bill as to make it conform to their ac-
tion on the other. They can reject this provision if
they choose; and if they reject the other bill, he pre-
sumed they would add appropriations to this, so as
for them to conform to each other: and when the
Senate shall have so acted, and sent the bills back
to us, then will be our time for action, when We find
that the Senate is determined to defeat the economy
and saving of the public money we propose. Then
we will be driven to the fatal necessity of yielding to
their extravagance; until then, he would not pre-
sume the Senate intended to disregard the will of the
people, and trample their interests under foot.
Mr. T. SMITH said he was of the opinion that
this House ought to make its action consistent.
When the retrenchment bill was taken up, this bill
was laid aside, that the House might be advised as
to what alterations they were disposed to make, and
make the appropriations to correspond with these
alterations. They had passed that retrenchment,
making a reduction of about half a million of dollars;
but gentlemen said that bill was not yet a law, and
that this House must await the action of the Senate.
So far as the House was concerned, that §ct was a
law; and he would not ^esire to have the Senate left
in doubt as to the intention ofthe House. He would
not have the sincerity of the House questioned; and
it must be, necessarily, if they first pass an act
making reductions, and afterwards continue the ap-
propriations as if no such act had be$n p«sse(l.
Mr. WHITE wished to say a very few words in
reply to the gentleman from Indiana. The gentle-
man said that this bill was not to conform to the
law as it was, but to the law as it is. Now that was
just what he wanted. The law, as it was, had not
been changed one iota by the passage of the re-
trenchment bill.
Mr. SMITH said his reference was to the law,
so far as this House was concerned; and he so
stated it.
Mr. WHITE, That was true, but the terms of
the gentleman were calculated to mislead. He con-
tended that the House should now act in reference
to the existing laws; for the mere passage of the re-
trenchment bill, without the action of the Senate and
executive, had not changed the existing state of
things. To pass the bill with this amendment
would be legislation without precedent, and an
anomaly on our statute book; it would be legislation
in reference to an act not consummated in the other
body. If the retrenchment bill had passed the.Sen-
ate, he would have seen great propriety in "voting fos*
the amendment; but as it had not passed that body,
the House had no right to legislate in reference to it.
Now, he would say to all those who voted for that
bill, now hanging in the Senate, (the army retrench-
ment bill,)—and he would say it with the utmost re-
spect—that that bill, from the beginning to the end,
was a bundle of imperfections and absurdities, as
well as a piece of injustice to our little army. Mr.
W. then went on to explain his objections to that
bill. Why wasit, he asked, that the spirit ©f econ-
omy had so suddenly got into the democratic party
on the eve of a presidential election? When wasit
that the army was so suddenly raised up from 8,000
to 12,000 men? It was in the democratic Congress
of 1838, and the pay of the army was increased, at
that time, to what it now is. When was the army
cut down to the present skeleton establishment? - It
was in the whig Congress of 1840. Now that the
army was brought down to the present skeleton es-
tablishment, he would not cut down its pay; and
least of all would he do it on the eve of a presiden-
tial election.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana rose to ask the gentle-
man a question. The gentleman stated that the
Congress of 1838 was a democratic Congress. Now,
he would ask the gentleman if he was not mistaken
in that statement. He had a perfect recollection
that the House of Representatives, in 1838, was a
whig House.
Mr. WHITE observed that the gentleman seem-
ed to be a long way behind the history ofthe times.
He could inform him that, during the whole term of
Mr. Van Buren's administration, therewas-no period
in it that the democratic party had not a majority
in both Houses. Now, to return to the army bill.
He would go for no retrenchment on thn eve of a
presidential election; but he particularly objected to
the retrenchment bill as unequal and unjust. In re-
trenching either the army or the navy, he would
take the information of men conversant with both
branches of the service, and on that information he
would regulate the pay of both commensurate with
the services performed, and the importance of the
stations they filled. Mr. W. continued his remarks
in opposition to the retrenchment bill, and particu-
ly objected to the reduction of pay.
Mr. J. A. BLACK replied; and gave a statement
of the pay of the officers of the army as regulated
by the retrenchment bill, to show that it was'gradu-
ated on a scale both liberal and just. A major gen-
eral gets over $5,000, and a brigadier general $,3J00
per annum. The lowest colonel of the army gets £9
a day. Now, he would suppose that the services of
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky were worth
as much to his country as a colonel's, and yet the
gentleman was contending that the colonel did not
get enough.
After showing the liberal pay allowed to the other
officers, Mr. B. remarked that the lowest lieutenifllt
