514
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
now gets more than a captain during the last war.
Now, if this scale of salaries was niggardly, he did
not know what liberality meant. In conclusion,
Mr. B. said that whether the retrenchment bill pass-
ed the Senate or not, the argument of the gentleman
•would not apply to the question before the House.
The gentleman's argument might go against action
at this time, but not against the amendment.
Mr. DROMGOOLE expressed his regrets that
any allusion had been.made to the probable action
of the Senate on the army retrenchment bill. He
was inclined to believe that any argument in relation
to the probable action either of the executive or the
Senate ought never to be used in this House. The
House was responsible to the country for its action,
without reference to the other branch of the legisla-
ture, which acted on its responsibility, and in ac-
cordance with the dictates of its own judgment.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. White] seem-
ed to have founded his remarks on some floating
idea of the state of things during the last Congress,
and the relative condition of the two Houses to
each other. He should not follow the gentleman in
his discussion of the army retrenchment bill passed
by this House, which he had denounced in no meas-
ured terms. He conceired it irrelevant to discuss
that now. He conceived it disrespectful to speak in
harsh terms of the action which had been had upon
it; and, he (Mr. Dromgoole) certainly would not
do it; nor could "he agree with the gentleman from
Kentucky in his supposition that his friend who in-
troduced it had done it in reference to the coming
presidential election. Could they suppose that that
gentleman had any such object' No. His charao
ter and standing would preclude such an imputation.
Mr. WHITE disclaimed any such imputation.
Mr. DROMGOOLE resumed, and said he could
not understand the inuendoes of the gentleman in
any other way. Allusion had also been had to the
supposed action of the Senate; but he begged leave
to-say that the composition of the two Houses of
Congress had been changed since the last Congress,
and now they were not governed by out-of-door ar-
rangements among themselves. In the Senate, at
the commencement of the last Congress, a rule was
laid down, to which this branch conformed; for it was
repeatedly said here that there was an iron rule en-
acted out of doors from which no departure could be
had. There was, however, no such state of things
now, thank God for it, and the change on the public
sentiment.
[The honorable gentleman here read the resolutions
introduced into the Senate of the United States at the
commencement of the extra session of the 27th Con-
gress, in 1841, to prescribe and limit the business of
that session.]
He begeea
I especially to call the attention to the
phraseology of these resoultion3 by which it would
be seen that the Senate of the United States under-
took to prescribe the business of the Congress of the
United States. To be sure, thene resolutions were
laid on the table; but the action of each branch was
conformed to them, and hence by caucus delibera-
tions and out-of-door arrangement, was a limitation
made of the business of Congress. If he was mis-
taken in this, he should be glad to be set right, and
there were several gentlemen on this floor who could
set him right if he was in error. The gentleman
tVom Kentucky had then the honor to preside over
this body, and as such high officer he had the power
to give complexion to the committees of this House.
But such arrangement, he repeated, would not do
now. They had been vetod by a popular, and not
an executive veto; and that state of things had been
changed by the voice of the community, and this
House was now permitted to exercise its constitu-
tional rights to legislate according to their own dis-
cretion under their own solemn responsibilities.
It was objected to the proposition now made, that
it did not conform to existing laws; but it was con-
sistent, as he understood, with a measure which had
previously received the action of this House. It
was said that the measure which had heretofore
passed this House had not become a law. Why,
such an objection 'might be raised to every act of
•his House until it received the concurrence of the
Senate and the approval of the executive; but what
would be the result in practice of such arguments.
Must they totally disregard what they had
tone, or await in solemn silence the action of
the Senate and of the executive, until their
pleasure was known. Would it not be better,
and more consistent with the dignity of this House,
to await the action of other branches of this govern-
ment, and ascertain the fate of the appropriation bills,
before other measures were passed to carry out the
principle established thereby? Would they not
then be obnoxious to the charge of inconsistency
and insincerity? It was the duty of this House to
perfect its own measures; and if the Senate could
not concur in them, that body could amend them.
Would it be right for any gentleman to rise here,
and quote the supposed opinions of the executive to
influence the action of this House? Any gentleman
who should do so, would subjeet himself to be
called to order. Sincerely desiring to promote retrench-
ment and economy as far as he could, not for any
temporary party purposes, it was perfectly imma-
terial to him whether they began here or in the
Senate. He hoped the House would make this bill
conform to the other, which had been passed, and
leave the Senate to discharge its duty, under its con-
stitutional obligations.
Mr. McDOWELL next addressed the House.
He was surpised to hear such language from the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, when not a word came
from that quarter, when the retrenchment bill was
before the committee, in behalf of the poor soldier.
The people had long enough had the cry of retrench-
ment in their ears; and they wished now to see some
of its fruits. He professed to be a partisan, and he
desired to see one man elevated, on account of the
principles he professed; but he would not advocate
such measures for the sole purpose of making a little
paltry political capital. He then reviewed the con-
test of 1840, and the result to the people in increas-
ed taxation.
What other reforms had they carried out in prac-
tice. They promised the country that the expendi-
tures of the government should be reduced to the
standard of the economical administration of Mr.
Adams. How had they fulfilled that promise ? He
appealed to the gentleman to state whether his party
had redeemed the pledges which they had made to
the people of the United States. No, there was no
whig who dared rise in his place and assert that they
had carried out their promises. During the two
years that the whig party were in power, the Whig
Congress appropriated fifty-eight millions of the peo-
ple's money. Not content with two sessions, as had
been , the custom of this government, an extraordi-
nary session was called, to relieve the sufferings of
the people by adding to their burdens. That was
the relief which they afforded to the people. It was
proclaimed that the government was bankrupt when
the whigs came into power, with a debt of thirty or
forty millions of dollars ; yet, the moment they at-
tained power, their first act was to throw away the
proceeds of the public lands. Their object was
to produce a vacuum in the treasury, which
would afford an apology for taxing the people by
means of an enormous tariff upon all articles of
necessity which the people required. And yet
gentlemen came forward and talked about the glo-
rious whig Congress. The gentleman had par-
ticularized one act—viz: the cutting down the ex-
penses of the army from twelve to eight millions of
dollars. By whose votes was this effected? There
were eighty democratic votes in the affirmative, and
only twenty-three whig votes. To whom, then, he
asked, belonged the credit of passing the measure?
Did not the democratic votes show that they were
the reform party? What other glorious acts were
passed during the two years when the whigs had
power? There was one which would be remem-
bered as long as the government itself should stand;
one which would meet the disapprobation of all
honest men. That glorious act was called the bank-
rupt act. That act would not bear the investigation
or mature consideration of their own party. But a
short time elapsed before the thunder peals of popu-
lar indignation were heard; and they came back and
retraced their steps, and repealed the act; but the
mischief had been accomplished. He hoped this
House, after passing an act making a reduction in
the expenses of the government of something like
half a million of dollars, would not again draw
back, and replace that burden upon the people.
Messrs. WHITE and BRENGLE simultane-
ously rose; but the floor was awarded by the
CHAIRMAN to the latter gentleman, inasmuch as
thq gentleman from Kentucky had already address-
ed the committee.
Mr. BRENGLE advocated the amendment, giv-
ing it as his opinion that the House having delibe-
rately sanctioned the reduction of the army expen-
ditures, the appropriation for that purpose ought to
conform to that determination. As to the Senate,
the most entire harmony with that body might be
secured by the established modes of procedure.
Each House ought to look to the propriety of its
own action, irrespective of any other. The judg-
ment of this House now stood recorded that a
smaller sum should be applied to the expenses of
the army, and had fixed that sum; and now, was it
right that, because the Senate might not concur, this
House should- appropriate more than it had judged
expedient for the object? Certainly not. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jos. R. IngersoilJ
contended that the appropriation now to be made
ought to be regulated by the existing law; lest, the
Senate refusing to concur in the reduction proposed
by the House, the appropriation should fall short of
what would be needed. But this argument had no
force with him, because the Senate might alter the
bill; and then if the two Houses were found to disa-
gree, they could hold a conference, and come to an
agreement; and what they agreed on, if sanctioned
by the executive, would become the law of the
land. He thought the House ought to make its
own action consistent, without speculating as to
what might be that either of the Senate or the Pres-
ident. When the House, by an overvhelming ma-
jority, had declared there should be a retrenchment
of our ormy expenses he should bow in respectful
submission to their will, without attempting to enter
on any general argument respecting the policy which
had governed them.
Mr. ATKINSON said he was unavoidably ab-
sent when the bill makikg a reduction in the pay of
the army was passed. Had he been present, he
would, with great satisfaction, have voted in favor
of that excellent proposition to cut off the supernu-
meraries of tha army. He had heard with aston-
ishment the remarks of some gentlemen in regard to
the respect which ought to be paid to the co-ordinate
branch of this legislature. Gentlemen spoke of the
Senate as a body entitled to peculiar respect and
favor. He held that that House was entitled to at
least equal respect.
Mr. Atkinson continued his reference to the
fruits of the reform promised by the Whig party
before the elections. He alluded to the $25,000
given as a gratuity to Mrs. Harrison; to the bank-
rupt and distribution acts: and to the extravagant
expenditures of the whig Congress, which, he said,
was intended to make a high protective tariff neces-
sary. He stated that, in his section of the country,
the whig orators denied that they were in favor of
a bank, a high tariff, or of distribution; and when he
charged it on them, they answered by saying that
they had Mr. Tyler on their ticket, which was a
proof that they were against those measures. He
referred to the nine months' session of the whig Con-
gress, which they required to consummate their
high-handed measures; and as a proof of the incon-
sistency of the whig party, adverted to the fact that
they wished the present Congress to adjourn on the
27th of May. He, for his part, was unwilling to
adjourn without a modification of the unjust and
exorbitant tariff which the whigs had impoSed on
the country, and v ould be ashamed to go home to
his constituents and tell them that he had failed to
relieve them of that burden, because he was unwil-
ling to put the country to the expense of a longer
session. In conclusion, he expressed the hope that
the democratic party would stand by the amend-
ment and carry out the just, necessary retrenchment
they had commenced in the bill sent to the Senate.
He hoped they would cut down all these high ap-
propriations and leave no excuse for exorbitant
taxation. His maxim was, that the money had
better be left in the pockets of the people than ac-
cumulated in the treasury for the purpose of distri-
bution among the States.
After some remarks from Mr. MORSE, in
opposi-tion to the amendment, and in reply to
Mr. A.,
On motion of Mr. SAMPLE, the committee rose
and reported progress,
Mr. C. JOHNSON then proposed a resolution to
terminate debate on the bill'in ten minutes after the
House should again go into committee upon it.
Mr. WHITE moved an adjournment, the vote
on which was taken by Messrs. McClernand and
J. P. Kennedy, and they reported 86 in the af-
firmative, and 37 in the negative.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. A. STEWART: A number of memorials from the
people of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to abstain from
all interference with tlie existing tariff, and remonstrating
