May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Tew—Mr. McDuffie.
Ssnfcte.
Again: after the treaty with Spain, by which
Texas was ceded to that government by John &uin-#
cy Adams, our Secretary of State, it was boldly and
every where, in the "West and South, charged that
Mr. Adams had given away that valuable territory
to gratify his hatred and hostility to these portions
of the Union.
Under this state of feeling the election of 1824
came on. Kentucky cast her vote for Mr. Clay, and
Gen. Jackson was her second choice. Mr. Adams
had no party or friends in Kentucky. Still, Mr.
Clay, m violation of the known will of that State,
which had so gallantly sustained him, and in viola-
tion of resolutions of the Kentucky legislature, al-
most unanimously declaring General Jackson to be
her second choice, gave his vote, as one of the rep-
resentatives of that State, for Mr. Adams—the man
so cordially hated in Kentucky, and whose unpopu-
larity there Mr. Clay himself had had so great a
share in producing. The consequence was, that
Mr. Adams was made President, and Mr. Clay was
immediately made his Secretary of State—the first
office in the gift of the President, actually the second
in importance in the Union, and generally regarded
as the stepping-stone to the first. Whether this
coalition was fraudulent or not, it was universally
condemned, as was proven by the election of 1828,
which resulted in the triumphant and overwhelming
victory of General Jackson and the democratic par-
ty, and again, in 1832, by a similar glorious result.
Notwithstanding the declaration of Mr. Clay, that
war, pestilence, and famine were preferable to the
election of General Jackson, the people of this na-
tion—ay, the people of Kentucky, too—rendered a
different verdict; they rallied under the glorious ban-
ner of their country, which had been so nobly de-
fended by this gallant hero, and proclaimed him "the
noblest Roman of them all." This verdict it will be
the duty and the pleasure of the impartial historian
to emblazon on the pages of our country's history in
letters of imperishable light.
But I was speaking of the connection of Mr.
Clay and Mr. Adams. Notwithstanding their mu-
tual denunciations and defiance of each other previ*
ous to 1824, and the unsettled and important question
of veracity that remains between them to this very
day, we have seen them, ever since that memorable
era, laboring together in the same cause, generally
seeming to have the same ends in view, always un-
der the ban of public condemnation—always aim-
ing at power—always condemned by the people; till
at last, in 1842, we behold these eminent individ-
uals—one in the Senate, the other in the lower
House of Congress—each attracting the atten-
tion of an anxious nation and of the world: the
one striking a blow at our sacred constitution in the
Senate—attempting to destroy the checks and bal-
ances so wisely inserted in that instrument by our
revolutionary fathers; the other, at the same time,
presenting a petition in the House to dissolve the
Union—Mr. Adams declaring that his mad and des-
olating scheme of abolitionism cannot be accomplish-
ed without a change in the constitution, or a disso-
lution of the Union itself; he himself choosing to
present a petition for the latter, as the most diiect
mode; whilst Mr. Clay is urging in the Senate the
alteration of the constitution which is to open the
breach in that instrument through which abolition-
ism, with its fiery front, is to march in its furious
and desolating course.
Not wishing to rely on my own opinion in regaid
to these two prominent individuals, I will give you
the testimony of a distinguished member of their
own party, solemnly expressed on the floor of Con-
gress.
On the 28th of January, 1842, Mr. Marshall of
Kentucky said, when speaking of Mr. Adams and
Mr. Clay:
"I am myself a whig. I am not, indeed, a very old man,
yet it has been rny fate to live to see one ol these two emi-
nent individuals mtiodur^ a jnoposition to di&solve the
Union at one end ol the Capitol, and the other at the other
"Oh, sir; 'tell it not in Gath, publish it not in the streets
of Askalon.' If the doctrinc is true, then these two great
political leaders have combined together once more: they are
in common consultation to overthrow the constitution, and
I suppose, that I, as   good wing, am bound to follow them.
The devil take mo if I do."
Again: Speaking of Mr. Adams, Mr. Marshall
says in the same speech:
"If the gentleman's own declarations and actions are to be
trusted as true exponents of his purposes, his purpose is
that which is expressed in the petition he has offered—it is
the ultimate and utter rum of southern institutions.5'
During the present session of Congress, Mr.
$4>am8 has again most signally—I might *t>v
w
constantly—manifested his determined enmity tothe
Sotith and West. All his energies have been'ex-
erted m behalf of abolitionism. He has declared re-
cently that he earnestly desired the abolition of sla-
very, by any means necessary for its accomplish-
ment. '-'Whether peaceably or by blood," said he,
"let it come." And when taunted with it on this
floor, he repeated the declaration, with all the rage
and fury of a fiend—"though it should result in the
massacre of five hundred millions of women and
children, I say let it come!—let U come !
The means to which he looks as the commence-
ment of this work of blood are-
First. The destruction of that part of our consti-
tution which formed the great compromise upon
which this splendid fabric of freedom was erected—
the clause fixing the ratio of representation between
the free States and slave States, without which pro-
vision this Union never could have been formed;
and without which it cannot last a single day. To
effect this object he has urged, with all his ability,
the resolutions of the Massachusetts legislature—
resolutions which were copied from those of the
Hartford convention, and striking, as did all the pro-
ceedings of that convention, at the integrity of the
Union itself.
Sccond. The destruction of the veto power, by
which he hopes to strike down forever one of the
strongest barriers found in the constitution against
the march of abolition.
Third. The most malignant opposition to the re-
annexation of Texas to the Union. Noonewho
has witnessed the malignity of that infatuated and
furious old man whenever he mentions Texas, can
have failed to observe his deep-rooted and undying
hatred to the South—thatgallant South that stamped
upon his brow such deep and indelible marks of
condemnation in the canvass of 1828.
In speaking of the subject of Texas during the
present session of Congress, he declared that we
must not go to war with England on any account
whatever. Why not go to war with England, if
our interest or our honor are threatened or invaded
by that government? For one, sir, I am ready to
go to war with England on any proper occasion.
Much as such a war is to be avoided by all honora-
ble means, 1 declaie here, and to the country, that,
should England intermeddle with our negotiations
for Texas, I should regard the necessityof pr vent-
ing such arrogant interference, even by resort to
arms, as no less imperative than that which impelled
the revolution itself. I should regard it as a third
war for independence; and with a firm reliance on
that Providence that raised up a Washington for the
revolution, and a Jackson for the last war, I would
appeal to arms and the God of battles.
As T have shown, we find Mr. Adams devoting
all his mighty and mischievous energies to these
three points, as the levers by which he is to pro-
duce the overthrow and ultimate ruin of southern
institutions, if not the destruction of the Union it-
self. Upon two of these points, Mr. Clay is co-op-
erating with this distinguished destructionist. He
is the projector, and among the boldest advocates,
of the destruction of the veto power; and among
the firmest opponents of the reannexation of Texas
to the Union. His most distinguished allies in this
crusade against southern institutions aie Adams,
Webster, and Giddings. Mr. Adams has been al-
ready sufficiently noticed. Mr. Giddings is an
open, avowed abolitionist, and has done more to
distract the country on that exciting question than
any man in the Union, except Mr. Adams. He
was once openly censured by a resolution of Con-
gress for offering a petition to dissolve the Union.
It may not be amiss to remark, in relation to Mr.
Webster, as an evidence of his patriotism, that he
said, in the Senate, during our difficulty with
France, "I would not vote for this appropriation
(for the defence of the country) if the enemy's can-
non were battering down the walls of the Capitol."
Sir, there was an anti-war party in the revolution;
there was an anti-war party during the last war;
and there is an anti-war party now. In every in-
stance, I regard it as an anti-American party. They
base their objections to the reannexation of Texas,
and to the occupation of our own territory in Ore-
gon, upon their fears of giving offence to England.
Does it become an American statesman to falter in
his duty to his country, for fear of giving offence to
any nation on earth? I can tell gentlemen that such
doctrines can find no favor in the West. The peo-
ple whom I have the honor to represent "know
their rights, and, knowing, dare maintain them,"
though Biitish bayonets were hristimg upon every
foot of our coast. Oregon is ours, andwC-wW
have it. Texas was ours, and was foolishjyvgjsea
away. We were bound by our treaty with Fiance
to protect her citizens, and, in proper time, admit
them into the Union among the grcat coiifeferftfty of
sister States. In violation of that treaty—-witho>ut
the consent of either France or Texas—-;i<"e -.aban-
doned her in her infancy. When'she,gye>v ^O-.Ma-
turity, unaided by those who were bouml;by$il'tfie
ties and obligations of public faith, of. tr«s,tjgs, and.
of kindred, to protect her, she' struck sthetfejtfeis of
colonial bondage firm her limbs, and stood erect
among the nations of the earth!
Her claims to freedom are as good as ours; for,
like ours, they are based on successful revolution.
She has been acknowledged and received into the
great family of nations by the principal powers of
the globe. Now, without priec and unsolicited1,
she offers to bring back to the Unisn, that fair and
splendidportion of the dismembered valley of the
Mississippi, with all her rich and luxuriant plains
and majestic rivers, and her hardy and eutorpeisirig
population, whose veins are coursed by the bloofl of
our own kindred and people. Can we refuse? Our
own interest and justice to Texas alike forbid it-
She will famish us a rich and extended market for
our western produce. She will furnish homes for
our people. She will furnish security and protec-
tion for the great mart of our western commerce.
Should wc reject her, she is destined to fall a prey
to the stratagems or the power of England, ai d
become a lodgment for our earliest and most im-
placable foe. My heart bleeds at the thought.
Can we suffer the British lion and British caonoA to
be planted all round our country?
It is time we should teach that haughty and ra-
pacious people to respect the rights of otlaer nations.
Should our leaders falter, the people themselves will
come to the rescue. Never will our people rest till
the "lone star" of Texas is emblazoned upon the
ample folds of our national flag, and, upon the banks
of the Rio del Norte, shall shed her rich and mel-
low light from the midst of our present glorious
galaxy.
SPEECH OF MR. McDUFFIE,
of south carolina.
Ia Senate, May 23, 1844.—In secret session, on the
treaty for the reannexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. McDuffie rose and addressed the Senate
nearly as follows:
In proceeding, Mr. President, to discuss this great
national question, I shall commence by laying down
a fundamental proposition which will cover the
whole ground of controversy. I affirm, then, that it
was not only the right, but the duty of the Presi-
dent nf the United States to initiate this inchoate
treaty for the annexation of Texas to these United
States; and it is now both the right and the duty of
this Senate to ratify and confirm it. In saying this,
I have exposed the whole of our line of battle. Be-
fore, however, I proceed to defend it against the
direct assaults of the adversaiy, I shall attempt to
dislodge the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,] from a position, a skirmishing position,
which he has assumed upon our flank. The hon-
orable Senator, as if to aggravate the enormity of
the atrocious violation of our national faith, which
would be involved in the ratification of such a
treaty, has given us a learned geographical disquisi-
tion on the question of boundary, intended to show
that in receiving Texas, we have not taken the re-
public of Texas only, but also a large portion of
new Spain. I shall not enter upon any geographi-
cal discussion as to what are the true boundaries of
Texas, because I consider that whole question as
having been perfectly exhausted by the able and
conclusive argument of the honorable Senator fiom
Mississippi, [Mr. walker.] But, be the boundary
what it may, so far as the argument of the honoia-
ble Senator from Missouri is concerned, it is per-
fectly immaterial to the issue. What is his argu-
ment? That this treaty conveys to the United Suites
a large portion of New Spain, under the general
name of "the territories of Texas;" and he then pro-
ceeds "gravely to demonstrate that this territory is
not embraced under the denomination of Texas!
Why, sir, Texas professes, and the treaty professes,
in its very terms, to convey to us "all the territories
of the republic of Texas, and nothing more." But
the Senator from Missouri, has discovered, that, by
®oi e incomprehensible juggle, she has fttUwlly cotu
