530
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
58th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. McDuffie
Senate.
veyed more than herself! Now, it is self-evi-
dent, on inspection, that the treaty neither does
convey, nor is intended to convey, one solitary
square foot of land which does not rightfully belong
to Texas. The honorable senator, to strengthen
his assumed position, introduced an illustration,
most unfortunate for his own purpose, but admira-
bly adapted to mine. He presented the case of a
land owner who has a good and valid title to a por-
tion of his estate, and a mere pretended andunfound-
ed claim to the residue, and sells the whole by a
general designation, specifying no boundaries. And
he maintains that the purchaser in this case would
take not only the land covered by a good title, but
also the land covered only by a false claim. This
may be law in Missouri, but it certainly is not in
South Carolina.
The question here is, What has Texas conveyed
to the United States? And the true answer is, All
the territory belonging to the republic. We take
Texas as she is, and whatever she is, and no more.
If the honorable senator has succeeded in showing
that the true boundary of Texas is not the Rio del
Norte, he has only shown that we have not made
quite so good a bargain as some gentlemen may
have supposed. Yet it is to be trumpeted through-
out the Union that, by this treaty, we have seized
upon a great part of New Spain!
But this is not all. The government of the Uni-
ted States, in this treaty, with a feeling of becoming
regard to the rights of Mexico, as well as those of
Texas, has not designated the territory conveyed by
-specified boundaries, but has left the whole question
of boundary an open question. The boundary of
Texas is not referred to in the treaty at all; while, at
the same time, the correspondence which accompa-
nies it clearly shows the animus-—the true intent and
purpose, with which that matter was left an open
question: it is, that it should be subsequently settled
on equitable, just, and liberal terms with Mexico.
Prom this view of the circumstanccs, it is evident
Khat no additional atrocity is given to our imputed
violation of good faith in this transaction, from an
attempt to purchase what we know Texas had no
right to convey.
I come, now, to the positions assumed by honor-
able Senators on the other side, in direct opposition
to the ratification of the treaty.
And, first, it has been contended, with all the va-
riations of phrase, all the flourishes of rhetoric, and
all the emphasis of denunciation, that should this
treaty be ratified, the government and people of the
United States will be obnoxious to the charge of a
gross violation of the public faith, and will make
themselves the object of universal scorn and destcst-
ation throughout the civilized world. Why, sir,
have honorable Senators forgotten the histary of our
own country?—the origin of these States, and the
achievement of their independence? What was our
condition in 1778? We were waging an unequal
war with the most powerful nation of the world;
her fleets darkened our coasts; her armies desolated
our fields; and distant nations, while they witnessed
with wonder the boldness of our defiance, looked
with confidence to the hour when we should sink
in the conflict, and be completely subjugated by the
gigantic power of Britain. At that dark hour,
pregnant as it was with our future fate, France
generously stepped forward and tendered to us the
hand of friendship, at an hour when we were not
recognised by the other nations of the world, and
were scarcely known to some of them; and in the
very act of recognition, she at the same time formed
with our infant States a treaty of alliance, offensive
and defensive. And do Senators find, in any historian
who has mentioned this eventful transaction, the
smallest imputation upon the government or people
of Prance, as having been guilty of a breach of na-
tional faith, and an obnoxious violation of her
treaty obligations with Great Britain? Do they
charge her with having tarnished her escutcheon
by an act of public perfidy? I have seen no
such charge. On the contrary, I believe the act
was regarded as magnanimous and rightful, by the
common consent of civilized nations. France clear-
ly had the right to enter into such a treaty, without
incurring the slightest imputation of bad faith. I tell
these senators they are talking about a question which
is not involved in this treaty at all. Their charge
involves a total misuse of words, and is founded on
a total misconception of things. If this government
had even contracted an alliance, offensive and defen-
sive, with Texas, at the time that Santa Anna was
tnarching to meet a disastrous and disgraceful defeat
fj Jftginto, rti® would have violated no principle
of national faith, nor any dictate of international
law. She would have, done that, and that onlyj
which she had an indisputable right to do, and
which, at that time, many among us (of whom I
was not one) held to be as much our duty as it
would be that of a parent to rescue a child from the
fangs of a rattle-snake or the crushing folds of a
boa constrictor. We see, then, at once, that this
assumed violation of faith is wholly gratuitous, and
rests on a total misconception. National faith is no
part of the issue. If, indeed, we had recently en-
tered into a treaty with Mexico, guarantying to her
this very territory,—in that case, and in that only,
would the ratification of this treaty raise a question
of faith between the United States and that country.
I have assumed that we had done in 1836 what
we then properly refused to do. I have shown that
even this would have been no breach of our nation-
al faith. I will now consider this imputation as
founded upon the facts as they exist at this moment.
What is the condition of Texas now? Since the
period to which I have referred, the memorable bat-
tle of San Jacinto has been fought; and, contrary to
the general expectation at the time—contrary, I ac-
knowledge, to my own anticipations—the power of
Mexico over her then revolted province Was (as sub-
sequent events have fully demonstrated) stricken
down forever. Even after that battle was fought
and won by Texas, disastrous as it was to Mexico,
to Santa Anna and his invading army, I believed
that the pride of Mexico would have been roused to
redoubled exertions; and that, in the next campaign,
Texas would have been overwhelmed in the un-
equal contest. That was the general expectation
in this country; and great sympathy was felt
in all parts of it with the weaker party. Yet
our government scrupulously abstained from inter-
ference. But, after the lapse of twelve months, so
far from manifesting anything like the high Cas-
tilian pride and heroism which has here been so
loudly claimed for her by the senator from Mis-
souri, Mexico still left the soil of Texas uncontam-
inatcd by the footsteps of a single hostile soldier.
The question was then raised, ill this new aspect of
affairs, whether we should recognise the independ-
ence of Texas? And our government, acting with
the same prudence and caution which had been ex-
ercised in the case of recognising Mexico, being
satisfied that Texas had practically established her
independence and furnished ample evidence of her
ability to maintain it, recognised that independence
accordingly. And now, having been the first to do
this, and introduce her into the family of nations, is
it for us to say that she is an independent power,
and yet destitute of the essential attributes of sove-
reignty? A star shorn of its beams? What was the
amount of our recognition, if it did not admit that
she possessed all the functions and rights incident to
sovereignty? Such, then, is Texas—republican
Texas—by our own recognition, rightfully made,
both by the laws of God and nations. But we are
are not alone in this solemn acknowledgment.
Great Britain, France, Holland, and Belgium, have
all concurred in the recognition; and Great Britain—
I state it to show how unfounded are the sympa-
thies here manifested for Mexico,—Great Britain
has very clearly indicated that sfec never will allow
Texas to be subjugated by Mexico. She has in-
terposed as a mediator, out of humanity, and from
a regard to the general interests of the world, and
from an avowed regard to her own commercial in-
terests. It may be said that, m this, she is govern-
ed by the dictates of a selfish policy. This may be
so: and I would like to know by what purer or
holier motive States are usually actuated than by
an enlightened self-interest I do not complain of
Great Britain for this course, provided she does not
tread upon the toes or interfere with the rights of
the United States. She has an undoubted right to
do all she can to advance her own commercial interests
Such, then, is now the condition of Texas. Her
sovereignty has been acknowledged by five of the
leading commercial powers of tins civilized world.
She possesses all the attributes of national sovereign-
ty, and all the elements and institutions of self-gov-
ernment in full and quiet operation; more so, by far,
than Mexico. If a comparison be instituted be-
tween them, it will be found that her existence and
perpetuity as a nation, and her stability as a gov-
ernment are by far more firmly established, than
those of Mexico herself. Can there be a question,
then, whether Texas has all the rights of an inde-
pendent power? If she has achieved her right to in-
dependence and now holds it by that highest of all
titles, the unanimous hearts iuv! have arms of fi*e-
men, I should like to hear on what subtle metaphys-
ical distinction any man will undertake to say that,
though she is in fact independent, yet that there is
some dejure phantom of Mexican "divine right" in
the way, which precludes her from doing "what
sovereign States may of right do." This idea' of
cIt jure dependence and de-facto independence is in-
genious beyond all comprehension; certainly it is
beyond mine.
1 will now inquire whether Texas has not a right
to enter, if she chooses, into a treaty of annexation?
Does the senator from Missouri deny her right' I
ahi Sure no one of the senators on the other side will
venture to deny it. I ask, is Texas rightfully en-
titled to the disposal of her own destinies? can she
do as her soveieign will may dictate? If she is a
sovereign power, she certainly possesses the right to
dispose of herself as she pleases; and if she has this
right, and may lawfully annex herself to the United
States, does it not irresistibly follow as a corollary,
that the United States has a corresponding and equal
right to receive her? What means the right of prop-
erty? Is there not implied in the very terms, the
right of the proprietor to sell, and the correlative
right of every other person to purchase? Can one
conceive of the one right without the other? They
cannot be separated, even in idea. That, then, is
now the naked question; and yet it is said that it
would be a flagrant outrage upon the de jure claims
ofMexico should the United States enter into this
treaty of annexation with Texas, by which we re-
ceive nothing more than she has an undoubted right
to convey.
1 think it must be apparent, by this time, that the
notion of the United States being guilty of a viola-
tion either of good faith or the rights of Mexico, is
a mere phantom, and founded in a total miscon-
ception. Let us again take the analogy of a convey-
ance of landed estate. The senator from Missouri
would say, I suppose, that if the land to be convey-
ed be subject to the claim of a third party, however
frivolous, no person can lawfully purchase from the
rightful owner in ad vol possession. The honorable
senator will perhaps say that a purchaser, under these
circumstances, would buy a law suit. If the thud
party has been actually ousted, and has failed to
bring his action at law for eight years, the most pru-
dent mail would not hesitate to purchase, particular-
ly if he knew the adverse claim to be merely vexa-
tious, and kept up for the sole purpose of inducing
the true owner to buy his peace. And this brings
me to the question involved in one of the resolutions
moved by the senator from Missouri—viz: do we,
in taking Texas, take also a war with Mexico?
We are, in my judgment, precisely in the condi-
tion of one who has bought a tract of land against
which there is a fictitious paper claim. We take
Texas as she is: as a man takes his wife—"for bet-
ter or for worse, and with all her perfections and
imperfections on her head." We are prepared to
take her on that condition.
But the honorabla senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Choate] and the honorable senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] say that if you ratify this trea-
ty you rush at once into a war with Mexico. That
was my doctrine in 1836- for Texas was then,
in fact, what she is now erroneously denomina-
ted—a "rebellious province." But since the battle of
San Jacinto, Mexico has not made a single military
movement towards recovering her lost dominion.
Since that battle, Mexico has done nothing
that deserves the name of war. She has been
able to make no single effort that rises above the
dignity of a temporary incursion for the purpose of
plunder and rapine, always concluded by a precipi-
tate retreat. She has not made, nor has she been
able to make, a single effort to resubjugate Texas.
What does Mr. Webster say on this point5 With
that correct and felicitous use of language for which
he is so remarkable, he says to Mr. Bocanegra, "the
foot of an invader from Mexico has not rested on the
soil of Texas since the battle of San Jacinto."
This is literally true. The "soles of unblessed
feet" have found no resting place there. But sena-
tors insist that the war is still raging. Appealing to
the gasconading proclamations ofMexico, the sena-
tor from Missouri asks: "Is this peace:" Then
the honorable senator went on to illustrate what
constitutes peace. Without answering him on this
point, I propose to show the senator what constitu-
tes war? I shall not go with the senator from Mis-
souri to a dictionary, either military or civil, to settle
the question; though, were these authorities con-
sulted, I have no doubt they would confirm all that
I sr.! nhom to e y. i \yiilfuisi.,how what the geJift-
