CONGRESSIONAL GL.QBB.
m-
Re$(ilved, That the Committee on'Accounts be authorized
to'demand of aiiy person or persons who may possess them,
all engraved plates of every description which have been
paid for by this House for maps, charts, and other purposes,
and that they place them in charge of the congressional li-
brarian.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, submitted a resolution, directing the Clerk
to pay $500 out of the contingent fund, for watering
the Pennsylvania avenue; but it was objected to by
several, und not received.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the resolutions of the
legislature of Louisiana.
A resolution of the State of Louisiana in relation to the
speedy settlement of all private land claims in that State in
the mode and manner that they deem most proper.
Which resolution was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
A like resolution that the said senators and representa-
tives be requested to use every effort to procure the neces-
sary appropriations for rendering the harbor of Pensacola
accessible to vessels of every class, and to the placing the
navy-yard there as speedily as possible in a condition to
build, repair, and equip men-of-war.
Which resolution was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked leave to present a
petition from sundry citizens of New York, protest-
ing against the sale of the mineral lands of the United
States. Laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
TARIFF.
Mr. TIBBATTS observed that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, as he under-
stood, was ar.xious to go into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill, and intended to make a
motion to that effect this morning. Now, as many
gentlemen were anxious to dispose of thetwoharbor
and river bills, which have been reported to the
House, he would suggest to the gentleman from
South Carolina, that if he would postpone his mo-
tion until 2 o'clock, by which time those two bills
would probably be disposed of, he had no doubt it
would then be "adopted.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suggested to his friend
from Kentucky to let the tariff bill be taken up first,
as the two bills he spoke of could be disposed of in a
few minutes.
Mr. McKAY, in answer to the suggestion of the
gentleman from Kentucky, observed that the post-
ponement until two o'clock would not avail the gen-
tleman, as the regular order of business—the recep-
tion of resolutions—would then come up. He
should not make the motion to go into committee till
12 o'clock.
Mr. BIDLACK said he had for some time sought
an opportunity to present the proceedings of a meet-
ing of his constituents, without distinction of party,
in favor of the present tariff law, and against the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. B. desired to present these proceedings to the
House; and if the printing should be refused, to have
them referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, where the reading could be
called for when the question wa3 taken up.
Objections being made by several, the proceedings
were not presented.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved a call of the
House, which motion was carried; and
The roll being called, it was found that 167 mem-
bers answered to their names.
The absentees were called, and it appeared that
172 members were present.
The SPEAKER then directed the officers to close
the doors of the hall.
The absentees were then called, and several were
excused, on the ground of domestic or personal afflic-
tion, &e.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved that the Sergeant-at-
arms be despatched for those in the city who had
not been excused—not including those in the gal-
lery who were waiting to get in when the doors were
opened.
Mr. STEENROD moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be supended.
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
to send the Sergeant-a t-arms for the absentees.
A division was called for, and also tellers.
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. HARALSON said if all the members were
to be sent for, it would take the Sergeant-alarms a
month.
Mr. DAVIS said his motion only included all
those that were in the city. (Some member hoped
it would be "all he could catch.")
Mr. J. THOMPSON said if the absent getitk-
ment were brought in by the Sergeant-at-arms, they
would probably have material excuses to justify
their absence; and of what use, then, would it be to
wasie so much of the public time by going through
the forms of prosecuting this business. He hoped,
then, the further proceedings under the call would
be dispensed with.
Mr. HOGE called the gentleman from Mississippi
to order. t
Mr. THOMPSON continued, remarking that it
did seem to him the public time was too valuable to
be thus wasted.
Mr. PAYNE hoped th«- call would not be sus-
pended. Ia his opinion, it was necessary to do
something to compel the attendance of members,
when important questions were to be decided, or to
show who it was that obstructed the public busi-
ness, by absenting themselves from their seats in
the House. The House had witnessed, on a very
recent occasion, the effect produced by the absence
of members when the House was called to vote on a
question in which this entire Union was deeply in-
terested; and to obviate the repetition of such a re-
sult, he hoped the House would not suspend the
call, but fchat the Sergeant-at-arms would be sent to
bring in the absentees.
Mr. STEENROD said he hoped further proceed-
ings in the call would be suspended. It would be
worse than useless to go any further; for half of
those who had not answered to their names were at
their homes.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS said he had always been
averse to calls of the House, and had voted against
them, as he did in this instance, at the commence-
ment; but it was not because he was convinced that
they were, on all occasions, useless; and gentlemen
who had sat, as he had done in that House, often
for two hours when a quorum was not present,
must agree with him in saying that calls were some-
times necessary. It was for this reason that, after
the call had been agreed to, he had made the motion
to send the Sergeant-at-arms for the absent mem-
bers. As they had gone thus far, he thought they
ought to proceed, and enforce the attendance of
members.
Mr. THOMPSON said he was averse to any furj
ther proceedings in the call. The only result would
be an unnecessary consumption of time; a great
many excuses would have to be made; and as each
individual member presented a distinct case, and
each case was debatable, the whole day would be
fruitlessly wasted. Nominal fines might be imposed
in some cases, and they would be but nominal;
for surely the House would not undertake to en-
force the attendance of members in this way. If
their own sense of duty and their desire to pro-
mote the public good failed to secure their attend-
ance, it would be m vain to impose fiijes upon them.
It was for the House to record the names of the ab-
sentees. Their constituents must and would hold
them responsible. He hoped the newspapers
would not fail to noticc the names of the absentees.
Mr. HOLMES said he had generally been op-
posed to calls of tie House; but he agreed with the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. J. W. Davis,] that
they were sometimes very necessary. The argu-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi was that
the members of this House were responsible to their
constituents alone; and that, therefore, the call of
the House was not only unnecessary, but actually
a work of supererogation. The constituency of
members of that House had their rights, undoubt-
edly, but the representatives of the nation had
theirs also; and he believed it was their duty, as
representatives of a national constituency charged
with important functions, to compel the attendance
of members, and, if necessary, to enforce legal pains
and penalties for that purpose. He did hope, after
what they had seen of the disposition of members
to avoid voting upon an important question—he
might say, the great question of the session—that the
call would be followed up by sending tlie Sergeant-
at-arms to enforce the mandate of the House. If it
were ever necessary that prompt action should be
had upon any question, now was the time in regard
to this important question of the tariff.
Mr. REDING moved the previous question.
On seconding the damand for the previous ques-
tion, tellers were appointed—who reported 90 yeas
in the affirmative, noes not counted.
The previous question being seconded,
The main question was ordered to be now put,
viz: "shall further proceedings in the call be sus-
pended?"
On this question the yeas and nays syere demand'
ed and ordered, and being jtaken—resulted thtue
yeas 107, nays 64.
All further proceedings were suspended.
The resolution of Mr. C. Johnson to terminate
debate on the army appropriation bill was taken
up. v r "
Mr. C. JOHNSON ?ajle4 for the previous ques-
tion; which being seconded, '
Mr. J. modified the resolution so as to terminate
debate on the bill in two hours after going into com-
mittee.
The main question was ordered and put on the
adoption of the resolution, and decided in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. McKAY moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of going into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the tariff bill.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and the question being taken,
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 95,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton^ James A.
Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinker-
hoff, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben
Chapman, Chappell, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, John
W. Davis, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ilimer, Hale, Hamlin, Har-
alson, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hughes, Hungcrford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Pres-
ton King, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, McCauslen,
Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Mathews, Joseph Murris, Murphy, Norris, Owen,
Payne, Pettit, Emery D. Potter, Purdy, Rathbun, David S.
Reid, Reding, Reiie, Rhett, Roberts, St. John, Simpson,
Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson*
Stiles, Stone, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller,
Wentworth, Wiieaton, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright
~S4.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Bidlack, James Black, Brengle, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin,
Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Darrah, Garrett
Davis, Richard D. Davis, Debcrrv, Dellet, Dickey, Dickin-
son, Dillingham, Ellis, Farlee, Fish, Foot, French, Giddings,
Byram Green, GrinBfell, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hays,
Hoge, Hubbell, Hudson," Washington Hunt, Charles J. In-
gersoil, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson,
John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward
J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Newton, Parmenter, Patterson,
Peyton, Phcenix, Elisha R. Potter, Pratt, Preston, Ramsey,
Charles M. Reed, Ritter, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sam-
ple, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, John T. Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart,
✓Strong, Thomasson, Tilden, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
Wethered, White, Williams, Wihthrop, William Wright 
and Yost—95.
Mr. DUNCAN moved that the House take up
the bill regulating the time of holding the elections
for electors of President and Vice President.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the army appro-
priation bill.
Mr. PETTIT thought it would be better to take
up the resolution of the Senate fixing the day for
the adjournment of the present session.
The question was put on Mr. McKay's motionr
and decided in the affirmative.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Weller
of Ohio in the chair,) and resumed tlie considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the army.
Mr. MORSE, who was entitled to the floor, con-
tinued his remarks of Saturday in reply to Messrs,
McDowell and Atkinson.
He justified the call of an extra session in 1841,
on the ground of a large national debt of upwards
of thirty millions of dollars existing, with an ex-
hausted treasury. The amount of the debt, he was
told, was not so much as the sum at which he had
stated it; but he repeated, the obligations of the
government were of that amount, though it was
possible some portion might not be called for within
the year. He also noticed the state of our com-
merce, and then the promises ami professions of po-
litical parties, at various periods, for the promotion
of the great interests of the country, and the eco-
nomical administration of its government. He
then went on to inquire what were the principles of
the democratic party.
Mr. PAYNE replied: Perfect equality in all civil
and political rights, between citizen and citizen—
monopolies to none.
Mr. MORSE continued, and went oyer the broad
ground of party differences, concluding wuh the
motion to strike out half the proposed appropria-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN said it was, indeed, of little im-
portance by what name things were called. Call
