m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
things by what name they placed, principles, and
principles alone, were the issue upon which they
should act, and'on which they should determine all
measures on which they were called to decide and
to deliberate. He caved not by what name they
called the government under which we lire: he
cared not whether it were despotic or democratic
in name—unless, indeed, its name were in-
dicative of the opinions by which it was
administered. That government—call it by what
name they pleased—which took from the earnings
of the laborer the smallest amount, and secured, at
the same time, to the citizen the greatest amount of
personal liberty, and the rights of person and the
rights of-property, was the best government under
heaven. - He cared not, he repeated again, by what
name they called it, so that it were one that extended
to the citizen, in person and in property, the great-
est amount of liherty, and took from him the small-
est amount of his earnings for the support of gov-
ernment in its various forms and functions/ That
was the government, and such were the principles
for which he would go, and to which he would ad-
here, call them by what name soever they pleased.
He had witnessed somewhere in his life—but where
he did not, now recollect—a painting, which, as he
gazed on it, he felt spoke from the canvass an im-
pressive lesson. It was a painting on -Which there
was a representation of the crowned head of a king;
another figure in the surplice of a priest; another in
the attire and garb, and with the stars and garters of
the knight. There were likewise others in the more
humble garb of agriculturists and laborers; and if the
canvass could have spoken what, perhaps, it was
designed to say, the individual who was represented
with the crowned head might have said, "I rule over
all;" the priest might have said, "I pray for all;"
the soldier might have said, "I fight for all;" and
the more humble figures in the baek ground—the
agriculturists and laborers—might say, "I pay for
This was the language which should impress it-
self upon every individual within those walls. It
was in accordance with the principle which he had
laid down, that that government which secured to
its citizens the greatest amount of personal liberty,
and took from them the lesser amount of their
earnings, was the better government, call it by what
name they chose.
He proposed to call the attention of the commit-
tee to some of the acts of the federal party—for he
chose to call things by their right names, though
his friend and colleague [Mr. Morse] had chosen
to designate the party to which he (Mr. H.) be-
longed as locofocos. He supposed the gentleman
used the term facetiously; but, for himself, he pre-
ferred the plain, straight-forward tnanner of calling
things by their right names. He chose to call the
party federalists of the Hartford convention stamp.
He would ask, had the committee heard from his
colleague an intimation of the principles of his
party? They had not. The gentleman had not
uttered a single syllable which could lead to
an understanding of those principles. No; like
an adroit, shrewd, skilful tactician, he had
carefully abstained from avowing a single prin-
ciple by which himself or his friends were
guided. Their principles were well understood,
however, to be of the ultia Hartford conven-
tion school; their principles were to take the hard
earnings ot the poor, and put them in the pockets
of the capitalists. Such were the principles by
which they would be actuated in ease they had
the power. They were in favor of a national
bank. They were in favor of a high tariff—a pro-
tective tariff. Yes; such protection as the lamb re-
ceives from the wolf; such protection as the vulture
would extend to its victim.
His friend and colleague had talked a good deal
about the consistency of his party as contrasted
with that to whic.h"he (Mr. H.) belonged. He be-
lieved it was Ceesar who said he wondered how a
.-ioothsayer could look another soothsayer in the
face without a smile at the credulity of those who
believed in their predictions, in like manner lie was
surprised that his colleague could rise here without
a smile himself, or without producing a smile on
tne faces of gentlemen of his own party, and talk
about the consistency of the party of which he is a
member. What were the promises which were
made by that party? and how did they redeem those
promises They even desecrated the stars and
> ripes of the national banner,by abasing them when
they should have floated in the free breeze of
Heaven, to the level of a miserable piece, of bunt-
ing, and made to bear the despicable party watch-
word, "Tip andTy." When next they rear their
banners, there should be inscribed upon them—
"Here is a party who have violated their pledges,
and broken all their promises."
He would, with permission, read a few extracts
first from the confessions of a member of the fed-
eral party [Mr. Newton.] And next from an ad-
dress published and promulgated by that party in
Virginia, in 1840.
[Mr. H. read the extracts referred to.]
He would call the attention of the committee
for a few moments to the action of the twenty-
seventh Congress, which had been so highly lauded
by some gentlemen. That Congress violated every
promise which had been made to the people by the
federal party, not only in relation to the expen-
ditures of the government, and in relation to pro-
scription, but all other promises.
He would not enumerate in detail all the acts of
that Congress; he would merely alluded to a few of
them. And first, the bankrupt law—a law containing
not a single principle or safeguard which had enter-
ed into every system of bankruptcy which had ever
been tolerated in any country. It was neither more
nor less than a sponge to wipe out indebtedness; or,
as the gentleman from Virginia had well said, a
new way of paying old debts without means; and
the same Congress, before its time had expired, so
odious was the measure in the view of all honest
men, were forced to repeal the act. There was no
man in the part of the country where he resided,
who would stand up in its favor; if any one should
attempt it, he would not long be suffered to stand
up.
Mr. MORSE interposing, said that he made a
speech in favor of that law, and yet he was ret'irned
to this Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN said he had never heard ot mat
speech before, nor did he believe it would bear at all
upon the question now, whatever might have been
his course at a former time. What the gentleman's
course was formerly was one matter; what it is now
was another. Many of the party to which the gen-
tleman belonged, spoke and voted for that measure
at^me time, and afterwards spoke and voted against
it; and the gentleman himself would probably be
placed in the same dilemma. He would like to
know from the gentleman how he would vote if now
called upon to vote in reference to that act.
Mr. MORSE said the act. had been repealed, it
was true, but it had done its office.
Mr. HAMLIN continued. It. had done its office
truly, and wiped out many an honest debt. This
was one of the leading measures of the federal par-
ty^ And others equally flagitious followed in its
train. The distribution act, the tariff, the black
tariff—ay, black as midnight—the national bank,
and the assumption of the State debts.
One of the professions of the party was, that they
would protect the laborer; and how had they done
this? By taxing him.
The whig party claimed to be, par excellence, the
friends of the laborer, while they taxed him for the
leather he treads beneath his feet and the hat he
wears on his head; and they would tax him for the
very air he bveathed if they had the power to do so.
Their object was to degrade labor, and to filch from
it for the benefit for the benefit of the capitalist*
and this he would proceed to show. They proposed
to distribute the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands among the States; and whatever that amount
might be, it answered for them a double puroose.
In the first place, the deficiency thus created must
be supplied by taxation on the head—taxation on
those necessary articles of living that entered into
the consumption of the laboring man. What next;
The States were to be relieved from their indebted-
ness, and the consequent necessity of taxing prop-
erty. Now, he would ask, if this was not a system
to relieve property from taxation, and to throw the
burden on individuals. It took away from the gov-
ernment the fund ceded to pay the revolutionary
debt and to provide for the support of the govern-
ment, and in doing so had imposed the necessity of
additional taxation ori the necessaries of life while
at the same time it relieved property from taxation.
VV as not this calculated to degrade labor? If it was
not, he did not know what would. It was a meas-
ure calling on Maine, who was not indebted, to pay
her proportion Of the indebtedness of other States.
He regretted as much as any man that so many of
the States had been so improvident as to involve
themselves in debt; but as a matter of justice he
would ask if it wquld be right to impose taxes on
the citizens of the non-indebted States to pay debts
that they had no agency in creating? He answered
that there was no responsibility resting on the citi-
zens of Maine to contribute towards the debts of the
other States, the creation of which they had no
voice in. The injustice of such a measure stood out
so palpably that an individual could scarcely be
found who would excuse it. Yet they found the whig
party on that floor enacting the same thing in sub-
stance, and thus degrading the States to the condi-
tion of humble recipients of government favor.
He knew that one argument used m favor of the
measure was, that the lands belonged to the people
of the States; and that they had a right to their
proceeds to relieve themselves from debts. It was
true that they did; but they were pledged for a dis-
tinct purpose, from which Congress had no right to
divert them. So did this splendid temple in which
Congress sat belong to the people of the United
States; and, by the same argument, it might be sold,
and the proceeds distributed among the States.
Again: what was the next measure which received
the sanction of the whig Congress?- It was the pas-
sage of the bill chartering a national bank. He had
already made a quotation from the Virginia address,
in which they denied that the charter of a bank was
the issue to be made by them; yet, false to every
promise they made, with hot haste they passed a
bill chartering a national bank. Had they forgot-
ten so soon the influences which originated in
that monster institution? All the industry of
the country, its commerce, agriculture, and man-
ufactures, had been prostrated by it; and yet
the whig party, in defiance of the lesson thus
taught them, were for chartering another with
more power to do mischief. Had they so soon
forgotten that this institution undertook to control
the destinies of the country? that it undertook to
control its legislation? that it undertook to control
the ballot-boxes? and that it undertook to control
the press? Who did not recollect the cry that went
from these, walls and echoed throughout the coun-
try when the government deposites were removed?
Who did not recollect that it was "panic, panic,"
here and through all parts of the Union? Who did
not recollect the expansions and contractions of its
circulation, and all for political effect, and how many
unfortunate men were, made to feel its power? When
it contracted, how many merchants were prostrated
and driven into bankruptcy? and when it fell, how
many widows and orphans were robbed of their all?
Yet in despite of this sad experience, and in viola-
' tion of all the pledges they made to the country, the
whigs of the 27th Congress came here and urged
the passage of a bill through this and the other
House creating an institution which would inflict
the same evils on the country.
Yet his colleague, after all this, talked of political
consistency. Again: who did not know that this
same party descanted long and loudly on the control
which, they said, the independent treasury act gave
the executive over the public funds; how they talked
of the union of the purse and the sword? Yes, the
act giving the government the power to take care of
its own funds, and^ which prevented corporations
from speculating ori them, they stigmatized as the
union of the purse and sword; and repealed it, leav-
ing the treasury without any legal enactments for its
safe-keeping, and thus emphatically putting the
purse and the sword in the hands of one individual.
Again: they passed a tariff bill which, on a previous
occasion, he had denounced as "the black tariff;" for
it wasi designed, from the beginning, by those who
tramed it, to filch money from the pockets of the
people, and put it into the pockets of certain capi-
talists. He repeated, that the object of that bill was
to legislate money into the pockets of a certain class,
out of the pockets of the people.
In the little time allotted to him, he could not
resort to details; but let any man examine that act
carefully and lie would see the distinction that was
made m favor of the capitalist and against the agri-
culturist, He would see that while the products
of agriculture are protected by a duty of from 5 to
lo per cent., the manufactured articles were protect-
ed by a duty of from 30 to 200 per cent. Was that
protecting labor? Why was this gross act of injus-
tice perpetrated? It was because the agricultural
and laboring classes were the last to come here and
beg for special favors; while the capitalists, more
active and more clamorous, were constantly on the
alert, and beseigingthe doors of Congress in search of
additional bounties. They sought to enrich them-
selves at the expense of the rest of the community,
and to degrade labor by shifting the burden of tax'
