532
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. McDvffie.
Senate.
refuse to-sanction the only act which can save us
from a great national calamity.
L shall not speak of the value of the lands in
Texas, nor of their immense productiveness in cotton;
for, so far as that view is concerned, it is the senator
from Massachusetts, and the State of Massachsetts,
and not myself and South Carolina, that are pecu-
liarly interested. So far as I have a mere pecuniary
interest, as s cotton planter of South Carolina, I
know perfectly well, that in receiving Texas I
rear up against myself and my constituents a for-
midable competition. In this view, I have no more
interest in urging the ratification of this treaty, than
the senator from Massachusetts would have in
inviting to the neighborhood of Boston, or Lowell,
a competitor who possessed some new and secret
improvement in machinery, by means of which he
could undersell all existing competitors. But the
"whole South has an interest in the annexa-
tion proposed; and while I shall endeavor to
show the nature of that interest, I invoke
the earnest attention of the Senate. The inte-
rest we have in this question is one which we
hold under the sacred guaranties of the constitu-
tion; and it involves not our property only—all of
of our property—but our very existence as political
communities. The honorable senator from Mas-
sachusetts said, on a former occasion, and with
great eloquence and emphasis, that, but for the pro-
tective system, he would instantly abandon the
steril soil of Massachusetts, and fly for relief to
other and more fertile regions. And I say, let those
fearful calamities come upon us, which may result
from what England considers as her philanthropic pol-
icy of extending by her counsels the spirit of univer-
sal emancipation—let the avowed wishes of Lord
Brougham and Lord Aberdeen for the abolition of
slavery throughout the world be consummated as
respects South Carolina, and, as God is my judge, I
would seek a refuge on the highest and most barren
mountain of Switzerland rather than remain in my
own native land, highly favored as it is by the
choinest blessings of a merciful Providence, if I am
to be surrounded by the curse and the plague of an
emancipated negro population. The whole civilized
world is laboring under a perfect hallucination on
the subject of negro slavery as it exists in the Uni-
ted States. There is no one of the communities of
the earth, if we except the slaveholding States them-
selves, has the slightest conception of the true char-
acter, and the moral and political effects of an insti-
tution against which their intrusive and injurious
denunciations and intermeddling machinations aie
ko perseveringly directed. I do not say this to de-
fend that institution, upon the supposition of a right
either here or elsewhere to interfere with it in any
way, much less to pronounce judgment upon it; but
I speak to dispel a prevailing delusion from the
minds of those whom the constitution has bound to
protect it as much as it binds them to protect the
manufactures of New England against the incendia-
ries or the soldiers of a foreign power. Will any
patriot attempt to make a distinction between the
social rights and institutions of the States of this
confederacy? That this government may constitu-
tionally refuse to extend its protection to the proper-
ty of twelve States of the Union, and even give
"aid and comfort" to foreign and domestic associa-
tions, avowedly aiming at its destruction? .It has no
right to inquire into the character of any State insti-
tution: that pelongs wholly and exclusively to the
sovereign people of the State where the institution
exists. Wow, sir, whatever others may think, there
is a deep and universal conviction impressed upon
the minds of all the people of the South and south-
western States, that the acquisition of a controlling
influence over Texas by Great Britain—having the
views she distinctly avows—will be imminently
dangerous to these institutions. We ask you to
give us nothing; we only ask you to protect the
property we have, which we hold by a title derived
from the ancestors of our fellow-citizens of the
North during our common dependence on Great
Britain. They imported the slaves under the laws
and auspices of the mother country, and against the
protests of some of the southern colonies, and sold
them to the ancestors of those who now hold them,
and warranted the title. And the solemn guaranty
afterwards made by the federal constitution was
nothing more than a confirmation of this warranty.
I introduce this topic here on this occasion to
show how unjust it is to the people of the South,
who have this moral and constitutional right to de-
mand of this government the protection of this
•ipfcripuon of property, to treat it us a sort of crimen
Icesce majeslalis—as an offence against the majesty
of abolitionism at home and abroad, to talk about it
at all in discussing a question which involves its ex-
istence. It has been significantly hinted here, and
openly affirmed elsewhere, that the Secretary of
State, by. even alluding in his official correspondence
to the subject of slavery, and the avowed designs of
Great Britain in relation to it, had committed a gross
indecorum towards the abolition spirit of the North,
which would drive northern senators from the sup-
port of this treaty. What, sir, has it come to this?—
that a man who feels himself to be a free citizen of
these United States dare not even speak of his rights,
and of the obligation of this government to protect
them against every danger, direct or indirect, open
or disguised, from whatever quarter it may come'
A more stinging insult could not be offered to a free
people. It has, again, been said, in certain quarters
of the Union, that Texas shall not be received into
the confederacy of the United States becausc it will
prove a nursery of slavery. Allow me to present a
plain and practical view as to this aspect of the ques-
tion.
What, then, will be the effect of the emancipation
of our slaves, or of a policy which shall confine
them to the limits of the existing slave States? What
shall be done with the emancipated slaves which
will be crowded upon us? Is there any theorist so
visionary as to think that all the emancipated slaves
of the United States can be colonized in Africa?
Why, sir, the annual increase of these people by
procreation is one hundred thousand. And how
many have the labors of the benevolent societies of
the United States annually transported from this
country? Not one hundredth part of that number.
They have scarcely cheeked the increasing numbers
of the free people of color already existing in the
United States.
That population in the United States cannot be di-
minished, but must be increased. Now, if we
shall annex Texas, it will operate as a safety-valve
to let off the -superabundant, slave population from
among us; and will, at the same time, improve
their condition. They will be more happy, and we
all shall be more secure. But if you pen them up
within our present limits, what becomes of the free
negroes, and what will be their condition? I have
not seen them congregated in great numbers, so as
to form a sort of community, any where but m
Philadelphia; and of all the spectacles of squalid
wretchedness to be found on the face of the habita-
ble globe, save, perhaps, in the puilieus of London,
they there exhibit the moat wrctched and revolting.
They are, in every view of moral dignity, a libel
upon the human race. Though they live under the
control of wise laws, devised and enacted by not a
bad specimen of the Anglo-Saxon race, yet there
they are such a spectacle of human degradation and
misery. If we send them to Africa, what will, in a
little while, be the spectacle they will exhibit there?
It will be worse than that which St. Domingo ex-
hibits now, after a progress of forty years in the
experiment of self-government. A philanthropist
will be just as much puzzled to ascertain the inscru-
table purpose of God in placing such beings upon
the face of the earth, as for what purpose he created
scorpions or rattlesnakes. In St. Domingo, they
have had the right of self-government for forty
years; and what has been their history? Indolence,
poverty, faction, oppression, and civil strife. Wave
after wave has passed over their wretched country,
and every wave now promises to be a wave of blood.
The truth is, they are utterly incapable of self-gov-
ernment. Even now, after the progress they have
made in Christian civilization—in the school of
slavery and under the dominion of a superior race—
I deliberately pronounce it as my opinion, long en-
tertained, and founded upon an intimate knowledge
of the negro character, and confirmed by the fatal
experiments made in the West Indies, that the priv-
ilege of self-government, confeired upon the slaves
now existing in the United States, formed into a
separate community, would be the greatest curse
that could be inflicted upon them. And if they
should be sent back to Africa, they would speedily
relapse into the condition of their savage ancestors.
What, then, shall we do with them? Remain with
us as free, they cannot. We shall be constrained to
throw them off as a nuisance upon our neighbors;
and the result to them will be worse than if half the
parishes of England should, by combination, throw
off their paupers on the other half. The injury to
the free States, from such an operation, would be
much greater than that which would be experienced,
in the case supposed, by the inundated parishes.
I trust I have .shown that we have a moral and
constitutional right to demand the protection of this
immense amount of slave property, and that all the
States of the Union are alike interested in giving
that protection, till the providence of God shall pro*
vide some natural and safe process of getting
rid of this description of people.
I deeply regret the necessity of referring to the
topic at all; but as it is maintained th^t this institu-
tion is a curse which must be removed, and as the
avowed desire and effort of those who entertain this
opinion, is to produce universal and immediate
emancipation, I ask, in no spirit of recrimination,
how did the South come to be afflicted with this
moral and political abomination? Sir, it came to us
of the present generation, and our ancestors for some
generations past, by inheritance. For nearly half a
century no slaves ha.ve been imported. For more
than a century preceding the termination of the slave-
trade, that infamous traffic was carried on by the
ships of Old England and New England; and I be-
lieve it was a royal monopoly in the mother coun-
try. In all the southern colonies I am not aware
that there was ever a single ship engaged in this
traffic. For the horrors of the middle passage,
which have been so often held up to excite sym-
pathy and indignation, the responsibility rests ex*
clusively on the ancestors of those who arc now so
strongly animated by a blind, reckless, and fanati-
cal zeal for the immediate emancipation of our slaves,
in violation of the double guaranty under which we
hold them, by the law of contracts, and the consti-
tutional compact of our Union, as equal and sove-
reign States. And it is a remarkable coincidence,
that those European States who never had any
agency in the slave trade, scrupulously observe the
great conservative law of non-interference in regard
to our domestic institutions; while those States, Eu-
ropean and American, who are really and exclu-
sively responsible for the original sin of slavery, are
combined together in waging a great moral and re-
ligious crusade against an institution which they
have themselves brought upon the slaveholding
States of this Union!
I have often looked at the ways of Providence
with the profoundest admiration and homage, when
1 have seen by what extraordinary agencies God is
able to bring good out of evil. It is obvious to my
view, that he has actually educed good to mankind,
even out of all the blood and atrocity which has maik-
ed the slave trade. A more detestable, a more abomi-
nable traffic never tarnished the annals of our race;
and yet, what has been its result? Two and a half
millions of the African race, whose ancesters were
brought to this country in the lowest and most brutal
state of savage degredation, are now, after a century
and a half of slavery, a civilizcd, religious, and I will
add happy and contented, people. Comparing their
present condition with that of the tribes from which
they were taken, it is apparent that they made larger
advances in moial and intellectual improvement,
than they could have made in Africa in ten centuries,
with all the exertions of ten thousand missiona-
ries.
Such is the institution of slavery in the United
States. Such are the means by which it was brought
upon us; and such are the results which have grown
©ut of it. When, therefore, we appeal to the States
of the North to protect this institution from the im-
minent danger to which it exposed, I trust no
Senator, no Senator representing a slave-holding
State, at least, will consider the bare fact of our mak-
ing this appeal a sufficient ground for rejecting a
measure calculated to afford the desired protection,
and eminently expedient upon more general grounds
of national policy.
A great deal has been said about the original title
of the United States to the territory of Texas; and it
has been repeatedly alleged that the title was improp-
erly alienated by the act of cession to Spain m
1819. I understood the honorable Senator from
Missouri to make this charge against Mr. Monroe's
administration; and I further understood him to say,
that he had once cast the blame on a distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, then a member of
Mr. Monroe's cabinet, and now a member of the other
House; but that he now retracted that charge, be-
cause that individual had publicly and privately de-
clared that lie was the last'inember of that cabinet
who yielded his consent to the cession. I now pro-
pose to put the Senator from Missouri right in this
matter. For this purpose, I shall read a short ex-
tract from a speech of the honorable John Cluincy
Adams, delivered in the year 1838, on this very
subject, which W)U tQiaJlv oyeithiow all the nrgii-
