CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
atiph on it. It was'.remarkable that, among all
the writers of political economy, there never yet had
been one willing to write an ^elementary work, de-
monstrating that by adding to" the prices of import-
ations at the custom houses, these prices would be
reduced to the consumer. It was remarkable
that no elementary writer had yet advanced
the doctrine that high taxes conduced to the pros-
perity of the people at large; yet the whig party had
made this grand discovery. Here the chairman's
mallet fell, announcing that Mr. Hamun's hour was
out.
Mr. HARALSON next obtained the floor, and
observed, on rising, that he did not propose to in-
flict on the House a party speech, nor (like the gen-
tleman who had preceded him) go into the general
discussion of political topics unconnected with the
subject under consideration. He purposed to con-
fine' himself, as far as he was able, to the question
under consideration in committee. He had voted
for the army-retrenchment bill, though many parts
of it were highly objectionable to him, because he
was anxious that retrenchment, in some form,
should be carried out; but should the bill come back
with amendments from the Senate, he hoped they
would have an opportunity of getting rid of those
objectionable features. He entirely dissented from
that'part of the bill which reduced so greatly the
pay of some of the officers. They generally had
no other means of support than their pay, having
devoted themselves exclusively to the profession of
arms; and by the bill, if they had families, were
left with a salary inadequate to their support. He
thought that the officers of the army were as much
entitled to have families as any other citizens; and
that men who were at all times ready to lay down
their lives for their country, and who had important
duties to perform, should not be reduced so low as
to be unable to provide comfortably for their wives
and children.
He also objected to the portion which cut
down the pay of the enlisted mechanics in the army.
He held that their pay was not sufficient under the
proposed reduction; and that, if they had families, the
pay was insufficient for their support. He could
not approve the doctrine that a man shouid resign
because he enjoyed the privilege of a citizen in a
family; but more especially he believed that their
pay should not be reduced. But, taking the bill as
a whole, he was disposed to look over its many de-
ficiencies, and he had thought proper to give it his
support in the anticipation and hope that the Senate
would amend it, ana send it back in a state more
unexceptionble, and in a form in which it could
receive his hearty approbation. That retrench-
ment was necessary, would be denied by few.
One gentleman had, however, with some apparent
triumph, referred to the state of the army in 1838,
and its increase at that period from 8,000 to 12,000
men; and not only to an increase of men, but to
an increase of pay to the amount now paid by law.
This had been done, it was said, preparatory to a
presidential election; but he (Mr. Haralson)
could attribute it more properly, he thought, to other
causes. The increase had taken place two years
before the last presidential contest, and when prop-
erty of every kind was of three times its pres-
ent value; wages were higher, both to the laborer
and the mechanic; and it was a more reasonable
conclusion that this increase of pay was made to
suit the times. What had occasioned that state of
things—whether it was an inflation of the currency,
or wW other cause—he would not stay to inquire;
but the fact was as he had stated it, and land, and
every other species of property, were at three times
their present value. The increase of the army
might be attributable to the existence of the war in
Florida—which, though it had continued some six
or seven years, our most experienced generals had
failed to bring to a close; and hence an increase of
the army became necessary.
Some explanations here ensued, in which Mr.
WHITE and Mr. HARALSON took part.
Mr. HARALSON then continued; and, in rela-
tion to the reduction of the army in 1842, he re-
minded the House that it had been shown, by a
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. McDowell,] that it
was the work of the democratic, and not of the
whig portion of this House; for 12 whigs only voted
for it, and about 80 democrats. He next spoke of
the opinions of the commander-in-chief, as favora-
ble to the reduction of the pay of the army, his own
included.
Some conversation here ensued on this pomt, in
which Mr. McKAY, Mr. BARNARD, Mr.
COLES, and others, took part.
Mr. HARALSON continued to speak in favor of
the measure until he was apprised by the chairman
that the time had arrived for the termination of de-
bate.
Mr. MORSE then withdrew his amendment; and
the question recurred on the pending amendment of
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. McKay,]
offered a few days since, and published at the time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out from the 8th to
the 20th line of the bill inclusive, which was agreed
to; as was also another amendment of not very great
importance.
Mr. SLIDELL proposed an amendment for sur-
veys in reference to the military defences of the
frontiers, inland and Atlantic, $10,000. For military
and geographical surveys, west of the Mississippi,
$20,000. It was negatived.
Mr. McCONNELL, in obedience to instructions
from the Military Committee, moved to amend by
inserting a provision appropriating $10,000 for t(ar-
racks in Florida.
The amendment was rejected.
The following amendment was offered:
For furnishing suitable books for the use of the soldiers,
$1000.
Rejected.
Mr. BOYD, in obedience, he said, to instructions
from the Committee on Military Affairs, proposed
the following amendment in relation to the military
post at Newport, Kentucky:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of "War be.
and he is hereby, authorized to purchase, for the use and in
tiio name of the United States, so much ground, not exceed-
ing two acres, at and adjoining the barracks at Newport, in
the State of Kentucky, as he may deem necessary for the
convenience and safety of the said post.
Jlnd be. it further enacted. That the sum of $1.5,500 be ap-
propriated for the purchase of said ground, and for the fur-
ther purpose of repairing the present buildings, and crecting
any others that maybe necessary at said post: Pronded,
That the sum appropriated for the purchase of the addition-
al ground shall not exceed the sum of $5,500 for the whole
of the two acres proposed to be purchased; and if the title
cannot be obtained for all of said ground, then he may pur-
chase lots number 4, 5, 6, 3*2, and 33, at a sum not exceeding
$4,900. •
On the question for the adoption of this amend-
ment, tellers were appointed, who, having counted
the votes, reported 71 in the affirmative, and 47 in
the negative.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. CROSS proposed the following amendment;
which was rejected:
Amend by adding at the end of the bill—
For completing barracks, quarters, &c., at Fort
Towson, west of Arkansas - - - $3,000
For completing barracks, quarters, &c., at Fort
Smith, Arkansas - 30,000
For continuing the building and repairing of bar-
racks, quarters, &c., at Fort Gibson, in addition to
the appropriation of last y ear - - - 12,500
For completing barracks, quarters, See., at Fort Jes-
up, Louisiana .... 4,000
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That $39,416 of the
amount heretofore appropriated by the acts of 14tli May,
' 1836, and 3d of March, 1839, for forts, Itarracks, &c., on the
Arkansas and western frontier, and transferred to the sur-
plus fund, be, and the same are hereby, reappropriated, to
close outstanding accounts for expenses already incurred
for the erection of barracks, Sea., at Fort Smith.
Mr. HARALSON proposed an appropriation of
$1,000 for the purchase of the island for the purpo-
ses of fortification at the mouth of the Savannah
river. Rejected."
Mr. HALE proposed to amend by inserting—
Provided, That the headquarters of the army shall not be
within the District of Columbia.
Rejected.
Mr. PATTERSON proposed an appropriation
of $15,000 to commence the erection of a fort at the
harbor of New York. Rejected.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the committee
then rose and reported the bill and the amendments
which had been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ments reported by the committee, and they were
agreed to.
The question was put on the engrossment of the
bill, and decided in the affirmative.
The bill was then read the third time and passed;
&nd the House adjourned.
The following" petitions, presented K =day, were
handed to the reporters by the ^embers,presenting
them: >, k ys - •
By Mr. CALDWELL: The petition of Mrs. Catha-
rine Gale, of Lincoln county, Kentucky: referred to th&
Committee on Revolutionary Claims. . ~-
By Mr. PHCENIX: The petition pf J. D. Wyckoff, pray-
ing to be paid for articles furnished the New York custom-
house. - <
By Mr. CARY: The petition of William Bromaghin, for a
pension: referred,to'the Committee ob Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of the citizens of St, Gene-"
vieve, Missouri, asking Congress to make appropriations for
the improvement of tne western riverai referred to the'
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. HUGHES: The petition of James C.vNoel, and 2ft"
other citizens of the State of Missouri, asking Congress fa
donate certain lands to them, the money to enter whicfe
they deposited with Wm. Wright, receiver of the land office
at Palmyra, Missouri, but said Wm. Wright failed to use the v
money for that purpose, and appropriated it to his own use;
and farther ask, if this relief cannot be given, that Congress
may grant them the right of pre-emption upon any unap-
propriated lands, with the privilege 01 paying for the same
within five years.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of John Hammond, and
24'Other citizens of Guernsey county, Ohio. The petition
of James Knox, and 19 other citizens of said township and '
county. The petition of Samuel, A. Fulton, and 53 other
citizens of Westland, in said countv. The petition of G. D.
Stout, and 51 other citizens of said township and county,
remonstrating against repealing or disturbing the present
tariff.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: The petition of William Greaves
and 46 others, and of H. Wetherald and 39 "others, asking
for a reduction of the duty on sugar. The petition of- A.
Barrows and others, against the repeal or modification of
the tariff of 1842, as tending to the derangement of the cur-
rency and the confusion of business.
By Mr. HUNT, of New York: The remonstrances of 152
citizens of Niagra county, New York, and of 66 citizens of
Allegany county, New York, against any reduction of the
present tariff.
By Mr. FISH: The petition of Robert Furlong for a
pension. The petition of Susan Bruin for a pension.
By Mr. McILVAINE; The remonstrance of John B. Chees-
man and 99 others, citizens of Chester county, Pennsyl-
vania, against any alteration of the present tariff, "which
has more than realized the best expectations of its friends."
By Mr. WENTWORTII: The remonstrance of 68 citi-
zens of Chicago, again-Rt the admission of Texas to this
Union: referred to the Committee of Foreign Relations.
By Mr. BIDLACK: The proceedings of a meeting of the
citizens of Columbia county, Pennsylvania, in favor, of the
present tariff", and against tne proposed change.
By Mr. FISH: The-memorial of underwriters in the city
of New York, in relation to the fortifications of the Gulf of
Mexico.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 16, 1844.
Mr. BATES presented a remonstrance of sixty-
four citizens of Brookfield, Massachusetts, against
the annexation of Texas to the United States: refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from James
Richardson and others, of Dedham, Massachusetts,
remonstrating against the passage of an international
copyright law: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial from Charles
M. Keller, asking that the Commissioner of Patents
may be authorized to grant him a patent for a" cer-
tain invention, which that officer is prohibited from,
doing whilst he (Keller) is employed in that office:
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. P. presented a memorial from 205 citizens of
Pittsford, Vermont, and one from citizens of Troy,
Orleans county,- Vermont, protesting against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. P. also presented a memorial from 197 citi-
zens of Pittsford, Vermont, against the proposed
modification of the tariff. Also, a memorial-of like
character from Willoughby, Vermont: referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TAPPAN presented two memorials of citi-
zens of the county of Brown, Ohio, and the proceed-
ings of a public meeting of citizens of Ripley, same
county and State, against the annexation of Texas
to the United States; which were ordered to He on
the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented five several memo-
rials numerously signed by citizens of the State of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any interfe-
rence with the present tariff: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial, signed by
150 highly respectable inhabitants ofSeneca county,
Ohio, remonstrating against any change in the ex-
isting tariff law. The memorialists represent that
that law has produced most beneficial effects in
securing them a home market, and that goods have
been purchased at as low a rate as they have evep
been: referred to the Committee on Finance.
