534
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jail, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Burt.
H, of Reps.
my responsibility to my constituents, to whom lap-
peal for the truth of the declaration, that he never
uttered or entertained an opinion more absolutely
destitute of all foundation. Sir, I have yet to learn
that public opinion in South Carolina, at any period
of its history, has even questioned the morality or
the expediency of that institution. Entertaining
the opinions which were held by their ancestors,
the present generation have none of the spirit of
their illustrious fathers, and are unworthy to bear
their honored names, if they did not repel, as a stain
on their own personal honor, any reflections upon
the morality of their institutions.
It is admitted by the gentleman from New York,
that Congress can exercise no jurisdiction over
slavery in the States, and that whether public opin-
ion in the North and the West be hostile to that in-
stitution, is an inquiry that has no relevancy to the
question under debate; and yet, without purpose or
propriety, he chooses gratuitously and wantonly to
mtioduce that topic into this discussion.
The municipal regulations and domestic policy of
a State are considerations which address themselves
to its own citizens, and this hall is not the forum in
which they are to be discussed. Whilst I will
promptly repel any imputation upon the institutions
of my State, I am restrained, no less by own self-
esteem than a just respect for my constituents, from
entering into any vindication of them here. But,
sir, I choose to say, that language cannot utter the
.scorn with which the South contemns an A despises
the upstart and huckstering morality which strives
to hold up to the reprobation of the world that an-
cient institution, to which it ascribes much that is
illustrious in its history and ennobling in its policy.
And, sir, as a southern man, I cast back to gentle-
men every offensive word and epithet which they
may be conscious of having applied to it in this
discussion. The gentleman from New York ex-
hibits irritation and resentment at my remarks. I
have only to .say, that he alluded in terms of dis-
paragement, if not of reproach, to an institution
with which my constituents and myself are identi-
fied; and if my language is offensive to him, I ac-
knowledge the right of the angry to determine the
mode and measure of his redress. Sir, let him
■who caters for the shouts of the mobs of the North
address to them such topics as may be suited to
their taste—it is no business of mine; but I protest
that the slang of the hustings be not introduced in
the debates of this House.
In proceeding now, sir, to consider the precise
question before the House, I shall confine my re-
marks to the cardinal position—the "head and front"
-—of the argument winch urges the abandonment of
the rule against the reception of incendiary petitions
and memorials. The duty of the House to rescind
that, rule is assumed as the correlative of the right of
petition; and it is conceded, that if Congress have
no jurisdiction over the matter of the petition—no
power to grant its prayer—the rights of the citizen
are not abridged by the rejection of the petition in
the most summary manner. That Congress should
do an act so idle and nugatory as to entertain memo-
fclsupon subjects clearly not embraced within the
sphere of its powers, is a proposition so manifestly
absured, that no one is found to maintain it.
The memorials excluded by the rule which it is
sought to abrogate—whatever else they may con-
tain—pray that slavery bo abolished in the District
of Columbia; and it is asserted that the right of "ex-
clusive legislation" m this District, which is con-
ferred by the constitution, delegates to Congress the
power to abolish slavery. The fundamental princi-
ples of civil liberty repel the idea that Congress pos-
sesses such a monstrous power of confiscation over
the rights and property of the citizen—a power no
less repugnant to the theory of our federal govern-
ment, and the limitations ofthe constitution, than to
the statutes of Maryland and Virginia, by which
the territory of the District was ceded to the govern-
ment of the United States.
Upon this clause of the constitution, and the stat-
utes of Virginia and Maryland, the jurisdiction of
Congress over the subject of slavery, so far, has
been rested; and I must be permitted to say, that the
argument against its jurisdiction is conclusive and un-
answerable. Yes, that vagrant fiend, which, in the
unobtrusive and peaceful name of petition, wages a
merciless and infamous war of plunder and massa-
cae against the South, has been driven from the con-
stitution, under which it sought shelter; then, like
some guilty thing, it timidly and meanly skulked
behind the obsolete rules and exploded practice of j
the British House of Commons; but it has been
dragged from even this miserable retreat.
But, sir, other v^ews of this question are suggest-
ed by the history and provisions of the constitution,
to which I invite the attention of the House; and un-
less I greatly over-estimate" their importance, they
will demonstrate that Congress possesses not a
power connected with the subject of slavery that
was not designed to protect and defend it, no less
against domestic attack than foreign invasion.
No subject that was submitted to the convention
which framed the constitution of the United States,
engaged more earnestly and anxiously the delibera-
tions of that august body, or brought into more
alarming collision the sectional prejudices of its mem-
bers, than that of slavery. The South cherished it
as a policy which she could never abandon for any
plan of union, and at once announced her unaltera-
ble purpose to maintain it. The northern and east-
ern States, entertaining the most settled prejudices
against it, after much reflection, and in consideration
of sectional advantages to be derived from a confed-
eration with the southern States, compromised their
repugnance, and assented to provisions in the plan
of a federal government which were designed to
guaranty and protect this species of property in the
southern States. It has now become necessary that
the concessions and compromises on this subject be
calmly reviewed; and upon their faithful maintenance
as the basis of our federal system, depend the stabil-
ity and permanence of a union which never would
have existed without them, and cannot, and ought
not now to endure, if they be not honestly and scru-
pulously observed.
The importation of native Africans into the colo-
nies of North America, to be held in slavery the
most unqualified and absolute, was approved no less
by the ministry and sovereign of Great Britain than
the inhabitants of the colonies themselves. The
colonies of the East, it should be admitted, were the
earliest to declare theirdisapprobation of this species
of commerce, although some of its citizens were the
last to desist from a traffic so gainful. How far the
opinions of individuals, or of sects, or colonies, in
New England, were affected by the unproductive-
ness of slave-labor, it is not material to inquire; but
it is not to be denied that African slaves existed at
the declaration of independence in all the colonies.
The southern States insisted, in the convention, that
this importation of slaves into their borders should
not be prohibited by the plan of government to be \
adopted, and proposed that the control of it should i
be reserved to the Slates, or that the right to make
such importations should, for a limited time, be gua-
rantied to the States.
The northern delegates declared the aversion of
their constituents to a policy so odious, and their
own uncompromising hostility to a commerce so in-
human. Mr. Baldwin, of Georgia, regarded the ob-
jection to this clause as "an attempt to abridge one
of the favorite prerogatives of the South," and de-
clared that Georgia was "decided on the point."
Mr. Williamson, of North Carolina, "thought the
southern States could not, be members of the
Union, if the clause should be rejected." Mr.
Rutledge, of South Carulina, said: "If the con-
vention think that North Carolina, South Car-
olina and Georgia will ever agree to the plan,
unless their right to import slaves be untouch-
ed, the expectation is vain." Mr. Sherman, said:
"It was better to let the southern States import
slaves, than to part with them, if they made it a sine
quanon." The year eighteen hundred was desig-
nated by the committee to which the subject had
been referred, as the period when the importation
should cease. Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina,
moved, in the convention, to stnke out eighteen hun-
dred, and insert eighteen hundred and eight. This
motion was seconded by Mr. Gorham, of Massa-
chusetts, and prevailed.
When the power of amendment was under con-
sideration, Mr. Rutledge moved a proviso, that
no amendment of the constitution, prior to eighteen
hundred and eight, should affect the ri^ht of the
States to import slaves. He declared that "he could
never agree to a power by which the article relating
to slaves might be altered by the States not interest-
ed in that property and prejudiced against it." On
each of these propositions Massachusetts gave her
vote in favor of that "inhuman and abominable traf-
fic," as the gentleman from Massachusetts, (Mr.
Wintiirop,) is pleased to characterize the petty
trade in this District. Sir, upon these facta, I sub-
mit it to that gentleman, and his constituents, to pro-
nounce whether it becomes him to utter this denun-
ciation of hi3 own Commonwealth.
In the articles of confederation no provision exist-
ed for the recovery of slaves that fled from their mas-
ters to States in which slavery had been abolished.
In some of the Eastern States the right of the owner
to recapture his fugitive slave was denied; arid in
one of- them, the attempt to retake a slave that had
escaped was openly resisted by the violence of a
mob. The insecurity to property arising from the
facility of escape, and the difficulty and hazard of
recovery, induced the Southern States to require a
provision, in the nature of a treaty stipulation, be-
tween the States, for the surrender of fugitive slaves.
That provision in the constitution was assented to,
not only by every State, but by every member of
the convention. It is a distinct and unequivocal re-
cognition of property m slaves—an admission that
such property shall be protected by the laws of each
State, and an obligation on each to aid the owner in
the recovery of his fugitive slave.
In adjusting the basis of representation in the
popular branch of Congress, the Southern States in-
sisted that slaves should be embraced in the enumer-
ation of persons on which that representation is
founded. The Northern States protested earnestly
and zealously against a proposition which they
deemed disparaging to the freeman, and odious to
the people of the North.
Mr. Butler and General Pinckney, of South Car-
olina, contended that blacks should be included in
the rate of representation equally with the whites.
Gouverneur Morris and others declared their insu-
perable aversion to slavery, and their determined op-
position to any representation of it. Mr. Davie, of
North Carolina, said "he saw it was meant by
some gentlemen of the North to deprive the South-
ern States of any representation for their blacks,
lie was sure that North Carolina would never con-
federate on any terms that did not rate them as at
least three-fifths." On this point the northern and
eastern States again yielded, and the present basis of
representation and direct taxes, by which three-fifths
of the slaves are enumerated, was the patriotic com-
promise of conflicting opinions.
When the clause which confers upon Congress
the power to "provide for calling forth the militia to
execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tions* and repel invasions," and to impose upon the
United States the duty of "protecting each of them
against invasion" and "against domestic violence,"
was under consideration, northern delegates again
protested against the importation of slaves. Mr.
King, of Massachusetts, said, "the object of the
general system is defence against foreign inva-
sion and defence against internal sedition:" and
objected to the importation of slaves as increa-
sing the danger of sedition in one part of the United
States, which another was bound to defend. Mr.
Gouveneur Morris said: "They (the northern
States) are to bind themselves to march their militia
for the defence of the southern States, for their de-
fence against these very slaves against whom they
complain." "The southern States (he said) arc not
to be restrained from importing fresh supplies of
wretched Africans, at onae to increase the danger of
attack and difficulties of defence. Nay, they are to
be encouraged to it, by the assurance of having their
vote"? m the national legislature increased in propor-
tion."
These, sir, are the provisions of the constitution
which embrace the powers granted by the States to
the federal government—their organ and instrument
in relation to the subject of slavery. Their charac-
ter and objects are defined m the discussions which
they underwent by the authors of the constitution;
and they demonstrate that Congress has no other
jurisdiction over slavery, than the mere ministerial
and qualified power of aiding the States in enforcing
the absolute rights of the master.
Rut, sir, slaves held under the laws of the several
States, at the adoption of the constitution, are not
only recognised as property by the constitution, but
the right to import natives of Africa, to be held as
property, is secured to the States until the year 1808,
on the single condition that a tax not exceeding ten
dollars each might be imposed on them, the northern
and eastern Stales thus assenting to the traffic, and
actually participating m its emoluments.
These are the compacts between the northern and
eastern and the southern States: end the obligations
and duties of the former to protect and guaranty the.
property of the latter m slaver. They become the
compacts and obligations of any new State, as con-
ditions of admission into the Union.
