May, 1844. 
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pension Bill—Mr. Seymour.
H. of Reps.
Equal representation in the Senate, and the right
of a majority in Congress to enact laws regulating
commerce and navigation, are the specific equiva-
lents which were rendered by the South for these
stipulations in relation to slaves. In a note to the
debates in the convention, Mr. Madison says an un-
derstanding took place between the North and South
on the subjects of navigation and slavery, and thus
is explained the votes of the eastern States on all the
provisions connected with the latter.
If, sir, thia government were not the mere agency
of the States, exercising no other powers than those
that have been delegated -for specified objects and
purposes, and therefore limited in its action, it still
would be bound, by all the sacred obligations that
treaties impose upon nations, to abstain from .any
act that impairs the title or value of that property
which it has so distinctly apd amply guarantied to
the South. I deeply regret to say that these guar-
anties of the constitution have been shamefully vio-
lated by States that hive enjoyed largely the advan-
tanges of the compromises on which they are found-
ed. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts has
proceeded to the utmost verge of State sovereignty,
to prevent the recovery of a fugitive slave within her
limits, by interposing the shield of her laws for his
protection. Similar statutes have been enacted in
the States of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ver-
mont. Encouraged by the security of such legis-
lation, an immense number of slaves have fled to
the non-slaveholding States; and in no solitary in-
stance has one been restored to his master. Such
inducements to escape have rendered slaves com- .
paratively of little value in coterminous States; and
must eventually render them utterly worthless. It
is not disguised that individuals habitually instigate
and aid them to flee from their owners, in violation
of the laws of the slaveholding States; and when
these felons have been demanded under the terms
of the constitution, as recently has been done of the
authorities of New York, Massachusetts, and
Maine, the demand, in every instance, has been re-
fused; and the refusal of the requisition has been
put on the insulting pretence that their laws do not
recognise the "right of one man to hold property
in his fdlow-man;" and therefore a slave cannot be
the subject of larceny, even in States where slavery
existed
But, sir, the danger which menaces the domestic
institutions of the South is not confined within the
limits of the non-slaveholding States. A band of
organized and reckless incendiaries, emboldened
by such legislation, and intrenching themselves be-
hind public opinion in those States, have proclaimed
a crusade against it, and inscribed on their des-
eciated banner the impious motto of devastation:
"Slavery is to be abolished;" "It should be done if
it is not supported by the constitution, and much
more if it is." They carry to the polls more than
fifty thousand votes, and boast of daily increasing
numbers. They have enlisted in this infamous war
of carnage that tremendous engine of mischief, the
press; subsidized the cant of the pulpit; invoked
the anathemas of the church; and now seek to
bring to their aid the most mischievous of all the
instruments of revolution—licentiousness of debate
in the halls of Congress. Fatally resolved on
the demolition of the institutions of their own
country, they have even appealed to the aid of
British associations and British diplomacy.
The migration of slaves from one slaveholding
Stnte to another, and the existence of slavery in
the District of Columbia, are the outposts of this
institution, which have been assailed by its adver-
saries, and upon the conquest of which their hopes
of victory depend. These points of defence sur-
rendered, they proclaim that their ultimate object of
emancipation iu the States will be speedily and tri-
umphantly accomplished. It cannot be disguised
that the denial of the right to transfer slaves from
the old States to the fertile lands of the sothwest,
where their labor would be more productive,
would essentially impair their value, and might
ultimately render their emancipation inevitable; and
that this consummation would be greatly accelerated
by converting this District into an asylum for
fugitives. It is the duty of Congress to resist the
assailants; they must and will be repulsed.
But, sir, whatever maybe the action of Congress,
it is the cardinal duty, as it is the incontestable right
of States, to defend their institutions, as well against
the treachery of friends as the arms of enemies. It
may be the destiny of my native land to endure this
wron  and submit to this degradation; but never
until °ni a gallant and d*e3perate struggle for the
rights of her citizens and the constitution of the
country, she shall have exhausted all the means to re-
sist oppression that God has given to the free and
the brave. . -
Sir, this agitation mustno longer be permitted to
molest the South in'the enjoyment of its constitu-
tional right; these assaults upon her institutions
must cease, nowand forever. The South demands
that this government repudiate the unholy designs
of those fanatics and felons against its domestic peace
and social order. Let this House reject their peti-
tions: tell them your self-respect forbids that you
listen to their insulting solicitations to violate the
constitution of your country, and your sacred obli-
fations to the South; crush forever the impudent and
ishonoring hope, that you can participate in their
infamous purposes. It is due alike to the constitu-
tion, to yourselves, and the South, that this be done,
and done now.
But, sir, if the period, however remote, is antici-
pated when Congress shall forget the value of this
Union to America and to mankind, and the high and
glorious destiny which awaits this government,
administered in the spirit of the constitution,—break
down the barrier you have erected against its ene-
mies, rescind your rule, receive the petitions of
those who seek its overthrow, and bid them hope
for success.
We have been told in this debate by those who,
advocating the repeal of this rule, yet protest that
they are prepared to adhere to the compromises of
the constitution, that the right of petition is violated
by it; and if the rule be abolished, the right of peti-
tion being maintained, the object of these memori-
alists will be attained, and the quiet and repose of
the country restored.
Sir, is this the language of those who surround
this Capitol, and demand that your rules of pro-
ceeding—rules confined to this House alone, and not
seeking to control the action of any but its members
—shall conform to their wild and extravagant dog-
mas of "human rights?" Have not they proclaimed
that this contest is for no such paltry abstraction as
that their petitions be merely received, without de-
bate or consideration of the policy which they urge,
but for the abolition of slavery throughout the
world; and that their efforts shall never cease until
man ceases to hold his fellow-man in bondage? In
the tracts which they distribute through every part
of this broad confederacy, they maintain that
"property in human beings is immeasurably more
tyrannous and oppressive than that usurpation
against which our fathers took arms in '7G;" and
that until "this question be settled right, our glo-
rious revolution is incomplete, and our national his-
tory unfit to be written."
I am not informed as to the means which the po-
litical relations of the member from Maine [Mr.
Severance] afford him of knowing the objects and
designs of the abolitionists; but I have no reason to
doubt that they are the most ample. In his re-
marks, a few days since, that gentleman felt au-
thorized to declare that the agitation of the abolition
of slavery would not be quieted by the mere recep-
tion of these petitions; that it would never cease
until Congress provides for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia; but that when this
shall have been done, the agitation may cease in
this hall, but it might be transferred to another
quarter. He was pleased to add the expression of
his own opinion, that Congress should proceed
without delay towards the accomplishment of that
object. Now, sir, however ardently it may be de-
sired by that gentleman, or these memorialists, I
venture to say, that when the question of abolishing
slavery in this Di&trict shall be entertained by Con-
gress, its discussion will be the knell of this Union.
And let me tell the gentleman from Maine, that
when that subject shall be seriously debated in this
hall, even he may not find safety in the obscurity
which he has so just a right to enjoy.
Let the South, if she be wise, take warning, and
look to her safety before it shall lie forever too late.
Sir, this eternal agitation of her domestic policy is
aggression—is war on the South. It must lead to
discontent—to revolt—to bloodshed. If that crisis
must come, she will meet it, as she has others, un-
flinching and unblanching, and resting her hope in
the right, abide its terrible hazards. She will look
not to the broken treaties and violated faith of her
confederate States for promised succor and stipulated
aid; she only demands that they do not abet her
enemies, and precipitate upon her the horrors of a
domestic Mar. Bur, sir, if, in the providence of
Heaven, the standard of revolt shall be hoisted by
servile hands within her broad limits, and-those who
shall have'incited the most loyal and happy peas-
antry on earth to such desperation and folly, have
the courage to rally around that bloody banner, and
mingle in the fray, I pledge the untarnished honor
of the South that not a wretch shall return to his
home to narrate the story of their disaster.
REMARKS OF MR. SEYMOUR,"
op new york.
In the House of Representatives, May 29, 1844—Ort
the bill to amend the act granting half pay and
pensions to certain widows of officers and soldiers
of the army of the revolution.
Mr. SEYMOUR said: The bill now under port-
sideration proposes to increase the pension roll of
widows of officers and soldiers of the revolution, by
extending it to persons who, by the conditions of
the present law, are deprived of its benefits. As the
law now stands, no widow of a revolutionary officer
or soldier can (except there be a special
enactment) receive a pension, unless she were
married to her husband, on whose account the pen-
sion is granted, prior to the first day of January,
1794. The requirement that her marriage should
have taken place before the first day of January,
1794, seems to me to be an arbitrary rule, not
founded in any good reason growing out of the case.
If I have not entirely mistaken the , policy of the
laws granting pensions to these widows, it is found-
ed on the well-known fact, that their husbands,
whose surviving representatives they are, were in
truth the creditors of the government, and had a just
claim upon its bounty; and that this claim was not
discharged by the death of the pensioned husband,
but remained to his widow, who had shared with,
him the privations and destitution consequent upon
his services. If this be so, then surely, whether the
marriage were before or after the period specified in
the present law, the widow should, if otherwise en-
titled, receive a pension. The bill, however, con-
fines its' benefits to such widows as were married
prior to the year 1800, being an extension of six
years beyond the period limited for that purpose by
the present law.
Again, sir, by the former laws, these pensions
were granted only for a certain term of years; by
the first law of this character for five years, and sub-
sequently from year to year, as Congress were
pleased to appropriate the money for that purpose.
Now, sir, against this uncertainty of provision—
this annual dependency—I protest. If the applicant
is entitled to a pension for this year, is she not also
for the next? and if for a period of five years, why
not for twenty years, or during life? Why should
she not, in her declining years, have the consola-
tion of knowing that the provision made by the
country for her comfort and support is permanent,
and not dependent upon the caprice or the contin-
gencies of legislation. This obvious defect in the
existing laws is remedied by that provision in this
bill which grants the pension for life. These are
the two main points in which it is proposed to ex-
tend the operation of the pension laws; other and
very important facilities in obtaining pensions will
be given to this class of applicants by the passage of
this bill. . ,
I know it is urged that our pension system is al-
ready too extensive, and presses too heavily upon
the treasury, and that the extensions proposed by
this bill are demanded by no considerations of pub-
lic policy or private right. But let us look at the
facts. Sir, our pension system is founded upon the
principles of justice and benevolence. From the
peace of 1783 to 1818, a period of thirty-five years,
the soldiers of the revolutionary army were suffer-
ed to go down to the grave in cheerless poverty, un-
supported by any substantial token of the grateful
remembrance of their countrymen. True, we had
processions and bonfires, parades and orations—all
in empty honor of those men of a glorious age
whose was the high and peculiar privilege of achiev-
ing a nation's independence. But many a man was
there who mingled in these demonstrations of joy,
and raised the loudest psns in praise of the heroes
of the revolution, yet never thought how the rem-
nant of these veterans among us were clothed and
fed much less whether they were in the enjoyment
of those comforts which are the stay and solace of
°Tt was not until the year 1817 that the attention
of Congress was drawn to this subject. In that
year, President Monroe presented to their considera-
