CONGRESSIONAL GkG&E.
lievsd the benefits resulting from it to the public at
laige, were inestimable. ■ By means of it, general
intelligence of the utmost consequence was diffused
through the constituency of Congress. He believed
t generally happened that members of Congress
sought out such of their constituents for sending
speeches and document to, as were in remote places,
and in a great measure shut out from newspaper
intelligence. In view of the franking privilege being
a privilege of the greatest importance to the people,
he should oppose every proposition to abolish it.
Mr. WRIGHT did not design to protract the dis-
cussion, at present, upon any portion of this bill.
The remarks of the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Foster,] referred, as he [Mr. Foster]
would see, by looking to it, principally to the next
section of the bill. He (Mr. w*.) did not complain
that they were not pertinent, for they would be sb
very soon, if they were not now; as he designed
very soon proposing to strike the ninth section out;
yet the motion which he now made, acted clearly
upon the matter which came to members of Con-
gress from their constituents, and not upon that
which was sent to them. He had omitted; and
should omit any remarks upon the other side of the
question, until the ninth section should come under
consideration, because, by separating the two sides,
this privilege could be considered quite as clearly.
For himselfj leaving open the privilege of sending
such matter as related to public business and
duties, free of postage, he did not think that
their constituents had a very deep interest in send-
ing much to either body that was not free of postage.
Those who wrote to him, or who would write'to
him, knowing that he would have to pay postage,
would very naturally limit their correspondence,
and thus relieve him from many letters and commu-
nications which he was in the habit of receiving
every day. ,
The senator [Mr. Foster] said, however, that
this franking privilege to members of Congress was
not a privilege to them—and in that remark he (Mr.
W.) concurred most fully—but was a privilege ex-
tended by them to the people. It might be so; but
he thought members of Congress should not force a
privilege of this sort upon them against their will;
and, so far as he knew, this action of Congress was
supposed to be in obedience to the strong expres-
sion of public opinion against the existing Post
Office regulations. Within his own observation,
that public opinion had expressed itself so clearly
and unequivocally upon no other point as against
the franking privilege, and not that privilege in the
hands of postmasters any more than in the hands
of members of Congress. He understood from
the honorable chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. Merrick,] in the
remarks made by that senator a few moments ago,
that they had not a memorial before the committee
which did not make one of its burdens the aboli-
tion or material curtailment of this privilege. If,
therefore, that was the public opinion, and the will
of the people, whose privilege this was, he hoped
his friend from Tennessee would go with his mo-
tion.
Mr. FOSTER wished to know whether there was
a very large number of memorials calling for the
abolition of the franking privilege; and if there was,
from what sections of the country they came. He
apprehended it,would be found that they came from
the large commercial cities, and not from the mass
of the people in the country. He argued at con-
siderable length in favor of retaining the franking
privilege, as a valuable means of disseminating im-
portant congressional information to the people.
Mr. MERRICK said that, when he last summed
up the memorialists against the franking privilege,
they amounted to about 10,000; since which 5,000
might be added. There were also resolutions from
eight of the State legislatures calling for its abolition.
With regard to the pending motion, he had only to
say that his friend from New York [Mr. Wkkuit]
proposed to go much further in regard to the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege than the Post Office
Committee thought necessary or desirable at the
present moment. He explained the existing law as
to the establishment of new post offices and discon-
tinuance of others. He then reverted to the pending
amendment, which he read. It would be seen that the
committee did not approve of going so far. It might
do very well if it was desirable to confine the com-
munication between members of Congress and their
constituents to mere matter of aetual legislation.
But there were many subjects indirectly bearing up-
pn legislation, which never earoc to be operated up-
on, and yet it was highly necessary that, even in
regard to absolute subjects of legislation, these in-
direct communications should 'be permitted. He
cited the fact of the innumerable communications ad-
dressed to himself as chairman of the Post Office
Committee, which afforded him great and impor-
tant information, though not one of them separately
could be made a subject of direct legislation.
Mr. FOSTER admitted the respectability of the
authorities cited by the chairman of the Post Office
committee, as remonstrating against the franking
privilege; yet they were only comparative. Eight
States out of twenty-six were, to be sure, one-
third; and ten or fifteen thousand citizens of ths
United States were, doubless, a respectable body;
but they form a very small portions of the seventeen
or eighteen millions of the people of the country.
He felt compelled to call for a division of the ques-
tion on the motion to strike out and insert.
After a few explanations between Messrs.
WRIGHT, FOSTER, and MERRICK as to the
effect of calling for a division of the question, it was
suggested that the object the senator from Tennes-
see had in view, would be best attained by waiting
for the motion to strike out another section of the
bill relating to the franking privilege.
Mr. FOSTER, at this suggestion*, withdrew his
call for a division of the question.
Mr. WRIGHT made a few observations in re-
ply to the senator from Tennessee, and further
urged the propriety of so limiting the franking priv-
ilege as to confine it literally to matters of legisla-
tive operation, and to place it within the control of
the presiding officers of both Houses of -Congress.
Mr. ALLEN inquired whether communications,
sent through the president or secretary of the Sen-
ate, and sealed, would have to be opened and exam-
ined by the president or secretary.
Mr. WRIGHT said his design was that nothing
should be sent in this way but what was proper to
be opened and examined by the presiding officers.
Mr. ALLEN suggested that it would be a very
inconvenient and unpleasant duty to impose on the
presiding officers, inasmuch as tliey would have to
wade through much that was" private, for the sake
of ascertaining what related to public matters. He
saw no reason why the honor of a senator should
not be entrusted with the discrimination between
what was addressed to him as a public matter and
what as a private affair of his own. He should be
entrusted with the right of getting such postage as
related to public business charged to the public, and
such as related to himself to his own private ac-
count.
Mr. WRIGHT explained that the senator from
Ohio misconceived his object. It was not to au-
thorize communications to be addressed personally
to senators, through sealed communications, en-
dorsed to the presiding officers. His object was to
authorize only communications, addressed to the.
body itself, or to one of its committees, to come
postage free; not to authorize, by any covert mode,
personal communications to senators.
Mr. WOODBURY stated that he conceived the
object was to take away the personal franking priv-
ilege of members of Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that such was his ob-
ject.
The yeas and nays having been demanded, were
ordered; and the question being taken, resulted, yeas
5, nays 35, as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Atchison. Atlierton, Fairfield, Tap-
pan. and Wright--.').
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Breese, Choate, Clayton, Colquitt, Crittenden, Kvan.s,
Foster, Francis, Fulton, Hannegan, Haywood, Henderson,
Hugcr, Jarnagin, McDuftio, Iviangiim, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead, Pearce, Vhelps, i'orter, Semple, Sevier, Sim-
mons, Sturgeon, Upham, White, Woodbridge, and Wood-
bin y —3.3.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BREESE moved to amend the 3d section by
adding, "that every deputy postmaster shall return
postage on receiving proof that an overcharge of
postage was made, whether the letter be opened in
the post office or not."
Mr. MERRICK explained the existing practice,
and showed that the proposed rates of postage being
by weight, no such esse could arise as supposed.
The amendment was therefore unnecessary.
Mr. BREESE withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to strike out, the ninth sec-
tion; which relates to the substitute of a certain num-
ber of free stamps to each membra of Congress in
lieu of the privilege of franking his own letters.
He should very much have liked to have been
  .J r J! ,.L j, >li ..u - .
able ,to carry both ofliis Amehdiheiits'; '' bat soil^ige;
a majority differed from him on the.firsi,that helm*
prehended even, the second, though the mostimpay-
tant, would not be acceptable. It related to the sub-
stituted proposed for franking the vast amount :of
free matter now transmitted by the mail.
He called for-the yeas and nays,. which wer? ;
ordered. - -
Mr. SEVIER inquired , whether, if-this: section
was stricken out, the franking privilege would re-
main. : -
Mr.' WRIGHT said not at all. ; ;'
Mr. SEVIER made a few observations as to the
weight of mail matter carried at present by-the mail, ,
and showed that besides the mail, passengers had •
always been carried by the stages, which showed
the weight never was so excessive as supposed..
Mr. MERRICK observed that the section pro-
posed to be stricken out, was that portion of the bill
which preserved, in a modified form, the franking
privilege of members of Congress. By a preceding
section, the franking privilege, as it now exists, was
abolished; and those two sections, the 8th and 9th,
were then inserted by the committee, for the purpose
of restoring, in a modified form, so much of the'
franking privilege as would be sufficient to cover the
public business, which members of Congress should'
be charged with. And it was thought by thecom-
mittee that the mode now proposed in the bilbwaa
the least exceptionable that could be adopted. [To
show the extent of the revenue to be saved, he read
from the committee's report the passages which were-
quoted on the first discussion of the bill, and which.
it is not deemed necessary here to republish.] .
By this report it appeared that, last year, mail mat-
ter which, if charged, would amount to #367,000,
went free under the whole of the franking privilege,
and only to the amount of $31,000 franked by mem- '
bers of Congress. - The great object was to make
the extent to which each member of Congress' could
use the franking privilege certain and known. It
could not go beyond 50 cents a day for each meni-"
ber; and to that extent it would be their-privilege to "
do what they pleased with it. The public would,"
however, be satisfied that no abuse of the franking
privilege could go beyond that extent.
Mr. SEVIER suggested to his friend from New
York [Mr. Wright] to first move to strike out the
fifth section, (that repealing the franking privilege1
granted by the act of 3d March, 1325.)
Mr. WIGHT observed that, if his motion as to
the ninth section fust was tried, and foiled, the mo-
tion to strike out the fifth section could be next tried;
and if successful, the ninth section would of course
fall to the ground.
Mr. MERRICK said such, of course, would be
the effect.
Mr. HAYWOOD took it for granted that the
ground taken in relation to the necessity of abating
or abolishing the franking privilege was, that the
people had decided that members of Congress had ■
abused the franking privilege. He asked where was
the proof of all this? Correct information should
first be obtained as to the abuses, if any actually
do exist, and then legislation should be shaped so as'
to correct these abuses. He should vote for striking
out this ninth section, for he would rather not have
the franking privilege at all than to have it in (fee
form proposed. Tt would be the ratification, by le-
gislation, of a suspicion or supposition entertained
by a few persons that members of Congress had
abused a privilege attached to the dignity of their
station. He objected to legislating upon the as-
sumption that they were not fit to be entrusted with
the privilege of free communication with their con-
stituents.
Mr. MERRICK replied, the bill only proposed
to pass a law leaving the proper department to carry
it out. Such had been the course in relation to all
post office laws hitherto adopted by the, government.
In relation to the franking privilege, the proposition
was not that members of Congress should go to the
Postmaster General and ask him for a pass to write
a letter. It was making a command that a subordi-
nate should furnish, for the convenience of members
of Congress, such facilities as were requisite for
their correspondence. The object of the whole bill
was to meet public opinion, by such a reduction, of
postage as would insure an increase of the source of
revenue necessary to sustain the department. He
read from the Post Office Committee's report the
general observations in relation to the franking priv-
ilege.
Mr. PHELPS was desirous of bringing the Sen-
ate to a direct vote, on this question. His design iq
