CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. ^ PENSION BILL. - .
- ;Mr. EVAN'S, from the Committee on Pensions,'to which
was recommitted the bill making appropriations for the pay-
ment of revolutionary and other pensions for the fiscal year
coding June 30, 1845, which had been returned from the
House with certain amendments to the amendments of the
Senate, reported' it back with a recommendation that the
Senate do concur with the amendments of the House.
On'motion by Mr. EVANS, the previous orders of the day
were postponed, and the bill was then taken up, considered,
and the amendments were concurred m.
Mr. MILLER, from the.Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, made an adverse report, which was ordered to be
printed, on the petition of William Easby, praying to be in-
demnified for losses under a contract for supplying cement
for building a bridge over Pennsylvania avenue, at 2d street
west.
On motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, the Committee on Pen-
sions was discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Patience Brown, the widow of Samuel Brown, a
revolutionary soldier, praying foe the continuation of the
pension which expired on the 4th March last. This falls
within the provisions of a bill reported.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse reports,
which were ordered to be printed, on the petition of pnarles
Hughes, a soldier of the revolution, for a pension; euid the
petition of William Keller, for increase and arrears of pen-
sion.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on Claims, made
an adverse report on the petition of Lyon & Howard, pray-
ing the payment of a balance due them under a contract
with the United States for the construction of a steam
dredging machine: ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. WO0DBRIDGE, from the Committee ~on Commerce,
reported a bill for the relief of Noah Miller; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading, and the bill accom-
panying it to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims, reported a
bill for the relief of William M. C. Easton; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading. -
The bill from the House making appropriation for the
support of the army for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1845, was read twice, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, on leave, introduced a bill to pro-
vide for extending the interests of the United States against
claims to alleged grants of land in Florida; which was read
twice, and relerred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on Public Land
Claims, reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill from the House for the
benefit"of James Anderson, of the Territory of Iowa.
On motion by Mr. CRiTTENDEN, the previous orders of
the day were postponed, and the Senate took up for consid-
eration, as in committee of the whole, the joint resolution
respecting the application of certain appropriations hereto-
fore made; the question pending was an amendment report-
ed by the Committee on Militaiy Affairs altering the phra-
seology of the resolution.
Mr. .BUCHANAN called for an explanation of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said the resolution made no new ap-
propriation, but merely established the order of payment of
appropriations heretofore made to satisfy claims, some of
which were due to the territorial government of Florida,
and others to individuals. The delegate from sthat
territory in the other House desires that the appropriation,
which he (Mr. C ) understood was inadequate to the pay-
ment of all the claims, should be applied to satisfy individ-
ual claims first. It was just, "because the territorial govern-
ment procured the supplies (which constitute the claims)
from taose individuals for the support of the troops.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolution was
ordered to be read the third time.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, re-
ported back, without amendment. House bill making appro-
priation of certain moneys in the treasury for the naval
service.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the Senate took up for considera-
tion, as in committee of the whole-, the above bill.
Mr BAYARD said that this bill was intended to supply
the place of the act passed by Congress some time since,
authorizing the transfer of certain appropriations. The
limitations attached to that act were such as to render it m
adequate to the purpose for which it was designed. Ine
President communicated thifc fact to Congress by a special
message, and suggested that there was in the treasury the
gum oF $116,922 79, resulting from the sale of condemned
naval stores, which might be appropriated for the purpose
of meeting the demands under the head of improvements
and repairs, in order to meet which the authority was asked
and granted to make transfers from other heads of appropri-
ation, but was granted with such limitations as to prevent
its exercise. In consequence of the President's message,
the bill now under consideration was introduced in the
House of Representatives, passed there, and was referred,
in this body, to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He desired to say, however, by the direction of the
committee, that, in recommending tne passage of this bill,
they did not mean to sanction the views and reasoning of
the President's message. In the opinion of the committee,
the right to sell the property of the United States, under the
circumstances of the case, was an assumption on the part of
the executive which had no better foundation than the
usage of the department. But, the sale having been made,
the committee do not entertain a doubt that the proceeds
were properly paid into the treasury of the United States
These saws were made early in the year m the cities of Bos-
ton, New i ork, Washington, Pensacola, &c , embracing a
great variety of property, provisions, naval stores, old cop-
per, old iron, Sec., and the proceeds were placed m the treas-
ury. The Secretary of the Treasury, very properly, would
not suffer the amount to be withdrawn without a special
law. The appropriation of the atfiount is the object of the
bill now under consideration. The necessity for the pass-
ggeof the bUl will appear from the letter of the Secretary of
wh*ckhe would read, addressed to the chairman
oi the Committee on Naval Affairs of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and dated the llth of this month. He (the sec-
retary) was called upon to. state what were the exigencies
upon which this appropriation should be made:
(Navy Department, April 11, 1844.
Sir: In reply to your communication of the 9th, upon ''
the subject of the appropriation for the "increase, repair^ ar-
mament, and equipment of the navy ,v I would respectfully
state that the present balance in the treasury under that
head is $4,605 79.
As nearly as the department is informed, there is wanted,
to pay bills of mature dates at the various agencies, the sum
of $39,'999 82. Some of these bills v> ere contracted for cash,
and are, on account of the crippled condition of this fund, of
very long standing. Calls on the department for their pay-
ment are almost daily made, and I "would respectfully urge
an early action on the part of the committees of Congress,
and'of Congress itself, upon this subject.
The amount which will be required under the hea3 of
"increase," Sec-, for the remainder of the current fiscal year,
cannot be determined with exactness, but the sum proposed
by the bill (No. 186) will, I think, be insufficient. In the
month of February, $59,441 92 were issued; in March,
$35,202 05. There appear to be now due and unpaid about
$40,000; which, deducted from the proposed appropria-
tion, leaves some $76,000 for the repairs, &c. of vessels, in
the months of April, May, and June.
1 have the honor to be, with great respect, your^ obedient
servant,
J. Y. MASON.
Hon. Wax. Payment eh, Chairman of the Committee oil Naval
Affairs, House of Representatives.
The bill for the next fiscal year had not yet been reported.
This was to supply he deficiency which existed under the
head of improvements and repairs, &c., which grew out of
the fact that the appropriation under this heaa had been
exhausted in the disbursements made in the commence-
ment of the year. This was the present condition of the
case. What vk as now asked, was not to appropriate any
additional fund out of the treasury, but to allow the pro-
ceeds which arose from the sale of the naval stores referred
to, to be disposed of as recommended by the Secretary Of
the Navy. It was true, the secretary said that he doubted
whether the amount was sufficient for the purpose; but he
a^ked for nothing more, and must rely upon proper care
and economy to make it adequate.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and having been
read the third time, ana the question then being, "Snail it
pass7"
Mr. HAYWOOD said he was opposed to the bill. He held
that when the legislative branch of the government appro-
priated a sum of money for a particular purpose, to be ex-
pended by the executive, the executive who exceeded the
appiopriation so made'exceeded his authority; and it was
to him [Mr. Haywood] a matter of no sort of consequence, if
that officer applied more money than was designed to the
object for which the' appropriation was made, whether it
was done from good or bad intention; and when application
was made for additional appropriation to satisfy contracts
made by the executive over ana beyond the authority with
which he was clothed, and passed by this Senate, it
amounted to a palpable legislative ratification of abuses. ,
If the Navy Department was obliged, under necessity of j
circumstances, to-exceed the appropriations, and to enter |
into contracts with citizens, there was a proper lemedy for (
those with whom any contract may have been made. The
remedy was, for such contractors to make application to j
Congress for pay. If they could make out a case, it was
then competent for Congress to grant relief; not, however,
by force of anv contract made by the executive officers,
without authority oflaw, but because the citizen who may
have done a service for the government, should not be made
an innocent sufferer by the illegal act of an officer of the
government, If Congress ratify such conduct of the depart-
ments, there never would be any correction of executive
abuses. To prevent an abuse, the heads of those departments
were, by provision oflaw, prohibited from making transfers
of appropriations. That provision of law would be nuga-
tory, if the illegal conduct in this care u as ratified; and by
it a greater abuse would be sanctioned than the previous
law was intended to correct.
The question was then put, and the bill was passed.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE AND ABTEMENT OF
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The bill to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the use
and correct the abuse of the franking privilege and for the
prevention of frauds on the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment, was taken up, as in committee of the whole, the
question pending being on Mr Wright's motion to strike
out the 9th section wliich relates to the substitute, of a
given number per day offiee stamps to members oi Con-
gress, in place of the present privilege of franking their own
letters
Mr. ATHERTON moved to amend the section before the
question wasput on striking it out His: object was tore-
store the old practice by limiting the use of such free stamps
to the duration of each session of Congress—a practice
which prevailed before the present extension of the whole
year came into operation He believed the latter was an
amendment engrafted on an appropriation bill
Mr MERRICK S3id he understood the object to bo to con-
fine the u<se of the franking privilege, through free stamps,
to each session of Congress.
Mr ATHERTON assented.
The whole of the 9th section was so amended as to con-
form to the motion of the senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr Athf. to>*.]
The'quesuon then recurred on the motion cf the senator
from New York to strike out the 9th section as amended.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that, in compliance with a desire
of many senators, and m view of the intention of the senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Foster,] to move a modification of
the fifth section, he would, with the permission of the Sen-
ate, for the present, withdraw bis motion.
No objection being offered, the motion to strike out the
9th section was withdrawn
Mr. FOSTER moved to amend the' 5th section by adding
the followfngprovision: ' ' '
" Provided, always, That this repeal [the repeal proposed
by the fith section of so much of the post office act ofMajjch
3, 1825^ as confers the franking privilege] shall not e^ctend to
members of Congress of either branch of the legislat^re^to
territorial delegates, to the Secretary of the Senate^np^ to
the Clerk of the House of Representatives: nor shall' it ex.
tend to the President of the United States, tne Yice President
of the United States, all ex-Presidents of .the United States,
the widow of any ex-President. of the United States, theSec-
retaries of State, of the Treasury, <?f "War, of-the Navy* the
Postmaster General, and the Attorney General of the United
States: Provided, also, That an act of Congress entitled. 'An
act authorizing the governors of the several States to trans-
mit by mail certain books and documents,' approved the
30th June, 1834, shall remain-in foree, anything-hereijibe-
fore mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding:,^^ pro-
vided, further, That in all cases where the annual compen-
sation of any deputy postmaster does not amount to the'sum
of $25, he shall be allowed, on the settlement of his account,
any sum or &ums of money he may have expended in post-
ages, to be passed, upon due verification by. such deputy
postmaster, m such manner and form as shall be prescribed
by the Postmaster General.
Mr. MERRICK submitted the matter to the decision of the
Senate. He would merely suggest that the latter clause of
the amendment would be wholly impracticable, and he
thought it should be withdrawn; or it might be changed so
as to stipulate a fixed and adequate pay for the services of
the deputy postmasters.
Mr. FOSTER stated that his object was to preserve and
keep up the minor post offices throughout the country. It
was very well known that at least two-thirds of the coun-
try post offices are kept by respectable and.worthy people,
who consent to "hold the office because of the franking privi-
lege attached to it, and that the> would not continue to hold
it if paid in the ordinary manner. He would, however, for
the present, consent to suspend the clause objected to-by
the chairman of the Post Office Committee.
Mr. BUCHANAN expected this amendment would have
met the decided hostility of the chairman of the Fost Office
Committee, for it was o'bvious that, if it prevailed,-the bill
would not be consistent with the principle upon which the
reduction of postage was founded.
Mr. B. showed that under the penny-postage system In
England, the Uyeen herself could not frank a letter; for the
very principle of the cheap postage system was, to make
everything sent by the in ail pay. "VV ith regard to the frank-
ing privilege, he was opposed to any extension of it beyond
the proposition of the'bill itself. He was in favor of sending
free to the constituents of members of Congress the docu-
ments printed by Congress for distribution; bu{ he had jio
idea that the privilege should be continued of franking
epeeches and political matter If he thought any information
necessary for the people were to be withheld by an abate-
ment of the franking privilege, he should be opposed to such
abatement But he did not think the abatement proposed by
the bill would prevent the dissemination of the very same
amount of information to the people which was now availably.
They would receive that information through the newspa 
pers If, for instance, he had made a speech which was pub-
fished in a newspaper, he could send his constituents copies
of that paper; and if his constituents did not think it worth
while to pay a cent for his speech, it would only prove that
they did not want it—not that information was withheld
from them. The question now was, whether any experi-
ment of the cheap postage system shall be fairly tried or not.
If it was, it must be on tne whole principle, fie considered
the abolishing of the franking privilege as part of the sys-
tem proposed by the chairman oi the Foi t Office C ommittee.
To adopt the one without the other, would not be a fair test
of the principle. He hoped, therefoie, the chairman of the
Post Office Committee would come out in support of his
out the 9th section, so anxious was he to test the experimem
fairly.
Mr. MERRICK felt himself really in a very unpleasant
predicament—called on hy some of bis friends to do one
thing, and by others to do another, whilst not afew opposed
his bill altogether. He was opposed to the amendment no~w
ofi'ered by the senator from lenncssee. He had consented
with the greatest reluctance, m reporting the bill, to pre-
cerve even to much of the franking privilege as the 8th and
9th sections contain His own wish was, to give the cheap
pottage system a fair trial, which he was aware it Could
not have, unless all matter going through the mail
was made to bear its proportion of the expense of
keeping up the Post Office Department His desire was that
the details of the bill in all endeavors to perfect it, should
be subjected to the judgment and decision of the Senate,
upon mature consideration But he wished to impress upCn
the minds of senators that the department was in such a con-
dition that it was impossible to stand still. Something must
be done for its relief Some legislation must take place, or
the department must become a charge upon the treasury.
fi here was an actual falling offiu the revenue of the depart-
ment last year of $250,000 fn cons-equenceof the increased
activity of private expresses, the falling off'this year, it may
be anticipated, will be much more alarming The Postmas-
ter General states explicitly in his report, that, unless some-
thing effectual is done by* Congress, the usefulness of the
department must be circumscribed by large reductions of
the routes, or the department will become a serious charge
on the treasury. He adverted to recent decisions of the ju-
diciary against the department, and in favor of the private
expresses, and quoted various newspaper paragraphs to
show the excitement got up against the General Fos>t Offic",
and in favor of those expresses Much had been said about
proceeding in this matter without adequate knowledge of
the views of the head of the Post Office Department, and
without his detailed review of the provisions oi the billj
Now he (Mr. M.) contended that the views of that functior.
ary were definitely stated in his annual reports of last ses-
sion and the present session. With a view of showing thi?,
he read several passages from these two reports; and be
maintained that, in most of the provisions of the bill, an ap*"
proximation wa* made as nearly as It was possible* to tlje
