June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
SS9
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation ef Texas—Mr. Breese.
Senate.-
the mode iriVhich. it is offered by the treaty now
before us for ratification.
HAVE WE THE CONSTITUTIONAL POWER TO
ACCEPT THIS CESSION?
This necessarily leads to an examination of some
provisions of our constitution.
It is objected on the other side, particularly by
the honorable senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Choate,] that the treaty of cession is not a treaty
in the sense of public law or the federal constitu-
tion, and that the President and Senate cannot com-
municate to it any validity; and these are the terms
of a resolution he has laid upon our table, and
the honorable senator from New Jersey [Mr Mil-
ler] seems, arguendo, to concur with him in this
opinion. The senator first named, seems to insist
that the word "treaty," as used in our constitution, has
a technical meaning; or rather that its interpretation
should be the same that it had in 1787, when the
constitution was framed—that such treaties as* this
were never heard of at that day, and that it could
not be a treaty, for the plain and obvious reason that,
when sovereignty is ceded, there is produced, by the
fact of such cession, the non-existence of a party to
be bound by its stipulations.
If the word "treaty," as used in the constitution,
is to have the meaning contended for, I would in-
quire, Mr. President, if other words in the same in-
strument are to be subjected to the same rule? and
if the honorable senator has himself always so con-
sidered and acted?
The fourth clause of the eighth section of the first
article of the constitution gives to Csngress the
power to establish uniform laws on the subject of
bankruptcies. Now, sir, the senator voted for the
bankrupt act of 1842, and I would inquire of him,
if, at the time the constitution was framed, there had
been known in the country from which we derived
our knowledge of the bankrupt system, any Jaw on
that subject, by which a debtor could act m the
first instance, or any use of the term in any statute
giving countenance to such a proceeding. Those
laws m England, from which country we took the
hint, were for the benefit of persons engaged m
commerce, and arose out of the creditor relation en-
tirely. The initiative—all the steps were taken for
the benefit of the creditor until the consummation
of the act by the certificate of discharge. An instance,
I apprehend, cannot be found upon the statute books
of Great Britain of that day, wherein the debtor, as
under our law, could originate and carry on the pro-
ceedings.
But, sir, dismissing these reflections, I am wil-
ling'the term "treaty" should be tried by the senator's
test,' though I regard it as wholly unimportant by
what name the agreement between us and Texas
may be called. It may be called a pact, an
agreement, a convention.
"Arose by any other name would smell as sweet."
What says Vattel on thAtbject, in the paragraphs
I have already quoted? T Walls the articles of union
of one power with another, indifferently, "pact, or
treaty of submission," and he says it may be varied
to infinity. It may either leave the nation a part of
its sovereignty, or it may totally abolish it, so that
the superior nation shall become the sovereign of
the other.
Treaties, sir, are nothing more, by whatever name
they may be called, than contracts between sove-
reigns, having the force of law, it is true, but rest-
ino- entirely for their obligation upon the public faith;
and being of such a character, it is only necessary
they should possess the essential elements of bind-
ing contracts in individual cases, and these are par-
ties capable of contracting, as I have shown Texas
to be, by being sovereign and independent; and no
one will deny our capability, and a proper subject
matter to be contracted for; and as to this, I have
shown by the authority read, that territory and
sovereignty are proper subjects of national contract.
The most that can be said of the proposition is,
that it is foreign territory about to ue ceded; its
sovereignty and independence are but incidents to it.
The territory itself is the principal thing; and that
we can acquire it by treaty, has been long settled,
not only by the practice of the government, and by
judicial decisions of the highest authority, but the
power is inherent in every nation not fettered by
any restriction imposed by its organic law. We,
as a nation, can acquire foreign territory, not only
by treaty, as in
tbe instances of Louisiana and
Florida, and of the territory acquired by New
Hampshire, Vermont, J and New "iork, by the
late treaty of Washington, but also by discovery and
by conquest, as an incident to the power to make war.
Can we not carry a war into the enemy's country?
subdue it, and appropriate it? If not, why the efforts,
during the last war, to conquer Canada? Had we
no right to acquire that country by the fortunes of
war, and towards which much of our energy was
directed?
If, then, we can conquer a country, and by force
assume and exercise sovereignty over the people
within it, would it not be absurd to say that we
could not peaceably, and with the assent of a people,
by the treaty-making power, do the same" thing?
But, Mr. President, I contend there is an express
provision in the constitution to authorize the aequi-
tion of foreign territory, and that it was placed there
for that express purpose. The senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Miller] seemed to think, and so ar-
gued, that the clause I allude to has" reference alone
to territory within the limits of the confederation at
the time of the adoption of the constitution—to do-
mestic territory—to territory at our own doors.
' The history of lhat clause, the changes the origin-
al proposition underwent in convention before the
present form was assumed, are familiar to all; and I
am somewhat surprised that that senator should
have attempted, m his argument, to restrict it to terri-
tory confessedly within the limits of the republic in
1787.
The first clause of the third section of tbe fourth
article of the constitution provides as follows:
"New States may be admitted by the Congiess into this
Union, but no new States shall be formed or elected within
the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be farmed
by the junction of two or more States, or parts of States,
without the consent of the legislatures of the States con-
cerded, as well as of Congress."
The first paragraph contains the grant of power.
The rest is restrictive—is a limitation upon the other-
wise unrestricted power to admit new States; and so
long as we keep within the restriction, we can act
as to us may seem expedient. We might, under
this clause, admit Texas as a State, and also Can-
ada; and the design of admitting Canada was enter-
tained at the time of the adoption of the articles of
confederation. So some of our statesmen—and men
no less than Benjamin Franklin, Silas Dean, and
Arthur Lee, as early as 1778, at the gloomiest period -
of our revolutionary struggle, when the treaty of al-
liance with France was formed—entertained views
looking to other territory besides Canada as likely
to become parts of our confederacy. The fifth arti-
cle of that treaty provides as follows;
"If the United Status should think fit to attempt the reduc-
tion of the British power remaining in the northern parts
of America, or the island of Bermudas, those countries or
islands, in case of success, shall be confederated with, or de-
pendent upon, the said United States.'1
At the time this clause was inserted in the con-
stitution, all the territory contiguous to us, was
that northwest of the river Ohio, and conveyed to
us by cession from Virginia in 1784; and that this
clause was not intended to apply to that, seems to me
very manifest. By that cession, made on the 1st of
March 1784, it is—
"Provided, That the territory so reded shall be laid out
and formed into Stales containing a suitable extent of terri-
tory not less than one hundred, nor more than one hundred
and fifty squnie miles, or as neur thereto as circumstances
will admit: and that the States so formed, shall be distinct
republican States, and admitted members of the federal
Union; having the same rights of so: ereignty, freedom and
independence, as the other States."
Now, sir, this pledge covered all the domestic
territory we then possessed; and whence the neces-
sity of providing, by a clause in the constitution, for
the admission of new States to be formed out of such
territory, when here is the solemn undertaking of
the confederation so to do, and this agreement recog-
nised and saved by the first clause of the sixth arti-
cle of the constitution? That provides as follows:
"All debts contracted, and engagements "entered into, be-
tore the adoption of this constitution, shall be as valid
against the United States under this constitution, as under
the confederation "
Now, was there not a positive "engagement
entered into" with Virginia, that the territory ceded
by her should be formed into distinct republican
States, and admitted into the Union' Certainly
there was; and the Congress, under the constitution,
was as much hound to carry it into effect, as any
other engagement—as much so as to pay the. "debts"
contracted by the confederation. Henee it follows,
so far as that territory was concerned, there was no
necessity for the provision m relation to the admis-
sion of new States; and the conclusion is irresistible,
that States to be formed of foreign territory were
alone contemplated by that grant of power to the
Congress; and so the government have uniformly
acted. The question of power has been long since
put to rest; nor is it necessary, as otlr practice
shows, that all the States should consent to the ad-
mission of a new State; for in the late case of new
States formed out of the Louisiana territory, there
were several States objecting.
The next question, Mr. President, which seems
to me to arise, is, admitting the power and right of
Texas to convey by, treaty forms,,and the ability
of the United States to accept, would we, by such
conveyance, acquire a valid title to the territory?
CAN WE ACQUIRE A VALID TITLE TO
TEXAS?
If, sir, I have established the independence of
Texas,' her right to cede, and a constitutional power
in us-to accept, (as I think I have,) the conclusion is
irresistible that we do acquire a good title by the
cession, provided Texas has such title; and of this I
will now inquire.
How, Mr. President, did the original thirteen
States acquire title to the crown lands within them?
Certainly in virtue of their sovereignty and inde-
pendence. By assuming that condition, the result of
a successful revolution, they were vested with all
the title possessed by the King to the entire domain.
This no one will deny. ' Their right to revo-
lutionize, and thus establish their independence, and,
as an incident to it, acquire the domain, cannot' be
doubted. Now, sir, let us regard Texas in this
point of view, and see whether she has not the same
kind of title to her territory that the original thirteen
States have to theirs.
The country called Texas, at the time of the
treaty between us and the French republic of the
30th April, 1803, was claimed to belong to France,
as part of Louisiana, by right of prior discovery and
occupancy by the adventurous La Salle in 1685, un-
der the patronage of Louis XIV, and under his au-
thority. By that treaty, all our distinguished pub-
lic functionaries have contended, it passed to us.
We ceded all claim to it to Spain by the trea-
ty of the 22d February, 1819; and it then be-
came a Spanish possession, contiguous to, and
adjoining Mexico, then in a state of re-
volt against Spam, the mother country. This
revolt was successful; Spanish power was expelled
from this continent; and Mexico asserted her claim
to Texas. We acknowledged the independence of
Mexico, as did other great powers of the world, and
in imitation of our policy she established, on the 26th
of February, 1824, a federal republic, fashioning its
constitution after our own. To this constitution—
the constitution of a federated republic—Texas, with
Coahuila, was provisionally united as a sovereign
State, by a decree of the Mexican Congress, passed
on the 7th of May, 1824. Inducements of the most
liberal kind were offered to immigration to the Mex-
ican States by the Mexican authorities, of American
citizens, and an additional incentive to it was afford-
ed in the establishment of a system of government
so closely resembling our own. Liberal colonization
laws were enacted, liberal grants of land made, and
other aids extended to all wlia might chose to profit
by them. From the fact that the first grant of land
was made by Mexico to an American citizen, and
located in the State of Texas, the influx of our -cit-
zens was greater to that State than to any other; and
although a foreign State, as it regards us, still it pos-
sessed similar political institutions, and offered a
happy home to the enterprising adventurer. The
State flourished, and permanent marks of Anglo-
American enterprize and skill were soon exhibited,
giving promise of future happiness and prosperity,
the certain result of well directed toil, protected by
equal laws; and they, the effspring of republican in-
stitutions. The fires of patriotism could there glow
as ardently as in their own native land; and their de-
votion to republican principles be as well preserved.
Takino- no part in the many convulsions that dis-
tractecT the interior of Mexico, arising out of contests
for power betwen rival generals and jealous magis-
trates, content to be unmolested, Texas increased in
population and power, and, with no ambitious de-
signs, pursued the path of peace. Affairs continued
iifthi's position up to April, 1830, when, becoming
jealous of the growing power of Texas, the supreme
government of Mexico expressly prohibited the fur-
ther immigration of Americans, established military
posts, throughout the country, which, overriding the
civil power, soon subjected the peaceful citizens of
Texas to an oppiessive military domination.
In 1832 tbe federal constitution was overthrown;
and what is remarkable, the now provisional Prest-
