me
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
general views of the Postmaster General, although now he
chooses to avow himself opposed to the bill. He (Mr. M.)
trusted, however, that he had shown that the committee had
not acted so much in the dark, and so blamably, in the ab-
sence of the views of the department, as the senators from
North and South Carolina had supposed.
Mr. FOSTER rose to put his amendment in a proper
shape. (He read it with the last clause restored, as pre
viously stated.]
Mr. SEMPLE suggested that, to carry out'the amend-
ment, some further amendments should be made in the fifth,
sixth, and' eighth sections. It appeared to him that the
franking privilege ought not to be abolished, but he be-
lieved some modification was necessary.
Mr. ATHERTON supposed, if the amendment of the sen-
ator from Tennessee prevailed, the franking privilege to
members of Congress would be left in force throughout the
whole year.
Mr. FOSTER said that would, of course, be the effect of
his amendment, so far as it authorized the retention of the
privilege.
Mr. ATHERTON observed that, prior to 1833, the frank-
ing privilege was only extended to members of Congress
during each session of Congress, and for sixty days before
and sixty days after.
Mr. WOODBURY said it would be desirable that the sen-
ator from Tennessee should divide the question. His
amendment first related to'heads of departments, public offi-
cers, and members of Congress; and the rest to deputy
postmasters.
The question was then taken on the first branch, and it
was rejected—ayes 10, noes 16.
The question then being on the second branch—that re-
lating to deputy postmasters— '
Mr. ATCHISON observed, that so far as his ebservation
had extended throughout the West, the country post offices
were generally established at cross roads, in little grocery
stores, or stores of peddling wares, for the sole accommoda-
tion of those dealers themselves, and not because it was any
special advantage to the neighborhood. He therefore im-
agined that the effect of subsituting a small salary for the
franking privilege, would not be to alter the number of
small post offices, but to change the postmasters. The
change in most instances would be salutary, for it would be
found that in the neighborhood where a post office was
most desirable, some honest farmer would always be found
ready to fill the office, for the benefit of his neighbors, even
without pay.
The second branch of the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WOODBURY moved to amend the eighth section in
the fifth line, by inserting after the word receive, the words
•'during each session ol Congress.'' He explained that the
effect would be to restrict the reception of matter free of
postage by members of Congress, and the officers of both
Houses, to the cessions of Congress, and not to the whole
year—thereb) making the eighth section correspond with
the ninth, as amended by his colleague.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, wishing to take this opportunity of
expressing his views on the meiits of the bill, stated them
at considerable length. He was foi i educing the rates of
postage, and for abating the fianking privilege. He ap-
proved of the pending amendment, and would vote for it.
The CHAIR then read the eighth section as proposed to
be amended by Mr. Woodbury; and the question being
taken, the amendment was adopted—ayes 19, noes 10.
Mr. SEMPLE moved to amend the same section and same
line, by inserting, after the word "receive," the words
"and send.*' The eft'ect would be to allow members of Con-
gress, and the ofliceis of both Houses, to send as well as
receive mail matter during each session of Congiess. If the
amendment was adopted,Tie would move to strike out the
ninth section.
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested that this was substantially
the same proposition as that made by the senator from Ten-
nessee, and rejected.
Mr. SEMPLE observed that, if such was the lact, he would
withdraw his motion.
The amendment w as withdrawn.
Mr. SEMPLE now, as a test of the sense of the Senate on
the subject of the flanking privilege to members of Con-
gress, mo\ed to strike out the ninth section of the bill; and
on this question he called for the jeu.s and nays, which
wore ordered.
The question was then taken on this motion, and resulted
—yeas H, najs '23. as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Breese. Buchanan. Fairfield,
Haywood, Henderson, Iluger, McDuffie, Porter, Semple,
and Wright—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Bagby, Bar-
row. Bates, Bayard. Choate, Clayton, Evans, Foster, Ful-
ton, Hannegan, Jamagin, Meirick, Miller, Sevier, Simmons,
Sturgeon, Upham, White, Woodbndge, and Woodburj — 23.
Mr. BREESE moved to amend the first faction of the bill
in the tenth line, by inserting after the woids ''lor convey-
ing the same, 'the words "for all distances five cents, and
no more;"'and to make such alteiations m the section as
were rendered necessary by that amendment. He explain-
ed that his object was to amend the hill m conformity with
the instructions ol the Stirte legislature of Illinois, so as to
have a uniform rate of postage of five cents per half ounce
for all distances. He urged many arguments in favor of a
1 jw and uniform rate of postage—of the abolition of the
irankmg pnvilege—and of the establishment of the s> stein
of pre-paymg letters. He felt satisfied that, by going at
cnce to the root of the disease, .such a reform could be ac-
complished as would eitectually resuscitate the levenues of
the department, and give universal satisfaction to the peo-
ple. Anything short of this would be wholly inadequate to
effect such a leforin as the public expected. With regard
to the proposition he had moved, to leuuce the rate to five
cents per half ounce for all distances, ho had acted in con-
formity to tire instructions of the legislature of the State of
Illinois. His own sentiments wei e somew hat different. He
believed a reduction ought to be made to two cents, and
that it would be a more productive rate than any other that
could be adopted
MCDUFFIE renewed his motion to postpone indefi-
nitely the bill; for he was satisfied no good could result
Lorn it, m the absence of proper information on the subject.
#e gave notice that hejwoula not withdraw his motion.
On the question of indefinite postponement a brief discus-
sion ensued, in which Messrs. FOSTER, MERRICK, AT-
CHISON, BREESE, McDUFFIE, ALLEN, and PORTER
took part; finally
Mr. McDUFFIE, on condition that the vote on his motion
woud be taken this evening, consented to withdraw it for
the present.
The motion to postpone indefinitely was, by general as-
sent, withdrawn.
The question then recurred on " Mr. Breese's motion to
make the uniform rate of postage for all distances five
cents; and on this question the yeas and nays were called
for, and ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS expressed it as his opinion that the pro-
posed reduction would increase1 very considerably the rev-
enue of the department.
Mr. MERRICK said it subverted all the calculations of
the Post Office Committee; and was an experiment pregnant
with danger. He hoped the amendment would not prevail.
Mr. ALLEN made a short explanation in relation to what
he had said on the question of postponement.
Mr. BUCHANAN did not approve of the reduction to the
extent proposed by the amendment; for he feared there-
suit would be to make the department a burden upon the
treasury. He was willing to try the experiment proposed
by the bill; but not to go so far the amendment proposed.
The quostion was then taken by yeas and nays on Mr.
Brerse's amendment, and resulted—yeas fi, nays 34, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Breese, Francis, Semple, Simmons, Walk-
er, Woodbridge,—6..
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Atherton,
Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Buchanan, Choate, Clay-
ton, Colquitt, Evans, Farfield, Foster, Fulton, Hannegan,
Haywood, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagin, McDuffie, Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Porter, Sevier,
Tappan, Upham, White, Woodbury, and Wright—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAMPLE proceeded to amend the 7th section, 8th
line, by striking out the word "packages " He explained
that the object was to prevent packages of unlimited weight
being sent by mail.
Mr. MERlllCK explained that anothei section of the bill
provided that no package exceeding three pounds should be
sent by the mail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to amend the 1st section of the
bill by striking out from part of the 6th to the end of the
13th line, and inserting the following:
"Upon every letter in manuscript, or paper of any kind,
being a single sheet and not exceeding jn weight one-half
an ounce, b> or upon which information shall be asked or
communicated in writing or by marks and signs, there shall
be charged and collected for conveying the same any dis-
tance not exceeding 150 miles, 5 cents; and for any
distance exceeding loO miles and not exceeding 300 miles,
10 cents; and for any distance exceeding 300 miles and not
exceeding 300 miles, 15 cents; and for any distance exceeding
«>00 miles, 20 cents."
He explained that the object or making the distance for
6 cents 150 miles, was to put down' successfully the
private expresses interfering with the lerenue of the de-
partment.
Mr. MERRICK said the object of the committee was not
to place the government m a position of competing with
private expresses; but to satisfy,the public of the jusl inten-
tions of the government, and thereby to carry public opin-
ion with it, in its efforts to put down bylaw piivate ex-
piesses
Mr. HANNEGAN explained that he was as much in
favor of putting down, with the high hand of the law, the
violators of the post office rights, as the Post Office Com-
mittee possibly could be. He would go as far as an)-one
to ptit down illegal expresses, and all violators of the
laws.
The yeas and nays were called for on this amendment,and
ordered
Mr. EVANS thought this a very important amendment,
andthereioie required some consideration. He feared it
proposed too great a reduction in the lower rates of post-
age, and not enough in the higher rate-*. Ho thought some
graduated scale could be adopted, which would be much
more effectual than anything yet proposed. He had pre-
pared an amendment himself, and would suggest that it be
read now, with a view that both it and that of the senator
from Indiana, might be ordered to be printed between this
and to-morrow morning. It would be best, he thought, m
that case, at this late hour, to adjourn He stated the na-
ture of his proposition, and the reasons which had induced
him to select the respective rates he proposed. His propo-
sition was, three cents for thirty miles, five cents for one
hundred and eighty miles; ten cents for four hundred miles
and for all greater distances, fifteen cents. 5
He would also accommodate those who write on coarse
paper, no matter how large the sheet might bo, by making
a single sheet subject to only single postage; and to accom-
modate those who write on thin, light paper, and send bank
notes as enclosuies, he would make one-fourth of an ounce
changeable with only single postage. The following was
his amendment:
'•That there shall be charged, in lieu of the rates of post-
age now established by law, the following rates, vu: For
every single letter conveyed any distance under thirty
miles, three cents; for thirty and under one hundred and
eighty miles, five cents, over one hundied and eighty and un-
der four hundred miles, ten cents, over lour hundred miles,
fifteen cents; and for a double letter, double these rates: and
for a treble letter, treble these rates; and for a quadruple
lettei, quadruple these rates; and every parcel composed of
one piece of paper, or which does not excccd one-quaiter of
an ounce in weight, shall be considered a single letter; and
every parcel composed of not more than two pieces of pa-
per, or not exceeding one-half ounce in weight, shall be
deemed a double letter; and every parcel containing not
more than four pieces of paper, or not weighing over one
ounce, shall be considered a quadruple letter", and for every
additional quarter of an ounce, beyond one ounce in
weight, the additional postage of a single letter shall be
added."
Mr. MERRICK objected, with regard to the amendments
of the senators from Indiana and Maine, to the increase of
the distance for the five cents rate, and to any lower rate
than live cents for any distance.
' Mr. SEVIER was opposed to this interminable discussion.
He wished to know when it was to be brought to an end.
It was an obstruction to all other business, without making
any progress itself. He hoped it would be biought to a
close one way or other without further delay.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 17, 1844.
CHARTER OF THE CITY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. WELLER presented a memoiial of a convention of
delegates, chosen by general election, of the inhabitants of
the city of Washington, for the purpose of revising the
charter of said city, praying the adoption of "a bill to con-
tinue, alter, and amend, the charter of the city of Washing-
ton,'5 prepared by said convention, and accompanying the
said memorial; which memorial was laid on the table.
THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE.
Mr. ADAMS presented a memorial of sundry citizens of
the United States, in attendance upon the meetings held in
the city of Washington, in March last, for the promotion of
science, praying for aid to enable the "National Institute"
to preserve its collections, and extend its usefulness. The
memorial was referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called for the er^rs of the day;
which was agreed to, after a brief conversation, in which
several members took part.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the orders of the day for the
morning hour to be the call for reports from committee*,
and the following were presented:
Mr. McKAif, from the Committee of Ways and Means, to
which were referred the amendments of the Senate to the
bill making appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes, for the fiscal
year commencing on the 1st day of July, 1844, and ending
on the 30th day of June, 1845, reported the same without
amendment, and recommended that the House disagree to
all except the second of the said amendments.
The said bill and amendments were committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, reported a bill
making appropriations ior the service of the Post Office De-
partment, for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1S>4«>, which
bill was read a first aud second time, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorial of the legis-
lature of the State of Alabama, m i elation to re-enacting the
pre-emption laws, and that it be laid on the table.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee on the Judiciary, to
which was referred the resolution of the House of the 28th
of February last, in relation to the claim of the State of Ken-
tucky , for keeping in close confinement convicts of the fed-
eral court for the district of Kentucky, made a report there-
on, accompanied by an amendment to the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
government, foi the fiscal year ending the 30th day of June,
184/).
Ordered, That the said amendment be committed to the
Committee ol the Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
made a report upon the petition of Manlius V. Thompson,
executor of Miles W. Dickey, accompanied by a bill for his
xelief; which bill was read a" first and second time, and com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Manufactures,
reported the following resolution; which, under the rule,
lies one day upon the table.
Resolved, That the extra number often thousand copies of
the report ol said committee, on the subject ot manufac-
tures, made to the present Congress, be punted ioi the use
of the members.
On motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Afi'-uir. be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorial of the rep-
resentatives and heads of families of 2,600 Cherokee Indians,
known as the "treaty party,m relation to an examination
of the accounts and expenditures of monev under the trea-
ty of 183o-"6, with the Cherokees, and, also, from the we-
moual of John Rogeis, James Cai v, and Thomas L. Rogers,
chiefs and head men of the Chciokees, in behalf of them-
selves arid the Cherokee old settlers west of the Mississippi,
m relation to the origin and ^histoiy of their government
west of the Mississippi, the removal of intruders, and rep-
aration for injuries, which memorial \(as laid upon the
table. 1
Mi. HARDIN, from the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs, to
which was referred the bill to establish an armory at the
city of Massac, mthe State of Illinois, reported an amenda-
tory bill, accompanied by a icpoitin writing, which bill
was committed to the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee on the Judiciary, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate to amend an act
entitled "An ,iet to establish the northern boundary line of
the State of Ohio, and to provide for the admission of the
State of Michigan into the Union upon the conditions there-
m expiessed," approved June io, 1836, reported the saine
without amendment, and he moved that it be put ut>on its
passage.
Mr. DODGE (the delegate from Wisconsin) rose and
stated that the confusion and noise m the House was such,
that he did not hear the title of the bill; nor did he suppose
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] would move to
put this bill on its passage at the time of reporting it from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He stated that the bill was one of importance to the Ter
