540
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
dent of Mexico, General Santa Anna, was then bat-
tling on the side of the Texians, against the-usurp-
ed authority of General Bustamente. Several se-
vere conflicts took place, and the cause'of the re-
publican State of Texas was crowned with success,
and the people temporarily relieved from oppres-
sion.
In 1833 Texas formed a State constitution, in
conformity with the decree of the 7th of May,
1624. The commissioner appointed to convey it to
Mexico, was thrown into a prison, the claims of
Texas spurned, and her most unquestioned rights
wantonly disregarded.
In 1835 Santa Anna, then a victorious general,
abandoning the cause of republicanism, declared in
favor of a central government, by which the sov-
ereignty of the States was, in effect, abolished, and
all power, civil and military, consolidated in one
man. Many of the States, as all "the old thirteen"
did, took up arms in defence of their rights, and of
their sovereignty, as guarantied by the federative
system of 1824. But the power of the usurper was
irresistible. State after State was subdued, until
finally, save in Texas alone, of all the Mexican
States, the sacred lire of liberty was extinguished:
there alone it was guarded with anxious vigilance.
Texas refused to submit to the dictator, and resort
was had by the people to resist his power, to the
same means our ancestors adopted to free themselves
from colonial vassalage, and maintain their inde-
pendence. They never abandoned the federal con-
stitution of Mexico, so long as a' hope remained of
its triumph, but battled manfully for it throughout
the year 1835; and in many a hard-fought conflict
the Texians were victorious. At the close of that
year, a solemn declaration of the delegates of the
people was published, in which it is asserted, that
they had recourse to arms in defence of the republi-
can principles of the federal constitution of 1824;
that they would adhere with fidelity to the Mexican
confederacy so long as it should be governed by the
constitution and laws adopted for the protection of
their political rights; and appealing to otiier members
of the confederacy, pledged their aid to such of them
as would resist the military despotism then being
established within their borders. No other State
but Texas dared to resist; and she, unaided and
alone, having no France to come to her assistance
as we had, defied and resisted the power of the
usurper. A new convention of the people assem-
bled on the 1st of March, 1836; and although the
country was invaded by Santa Anna at the head of
a numerous army, the Alamo, at Bexar, taken
by assault, though gallantly defended by a handful
of men under the command of the brave Travis,
Crockett, and Bowie, who were all put to death;
Fanning and his force captured, and treacherously
and inhumanly massacred, and desolation brooding
over Texas—in the midst of all this a regularly or-
ganised convention assembled, and published their
"declaration of independence," formed a constitu-
tion to be submitted to the people for their approval,
and in fifty days thereafter—on the 21st of April, on
the banks of the San Jacinto—proved their ability to
maintain it, and rewrote it in characters of blood.
How similar, Mr. President, is this brief history
of Texas to oui own national story? How com-
pletely are the rights of Texas identified with those
of the colonics? And as we point to the 4th of July,
1776, as the first year of our independence, and to
the triumph at Yorktown as confirming it, why
shall not Texas recur to the 2d of March, 1836, and
to the victory of San Jacinto as'Tike memorable era?
in her history? This independence, thus acquired,
and formally acknowledged by us, and other pow-
ful nations, and maintained against all the power
heretofore exerted to subvert it, places Texas, in
my judgment, so far as title is concerned, in precise-
ly the same situation "the old thirteen" occupied,
and that she has a title as perfect as either of those
States had at the time of the adoption of our consti-
tution, to its domain.
But it is objected, Mr. President, by the senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Bexton,] that the treaty pro-
poses to cede to us a portion of territory never be-
longing to Texas, but now, and always, in the un-
disputed possession of Mexico. I consider all these
objections as futile. If Texas has no claim to the
left bank of the Rio del Norte, we set no right by
the cession. The cession for all «he~does possess, is
good. If I convey five hundred acres of land, and
have title to but one hundred acres of it, is not my
conveyance valid for the one hundred? What shall
be the true boundaries of Texas is left by the treaty
as an open question, as all such matters usually arc,
When we acquired Louisiana in 1803, the bounda-
ries were not defined; and it was not until 1819 they
were established west to the Sabine. The limits of
Texas are to be adjusted hereafter. But we have
acknowledged the limits as defined in the act of the
Texian Congress of 1836, and as delineated on the
map accompanying the documents, as extending to
the Del Norte. And why do I say so? Because we
did, in 1837, with a full knowledge of these declared
boundaries, acknowledge the independence of Texas
as a state, with that act of-her Congress then, and
as now, in full force; and which acknowledgment re-
ceived the vote of the senator from Missouri. But
this is a small matter, and can be readily adjusted
with Mexico, should we encroach upon her rights.
We get a title to all Texas, rightfully ours in virtue
of her sovereignty. We ask no more—no less.
The senator says that he is for the recovery of
he province of Texas—Spanish Texas—the Texas
of La Salle. So am I, Mr. President; and for as
much more as the "republic"" of Texas can law-
fully claim. I think, sir, the senator hns contended
heretofore, when writing of the Florida treaty of
1819, and the cession made by it of Texas, that
Louisiana extended west to the Del Norte. This is
his language, sir:
"Beforp the establishment of this boundary (that Is, the
Sabine, &c.,) all the country to the west of the lower Mis-
sissippi, quite to the Rio del Norte, was ours."
Sir, others of our most distinguished men have
contended for the same boundary west as derived
to us by the treaty of Louisiana. Mr. Adams, in
his correspondence with the Spanish minister, Don
Onis, on this very subject, says:
"Well might Messrs. T'inckney and Monroe \\ rite to Mr.
Cevallos, in 1805, that the claim ot the United States to the
boundary of the Rio Bravo (now called Rio del Norte) was
as clear as then li^lit to the island of New Orleans.""
So'Mr. Clay, in his letter of the 17th of April
last, says:
"The United Slates acquired a title to Tesas extending,
as 1 b( lieve, to the Rio del Nort", by the tieoty ol Loui-
siana Thev ceded and relinquished that title to Spain by
the treaty of 1819. by which the Sabine was substituted for
the Rio del Norte as our western boundary "
The senator from Missouri also says, sir, that
President Jackson never sought to acquire, in his
instructions to our minister at Mexico, m 1829, the
territory to the Del Norte, but contemplated the
desert west of the Nueces as the boundary.
[Here Mr. Benton read an extract from the des-
patch of Mr. Van Buren, when Secretary of State,
in 1829, verifying this.]
Mr. Breese continued. That is all true, Mr.
President; but what were the instructions of Presi-
dent Jackson to our minister in 1835? Did he not
then instruct him to purchase of Mexico not only
the territory to the Del Norte, but also the country
embraced within five degrees of latitude on the Pa-
cific, being part of California3 Here is the instruc-
tion:
"You are to endeavor first to obtain the follow ing boun-
dary, which is considered the most eligible: beginning at
the Gull of .Mexico, proceed along the eastern bank ot the
Tlio bravo del Norte to the 37th parallel of latitude, and
thence along that parallel to the Pacific."
And what has General Jackson since written on
the same subject, and with reference to the acquisi*
tion of Texas at this time.
In his letter to A. V. Brown, he writes:
"Remember, also, that if annexed to the United States, our
wf-itrrn boundary would be Hie Iho Gum If, \\ hicb i,s of it-
self a l'oitification, on account ol its e\t.-nt.ne barren and
unhabitable plains ''
Senators know that the river so often spoken of,
is called indifferently Rio Bravo, Rio Grande, and
Rio del Norte. J sec also, sir, on some old maps,
that Texas is bounded on the southwest by the Dei
Norte. The actot the Texian Congress so declares
it, and so does the 5th aitiele of the agreement Mail-
ed by Santa Anna in 183G, and we arc now estopped
from denying it, ha\mg—.with the act of Texas be-
fore us, which is but a copy of the 5th article of the
agreement with Santa Anna—admitted it, by acknow-
ledging her independence a-s a republic, as a division
of the earth of certain defined limns constituting a
sovereign state. But, sir, if Texas ha^ conveyed
more than she owns, it does not vitiate the grant for
that part she docs rightfully own.
THE TREATY WAS MADE TIN" SECRET.
Another objection, Mr. President, the senator
from Missouri makes to the treaty, is, that was made
secretly. In answer to this, I would inquire if all
treaties are not made in secret? Those for the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana and Florida were, and the late treaty
of Washington also. It is the usual mode of nego-
tiating them. The object of a negotiation might be
defeated was it not so. This very project of annex-
ation may be defeated by the order of the Senate
making the documents and papers accompanying it
public. The interference of another power may be
provoked by it, to say nothing of the just cause of
offence it may give to Texas should it be rejected.
It docs not Seem to me correct policy to make «uch
matters public until the Senate has finally acted.
Still I think, Mr. President, that it would have been
quite proper for the executive to have taken the ad-
vice of the Senate before he made this treaty.
This body was in session, and it would have been
respectful to it, and more satisfactory^ the country,
if the executive had advised with it. But, in .he
exerefse of his powers, he has not deemed it expedi-
ent to do so; and as, by the practice of the govern-
ment, he can take the initiative, he is not to be cen-
sured for doing so in this instance.
Another objection, Mr. President, and which
stands prominent in the speech of the senator
from Missouri,as to the ratification of the treaty, is,
in the language of his first resolution, that its ratifi-
cation would be an adoption of the Texian war with
Mexico by the United States, and would devolve its
conduct and conclusion upon the United States.
IS THERE ANY WAR WHICH WE WOULD
ADOPT BY RATIFYING THE TREATY?
It will be seen, sir, by the peculiar phraseology of
the resolution, that a fact is assumed—that of the ex-
istence of a war—which I insist is not proved to ex-
ist. It is incumbent on those who sustain the reso-
lution to prove it, they holding the affirmative; and
it must be proved to be a war, if waged by Mexico
against Texas, justly waged, and in the lawful pros-
ecution of some right by that means. This has not
been shown, as 1 humbly conceive. The senator
insists, by ratifying this treaty, we would be, ipso
fartof at war with Mexico; that it would be an unjust
war, unconstitutionally made, and upon a weak and
gioiuidlcss pretext.
JNuw, first, as to the fact of the existence of war
at all. Nations cannot be said to be at war—
which implies action, force, battles, sciges, and the
like—when no hostile act is done by them, although
they may be at enmity. Should France arm her-
self against us, at a distance of four thousand miles
from us, and do no act, attack none of our ships,
forts, or harbors, could it be said war was being
waged by her? Could it be said, with any proprie-
ty of language, that war actually existed between us,
we af the same time being perfectly passive? I
should think not.
The senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate]
refcisusto Giotius, and Rutherforth's Commenta-
ries on his work, for the definition of war. Grotius
wiote more than two hundred years ago, arid Ru-
therforth about one hundred: since then many inter-
polations have been made on the laws of nations,
and on the laws of war and peace.
Grotius says:
"Cicero calls wur a (ligBmhy faicc. But custom has so
prevdiled, that not the act, HW'tm> state and disposition, now
goes 1>3 that name, :-o that war is the 'state 01 disposition ot
thoM> (considered in that respect) who dispute by foice ot
arms
R.uthcrforth, in commenting upon this passage,
says:
"War, therefore, in the common use of the woid.
signifies not onl} an act. N-t a state or condition And
Upon this account the word contention, in the definition ot
war, is to be under-stood to sunufj the. state or condition ot
those who, though they aie not actually making use ol"
force, ha\e some" mattei of dispute subsisting between them
Ji/iuh < a;i hi Jf, nit r] hi/ vo of!;t < ///.<; „ and \\ ho are thertdoi e
determined to take everj fair opportunity ot using the^e
means for the eeci-aonof it.''
Takuig, then, this text and the commentary to
gcther, and applying them to th^ condition of the age
m which we live, nations cannot he at war, only
when they are actually waging it by force; for every
"matter of dispute subsisting between them1' may
be decided by other means than by war—as by ne-
gotiation, by arbitiation, by mediation, and by
friendly congresses or conference?; and, in modern
days, subs,dispute* are so decided.
\ attel defines war to be—
"That ctate m which a nation prosecutes its right by
leroe \Ve understand by i!n. t,am the act itseli o"i
the manlier ui pio.oen'an^ a % m'ht e>v toree. but it is com-
mon, and indeed more prayer in a treatise on the Jaw ot
war, to understand this tt r^n m the -sunse we have given it1
According to this definition, there must be action:
a mere state or condition of enmity, which may
break out into actual war, is not sufficient—the
"right11 asserted, mu&f be pruxtcuted byfordt
