CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ritoiy-which he had the honor to represent} and he claimed
to tre heard upon It. He therefore moved that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union. The legislature of "Wisconsin had spoken on this
subject; and he protested against any action on this bill
until the subject could be fairly presented and duly consid-
ered.
After some conversation,in which various members took
part, the bill was committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
O « motion of Mr. BARRINGER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorial of David
Myerle, and that it do lie on the table.
^ Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the ascertainment of
claims for spoliations prior to the 31st July, 1601; which bill
was read a first and second time, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
• Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, reported a bill for
the relief of theieeal representatives of Richard W. Meade;
which was read a first and second time, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Territories be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorials from the
legislature of the Territory of Iowa, for a donation of
land for a seminary of learning at West Point, yi
Lee county, and for an additional land office at Iowa city;
also, from the memorial of the trustees of the academy at
Quincy, in Florida, for a grant of land; and that said petitions
he laid upon the table.
Mr. McDOWELL, from he Committee on Military Affairs,
made an adverse report upon the petition of citizens of
Niagara county, New York, for the improvement of the bar-
racks at Fort Niagara; which report was laid upon the
table.
On motion, of Mr. PARMENTER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the consideration of the remonstrance of citi-
zens of Columbiana county, Ohio, against an inorease of
the navy. Also, from the consideration of the resolution of
the House in relation to the naval reservation at the navy-
yard at Pensaeola, in Florida. Also, from the consideration of
the resolution of the House in relation to the pay of commis-
sioned officers in the United States marine corps; and that
said remonstrances and resolutions do lie on the table.
On-motion of Mr. ALBERT SMITH ,
Ordered, That the committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of George
Newton, and that it be laid upon the table.
On motion oi Mr. BRINKERHOFF,
'Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of the widow
of John Schooler, and that it be laid upon the the table.
Mi\ BURKE, from the Committee on the Library, made a
report upon the letter from the Secretary of State in rela-
tion to printing an additional number of copies of documents
printed oy Congress, accompanied by a joint resolution (No.
25) providing for the printing of additional copies of the
journals and public documents: which resolution was read
twice, and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time
to-day; and the said resolution being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. P. KING, from the Committee on Commerce, made
an adverse report upon the petition of James Mclntyre;
which was laid upon the table.
Mr. K. from the same committee, reported a joint resolu-
tion (No. 26) in relation to certain property purchased for
the use of tne United States at the port of Bath, in the State
of Maine; which was read twice, and ordered to be engross-
ed and read a third time to-day; and being engrosred, it was
accordingly read the third and passed.
The committees having all been called for reports, the
next business in order was the resolution offered by the
gentleman from New Hampshire in relation to the home
squadron.
Mr. ,St. JOHN asked and obtained leave to withdraw
from the files the petition of James Rankin, presented by
him a few days ago. The testimony on which he relied
to support the prayer of the petition was parol testi-
mony; and the person who was to have testified had left the
city.
jvlr. DUNCAN moved a suspension of the rules, in order
to take up the bill regulating the time for holding elections.
&c.; but, at the suggestion of Mr. McKAY, he gave way for
a motion that the resolution standing fhst in order be post-
poned, and that the House proceed with the consideration
of the next business, being the bill for the improvement of
certain harbors and rivers.
Mr. E. D. POTTER moved a suspension of the rules, in
order to enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That on each day hereafter, during the session
of Congress,the Clerk, at half-past eleven o'clock, shall pro-
ceed to call the roll of the House; and that the pay of each
delinquent member, for each day he shall be absent, shall be
deducted from his per diem allow ance by the Speakei, un-
less, by the order of the House, he be excused.
The motion was lost.
WESTERN HARBOR BILL.
The question was then put upon postponing the previous
orders and taking up the harbor bill, and carried.
The bill for the improvement of certain harbors and riv-
ers (western) was then taken up—the question being on the
second to the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON submitted whether the eastern harbor
and river bill, on which he was entitled to the floor—he hav-
ing given way for an adjournment while addressing the
House, when the subject was last up—had not the prece-
dence.
The SPEAKER said that the western harbor bill having
been the first postponed, was the first m order.
Mr. DOUGLASS requested his colleague to withdraw the
motion for the previous question, and stated, as a reason for
making that request, that he was absent, from indisposition,
when the subject was debated; and some remarks were then
made, and some action taken by the House in relation to an
object of internal'improvement, in which he felt a deep in-
terest, and which he thought worthy the attention of Con-
gress.
Mr.,. WENT WORTH withdrew the call for the previous
question. r
Mr. DOUGLASS said he hoped he would be indulged in a
lew remarks before the question was taken. He did not de-
sire to go into a discussion of the merits of the bill in all its
bearings, nor of the propriety of a general system of inter-
nal improvements by the general government. The first of
these questions had been sufficiently discussed some days
since in the Committee of the Whole; and the latter, he had
hoped, had been finally settled by the general voice of the
nation. There was one' branch of the subject, however, to
which he- wished to invite the especial attention of the
House. There are various gentlemen here who oppose
this bill on constitutional grounds, and claim that they are
sustained in that opposition by the opinions and principles
of General Jackson, as set forth in his veto and other mes-
sages. Acting under this erroneous impression, they boldly
charge the friends of the bill with a departure from the old
republican doctrines upon this subject, and an attempted re-
vival of the wild and extravagant schemes of internal im-
provement which w ere crushed and exploded by the power
of General Jackson's vetoes, sanctioned and ratified by the
approbation of the American people. He would be able to
snow clearly, and beyond dispute, by reference to his ve-
toes and other messages, that, so far from General Jackson
ever having opposed works of the kind provided for in the
bill upon constitutional grounds, he expressly affirmed
" their constitutionality, acknowledged their utility, and
gave them the weight of his authority, by signing bills
making liberal appropriations for those purposes. It
was certainly unnecessary for him to particularize,
by title and date, the numerous laws approved by that
distinguished statesman and patriot, making appropriations
for the rivers and harbors. These were 'annually made, as
a matter of course, among the regular appropriations. Nor
were these appropriations for harbors and rivers confined to
tide-water; they extended through the whole line of the
northern lakes and down the rivers of the Mississippi val-
ley. We may contcnd, (said Mr. D.) and that with gieat
foice, that these appropriations for the inland waters were
not made with as liberal a hand as justice required; and that
the West did not receive her just proportion,of the moneys
that were applied to those objects; still these laws were suf-
ficiently numerous to sustain and confirm the constitutional
principle involved in them. But the opinions of Gen. Jack-
son upon this subject are not lelt to the inference resulting
from his signatureof approval to those appropriations. His
messages—) es, even those very veto messages to which the
opponents of the harbor and river interests have so frequent-
ly referred, without reading them—expressly acknowledge
the constitutionality and usefulness of these improvements,
and draw the line* of distinction between them and that
gigantic Quixotic scheme which was about to involve the
nation in ii redeemable, hopeless bankruptcy, when it ex-
ploded and disappeared beiorc the breath of the Maysville
veto. That system consisted oi roads, turnpikes, rail-
ways, canals—artificial, works m the several States,
local m their character, and sectional hi -their bene-
fits. In many of thein, the United States govern-
ment was to subscribe stock in the private companies
chartered by the several States, and thus become partners,
joint stockholders with speculators, and stockjobbers in all
the mad, reckless schemes of the day. To show the alarm-
ing progess whic-h this system was making at the time it
was airested by General Jackson's -veto. Mr. D. read the
following trom the President's (Jackson's) annual message
to Congress, December id, 1&.34-: "When the bill author-
i'/ing a subscription on the part of the United States for
stock in the Maysville and Lexington Turnpike company
passed the two ftouses, there had been reported by the Com-
mittees on Internal Improvements, bills containing appropri-
ations for such objects, exclusive of the Cumberland road,
and for harbors and Jjght-houses, to the amount of one hun-
dred and siK millions of dollars. In this amount was in-
cluded authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to sub-
scribe for the stock of different companies to a great ex-
tent, and the residue was principally for the direct constiuc-
tion ol xoads by this gov* rnment. In addition to these pio-
jeets which have been presented to the two House's under
the sanction and recommendation of their respective com-
mittees on internal improvements, there weie then still
pending before the committees and m memorials to Con-
gress, presented but not referred, different projects for
works of a similar character, the expense of which cannot
be estimated wiih cexlamty, but must have exceeded one
hundred millions ofdollais *'
One hundred and six millions of dollars reported at one
session of Congress, and application made lor one hundred
millions moie! This presents an epitome of the nature and
extent of that system which gentlemen have seen proper to
compare to the small (and he had almost said niggardly) ap-
planations in this little bill providing for the harbors and
rivers. Not one of the objects provided for in this bill come
within the constitutional restrictions in either of General
Jackson's veto messages. The first of those vetoes (the
Maysville road hill) is confined entirely to the making of
roads and canals within the limits of a State, and claiming
territorial jurisdiction over them to the exclusion of State
authority , or to the ?jppiopriation of money to such works
prosecuted under State authonty without any contiol o\ er
them on the part of the federal government. To show that
he had stated General Jackson's position correctly, Mr. D.
read the following ftom his May swlle road \ eto:
"The constitutional power of the federal government to
construct or pro>ecute woiks of internal improvement pre-
sents itself in two points of view. the first as bearing upon
the sovereignty of the States withm whose limits their
execution is contemplated, if jurisdiction of the ter-
ritory which they may occupy be claimed as necessary
to their preservation and use, the second as asserting the
simple right to appropriate from the national treasury in
aid of such works, when undertaken by State authority,
surrendering the claim of jurisdiction"if doubts still ex-
ist, (said Mr. D.,) whether this veto message was intended
to be restricted to roads and canals, as contradistinguished
from the navigable rivers and .harbors, every shadow of
doubt must be dispelled, when we come to iead tlwt part of '
the annual message of December,. 1S34-,- which, relates,to
this subject. He read th,e following extracts:-' , •
"The questions which have arisen upon this~sutysfct %ave
related— -
"1st. To the power of making internal i'mprpvements within
the limits of a State, with the right of territorial," |urisdic-
tion, sufficient at least for their preservation and use.-
'^id. To the right of appropriating money in aid 6t such
works, when carried on oy a State, or by a company in.yir-
tile of a State authority, surrendering the, claim of jurisdic-
tion; and
"3d. To the propriety of appropriations for improvements of
a particular class, vu: for light-houses, beacons, buoys,
public piers, and for the removal*of sand-bars, sawyers, and
other temporary and partial impediments in our navigable
rivers and harbors."
The neculair phraseology in which this classification is
made, clearly indicates the opinion of President Jackson, as
to the constitutional power of the federal government over
the diff erent classes of works. When speaking of .the first
class, (relating to roads and canals in the States,;with
the right of territorial jurisdiction,) he says that a
"question has arisen" as "to the power to' make
those, improvements. Speaking of appropriations in aid
of those works, when made by the State?, he says that "the
question has arisen "as "to the right" to make those appro-
priations; but, when he comes to the rivers and harbors, the
question relates only "<o the propriety" of the improvements.
The "power" is virtually conceded, the "right" acknowl-
edged, and the "propriety" only remains to oe inquiredin-
to. The President then proceeded to discuss the first prop-
osition respecting the power to make roads and canals, with
the right of territorial jurisdiction in the federal govern-
ment; and, leferring to his Maysville road veto, said:
"f therefore embrace that early occasion to apprise Con-
gress that, in my opinion, the constitution did not confer
upon it the power to authorize theconstruction of ordinary
roads and canals within the limits of a State, and to say re-
spectfully that no bill admitting such a power could receive
my official sanction."
Hero we have the express language of General Jackson
himself, restricting his Maysville road veto to "ordinary
roads and canals within the limits of a State."
General Jackson next proceeds to the second class, in-
volving the right of Congress to appropriate money in aid
of such works when carried on by a State, or by a compa-
ny in virtue of State authority, surrendering the claim of
jurisdiction, and sayS:
"So thoroughly convinced am I that no such appropria-
tions ought to be made by Congress until a suitable consti-
tutional provision is made upon the subject, and so essen-
tial do I regard the }?oint to the highest interests of our
country, that I could not consider myself as discharging
my duty to my constituents in giving the executive sanc-
tion to any bill containing such an appropriation.!'
Having disposed of the first two propositions, relating to
ordinary roads and canals, substantially the same as he did
in his Maysville road veto, General Jackson proceeds to
expi ess his opinions in regard to. the improvement of oui
navigable rivers and harbors. Upon this branch of the
subject, Mr. D. read the following from the same message:
"There is another class of appropriations for what may
be called, without impropriety, internal improvements,
which have always been regarded as standing upon differ-
ent grounds from those to which I have referred. I allude
to such as have foi their object the improvement of our
harbors, the removal of partial and temporary obstructions
m our navigable rivers for the facility and security of our
foreign commerce. The grounds upon w liich I distinguish-
ed appropriations of this character from others, have al-
ready been stated to Congress. 1 will now only add, that,
at the first session of Congresfe under the new constitution,
it was piovided by law thai all expenses which should ac-
crue fiom and alter the 15th day of August, 1789, in the,
necessary support, and maintenance, and repairs of all
light-houses, beacons, buoys, and public piers, erected,
placed, or sunk befoie the passage of the act, within any
bay, inlet, harbor, or port of the United States, for
rendering the navigation thereof easy and safe, should be
defiyyed out of the treasui y of the United States; and fur-
ther, that it be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
provide, by contracts, with the approbation of thejPresident,
lor rebuilding when necessary, and keeping in good repair
the light-houses, bcacous, buoys, and public piers in the
several States, and for furnishing them with supplies. Ap-
propriations for similar objects have been continued from
that time to the present, without interruption oi dispute. As
a natural consequence of the increase and extension^ our
foreign commerce, ports of entry and delivery have been
multiplied and established, not only upon our seaboards,
butin the interior of the country, upon our lakes and navi-
gable drivers. The convenience and safetv of this com-
merce have led to the gradual extension of these expendi-
tures; to the election of light-houses; the placing, planting,
and sinking of buoys, beacons, and piers; and to the re-
moval of partial and temporary obstructions m our naviga-
ble rivers, and the harbors upon our great lakes, as well as
on the scdboerd. Although I have expressed to Congress
my apprehension that these expenditures have sometimes
been extravagant and disproportionate to the advantages
to be; derived From them, I have not felt it to be my duty to
refuse my assent to bills containing such appropriations,
^nd have contented myself to follow in the footsteps of
all my predecessors."
This language is too exp-licit to admit of misconception
or misconstruction. After pronouncing an unequivocal
judgment against the construction of "ordinarv roads and
canals" by this government, he says that the "harbors and
navigable riveis "have always been xegaided as standing
upon different grounds," that "the grounds upon which I
(he) distinguished appropriations of this character from
others have already been stated to Congress;" thatappio-
priations for objects of this kind were "made "at the first
session of Congress under the new constitution," and "have
been continued from that time to the present without inter*
ruption or disputeand that "1 have contented myself to
follow, in this respect, in the footsteps of all my predecessors.^
The allusion to his having, on a former occasion, expressed
to Congress his reasons for regarding appropriations for the
navigable rivers and harbors as coming within the consxi«
