June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Breese.
Senate.
Testing the condition of Mexico and Texas, at
this juncture; by this definition, and no war is sub-
sisting- between them. Since the year 1842, when
three predatory incursions were made by Mexico
upon- Texas, the invaders leaving the territory at a
quicker step than they entered it, destroying private
property, and carrying off peaceful citizens and non-
combatants, no hostile foot has rested within her
borders. General Woll has, I believe, a small force
west of the Rio Grande; but setting aside his vapor-
ing, and an occasional bulletin from Mr. Tornel,the
Mexican War Minister, peace reigns throughout
the territory of Texas; and such is the prostrate
condition of Mexico, overwhelmed with debt, and
disturbed by internal dissensions, that she exhibits
to the world an imbechty so great as wholly to in-
capacitate her from "prosecuting-by force" what-
ever right she may suppose she possesses over Tex-
as and its territory. Border forays, marauding
expeditions, thefts and robberies, may occur; but
such acts do not constitute a war, as understood and
practised by civilized nations.
But it is said, Mr. President, an armistice has
been entered into between Texas and Mexico, by
the mediation of Great Britain, which estops both
the United States and Texas from denying a state of
war, which such a convention admits to exist be-
tween the two countries.
Now sir, is it a fact that an armistice has been en-
tered into between the two powers*
What is the evidence of it? The proclamation of
President Houston, of the date of the 15th of June,
of the past year, and of the indepcndcncc of the re-
public the eighth, is relied on for this purpose. The
circumstances tinder which that proclamation was
issued, were these, if 1 understand them:
By a communication from the British charge-
d'affaires at Mexico, to the charge at Texas, Pres-
ident Houston was informed, and believed, that the
Mexican government, through the mediation of Great
Britain, had assented to an armistice. Confiding in
this representation, the proclamation was made, as
we have it published in the documents, declaring
that "an armistice is established between Texas
and Mexico, to continue during the pendency of ne-
gotiations betweens the two countries for peace, and
until due notice of an intention to resume hostilities
(should such an intention hereafter be entertained
by either party) shall have been formally announced
through her Britannic Majesty^ charges des affaires
at the respective governments, and the revocation of
this proclamation."
To the terms of the armistice, as. set forth in this
proclamation, the President of Mexico has never as-
sented, but has expressly dissented; and, therefore,
upon well established principles of law, there being
no mutuality in the contract, it has no binding forec. -
Both parties must be bound, or neither.
That he has dissented, appears by the letter of
the Texian ministers, Messrs. Van Zandt and Hen-
derson, to our Secretary of State, of the 16th ofMay
last; in which it is stated when the stipulations an-
nexed to President Houston proclamation, which
was to terminate the armistice, were made known to
General Santa Anna through the British charge
d'affaires, he declined to assent to them, suggesting
that it would be better that the terms, duration, &c.,
should be arranged by commissioners to be appoint-
ed by the respective governments for that puijDOse.^
This refusal, then, annulled the proclamation; ior il
Mexico refused the terms offered by it, Texas was
not bound by them.
What did Mexico do after this? Not agreeing to
the armistice as proposed in President Houston's
proclamation- of the 15th of June, the minister of
war, Don J. M. Tornel, writes a despatch "to Gen-
eral Adrian Woll, commander-in-chief of the army
of the north," dated the 7th of July, in which he
says:
"In order that the armistice ma) he concluded in the
terms fixed by the u?a$o and practice of war, you will give
official notice to Mr. bamuel Houston that he should appoint
commissioners who, jointly with those chosen by your-
self, may form the stipulations according to the ioJowmg
rtiles to be observed on your part'
Then follow the rules. Commissioners were ap-
pointed by Texas, and proceeded to Mexico to ar-
range the proposed armistice, and were expressly
instructed that no arrangement they made would be
binding until approved by the President. They did
make an agreement with the commissioners on the
part of Mexico, which, being submitted to the Presi-
dent of Texas, he declined to approve, and for a
good reason, which went to the whole question of
the independence of Texas; for, in the agreement,
?imt republic denomiprttej ><«f (kp'irtnvrd otM-ti-
co."- This securfed its prompt rejection; and "there
is at present no subsisting arrangement of any char-
acter between Mexico and Texas," as the Texian
ministers inform uS.
Our minister at Mexico, Mr. Thompson, in his
despatch of the 2d of February last, also says:
"I am informed that the negotiation with 'Texas for peace
is not only broken off, but the armistice has also been sus-
pended. You will remember that from the beginning of this
matter, I expressed the opinion that nothing would come
of it It was only a device on the part of Santa Anna to
relieve him from the difficulty in which he had involved
himself by his threats and promise's of reconquering Texas,
which he knows perfectly well is impossible. There may
be othei maiauding foiajslike that of General "Woll, u:-
treating more rapidly than they advance But as to any
regular and reasonably sufficient force invading the coun-
try, the thmg- is impossible, and will not be attempted.
They cannot raise money to support such an army two
months."
"My ^opinion is, notwithstanding all their vaporing and
gasconade, that the most agreeable thing to Santa Anna
would be the authorative interposition of our government to
put an end to the war, as he would then say that we were
too strong for them to contend with." - ,
The truth is, Mr. President, that both parties are
so weary of hostdities, that a state of actual war has
ceased to exist between them, never to be revived,"
unless Mexico shall be incited to it by declarations
here and elsewhere, that it is necessary for her, in
order to keep up her pretended claim on Texas, to
carry on a war "with respectable forces," or, in the
tanguage of the third resolution of the Senator from
Missouri, "on a scale commensurate to the conquest
of the country," thereby inviting a war of extermi-
nation against the oppressed republic of Texas.
But, Mr. President, I maintain, if war actually
exists between the two powers, and by ratifying
this treaty we should be involved in it, and become
thereby a party to it, tt would be neither unjust,
nor in violation of our national faith with Mexieo,
thus to assume such a position.
Wc know, sir, that Texas is oppressed; we know
her history; we feel the wrongs done her; and as
France, in the darkest hour of our struggle, made
common cause with us, and espoused our quarrel, so
should we (Texas battling for the same great princi-
ples for which we then battled) come to her aid, and
interpose our power to stay the hand that would
cleave her to the dust. Vattel says:
"Every nation is, on occasions, to labor for the promotion
oi others, and for securing them from destruction and ruin,
as far as it can, without exposing itself too much. Thus,
when a neighboring nation is unjustly attacked by a pow-
erful enemy, threatening to overrun and oppress it, if you
can defend it without exposing yourself to any great dan-
ger, unquestionably it is your duty."
This is but the instinct of man's nature to assist
the we.ak and oppressed; and this great law is ap-
plicable, under the limitations imposed, to all the
nations of the world. Sir, in our relation to Tex-
as, it is peculiarly applicable. She has strong legal
claims upon us, arising out of the third article of the
Louisiana treaty, which are of perfect obligation,
and which we cannot, in honor, any longer re-
sist. '
By that treaty, sir, we made this engagement:
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall bt incorpo-
rated into the union uf the United States, and admitted as
soon as possible, accenting to the principles of the i'edeial
constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advanta-
ges, and immunities of citizens oi the United States; and,
m the mean time, thcij shall be maintained mid py ntected in
the free enjoyment of ther liberty, propel ty, and the reli-
gion which the} profess."
That the province of Texas was a part of Louisi-
ana, ceded to us by the treaty, and to which this
article applies, cannot well be doubted. I have al-
luded to the opinions of our distinguished public
men upon this point. To them might be added those
of Mr. jefferson, Mr. Madison, and Mr. Monroe,
who seem all to agree that the western limit of that
territory, extended at least as far west as the Bay
of Matagorda, on which La Salle erected his fort in
1685. , , ,
And here, sir, I may be permitted to remark, that
the early history of Texas has an immediate con-
nection with that of the State from which I come.
The first visit to the mouth of the Mississippi was
made through Illinois in 1682, by the gallant and ad-
venturous La Salle, and he was the first to display the
lily of France to the winds of that imperial valley.
Preceded a few years by the Jesuit missionary,
the o-ood father Marquette, who explored the river
as far as the mouth of the Arkansas, and satisfying
himself that it did not empty into the Gulf of Cali-
fornia, nor yet into the sea east of Florida, La Salle
followed and traced it to its debouche in the Gulf of
Mexico. Returning to Canada after his great dis-
i over/, by the same fivers arid th« 1W" &®'1? 'm®*
he embarked for france, when under the auspices of
Lewis the Fourteenth, called ."the great," an expedi-
tion, consisting of four ships, one of them of forty
guns, and another smaller, the gift of the king to-
himself, and two hundred and -eighty persons, he
sailed from Rochelle the 24th of July, 1684;. and
failing to find the mouth of the Mississippi, w*as
.carried west to-the Bay of St. Bernard, now willed
Matagorda, where, on the 14th of March, 1685, a
fort was built. Dwellings were erected also, La
Salle framing the timbers -with his own hand- No
Spaniard was then east of the Del Norte. Numer-
ous tribes of Indians surrounded' them, and greatly
annoyed them, but no Spaniards. Intent on finding
the Mississippi, La Salle, with seventeen men^ left
the fort on the 12th of January, 1687, on that enter-
prise, leaving Mons Barbier in command with
twenty persons. During his absence, some Span-
iards from Mexico attacked the fort, razed it to the
ground, and carried its occupants into captivity.
From this expedition, the bold adventurer never
returned. He was cruelly murdered, near a branch
of the Trinity,.by two of his own men, and his
ashes now mingle with the soil of Texas. -
From our "State papers," I find the following
description of Louisiana, which affords some addi-
tional evidence of the extent of the French claim
west:
"Extracts from the Dicionacio Geographico Historico de
las lndias, Occidentales, 6 America, by Colonel Don Auto--
nio de Aicedo, captain of the Royal Spanish Guards; printed
at Madrid m 1786, '89, by the permission of government, and
dedicated to the Prince of Asturias, afterwards Charles 4th."
"Louisiana, a province and government of North Ameri-
ca, one of the two which iorm New France, bounded on the
south by the Gulf of Mexico, on the north by the river Illi-
nois and the Indian tribes of Pamacmcs, Poaducas, &c., and
others, on the east by West Florida, Georgia, and Carolina;
and on the west by New Mexico and New Spain. Its ex-
tent from north to south is about fifteen degrees—that is to
say. from the 25tli to the 40th degree of north .latitude, and
from east to west ten or eleven degrees, between the S6th
and 96th degrees of west longitude; its limits, however, not
being precisely fixed. M. de Lisle gives it a much greater
extent, particularly towards the north, where it borders
on Canada; and. according to him, it is afterwards bounded
by New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and to the west by
the riveis Bravo and Salado."
A mass of concurring evidence on .this point is
furnished in the same papers; and our government,
as early as 1805, asserted the principles as applica-
ble to this part of Louisiana, that, when any-
European nation takes possession of any extent of
sea coast, that possession is understood as extend-
ing into the interior country; to the sources of the
rivers emptying within that coast; to all their
branches, and the country they cover, and to give it
a right in exclusion- of all other nations to the same;
and that, whenever an European nation makes a dis-
covery, and takes possession of any portion of this
continent, and another afterwards does the same, at
some distance fiom it, when the boundary between
them is not determined by the principle above men-
tioned, the middle distance becomes such, of course.
By force of these principles, then, the Bravo, or the
desert to the east of it, or the solitary Nueces, being
nearly equi-distant from the French discovery and
settlement at Matagorda, and the then most easterly
Spanish settlements, that of Panuco, west of Tan}-
pico, would be the line of boundary between then-
respective claims.
Mr. Clay must have entertained the same views
of the extent of our claim west in 1820, when, after
the execution of the Florida treaty, by which Texas
was cedcd to Spain, he moved, in the House of
Representatives, the following resolutions, and sus-
tained them, as he always does sustain his proposi-
tions, by an able speech:
"Resolved, That the constitution of the United States
vests m Congress the power to dispose of the territory be-
longing to them, and that no treaty purporting to alienate
any portion thereof is valid, without the concurrence of
Go'ngress. , , x , . ,
"Resulted, That the equivalent proposed to be given by
Spam to the United States, in a treaty concluded between
them on the -3M day of February, 1920, for the part of Loui-
siana Iving west of the Sabine, was inadequate; and that it
would "be inexpedient to make a transfer thereof to any for-
eign power, or to renew the afore.said treaty.
A majority of our distinguised statesmen have al-
ways contended for the Del Norte as our western
limit under the treaty of 1803; and many of them
have' questioned the constitutionality of its surren-
der in 1819.
If, then, it be the fact, that Texas was a part of
Louisiana, it is very evident we have'not performed
our treaty obligations to France, as stipulated in the
third article 1 have read. We ceded the territory
and ita inhabitants to the Spanish crown; wc have
nQt ineorpoKwed it jatn tho TMo  of the VmteA
