J une, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543"
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Breese.
Senaet.
Texas, and from which I have read, says: " He
(the President) is induced, by a deep sense of the
real necessity of the proposed acquisition, not only
as a guard for our western frontier, and the jn-otec-
tion of New Orleans, but also to secure forever, to
the inhabitants of the Mississippi, the undisputed
and undisturbed navigation of that river,1' now par-
tially obstructed by the cession to Spain, and now
belonging to Texas, of a large part of Red river'
and the territory watered by it.
Mr. Clay, when, in 1825, as Secretary of State, he
was instructing our minister to acquire Texas, says,
m his despatch of the 26th March:
"The line of the Sabine approaches our great western
mart neat a than could be wished. Perhaps the Mexican
government may not be unwilling to establish that of the
Kio Brassos de Dios, or the llio Colorado, or the Snow
Mountains, oi the Rio del Norte, in lieu of it.
And in his despatch on the same subject of the
15th March, 1827, says:
"The fixation of a line of boundary of the United States
on the side of Mexico, should be such as not merely to
secure certainty and apparent safety m the respective
limits of the two countries, but the consciousness of freedom
from, all danger of attach. That of the Sabine, (which is our
present line ) brings Mexico nearer our great western com-
mercial mart than is desirable."
So, too, in 1833, and in 1835, our government said
that our present boundary was the worst which
could be established—that it surrendered the Ar-
kansas and Red rivers, and their many tributaries
for thousands of miles to a foreign power; it placed
a foreign power on the banks of the Red river, in
immediate contact with sixty thousand Indian war-
riors of our own, and with many thousands of the
savage tribes of Texas; that it enabled a foreign
power with such aids readily to descend Red river to
the Mississippi, and to cut off supplies for New
Orleans, and subject that city to ruin.
In addition to this, sir, as stated by the senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] and as shown by
the map, the northern limit of Texas extends to
within a few miles of, and commands the southwest,
and now the common pass, to Oiegon.
As the obligation rests upon every nation to make
itself as pcrfcct us it can, and to ward off threatening
dangers, by keeping them at a distance, and thus
promote its security, that obligation will be dis-
charged by the acquisition of Texas.
The soil and climate of Texas are very desirable,
and her productions rich and varied. Constituting,
as she will, a planting state, a producer of our great
staple—cotton—and of one of the great necessaries of
life—sugar,—she will, united with us, greatly aug-
ment her power of production, and add largely to
the number of consumers of the bread-stuffs and
provisions we in the West raise in such abun-
dance, and for which it is an object to open new
markets, so that remunerating prices for our labor
can be obtained. To the manufacturing industry of
the North, additional purchasers of" their beautiful
and necessary fabrics will be found in constantly in-
creasing numbers, giving to their shipping interest
also additional and profitable employment. Texas
in our possession, frauds upon our revenue could
be prevented, to which it is now much exposed,
by the facilities afforded to smugglers, and
which would be greatly stimulated, if she was in
alliance with England, and a free trade treaty be-
tween them. These, sir, are some of the prom-
inent advantages accruing to us by the acquisition
of Texas; and which, it is confidently believed we
will certainly lose, if this treaty is rejected.
IS THIS THE FAVORABLE MOMENT TO AC-
QUIRE TEXAS?
The opponents of this treaty say, the senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] in particular, that it is not
impoitant that Texas should be now, at this time, an-
nexed; that she will be always ready for the measure;
that her people are republicans, and never will consent
to be under the dominion of England ; that the ques-
tion is not not# or never, and those who think so
are deceived. I, for one, Mr. President, confidently
believe, from information in my possession, and in
comparing the opinions of those who may be sup-
posed to have the best means of knowing, that if the
present opportunity to acquire Texas be lost, it will
never be presented to us again. Her situation will
be such as to compel her to look elsewhere for
friends; and it is a matter of common rumor, and
generally believed, that British intrigue has been at
work for some years to gain an ascendency over her
policy. Not that she is to become a colony of Eng-
land—no, sir, no one has supposed for a moment
that such a design is entertained; but that she will
form fwrh alliance v/ith England ?-3 to prevent her
ever after from forming a union with us, I enter-
tain not a doubt. This, then, is "the golden mo-
ment," and it should not be permitted to escape un-
improved. As, in matters of private concern, "delays
ard dangerous," so in those of great national mo-
ment, procrastination * will steal away the' hour
most favorable to the accomplishment of the
general wishes of the country. And, sir, if my
prophecy is fulfilled, arid Texas lost to , us forever,
how. bitter -will be our regrets, and the more bitter
because they jvillie unnoticed and unavailing! In
-a late letter from TOe patriot Jackson, whose opinion
on this point, from the position in which he-is
placed, is of the greatest value, and should arrest
the public attentibn, under date of the 13th of May
last, he says:
"It may now be stated as a fact on which we may
rely with the greatest confidence, that if Texas be not speedily
admitted into our confederacy, she must and Wlhhha inevi-
tably diiven into alliances and tommcrcial regulation,? with
European-powers, of a character highly injurious and probably.
hostile to this countiv." '
Sir, this is the third time Texas has consented;
and if she is again rejected, is it not more than prob-
able such a revulsion of feeling. will be produced
by it, throughout the whole republic, as to change
her love for us into hate, and her desire for a union
with us into a position by which she could annoy
and harass us? This is but naluial, and to be ex-
pected.
OTHER OBJECTIONS TO THE ANNEXATION
CONSIDERED.
Some other objections, Mr. President, have been
made to the acquisition of Texas, which I will no-
tice in a very brief manner, and conclude; and the
most prominent is the undue enlargement of the
confederacy by which it will be weakened, and
finally fall to pieces by its cumbrousness. Our ex-
perience, sir, puts at rest, most effectually, this ob-
jection—one that was urged in '87 when the Union
was composed o.f but thirteen States. Many good and
wise men urged then, that it would be better policy
to divide into three or more small confederacies, but
the better sense of the majority prevailed, and a
union of the whole formed, to which an equal num-
ber of States has been added since, three of them
out of foreign territory, and against the same objec-
tions; and all of them contributing new vigor to the
system, and increased strength totheciicle. No
symptoms of disaffection to the Union have been
observed in any of the new States—no spirit of-
insubordination or of restlessness under the ties which
bind them, has ever been manifested, and if the
action of Congress is confined to its proper func-
tions, and each Stitte permitted to exercise its own
undoubted powers, within its own limits, and man-
age its own legitimate concerns, without interference
by Congress, no reasonable bounds can be assigned
to the proper extension of this confederacy. It is
peculiarly adapted to great enlargement and ex-
tension.
"Wide—as our own free race increase-
Wide shall extend the elastic chain,
And hind, m everlasting peace,
State after state—a nughty train "
Others object, sir, that its acquisition would en-
courage the extension of slavery, and promote its
increase. I think the contrary. I believe it would
be the means of relieving many of the old slave States,
and some of the new ones, of this system—protect-
ed, as it is, by the same constitutional guaranties by
which other more favored principles are secured.
Through that avenue, in the course of God's prov-
idence, and by the noiseless and unceasing opera-
tion of such causes as He has set in motion, the
whole black race will, at His own appointed time,
find a refuge among a kindred population inhabiting
the southern portion of this continent, where they
may realize such liberty as they may be capable of
appreciating. It may be, sir, but in obedicnce to the
eternal laws of God, that, before all men shall be
free, some of them shall pass through a state of ser-
vitude—that it shall be a condition en which they
shall be permitted to obtain the boon of freedom.
The ways of Providence "are inscrutable, and past
finding out;" yet who shall say that, in his own
good time, and by the adoption of such a measure as
this, his plan may not be in part accomplished, by
at first, a great amelioration of the condition of the
slave, and, finally, his unqualified emancipation?
Slavery will not be increased by this measure; but
powerful means will be put in operation by it, tend-
ing to its total extinction, in the progress of time.
Another objection, Mr, President, is, that by the
uesty we nsnw!  the debts of Texas. Tte;
is fair and honorable. We get the residue of her
public domain, amounting to 136,lllj327 acres of
valuable land, and assume to pay ten millions of her
debts from the proeeeds. In the way of bargain,
then, sir, this would be a good one on oar part; -for
if the lands should sell for only ten cents an acre,
a sufficient amount of money would be raised from
them, wherewith to discharge the debt., • This, then,
is no valid objection to the ratification of the Wea'ty.
X have now, Mr. President, wearied the Senate,
in a cursory examination of the principal objections
to the treaty, and it only remains for me to notice
one or two other topics connected with it, and I have
done. ,
is this a measure IN, which great-
britain shall interfere?
The Senate cannot but have seen, sir, and the
whole reading community has observed, that Great
Britain has been very willing to extend her ^friendly
offices" to Texas, and takes a deep interest in this
measure to defeat it. After plundering the oriental
world, reducing distant empires to her power, crush-
ing with her iron heel, nation after nation, and ac-
quiring territory unrebuked in every quarter of the
globe, slie now, with that arrogance so peculiarly
her own, presumes to question the propriety of our
conduct in attempting this acquisition of lexas—
an important part of the \alley of the Mississippi—
belonging to our geographical division, and,of such
great national importance to us. This is manifest,
sir, not only from newspaper paragraphs, but from
the correspondence of her diplomatic functionaries,
both here and at home. The last arrival from' Eng--
land by the Caledonia, brings the intelligence of a
conversation in Parliament between Lords Brougham
and the Earl of Aberdeen, the Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, relative to the annexation of Texas, which '
I will read:
"Lord Brougham wished to ask tbe noble lord, the Sec-
retary for Foreign Aflairs, if he had received information
with respect to the annexation of Texas to the United
States. This was a subject of vast importance, so far as
the abolition of slavery was concerned, but he trusted that
the. deciding portion of the Congress, viz: two-thirds of Jhe
members, would oppose it. Nothing which had dropped
from him or the noble lord at the head of "the foreign de-
partment, ever justified the inference that this country, al-
though deplunug t>e existence of slavery, ever contem-
plated any interference with the institutions of America.
"The Earl of Abeideen said the.noble and learned lord
could not expect him to give a precise answet to the question
asked. It was a subject quite NEW and UNEXAMPLED
m the history of nations; and his noble and learned friend
might depend vpon it, that it would receive the most SERI-
OUS ATTENTION of her Majesty's government It was
true, he believed, that the treaty for the annexation of Tex-
as to the United States had been signed; but he agreed in the
hope expressed by his noble and learned friend, that the ma-
jotUyof Cong) ess would not agree to the latificatioyi oj if.V
Of a piece with this, sir, are Some passages in Mr.
Pakcnham's letter to our Secretary of State of the
l'Jth of Aril last. He says therein:
' It is not the purpose of the undersigned, in the piestnt
communication, to enter into a discussion with Mr. Calhoun
respecting the project thus formally announced on the part
of the gov eminent of the United States to annex Texas to
the American Union, that uui y will, if thought necessary,
be fulfilled by highe) authority."*
And he protests against assigning to the British
government any share "in the responsibility of a
transaction which can hardly fail to be viewed* in
many quarters with the most serious objection."
Wow, sir, I look upon this question as one purely
American, with which the European powers can
hare no concern, and in which theirinterferenceshall
not be permitted. The flag of France may wave
over the subjugated territories of Algiers—that of
Britain may be planted on the banks of the Indus
and Ganges, and in the islands of the near and distant
oceans; but the star-spangled banner shall not float
on the Del Norte, nor its glories be displayed be-
yond the Sabine! To this, England has "the most
serious objection." Such an occurrence would be
"quite new and unexampled in the history of na-
tions;" and we "may depend upon it, that it will re-
ceive the most serious attention of her Majesty s
government!" .
It only remains to be seen, sir, what ellect such
language will have upon the freemen of America.
As for me, sir, and my constituents, I think I can
pledge them that they will resist, to the dying gasp,
British dictation, and battle valiantly against any in-
terference by her, to obstruct the progress of any
measure to-be .carried out on this continent, we may
deem essential to our prosperity, and calculated to
promote our great national interests. She holds
Oregon in her gripe—a territory to which our title
cannot be disputed; and now she will object to our
a<yjiU8ition of Texas, like mvWt we will sm*
