544
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844..
2§th Cong 1st Sess.'
The Tariff—Mr. Jlthcrton.
Senate.
Ijiit. Sir, fear of England will never deter me from
consummating this measure; the only hesitation I
have felt ,on the subject is the wound it may inflict
on the pride of Mexico, but that can and will be
healed; but to British arrogance and British preten-
sions, by which our designs may be thwarted, I can-
not yield. If I can aid, sir, in including the smil-
ing and verdant Texas within our own happy po-
litical circle, on honorable terms, and by honorable
means, I shall be gratified, and will participate
cheerfully in the general joy of the country it would
occasion.. If I can contribute in the smallest degree,
Mr. President, to plant the lone star, now in chaste
but feeble splendor, on our own field of azure, there
to shine in unfading, never-dying lustre,
"Ne'er to be
Torn from its proud emblazomyy>
I shall derive a satisfaction I would not barter for
any earthly distinction. It is a great national meas-
ure; and I have spoken to it fiankly, but I fear, sir,
from the indications around me, with no power to
convince, or even to produce a pause in the course
the majority seem determined to adopt. On them
rests the responsibility of rejecting the treaty, should
that be the result.
SPEECH OF ME. ATHERTON,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In Senate, May 25, 1844.—On the tariff.
Mr. Ppesident: This debate has been so often in-
terrupted, and so long postponed, the prospect of
any effective action on the subject during the present
session has become so hopeless, and the public mind
is so engrossed by other topics of a temporary and
more exciting nature, though hot of "so real and per-
manent importance, that, while I could not expect, at
any time, to interest my hearers, I am fully aware
that anything I may now say must fall on unlisten-
ing ears/ Nevertheless, this interrupted, but again
returning debate, is an emblem of its subject. Other
questions may, for a time, excite greater interest;
other topics relating to the government of the terri-
tory we already possess, or to the extension of that
territory, may, for a season, remove this fiom the
public view; but such ephemeral topics, and the agi-
tations accompanying them, pass away, while this
bursts again upon our vision like a sensible substan-
tial object, which shadows have, for a moment, ob-
scured.
The subject relates to taxation—that most vital,
all-pervading, and all-controlling power of govern-
ment, affecting the interests of all, rich and poor, but
too often tending, by its division of the classes of tax
consumers and tax payers, to make the rich richer,
and the poor poorer. And as embracing a system
of prohibitions and restrictions, it meddles with the
business and individual enterprise of men. It now,
cramps and restrains one pursuit of industry; now
by some unnatural process, attempts to force pre-
maturely another; and thus injures and impairs the
productive energy of the whole. "What is the aspect
m which the question now presents itself before
the country? It is, as I conceive, whether we shall
return to the restrictive system as a permanent sys-
tem. A brief review of the course of legislation es-
tablishes this fact. From 1790 to 1800, the duties
apparently average about fourteen per cent. But
making allowance for tonnage duties, for one and a
half per cent, duty on exports, and for interest on
duties, they may be considered in reality as not
more than 10 or 12 per cent.
From 1800 to 1807, allowing for tonnage duties
and interest, and two and a half per cent, duties on
exports, they may be considered as averaging fif-
teen or sixteen per cent. The senator from Mis-
souri, dividing the time extending from 1789 to the
present time into two periods, nearly equal in length,
prior and subsequent to the act of 1816—which was
the first protective tariff, in the common acceptation
of the term—has shown that, during the first period,
leaving out the season of the embargo and war with
England, the revenue was more abundant and uni-
form, and agriculture, commerce, and manufactures
advanced more steadily, and with a more healthful
as well as rapid progress, than during the latter.
Afterwards came the act of 1824, in which the av-
erage of duties was thirty-eight per cent; then that
of 1828, in which the average was forty-two per
cent. Meantime, this restrictive system was pro-
ducing its inevitable results. Discontents and sec-
tional jealousies were aroused. The sense of wrong
operated to so great an extent, and parties were so
mwh inffemed, that extreme discord seeuied almost
ready to burst into inveterate and bloody strife. He
must haVe been a very bold or a very careless ob-
server who did not then fear the worst consequences.
This state, of tilings led to the act of March 2, .1833,
commonly called the compromise act. Considering
the circumstances under which that act was passed,
and also its provisions, its intention would seem to
have been to settle permanently the "leading princi'
pies which should afterwards control the whole sub-
ject." It provided for successive reductions of the
rates of duties,-and that, aftei&he first of July,
1842, they should not be more than twenty per cent.
•But the spirit and cssence of this arrangement,
made on this most exciting1 subject, has seemed to me
to be contained in the provision which declared that
''duties shall be laid for the purpose of raising-such rev-
enue as may be necessary for an economical administra-
tion of the government. And though some, from time
to time, have proclaimed that the compromise act
differed, in no respect from any other law, yet the
appellation universally given to the act, and the
course of events since its passage, seem to prove
that there has prevailed a very general understand-
ing to the contrary. From that time, up to a period
immediately previous to the passage of the tariff act
of 1842, the subject of protection was avoided, and
the design of protection' almost universally dis-
claimed. There^was a law for raising revenue en-
acted at the extra session of 1841. In the discus-
• sions on that act, a desire was generally avowed to
adhere to the compromise act. Mr. Sergeant, in the
House of Representatives, "contended that its pro-
visions, while they amounted to a repeal of the act
of July, 1832, did not affect or interfere with the
provisions of the compromise act."
In the Senate, Mr. Clay said:
"The object of the bill was to raise money. Suppose
there was revenue wanted, and could only be obtained bj
going beyond the compromise: they would ha\e to do it
He was desirous to pyrservc the compromise net nn lofnfe, ami
his hope and belief was that they might, by economy, be
ablw to do so/'
Mr. Calhoun said:
profrs&cd to be %onii( on the gmund thai thr tomptomise
act was to be icspectcd; but he had his fears that it would
end in a violation of eveiy principle of that act."
Here I will, in passing, remark that it seems to
he a very narrow construction of the compromise
act, to suppose, because the necessities of the gov-
ernment should, at any time, require the impo-
sition of duties on any articles of more than twenty
per cent., that immediately the compromise is to be
considered as all going for nothing, and no regard
thereafter be paid to its spirit. No one, it is pre-
sumed, would object, if necessity required it, to the
imposition of duties above twenty per cent., pro-
vided they were duties laid for revenue and not for
protection. But, if there be any binding obligation
in the act, it is monstrous to contend that a necessi-
ty of going beyond twenty per cent, in some in-
stances for the purposes of revenue, would at once
dissolve the obligation arising from the essential
principle of the act, and at once justify the imposi-
tion of duties, to any amount, not for revenue but
for protection. At the commencement of the next
session of Congress—that of 1841-142—in the House
of Representatives there was a discussion on the
subject growing out of a resolution to refer so much
of the President's message as related to the tariff, to
the Committee on Manufactures, and a motion to
amend that resolution by striking out the Com-
mittee on Manufactures and inserting that of
Ways and Means. Even those who desired a
high protective tariff, and advocated a reference to
the Committee on Manufactures, were cautious not
to avow the full extent of their design. In that de-
bate, Mr. Jones, the present Speaker of the House,
said:
"If this were a proposition to lay a tariff for protection. 1
am not prcpaied to say but that this would be a proper di-
rection of the subject But does an} gentleman propose to
lay a taiiti for protection > That Them disclaimed on all sides
of the House "
Mr. Briggs, of Massachusetts, said:
"Gentlemen must not make a false issue here. They talk-
ed of laying duties for protection. Tlieie was no such propo-
sition in the message, and, consequently non^ biforc the
Hou*c "
Mr. Hunt, of New York, said:
''There w as no desire on the part of the North to dnvc
the protection of manufactures to an extent offensive to en-
lightened and patriotic gentlemen from the South acting un-
der the compromise act.'' r *
"Had any demonstration been made, or did gentlemen ap-
prehend that any would be made, in any part'of the House
to force upon them measures in relation to the protective
system wluch would ke obnoxious* Wln-re the evi-
dence of such a design or intention' He, for his part, held
a middle ground The manufacturers, like all other classes
Of men, were selfish—no mpre so than merchants, or plant-
ers. or agriculturalists—and that was all he meant to say.
But they were essentially selftshj their interest requiied
them to be so."
Such were the protestations thrown out at the
commencement of the very session at which the
present tariff passed, and by those who were its
advocates. In August, 1842, the present tariff law
was enacted—the duties in which average nearly
as much as those imposed by -the "bill of
abominations" of 1828, and on some articles
are even higher. The restrictive and prohibi-
tory character of many of these duties has been
so fully exposed that it is unnecessary to dwell up-
on them. Now the advocates of that bill maintain
openly and frankly all the doctrines of the restrict-
ive system; they vindicate the policy of what they
call protection, and avow their belief in the "right to
impose duties for protection, even if revenue is not
needed." Considering all these circumstances, and
adverting to the fact that some of those who voted,
as they supposed, under a temporary stringent ne-
cessity for the bill, avowed their determination to
take the first opportunity for its modification; and
that even its advocates urge that it should be spared
a little longer by way of an experiment to determine
what will be its effects, it cannot be contended that
the failure to modify the bill during the present ses-
sion, indicates that it is to be considered as perma-
nently established. Thus, as I have before intima-
ted, the question now before the country is as to
making that act a permanent policy, or, in other
words, as to a return to the restrictive policy as a
system.
But gentlemen say that the present tariff is
operating so beneficially that it would be unwise
to disturb it. They affirm that, by its passage, pub-
he credit was at once restored. And they have ex-
erted their imaginations to depict, in most glowing
colois, a state of prosperity in which industry is ac-
tive and confidence restored; and this they attribute
to the same cause. Let us for a moment examine
these assertions as to its effect in restoring public
credit. It is not to be denied that the events of the
extra session of 1841 did affect the public credit to a
deplorable extent. The public expenditures which
were before that time in a state of reduction, were,
at once, started in an upward direction. A progres-
sive accumulation of public debt by loans in a time
of peace was enterea upon, which has raised that
debt from about ^ix and a half millions at the close
of the last administration to about twenty-five mil-
lions at the present time.
In the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury of
March 11, 1842, to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, is the following passage: "The
embarrassments of the money-market, and progres*
sive decline of public credit, are noio such as, in the
opinion of the department to call for a provision in the
loan bill by which the stock can be sold for whatever
it will bring." Such a provision would not seem to
promise a very favorable influence on the public
crcdit, and its insertion was lesisted effectually by
the democratic party* It will be found, dtao, that
soon after this the public credit began to revive, and
that this reaction commenecd when it began to be
pretty generally understood that the dominant party
in Congress would be unable to carry out thoir favor-
ite system of measures, and before the passage of
the tariff act of August, 1842. Yes, sir, at the extia
session the distribution act was passed. Can the
human imagination conceive anything more likely
to destroy public cicditr With an increasing ex-
penditure—with a deficient and decreasing revenue,
you threw away the vast public domain, the perma-
nent pledge of credit, and the source of a large
amount of yearly income. If the tariff act had in
any decree the agency which has been attributed to
it, in restoring the public credit—this is owing not to
the restrictive and enormous duties thereby impos-
ed, but to the effect which it had in suspending the
operation of the distribution law, and which was
tantamount to a repeal of that law.
Next let us inquire whether, on their own princi-
ples, gentlemen are correct in attributing the indica-
tions of present prosperity to tke tariff. The nation
has been severely suffering from the levulsions
and explosions caused by an undue expansion of
the paper system. A gradual restoration- of a
sound currency has taken place, which is ever the
best protection to all. To use the admissions
contained in the recent minority report of the
Committee of "Ways and Means of the House,
specie k- almost -,i bupedkutv; lornis b§low ihe
