May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
54,1
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Mherton.
Senate.
legal rate of interest, and easily attainable;" "ex-
changes low," 'There is "an absence of all pecuni-
ary inflation, and an apparent prudence instilled into
all the operations of trade." There is no great regu-
lator to govern the money affairs of others, which
cannot regulate its own, and to expand or contract
the currency, and disturb the business affairs of the
people at its will, and to subserve its own interests.
These beneficial results have followed the gradual
restoration of the currency to the specie standard;
and this restoration has taken place, not through
officious and injurious legislation in establishing a.
bank, or fiscal agent, but by self-regulation. Per-
mit me to read a few extracts, to show that I am
justified by the admissions of political opponents in
attributing to the restoration of the cmrency, and the
confidence attending that restoration, the present in-
dications of prosperity.
Mr. Fillmore, in a report from the Committee of
Ways and Means on the plan of an exchequer,
says:
"They (the committee) sympathize most deeply with the
fcuflerings of the community; and notwithstanding their re-
peated, but hitherto unavailing efforts to relieve them in a way
(meaning by a bank) which a majoiity of both houses
of Congress thought best calculated to effect that object,"
&c.
In a report from the same committee, of February
23, 1843, he refex*s to a message of the President,
which states:
"That the necessity of further and full provision for sup-
plying the wants of the treasury will "be the more urgent if
Congress, at this present session, should adopt no plan for
facilitating the financial operations of the government, and
improving the currency of the country
And he (Mr. Fillmore) continues:
"The President cannot more deeply regret than the com-
mittee, the want of such a plan. This, at the first meeting of
the present Congress, was deemed the leading and paramount.
object of relief for the country. Experiment after experi-
ment had been tried for several years, which aflorded no re-
lief to a suffering community&c.
Mr. Clay, in a report from the Committee on Fi-
nance in the Senate, at the extra session, on the fis-
cal bank, says:
''It will give the people a sound currency of uniform value
throughout the Union, which ip just as necessary to the
successful operation of all branch.cs of business as pure air or
water is to the preservation oj human life or health
In a spcech on the fiscal bank, delivered at the
same session, he says:
"For himself, he believed that it stood out prominently as
the Just among tho&e measures oj i elief, which he fervently
hoped would be sent out by Congress from its present ses-
sion, to re-establish the business and the prosperity of the
country. Other measures would undoubtedly extend much
relief, but it would be limited and not general; whilst every
section, every interest, every person, rich and poor, would
be benefited by the "blessings of a sound currency. If we
pass all other contemplated measures, and fail to pass this,
w e shall fall far short of the just expectations of a suffering
jn-ople. But the passage of this only, without any other
measure, would have fully justified the convocation of
Congress.
•'Ihat the whole nation might rejoice in having once
ixiore restored to it the inestimable benefits of a sound cm-
lency, regulated exchanges, rented business, and restored pi os-
perHy."
The Committee of Ways and Means prepared and
reported the tariff act of August, 1842. The chair-
man of that committee sustained and supported it, in
its progress through the House, as its leading advo-
cate. Here we have that very chairman—six months
after its passage—not in hasty and inconsiderate dis-
course, but in two elaborate and we!! considered re-
ports, speaking of the "sufferings of the communi-
ty,'1 designating the restoration of a sound currency,
by means of a bank, as the only method of "reliev-
ing them;" again alluding to a bank as "the leading
and paramount object of relief for the country," and
stating that other experiments had "afforded" no re-
lief to a suffering community." Here we also have
the chairman of the Committee on Finance—and that
chairman, Mr. Clay himself—asserting that a sound
currency is necessary to prosperity as "pure air or
water to the preservation of human life or health."
He asserts that the restoration of a sound currency
by means of a bank was "the first amon^ those
measures of relief which he fervently hoped would
be sent out by Congress, during its present ses-
sion." And be it remembered, that this was
at the extra session, when the idea of a "protect-
ive" tariff was disclaimed on all sides. Other
measures would be limited in their effect, said Mr.
Clay; "but every section, every interest, every per-
son," "would be benefited by the blessing of a
sound currency." And he enlarges on the "inesti-
mable benefits of a sound currency, regulated ex-
changes, revived business, and restored prosperity.'" It
wns th\t$ admittud that the rtslomtimi of a smmd cur*
rency would revive business and restore prosperity.
To be sure, it was contended that this could only be
done by means of a bank. But our opponents now
acknowledge that exchanges are equal, and ,the cur-
rency is restored to soundness. What right have they,
then, to attribute the restoration .of prosperity to
the tariff,' when another cause is in existence, which
they have again and again proclaimed would pro-
duce that effect? They have no such right. And
the truth is, that the tariff, so far from increasing the
general prosperity of the country, and of the pur-
suits of industry, will operate as a restriction and
an injury.
Mr. President, ithas been said that truth is eternal,
but it would appear that error is so also; for, by an
examination of the debates of 1824 and 1828, we
find the very same arguments urged on either side
of this question, that have been now advanced dur-
ing this debate. Though the restrictive system was
once advocated on the old theory of the balance of
trade, which was founded on the supposition that
money was the only thing possessing any real val-
ue, that theory is now admitted by all to be un-
sound, and is utterly exploded. Yet' the errors in-
volved in that theory still affect and influence the
reasonings and opinions of those who ostensibly
abandon it. My respected colleague argued that
this system was unfavorable to commerce, because,
by diminishing imports, you would diminish ex-
ports also. The senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Phelps,] commenting on this, has contended that
the system is not unfavorable to commerce, because,
he says, "you cannot import unless you export." Is
not the reverse of his proposition just as true?
Take, for instance, the trade between this coun-
try and England. The senator from Ver-
ment tells us "you cannot import from England un-
less you export to her." A member of the British
Parliament tells them, "you cannot import from
America unless you export to her." Is not this
just as true as the assertion of the senator from
Vermont' Certainly it is: and it is the converse of
his proposition; for an export out of the United
States into England is an import into England from
the United States. It is an extraordinary method
of increasing either your exports or imports to place
restrictions on commerce. Nor can the materials
for exportation be increased by forcing capital and
industry into a business which would be unprofita-
ble except for the interposition of the government.
In order to effect this object, we must produce what
we can produce cheapest. Commerce and naviga-
tion are not interests which should be depressed.
Nothing is more striking, in the debates which im-
mediately-followed the adoption of the constitution,
than the anxious solicitude always manifested that
these interests should not be burdened- and op-
pressed. Who tlia^egards the national safety and
the national charadBf-, will not desire to cherish the
nurseries for our hardy seamen, who are to carry
our flag to float to every breeze, and to defend that
flag from dishonor. Should we at any time be in-
volved in the necessity of resorting to arms to main-
tain our rights as a nation—on the oceanmust take
place that dire and deadly contest for supremacy.
And while commerce thus tends to prepare us for
war, its liberalizing and benignant influences do
more to perpetuate peace than all the peace societies
hat were ever formed.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance has
contended that the effect of the tariff would not be to
diminish imports; but the arguments of senators to
show the advantages of the restrictive system, tend
directly to show the importance, in their view, of a
contrary result. It is generally implied, and some-
times directly asserted by them, that everything we
buy abroad that can, by any possibility, and no
matter at what expense, be produced here, is so
much lost to the country. The senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Bates,] in his very eloquent and
ingenious speech, stated this ground, and defended
it with much skill; and, if his position can be
shown to be untenable, one of the main supports of
the restrictive system totters and falls. That sena-
tor, in arguing against what he calls the free trade
syllogism, "that it is best to buy where you can
buy cheapest," says:
"Price is not the only thing to be considered in making a
purshase, nor the chief thing. The first and most important
consideration is. of whom to buy—a member of your own
family, of your own neighborhood or town, of a country-
man in whom you have some interest, or of a foreigner
in whom you have less."
Now, sir, taking a common sense view of the
subject, let us examine whether this be true. Sup-
pose there are several rival traders in a counWy
town, who buy their goods at a neighboring seaport;
puspose one .of them has a brother in that seapdrt,
a merchant who sells his goods 50 per cent, dearer
than any one else; suppose further, that this coun-
try trader—scorning the false and dangerous doc-
trine of buying chcap, prefers that enlarged view of
things, which teaches him that the first thing in •
importance is, to buy of a member of his" own
family—makes all his purchases of his brother:!
ask, will he he able to stand the competition of his
rivals? Will he not be reduced to poverty and-ruitf?
The common sense of everybody will answer at
once in the affirmative.
The senator from Massachusetts, pursuing thk
subject,'contends that everything purchased of a'
foreigner is so much lost to the country. He
"The predecessor of the senator from South Carolina,
discussing the subject "of the tariff, iold the Senate tli«t a
friend of his, returning from abroad, infonned him that
prices-were much lower these than in the United-States.
The coat that cost him, say but $'30 there, would-have cost
him $30 heie. Now I sa> the coat cost the country f.CO,
instead of $30. The American farmer, manufacturer, Dud
tailor lost $30; whilst the price paid was $50."
If a person pays twenty dollars to a foreigner for
an article that is here worth thirty dolljrs, accord-
ing to the senator from Massachusetts, the country
loses twenty dollars! Here is the influence of that
error to which I have alluded, which supposes that
money, instead of being a measure of value and a
medium of exchange, is the only thing of value.
His argument proceeds on the assumption that the
article worth thirty dollars is worth nothing'. Let us
illustrate still further the entire unsoundness of the
position of the senator: Suppose Aand B are neigh-
bors, and, if you please, brothers; suppose A wishes
to purchase an article which a foreigner offers to sell
him for twenty dollars; suppose that the labor of B
is worth forty dollars per month in the production
of some article that the foreigner desires to purchase,
but that, by a month's labor, B can produce the ar-
ticle which A desires; suppose A, going on the prin-
ciples of the senator from Massachusetts, says, "I
wiil not purchase of the foreigner; I will employ my
brother B to produce the article, and buy it of him;"
and suppose B, following the same system, says, "I
will not trade with this foreigner, but will labor a
month to produce the article A desires; and, as he
could get the article for twenty dollars of the
foreigner, I will charge "him only thirty dollais,
though my month's work is worth forty dollars:"
by this arrangement, is it not evident that A \v«uld
lose ten dollars by paying thirty (Toliars for an arti-
cle worth only twenty dollars; and that B would
lose ten dollars by bestowing forty dollars' worth of
work on an article for which he received only thirty;
and thus that the country would lose twenty dollars'
Nothing can be more clear. If, on the other hand,
A should buy the article of the foreigner for twenty
dollars, and B should get forty dollars for his month's
work, would not that loss be avoided? And yet, ac-
cording to the principle of the senator from Massa-
chusetts, the country would lose by this operation
fifty dollars, because A purchased of a foreigner an
article for twenty dollars which he could have got at
home for thirty dollars! With all respect for the
senator from Massachusetts, can anything be more
fallacious? And yet such are the arguments by
which this restrictive system is sustained. Another
incurable fallacy, in all such arguments, is, that
they go on the ground that unless you furnish, by
government regulation, some particular kind of em-
ployment to laborers and operatives, they would-be
doing nothing. May I not say that this is a lioel
upon the enterprise and industry of our laboring
men, and especially of those of the North? If en-
terprise be let alone, it will ever find the most profit-
able channels. To teach any interest to rely on
special favors and bounties of the government,
is to prevent that interest from being able
to compete with others in the market,-;
of the world. Nothing so enfeebles and paralyzes
enterprise as to give it a monopoly. Do this, and
you drug it with opiates; and while the recipients of
your favor, trusting in what you will do for them,
slumber in dulness and sluggish apathy, the unas-
sisted and self-relying outstrip them in the race.
The lessons of experience teach us that this is so in
everything; and the products of monopoly are as
inferior in their kind, to those which energetic self-
reliance brings forth, as the prize poems of laure-
ates, like Pye and Southey, are to the unprotected—
nay, persecuted strains of the snti-cora law rhy-
