53i
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBlL
the subject, we should have no treaty with Eng-
land, and no settlement of this question.
Why say that this gentleman got a salary of six-
teen hundred dollars a year? Were we entitled, on
that account, to receive all the labors of his mind
K during these hours which he was not called upon or
required by law to spend in the discharge of his
duty, for the last five or six years? But he did not
desire to go into that question.
Herewasabook containing the most invaluable
information, and it was asked of Congress to take
1,500 copies. How were these copies to be appropri-
ated? Most certainly they were to go to the State
legislatures and to the public libraries. They were
to go everywhere throughout this country, where
public.men who, in all probability, never would see
the book, unless this subscription was made, would
obtain possession of it, and examine into the sub-
ject of our claim. Here was the Senate gravely de-
liberating in debate about a sum of $3,000, when
every day it expended twice that amount in print-
ing documents which no man ever cared to read.
There was the document of Mr. William Cost John-
son—a report of five or six hundred pages. There
were documents, many of them too, printed by the
Senate, much larger than this book;, and amongst
these was a report of another member of the House
of Representatives. The Senate was daily in the
habit of printing documents of all kinds for which
there was no pressing necessity; and yet gentlemen
talked of the extravagance of this project! He
(Mr. B.) declared that, industrious as he was, he
had not time to read one-tenth of the matter thus
printed.
And now it was made a question whether a book,
eminently calculated to settle a controversy with the
most powerful nation on earth, and to end a ques-
tion of vital importance to our country, should be
purchased—1,500 copies of this work, for the pur-
pose of enabling public men to obtain correct infor-
mation on this vital question.
While he lived he should not accept a book pur-
chased with the public money. He thought, how-
ever, that in justice to Mr. Greenhow, the least Con-
gress could do, when this book was so urgently
needed, and when he laboriously compiled it, was
to purchase 1,500 copies; and after doing that,
even, we should owe him a debt of gratitude" for
placing us clear in the right, not only in the 49th
degree, but in the 54th degree of north latitude.
His position under the committee had enabled
him to obtain the facts which he had stated; and he
had no disposition to do anything for Mr. Green-
how but wnat was just. He was satisfied, however,
that it would be doing him less than justice to refuse
to buy these 1,500 copies of that work. He knew
that, In his own State at least, this question of title
to Oregon had excited a very deep interest. No
appropriation, he felt assured, would be considered
by them better laid out, than in disseminating the
information which this book contained.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. TAPPAN observed that his position was,
that the author would receive sufficient patronage
from the public, and that Congress had no business
with buying his books. If it were proved that he
miffered a loss by the publication, and that it was a
work indispensable to the government, why not
compensate Mr. Greenhow for his expenditure and
time by an appropriation of money, in preference
to the mode proposed? He moved to strike out the
first section of the bill, and if that motion prevailed,
lie would subsequently move to amend the second
section, so that Mr. Greenhow should be compen-
sated for the expense and labor incurred by him.
Mr. ARCHER viewed this motion as an effort to
destroy the bill, not to amend it. Should the mo-
tion prevail, the senator's hostility would remain as
strong as ever against any appropriation. Mr. A.
argued strongly in favor of the merits of the work,
and the justice of compensating Mr. Greenhow in
the manner proposed by the bill. He opposed the
amendment.
The subject was farther debated by Messrs. TAP-
PAN and BAGBY in opposition to the bill, and by
Messrs. BAYARD and WALKER in its support.
The question was then taken on Mr. Tappan's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then came up on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading; on which the
yeas ana nays were called for, and ordered, and
they resulted—yeas 27, nays 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Evans, Foster
Francis, Hannegan, Haywood, Huger, Huntington, Mangum,
Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Upnam,
Walker, White, and Woodbridge—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bagby, Breese, Col-
quitt, Fairfield, Fulton, McDulfie, Merrick, Semple, Stur-
geon, Tappan, and Woodbury—13.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE AND ABATEMENT
OF THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The bill to reduce the rates of postage, to limit
the us.e and correct the abuse of the franking privi-
lege, and for the prevention of,frauds on the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department, was taken up,
as reported from the committee of the whole, the
question pending being on Mr. Hannegan^motion
to strike out part of the first section, from JSie sixth
line to the end of the thirteenth line, and to insert:
Upon every letter in manuscript, or paper of any kind,
being a single sheet, and not exceeding in weight one-half
an ounce, by or upon which information shall be asked or
communicated in writing, or by marks and signs, there shall
be charged and collected for conveying the same any dis-
tance not exceeding 150 miles, 5 cents; and for any distance
exceeding 150 miles and not exceeding-300 miles, 10 cents;
and for any distance exceeding 300 miles and not exceeding
500 miles, 15 cents; and for any distance exceeding 500 miles,
20 cents.
The CHAIR stated the pending question.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he would modify his
amendment, by changing the distance for the 5 cents
postage from 150 to 100 miles.
The question was then stated, with this modifica-
tion.
Mr- HUNTINGTON understood the effect of the
amendment would be to increase the rates proposed
by the original bill.
Mr. MERRICK said if this amendment was
adopted, Congress might as well pass no bill at all.
It would defeat the principle of increase of corres-
pondence.
The yeas and nays were called for, and ordered.
Mr. HAYWOOD suggested the propriety of re-
committing the bill, with a view of reporting back
separate bills: one relating to the reduction of post-
age; one relating to the prevention of depredations
on the interests of the department; and one in rela-
tion to the franking privilege. This was the only
mode in which a fair and direct vote of the Senate
could be had. Each subject would be considered
distinctively, and the difficulty would be avoided of
compelling gentlemen to take the whole bill, while
strongly objecting to some of its parts.
Mr. MERRICK observed that any recommittal
of the bill now would be a decision that no post of-
fice law should be passed this session—the 27th of
next month having already been appointed for the
adjournment of Congress. Already there had been
sufficient discussion on the bill to enable gentlemen
to vote as understandingly as they could on separate
bills. Hp preferred taking the sense of the Senate
as to all amendments deemed necessary, and then
upon the bill itself, even if it was to be lost.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked that it wag difficult to
get attention concentrated upon a proposition in-
volving three distinct objects, each of which was, in
itself, properly a subject of legislation.
Mr. MERKICK insisted that, to a great extent,
the three subjects were so intimately dependent on
each other that they could not be separated.
Mr. HAYWOOD said, as his proposition did not
seem acceptable to the chairman of the Post Office
Committee, he would withdraw it.
The question recurring on Mr. Hannegan'*
amendment,
Mr. WHITE wished his colleague's proposition
had been so modified as to have the maximum rate
of postage only fifteen cents. H~ would, however,
vote for his motion, with the understanding that,
should it prevail, he would, when the bill was taken
out of committee, move to make the highest postage
fifteen cents; but lie was still more in favor of the
general features of the bill itself.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted—yeas 14, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Colquitt. Foster, Francis,
Fulton, Hannegan, Haywood, Huger, McDuflie, Sevier,
"White, Woodbury and Wright—14.
isAiS—Messrs. Atherton, Bagby, Bates, Bayard, Breese,
( hoatc, Clayton, Evans, Fairfield, Huntmyton, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Pparce, PorU-r, Symple, Sim-
mons, Sturgeon, t'pham, and Woodbiidge—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to amend the bill by in-
serting the following additional provision:
Be it further enacted, $*c., That the expenses of the Post
Office Department shall in no case be a charge upon the
general treasury of the United States; and the Postmaster
General is required to reduce the mail transportation and
mail service from time to time when it may become neces-
sary to do it, so as to avoid at all times an exoess of expense
over and above the revenues of the Post Oflice Depart-
ment.
Mr. SEVIER hoped ■ the senator would add a
provision that the postmaster should have atleast one
mail conveyed to each county town in each State,
in case extreme reductions should, become neces-
Mr. HAYWOOD said that was already provided
for by law. .
Mr. ALLEN suggested that the question ought
to be divided.
The CHAIR said it was quite in order to divide
the question. , . .. ..
Mr. ALLEN -observed that it was desirable it
should be so, as it would enable him, and he doubted,
not others, to vote with more satisfaction on the^sep-
arate propositions.
Mr. MERRICK said the law, as it now stands,
provides that the department shall depend on its
own income. If that prove insufficient, the de-
partment has to call upon Congress to pass a
for the payment of the deficiency. He supposed
this amendment was only intended to defeat £he
bill. It could have no other object, as it could not pre-
vent a future session of Congress 'from -passing a
law to pay a post office deficit.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked that if an experi-
ment was to be tried of low postage, provision
should be made for the consequence in time. Once
the reduction takes place, the public never will con-
sent to raising the rates again; and if the income
fall short of the expenditure, the trsasury will be the
sufferer. He suggested that the question was not
susceptible of division. He called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. MERRICK observed that there was not
revenue now for the support of the department, and
if this bill was not passed, the Postmaster General
would have to call on Congress for a law to pay
the deficiency. .
Mr. SIMMONS suggested the propriety of the
senator from North Carolina [Mr. Haywood] with-
drawing his motion at this stage of the proceed-
ings.
Mr. HAYWOOD assenting, the motion, by
unanimous consent, was withdrawn.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the bill by striking
out of the first section all from the word cei, in the
3d line*, to the word mince, in the 23d line, and in-
serting the following:.
"That there shall be charged, in lien of the rates of post-
age now established by law, the following rates, viz: For
every single letter conveyed any distance under thirty
miles, three cents-, for thirty and under one hundred and
eighty miles, five cents, over one hundred and eighty and un-
derfourhundredmiles.tencents; over four hundred miles,
fifteen cents: and for a double letter, double thest? rates; and
for a treble letter, treble these rates; and for a quadruple
letter, quadruple these rates; and every parcel composed of
one piece of paper, or which does not exceed one-quarter oi
an ounce in weight, shall be considered a single letter, and
every parcel composed of not more than two pieces of pa-
per, or not exceeding one-half ounce in weight, shall be
deemed a double letter; and every parcel containing not
more than four pieces of paper, or not weighing o'vei one
ounce, shall be considered a quadruple letter; and for every
additional quarter of an ounce, beyond one ounce in
weight, the additional postage of a single letter shall be
added."
Mr. E. said he only ventured to propose this
amendment because he was anxious some bill should
pass; and he feared the original bill would wholly
fail to yield sufficient income to the department.
The present system consists of five distances—one
of 30 miles, one of 80, one of 150, one of 400, and
one for all distances beyond 400 miles. It seemed
extraordinary that the number of letters sent for
each of these distances should come so near corres-
ponding. The Postmaster General's report shows
that, last year, the number for the first distance (30
miles) was 4,100,000; for the second, (80 miles,)
5,500,000-, for the third, (150 miles,) 4,700,000; for
the fourth, (400 miles,) 5,300,000; and for the great-
er distances, 4,500,©00^ But the rate of postage
on each of the routes 0ks very dissimikr, viz: on
the first, the shortest distance, the income was only
$247,000; on the second, the next shortest distance,
$555,000; on the third, $558,000; but the longest
distance (beyond 400 miles) yielded an amount
equal, very nearly, to the whole of the three short
distances—viz: $1,126,000. . . .
He then went into a minute statistical review ot
the probable receipts, according to the two rates (5
and 10 cents) proposed by the original bill, and
showed that, by his calculation, allowing for the in-
crease to be expected from the cheap-postage sys-
