CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tem, the income of the department could not meet
the necessary expenditures.
He estimated the deficit at $759,354, at least. He
did not know that his own amendment would better
the bill a great deal; but from the best consideration
he had been able to give the subject during the short
time he had to make computations upon it, he took
it fcir granted, judging by the same statistics which-
had been his guide in computing the\ probable effects
of the rates proposed by the original bill, that the
rates he proposed, .according to distances, would
yield revenue enough to meet the expenses of the
department.
Mr. MERRICK said that the Post Office Com-
mittee had made very minute and pains-taking cal-
culations, with a view of ascertaining what rates
and what distances would be most productive of rev-
enue; and they had become entirely satisfied that 5
cents for all distances under 100 miles, and 10 cents
for all distances beyond that, for every half ounce,
■would be the lowest rates that could save the de,
partment from loss. The committee did not doub-
that there would be a decrease of income in the first
instance, in consequence of the sudden reduction
from an average rate of postage of 14 cents.to 7|
cents; but it was contemplated that a considerable
saving of expenditures could be made, which would
cover the probable falling off. He then stated the
basis of the calculations made by the Post Office
Committee. [The same as published heretofore
during this discussion.] The committee had ex-
amined the statistics of the penny-post system in
England, and ascertained from them that, if letter-
writing was as much practised in this country as in
England, not one-half of the correspondence of the
United States passed through the mail. In fact, tak-
ing the correspondence of England upon the standard
of population, and applying the rule to the
tJnited States, the committee computed that a low
rate of postage here would induce an addition of
from 100,000,000 to 160,000,000 of letters to be
sent through the mail. The committee, however,
did not go to the full extent of that computation,
nor was it necessary to do so, for an addition of one-
third of that computation would, under the rates
paoposed in the bill, insure sufficient income to the
department to meet its expenses. On the whole,
Mr. M. objected to the amendment; he thought it
much better that the bill should stand as it was. If
"the senator from Maine would modify his amend-
ment so as to strike out the 3 cents rate for 30 miles,
and the extension of the 5 cents rate to 180 miles,
leaving it 100 miles as in the bill, he should not ob-
ject to 15 cents being charged for all distances over
400 miles. He called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. HUNTINGTON would not now offer
amendments to the amendment; but if it should be
adopted, he would, when the bill came out of com-
mittee propose such modifications as he thought
necessanr.
The CHAIR announced that the bill had been
reported back from the committee of the whole
som« days ago, and was now under consideration in
the Senate.
Mr. WOODBU.RY observed that there were two
of the rates proposed by the senator from Maine, to
which he did not object; the first was the low rate of
3 cents for 30 miles, and the next, the highest rate,
15 cents for the maximum. But he objected to ex-
tending the 5 cents distance to 180 miles.
Mr. VVRIGHT moved to amend the amendment,
by inserting 150 instead of 180 miles.
Mr. WOODBURY moved to make it 100 miles',
instead of either 150 or 180.
The question was then put on Mr. Woodbury's
motion to reduce the 5 cent distance from 180 to
100 miles, nnd it was adopted—ayes 26, noes not
counted.
•Mr. MERRICK moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out all that part of it relating to
3 cents postage for 30 miles, so that for all distances
of and under 100 miles, the postage should be 5
C61ltS
Mr. ATHERTON said he hoped the motion to
strike out the rate sf 3 cents for distances less than
30 miles would not prevail. This reduction he con-
ceived to be, perhaps, the most important of any
which had been proposed. It would be found par-
ticularly so at the North, where towns of considera-
ble size were frequently near each other. And it
was also important, considered in relation to its op-
eration on the private expresses, of which so much
had been said. New.England was penetrated by
railroads, which run into the interior in almost all
directions from Boston. These expresses run be-
tween the considerable jjlaces on "all these routes.
The place where he resided—a large manufacturing
place, containing between six and seven thousand
inhabitants—was only fifteen miles from Lowell,
with a railroad between them. Further up on the rail-
road route was Manchester, also a large manufactur-
ing place. Now, he had no doubt (and he merely men-
tioned this by way of illustration) there might be
instances in which - parents might reside within
thirty miles of all these places, and have one or
more of their children at each of them, operatives
in the mills, or pursuing some other avocation. It
Was surely important that such should be deprived
as little as possible of the influence of domestic as-
sociations and family ties. And to increase the
cheapness and facility of intercommunication, would
not only confer an inestimable benefit to communi-
ties thus situated, but would also be advantageous
to the department.
Nor would this operation be confined to a few lo-
calities. There was also the communication be-
tween all parts of the counties and the shire town,
where so much business was transacted, and for
which the mails would be used, were not the post-
age rates such as to prevent this in a great measure.
He was firmly of opinion that this reduction to
three cents would increase the revenues of the de-
partment.
The amendment to strike out three cents for thir-
ty miles was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment,
[Mr. Evans's,] and resulted—yeas 24, nays 17, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bogby, Bates, Bayard,
Choate, Clayton, Colquitt, Crittenden, Evans, Fairfield, Ful-
ton, Henderson, Jarnagin, .YIcDuftie, Miller,' Pearce, Porter,
Sevier, Tappan, Up])am, "White, Woodbuiy, and "Wright
—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Barrow, Breese, Buchanan,
Foster, Francis, Hannegan, Haywood, Huntington, Man-
gum, Memck, Morehead, Sempie, Simmons, Sturgeon,
Walker, and Woodbridge—17.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. EVANS observed that an amendment was
adopted yesterday—confining the franking privilege
to members of Congress, to each session of Con-
gress—which he thought should be modified.
Mr. MERRICK explained that it was the amend-
ment moved by the senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Woodbury] in the 8th section and 5th line re-
lating to the receipt of communications addressed to
members of Congress. j
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the same section
and line by inserting, "and for a period of 30 days
before and 30 days after each session of Congress."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SEMPLE inquired whether the motion of
the senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Atherton]
yesterday was attached to the 8th section, theamend-
ment then pending being a motion of the senator
from New York, [Mr. Wright,] subsequently with-
drawn, to strike out the 9th section. He wished to
know whether the amendment of the senator from
New Hampshire had been entered on the journal.
Mr. MERRICK explained that the motion had
been to amend the section before the motion wao
put to strike out. *
Mr. TAPPAN suggested a verbal amendment,
which was adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON moved to amend the bill by
an additional section providing that this bill shall
continue in force till the first day of February, 1846,
and no longer.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked what that was for.
Mr. HENDERSON said the object was, to have
a limitation fixed, lest the department, in the event
of the experiment failing, should become a burden
on the treasury for any length of time beyond a
day fixed.
Mr. ALLEN suggested the propriety of a grad-
uated reduction of one per cent, per year on each
class of letters,'till experience would show what the
most productive rate would be.
Mr. MERRICK did not see any use in the
amendment proposed by the senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Henderson.] The subject would al-
ways be open to Congress.
Mr. BUCHANAN did not see that it was a mat-
ter of consequence whether the amendment was
apopted or not. The experiment was one which
would test the question upon which the reputation
of the chairman of the Post Office committee, and
that of the Postmaster General, were at stake. It
was to test which was the true prophet—the one
predicting very .favorable of the results of experi-
ment, aha the other quite the reverse. .
Mr. MERRICK did not think an experiment
fairly made that was not intrusted to its Friends, or
aecording to their plan.
Mr. EVANS observed that, if this amendment
prevailed, at the end of the term assigned iiopost
office law would be in force; He suggested the
propriety of providing for the continuance of the
present laws after the time appointed.
Mr. HAYWOOD pointed out that the penal en-
actments would also be suspended.
Mr. EVANS withdrew his suggestion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hender-
son's amendment, and it was rejected. ■
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the bill, as ataended,
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAGBY gave notice that to-morrow, at 1
o'clock, he would move to take up the resolution of
the Finance Committee, proposing the indefinite
postponement of the bill introduced by the senator
from South Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] relating to the
tariff.
On motion by Mr. EVANS,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 18,1844.
The journal having been read—
Mr. ADAMS observed that he had been request-
ed, on the part of the exectors of William Sydney
Winder, of Baltimore county, Maryland, now no*
more, to present to the House the "camp chest of
General Washington, used by him during the rev-
olutionary war. The presentation of this relic
would probably occupy some time, and he would
therefore propose that some hour of the day be
fixed for the purpose, so that no time might unne-
cessarily be lost; as on previous and similar occa-
sions, the House had immediately adjourned after
the cercmony of presentation was over. ,He hoped
that the hour of 3 o'clock would be fixed on, which
would leave an hour for the presentation of the relic,
and bring the House to the usual time of adjourn-
ment.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he would be grati-
fied if the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
would fix upon the hour at 4 o'clock.
Several cries of "No, no," "3 o'clock," were
heard, and
Mr. ADAMS expressed his preference for the
hour of 3 o'clock.
The SPEAKER said that, by general consent
of the House, the hour of 3 o'clock _would be fixed
upon.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee" on Engra-
ving, to which was referred joint resolution; No. 23,
relative to the erection of a national monument on
public ground, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That one thousand two hundred and fifty copies
of draft of monument to accompany the report No. 434, rel-
ative to a national monument, from the Committee on Pub.
lie Buildings and Grounds, be furnished by the Committee
on Engraving.
Mr. TIBEATTS asked what was the first busi-
ness before the House.
The SPEAKER said that the first business it; or-
der was the reception of reports from the standing
committees. But the resolution now before the
House was from a committee that had a right to re-
port at any time.
Mr. TIBBATTS observed that he feared the
resolution would give rise to debate; and he moved
to lay it on the table.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he should like to
know the cost of engraving this map.
Mr. SIMONS replied that the motion on the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to lay the resolution on the
table prohibited him from giving any explanation.
Mr. TIBBATTS said, to allow the gentleman to
get a vote on his resolution, he would withdraw the
motion to lay it on the table, and move the previous
question. Subsequently Mr. T. withdrew the call
for the previous question.
Mr. SIMONS explained that the map was in-
tended to aceompany the report of the Committee
on Public Buildings, in relation to the Washington
monument, and was necessary to render that report
intelligible. The cost would; not exceed twenty or
twenty-five dollars, at farthest. He would remark
to the House, as a great deal of perturbation had been
evinced on the subject of maps, and particularly in
regard to the map accompanying the report of (lie
/
