S48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
among both practical and scientific men, that even
those who, from the pressure of their system of
government, feel themselves constrained to continue
these restrictions, feel obliged to apologize, as it were,
for that very act. Doubtless many there would
have been glad to yield more to the influence of
those truths which declare the advantage of un-
shackled commerce, and the folly and impolicy of
restrictions, as affecting the general prosperity and
■wealth of a nation. But it is as a question not so
much of national wealth, but of the distribution of
that wealth—not as an external, but an internal ques-
tion, that they adhere to the system. 'Their govern-
ment is one of enormous taxation, of restriction,
and of privilege. It is a government founded on
property. The laborers have almost no political
power, as a part pt that commons, the subject of
the eulogium of the gentleman from New jersey.
Capital rules; &nd the maxim is, protect capital, and
give it privileges, and the capitalist will take carc of
the laborers. Who are the party endeavoring to
break down those privileges. They are the laboring
men—they are the free-trade men.
The democratic pulse of Manchester and Birming-
ham, spoken of by the senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Choate,] beats for freedom from res.triction^-
for freedom from such a system as it seems to be
the darling object of many to fasten on America.
This system of England is again and again recom-
mended to us; and why? Not on account of the une-
qual privileges it confers—not on account of the
capitalists—oh, no! but for the good of the mechan-
ics and laborers. Protect them against the pauper
laborers of England by imposing on them a system
which has made those laborers paupers. Think
you it is regard for the laboring men that causes the
Paiiiament of Great Britain to keep up their restrict-
ive system, and even to deprive the laborers of
bread for the sake of supporting—or protecting, as
ihey call it—the landed interest? The system is the
sama. Who can point out the difference? It is
making the people pay dear for the necessaries of
life, for the sake of giving capital enormous
profits. The gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Simmoks] has, in effect, admitted their identi-
ty. He spoke of the stability and prosperity of
England—the large amount of specie now in
the vaults of the bank, compared with that
which was there under the whig administration.
He said he attributed this to the confidence men of
property felt since the success of the present admin-
istration over their "free trade opponents;" that the
landed interest (that is the aristocracy) would be
sustained and protected, and that chartists and dem-
agogues would be put down. These remarks of
the senator from Rhode Island do credit both to his
ingenuousness and his consistency; for there is no
argument which can go to sustain the restrictive
system here, which does not go to sustain the British
com laws and the measures of the high-tory party
in England. Still, I must be permitted to express
some surprise that the principles and practice of that
party should be here defended, and preferred to those
of their opponents. The party now in power in
England defended here!—who are opposed to all
amelioration in the condition of the middling classcs—
who cling to all monopolies and unjust privileges—
who opposed to the last all parliamentary reform,
for fear of giving to the laborers and middling
classes of society a little influence in the representa-
tion in Parliament—whose jouri^ls are filled with
fierce hatred and contempt fot freedom and popular
rights—who scout the idea of general education—
with whom Washington—was a base rebel, Lafay-
ette a hypocritical demagogue, who should have lost
Iiis head on a scaffold, and who laugh to scorn the
idea of the sovereignty of the people. If the sena-
tor means, by the free-trade opponents of this minis-
try, the chartists and radicals, as the chartists and
demagogues who he rejoices are put down, I must
sny that their principles of government correspond
fcir more nearly with those which have ever been
-supposed here to be American principles, than those
of any other party in any country. If he refers to
the whigs—though they certainly do not entertain
the same republican ideas that Americans do, or
ought to—yet are not their sentiments far more
congenial to our institutions and ideas than those
of the tory party. Sir, I cannot forget all the
liberal and noble sentiment which have fallen from
the lips of Burke—and when I say this, I mean of
Burke the whig, and not Burke the tory—of the
°,lder Pitt, and of Charles James Pox. Ves sir, es-
pecially of Charles James Fox—
^Thfi raijthty «pher« of whose transparent mind
Amom^a ths wW, s a brotk'4 manWntS,"
1 cannot forget that, in the British Parliament, he
pronounced a eulogium on General Washington
worthy of himself and of his subject; and that he was
at one time dismissed from the privy council of
Great Britain, forgiving, as a toast, "the sovereign-
ty of the people of England."
Yes sir, in many instances, there is reason to fear
that it is capital seeking, privileges and favors to it-
self, under the guise of good to all, which influences
the course of legislation. The interest of labor and
capital is not entirely identical. It will not answer
to go on that ground in our legislation. The gentle-
man from New Jersey said the interests of all classes
are interwoven together. But, was it ever openly
avowed that, by legislating only for one, you will do
your duty to all the rest' Has any one the right to
come and say, Confer favors on me—I will take care
of others? Is it enough to take care of capital alone?
If so, the remark is correct, that it is the part of po-
litical wisdom to found government on property;
and the English system is the true one. Wherefore
the right of universal suffrage, except that every man
may protect his own rights? The employer has no
right to dictate to his workman how he shall vote, or
the right of suffrage might be confined to the employ-
er alone. It is said not to be good policy to inculcate
the doctrine that the interests of capital and labor are
not identical. It is said to be declaiming against prop-
erty. Sir, security to property is one of the safe-
guards of liberty. Without the power of accumu-
lating property and retaining it against force and
fraud, man would return to the savage state. But the
intention of our system is not, as in England, to give
any one class undue advantages, but to place all on
an equal footing. It is not to sustain and protect some
at the expense of others. Capital should not, on any
principle of right, or necessity, or policy, be vested
with undue advantages, for, in itself, it has great
power; and it is only by constant watchfulness
that we can guard our system of government, or any
system of government, against its undue influence.
The spirit of monopoly is insatiate and craving; it
is active and never weary. It maybe laid down
as a rule to which there is no exception, that if you
give any class, or any interest, the control of legisla-
tion in any country for a series of years, that class
or that interest will, in the end, reduce the rest to
vassalage and dependence.
I ask again, does the senator from Rhode Island
believe that love for mechanics and laborers prompts
the British tory party—the subjects of his eulogy?
And if the object and end of their resistance to all
amelioration of their laws was not the preservation
of unjust and unequal privileges, would they stand
firm, as they now do, obliged as they are to yield as-
sent, theoretically, to the noble and irresistible
truths which the free spirit of the age is everywhere
disclosing and inculcating? There is no doubt that
they argue well about giving occupation to the peo-
ple, and about the importance of favoring that "cap-
ital which gives to labor its employment," and sup-
plies its necessities; and they have some right to do
this, for what the people there obtain is little more
than a matter of charity from the government which
is wielded by an aristocracy of wealth.
Yes, sir, the fruits of this boasted system
are seen in England, whose glorious exam-
ple we are so strenuously urged to follow.
Her parks, her palaces, the splendid equipages
 the lavish profusion of a fayored few—show
forth her immense wealth. There is wealth
there which should make all her population—and,
properly distributed, would make her population—as
comfortable and happy as any on the face of the
earth. But, while we gaze on the glowing picture
of her greatness, let us not suffer our eyes to be
dazzled by the scene—
"Where von broad mansion's tax-liuilt drctv  ing-roovn
Displays its corniced gold,'"
so that we overlook the humble and desolate thovel
by its side, where want sits waiting for a home in
the grave. The contrast there between those who
liot in idleness and luxury, and those who, by in-
cessant toil and miserable fare, are almost reduced to
brutal stupor, displays in their most striking aspect
"of life's extremes—the grandeur and the gloom."
Go ask the overworked, underfed, halt-clothed la-
borer—his cheek pale with famine, his eyes glaring
with want and wretchedness, his wife perishing by
inches, his children crying for bread, which lie has
not to give them—whether he is satisfied with the
operation of this protective system: and when, m
answer, he points to the scenes of aistrcss about
him, tell him that this system was designed for his
especial benefit, and that, he ovght to o§ happy
der it; tell him that taxes are levied on breadst'uffs
in order to make bread cheap; and if his nature be
not entirely broken down by unuttereble wo, his in-
dignant look would warn you that it was not safe
to trifle thus with his understanding—nay, with the
very instinct of wretchedness. And if, perchance, he
has heard of a happy land across the broad Atlantic,
where labor is said to be free, and unequal laws do
not confer unequal privileges, tell him, further, that,
in the American Senate, there are some who, pro-
fessing, and doubtless feeling, great regard for me-
chanics and laborers, are lauding the government of
England, which protects the landed aristocracy by
refusing all modification of the corn-laws, and taxes
breadstuffs, while their population is starving, and
he would fear that the time might come when, even
here, no asylum would be found for oppressed and
suffering humanity.
" SPEECH OF MR. WALKER,
or Mississippi,
hi Sencite, JWonday and Tuesday, May 20th and 21st,
1844 In secret session on the treaty for the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. WALKER said: It is with deep regret that I
have heard the speech of the senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] against the treaty annexing Texas to
the United States. His first objection is to the
boundary, which, by the treaty, he says, is made to
extend to the Del Norte, and embraces parts of sev-
eral Mexican States. Now, there is no description
of boundary in the treaty. The words are, "the
republic of Texas cedes to the United States all its
territories." If these territories extend to the Del
Norte, they are ceded, but not otherwise. It is said
that Texas, by act of her Congress of 1836, claims
to the Del Norte, and that therefore the cession of
Texas by name necessarily extends to that bounda-
ry. But the boundaries of a nation depend on
something more than its own claims; these may ex-
tend beyond its rightful limits; and when it is ceded
by name, that cession extends only to the country
embraced within its lawful boundaries. If, then,
the Del Norte is not the lawful boundary of Texas,
it is not included in the treaty; and if it be the proper
boundary, then it is and ought to be included. This
would be the true construction of the treaty itself;
but, to remove all doubts, the government of Mexi-
co was informed, by a cotemporaneous despatch
from our government, dated April 19,1844, that we
had
"Leftthehoundarv of Texas without specification, so that
what the line of boundary should be might he an open
question to be fairly and fully discussed and settled accord-
ing to the rights of each, and the mutual interests and secu-
rity of the two countries."
That despatch also says:
"You are enjoined also, by the President, to assure the
Mexican government that it is his desire to settle all ques-
tions between the two countries which may grow out oi
this treaty, or any other cause, on the most liberal ana satis-
factory terms, including that of boundary.'
There is, then, no spoliation of Mexican territory,
even if the facts are as stated by the senator from
Missouri, as to the boundary; for it is left an open
question, to be settled with Mexico on "the most
liberal and satisfactory terms," "according to the
rights of each," thus going much further than, by
the law of nations, we were bound to go, in a spirit
of generous forbearance towards a neighboring
power. .
If, however, the treaty, by its terms, embraces
territory not belonging' to Texas, it may, we all
know, be amended on motion of any senator, so as
to exclude such territory, and therefore an objection,
even if well founded, which can thus be so easily
removed, can constitute no just reason for defeating
the treaty. , , , ,
But even if the boundary had not been lett an
open question, but the Del Norte had been specified,
it is the rightful boundary of Texafa, and, therefore,
would constitute no valid objection to the treaty.
In 1836, Texas defined her boundary as follows:
' Kesinnin" at the month of the rahine river, and running
\\ e't alon"- the (julf of Mexico, three leagues from land, to
thJ-Muth of the Rio Grande, then up the pimcipal stream
of said river to its source, thence due north to the lorty-
degree of north latitude, tlience along the boundary
line as detined in the treaty between the United States and
SDain to tke beginning; and thai the President be, and is
hereby authorized and required to open a negotiation with
the eovernment of the United States of Ameiioa, so soon
as m his opinion, the public interest requires it. to ascer-
tain and define the bouudarv line, as agreed upon m the
said treaty." .
f>iwh was lite bouutkry of dcactibed in
