S34
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
surgeon general, (which, it was said, would cost
§1,500,) that the cost of that map, under the direc-
tion of the committee, would not be a half, nor a
tjjird, of that sum. The cost would not be over $200.
Mr. RATH BUN objected to the printing of this
map, as a useless, expense, and moved to lay the
resolution on the table; which motion was carried—
ayes 79, noes 57. So the resolution was laid on the
table.
Mr. HEKRICK presented resolutions of the
legislature of the State of Maine in relation to the
British colonial trade; and moved that they be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY moved to refer them
to the Committee on Commerce, as the most appro-
priate reference.
The SPEAKER stated that there were two mo-
tions made, the one to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the other to the
Committee on Commerce. The question would be
first put on referring to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. °
After some conversation, in which Mr. WIN-
THROP, Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, Mr. SEVER-
ANCE, Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, and others took
part, the resolution was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. HALE was understood to desire permission
to report a bill.
Mr. TIBBATTS objected to any business out of
the regular order,
THE TARIFF—NOTICE OF A TEST VOTE.
Mr. McKAY rose and remarked that it was with-
in the knowledge of the House that he had made
several attempts to get the House to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
the purpose of taking up the tariff bill reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means. When he
first made that motion, he gave notice that he intend-
ed to make it every successive day until the House
agreed to it; but he found there was an unwillingness
on the part of some members, arising from some
temporary cause, and hence he had not persisted in
making that motion; but he now gave notice, that
both sides of the House might be apprized of it, that
it was his intention—and he gave this notice now
that those now absent might be in attendance, as
he hoped they would be—that, on Monday next, he
should move to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
that bill. The House would permit him to hope
that there would be a full attendance. He was not
disposed to waste the time of the House by the rep-
etition of these motions, and therefore he distinctly
gave notice that if, on Monday next, the House
should treat his motion unfavorably, and refuse to
agree to it, he should consider it an expression of
the determination of a majority of this House not to
act on that bill at the present session, and he should
cease all further efforts to get that bill up.
THE AMISTAD SCHOONER.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution reported yesterday by Mr. Com.amkii,
from the Committee on Manufactures, that 10,000
extra copies of the report of Committee on Manu-
factures (No. 420) relative to the tariff and manu-
factures, be printed.
* Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL made a motion to amend
the same by adding thereto, after the word "manu-
facture!!" in said resolution, "and also 10,000 copies
extra of the report of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs in relation to the Ainistad."
Mr. G1DDINGS rose to address the House on
the subject brought to its notice by the report of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, remarking that it
was one on which the House had prohibited their
constituents from approaching them; and yet they
were called upon by the chairman of that committee
to appropriate $50,000 for the traders in human
flesh in Cuba; and in order that the whole country
might understand the manner in which they did
business here, it was proposed to print 10,000 extra
copies of that most extraordinary report, quietly to
prepare the minds of the people for so extraordinary
an act of legislation. After some allusion to the vote
of censure on himself passed by the last Congress
in connexion with this subject, he preceded to ob-
serve that he felt it to be his duty to call the atten-
tion of the country to the fact that a proposition was
made here, by a vote of this Congress, to put the
people of the northern and other free States under
'Contribution to the amount of $50,000 for the slave
'raders of Cuba, and thus to cause them to partake
of the odium, the disgrace, and the moral guilt of a
crime which had received the execration of the whole
civilized world. The people of the free States were
called upon to make compensation to certain Span-
iards for the loss of the human flesh which they had
stolen from Africa, and deprived of the rights which
the God of nature had vested in them; and thus the
people of the free States would become partakers of
a crime against all, laws, both human and divine.
He then proceeded to give the history of the case
of the Amistad. -
_ He went on to contend that Jingua and his asso-
ciates were free men; and that the moment they
landed at New York they were entitled to the pro-
tection of the laws. In the course of his remarks,
he stated that a claim for salvage had been made by
the citizens of the State of New York, where they
landed, for assisting in arresting them.
Mr. STRONG said that, as this was in his dis-
trict, he would take it upon himself to deny that
any such claim was made.
Mr. GIDD1NGS continued his remarks, com-
menting on the report of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs; during which he was several times set right
as to matters of fact by Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, the
chairman of that committee.
The SPEAKER announced the expiration of the
morning hour, and the subject went over.
Mr. McKAY called for the orders of the day.
WESTERN WATERS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
"bill making appropriations for the improvement of
certain harbors and rivers."
When the House adjourned yesterday, a motion
was pending to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert a substitute for the entire bill;
which,.however, contained a provision which Mr.
A. Kennedy, who proposed the amendment, was
not aware was contained in it when he offered it.
His proposition was designed to make the bill what
it was made by the Committee of the Whole,
with the exception of the word "Illinois;" but it
was found to retain the increased appropriation of
§223,000 for the lower Ohio, and some other rivers,
which the House had rejected. The previous ques-
tion having been moved and sustained, the Chair
decided that the gentleman from Indiana could
neither withdraw nor modify his amendment, and
from that decision Mr. K. appealed.
The question now recurred on the appeal from
the decision of the Chair; but it was sustained by
the House.
The question then recurred on the motion to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
the substitute.
Mr. WHITE called for the yens and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted thus—
yeas 6."), nays 112.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question coming up on the engrossment of
the bill,
Mr. COBB moved to lay it on the table; on which
question,
The yeas and nays having been demanded by
several, were ordered.
Mr. WHITE suggested to the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cobb] that the question of engross-
ment was as much a test question as the question of
laying on the table, and hoped that the gentleman
would withdraw his motion, and suffer the question
of engrossment to be taken.
Mr. COBB replied that the question on the mo-
tion made by him was preferred by many gentle-
men, and he would adhere to it.
The question being token on Mr. Cobb's, motion,
resulted in—yeas 55, nays 107, as follows:
YEAS -Messrs Atkinson. Barrmger, Belser, Benton,
Bidlack, James A. Black, Blackwell, Brodhcad, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, f atlm, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
V. Chapman, Chappcll, Clmgman, Cobb, Coles. Cullom,
Daniel, John W. I>a\is, Deberry, Dickinson. Dillingham,
Dronigoole, Hale. Haralson, Herrick, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geoige W
Jon< s, Lewi*;, Lucas, ilcKa; , iVewton, Norris, Parmenter,
Payne, Purdy. Daviil S. lieid, Reding, Rhett. Roberts,
Thomas H. Seymour, Simpson, Stiles,Taylor, Thompson]
Wheaton, Williams, Woodwaid, and Yost—-V>.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot. Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard,
James Black, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd. Jacob Brmkerhoffj
William J. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buflington, J. E. Gary'
Carroll, Can-sin, Clinch, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Dar-
rah, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davia. Dickey, Douglass,
Duncan, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot]
Frtnch, Biddings, Willis Green, Byiam Green, GrinneR
Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Henley, Hoge, Hubbell]
Hudson, Hughes, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James
B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jameson. Jenks, Per-
ley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedj, Preston King, Daniel
P. King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lyon, McCauslin, Mc-
Clelland, McCleraand, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mathews, Edward
J. Morris, Joseph Morns, Morse, Moseley, Owen, Pat-
terson, Pettit, Peyton, Phosnix, Elisha R. Potter, Emery
D. Potter, Pratt, Preston, Ramsey, Charles M. .Reed, Relfe,
Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Russell,
St. John, Sample, Sohenok, Senter, Severance, David L.
Seymour, Simons, Slidell, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, An-
drew Stewart, John Stewart, Stone, Strong, Summers,
Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter,
Vinton,gWeller, Wentworth, White, Winthrop, and William
Wright—107.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was lost.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF inquired whether it was
at this time in order to move to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER replied it was not then in or-
der.
Mr. STEENROD inquired of the Chair, if the
question of engrossment should prevail, whether the
previous question would not then be exhausted, and
whether it would not then be in order to move to re-
commit the bill.
The SPEAKER said that the previous question
would be exhausted on taking the question on en-
grossment; and that it would then be in order to
move to recommit the bill.
Mr. STEENROD, amidst cries of "order, order,"
said that, in that case, he should vote for the engross-
ment of the bill, under a pledge of some of its friends
that it would be recommitted, to strike out the Illi-
nois river.
Mr. WELLER asked to be excused from voting'
on the bill as it now stands. lie said this bill makes
an appropriation to the improvement of the Illinois
river—a river running entirely within the limits of a.
single State, and could not, in his opinion, be regard-
ed as an improvement of a general nature.
Mr. WHITE rose to a question of order. The
reasons assigned by the gentleman from Ohio were
very good reasons why he should vote against the
engrossment, but not sufficient reasons for excusing
him from voting.
Mr. WELLER said that, whether his reasons
were satisfactory to the gentleman or not, they
were his reasons, and it was for the House to
judge whether they were sufficient.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order, and
said that the rule provided that a gentleman desiring
to be excused from voting, should give a brief state-
ment of his reasons. Now it was impossible for
the Chair to know what a gentleman's reasons
might be, till he heard them.
Mr. WELLER continued. He had stated that
this work was of a local character, and, aside from
the want of constitutional power—which may well
be questioned—he believed that an appropriation
made to such works, of a local character, would
lead to a system of corrupt, log-rolling legislation,
which would eventually increase the expenditures
of the government, so as to produce a necessity for
direct taxation. No duties upon imports could ever
sustain the expenditures produced by such a sys-
tem. If money be appropriated from the federal
treasury to the Illinois, hundreds of other rivers in
the country, equally important, would demand ap-
propriations. He therefore believed that if such
local works were to be sustained by the general gov-
ernment, direct taxation was the inevitable result.
If in this view he voted for the bill, he sanctioned
an appropriation establishing a most dangerous pre-
cedent. If he voted against it, he would be repre-
sented as unfriendly to the other improvements em-
braced in the bill. He was anxious to have given
his support to the other items in the bill, but. as he
found them in bad company, he was compelled to
go against the whole. He regretted the necessity
which compelled liim to do this.
The SPEAKER rose, arid was putting the quee-
tion on the motion to excuse the gentleman from
Ohio, when
Mr. WHITE called for tellers.
Mr. WELLER said, to save the House so much
trouble, he would withdraw his motion.
Mr. DOUGLASS also asked to be excused from
voting, and proposed to state the reasons. The reasons
why lie asked to be erased from voting, were the
reverse of those given by the gentleman from Ohio,
who said the river Illinois was in this bill, and be-
cause it was, he could not vote for it.
Mr. C. JOHNSON raised a point of order. The
gentleman from Illinois, in giving his reasons for
being excused, had no right to go into an argument
in reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. f. SMITH inquired if the House excused
the gentleman from Illinois, whether it would not be
a prohibition of his voting.
