CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Sufficient unto the day
Some member observed:
is the evil thereof."
Mr. DOUGLASS said he understood, when the
gentleman from Ohio rose to give his reasons for
being excused, the Speaker decided that the Chair
could not anticipate what excuse the gentleman was
about to urge, and the gentleman from Ohio went
on to state that the retention of the Illinois in that
bill would go to the exhausting of the treasury of
the country, and to the infliction of difeet taxation;
and in doing this he was permitted to go on, and
his friend from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] had not
deemed it necessary to call him to order, nor to sup-
port him (Mr. Douglass) in calling that gentleman
to order. The gentleman from Ohio, a few days
since, moved to insert an amendment to appropriate
$100,000 for the Cumberland road, never dreaming
then that he was driving this government to the
adoption of a system which would lead to the im-
position of direct taxes.
He had another word to say to the gentleman
from Ohio: they well understood themselves, and
had entered into a combination by which the ap-
propriation for the upper Ohio had been doubled;
and having done that, they got some of the Indiana
members to go with them, and moved to strike out
the Illinois river; and why? Because they had got
a canal running to the lakes from the river, and they
well knew that if the Illinois river was improved,
and their canal was completed, it would take the
entire business in that direction: and for pitiful local
jealousies of a superior work, they were willing to
oppose the appropriation for. the Illinois river.
Mr. WELLER desired the gentleman to sav,
when he spoke of a combination of Ohio members,
if he had any allusion to him.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he did not know that the
gentleman from Ohio was at that meeting.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS remarked that the gentleman
from Illinois had alluded to members from Indiana,
and he desired to know if that gentleman had any
allusion to him.
Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. BELSER, Mr. DOUG-
LASS, and others made remarks, which were not
heard in the confusion and excitement that pre
vailed.
Mr. J. W. DAYIS resumed, and remarked that
all he had to say was, if the gentleman alluded to
him, that it was unqualifiedly false.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
required the members to take their seats; and then
suggested to the gentleman from Illinois that the
rules prescribed a very narrow limit of remark un-
der such circumstances; and he submitted to that
gentleman the propriety of adhering to the course
prescribed by the rules.
Some conversation was continued by Messrs.
BELSER, DOUGLASS, and DAYIS, and mutual
explanations were made.
Mr. DOUGLASS then resumed his remarks; and
after a few observations, he withdrew the motion to
be excused from voting.
A very irregular discussion followed, in which
Messrs. SCHENCK, WELLER, BRINKER-
HOFF, VANCE, CAVE JOHNSON, and many
others participated; many of the gentlemen dis-
avowing all knowledge of such a meeting as that
alluded to by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. SCHENCK having originated this debate by
moving to be excused from voting, now withdrew
that motion.
Mr. BELSER rose to a question of order, and
contended that the gentleman could not withdraw
his motion. «
The SPEAKER decided that the motion was
withdrawn.
Mr. BELSER appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The question was then taken on the appeal, and
resulted in sustaining the decision of the Chair.
The question recurring on the engrossment of the
bill,
Mr. McDOWELL moved to be excused from
voting on the same, and desired to assign briefly ins
reasons for submitting his motion. He was as anx-
ious as any gentleman here to appropriate the
amounts named in the bill for the improvement of
the navigation of the Ohio and Misssissippi rivers;
and would to-day, or any other day of this session,
vote for a bill to effect this object; hut he could not
consent to vote for a bill that embraced appropri-
ations for such rivers as the Illinois. His opposition
rested upon the effects that would result from the
adoption of such a policy; for if we appropriated
fiioney to the Illinois river, there are hundreds of
rivers that empty into the Ohio and.Mississippi that
have equal claim upon Congress; and if we are to
give to all such the amounts they may require, we
must resort to direct taxation to carry it on, and ul-
timately render the government bankrupt, and grind
thepeople into dust.
The question was put on excusing Mr. McDow-
ell from voting; and decided in the affirmative.
The question was then put on the engrossment of
the bill, and decided in the negative—yfets 86, nays
102, as folloVs:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard, Bowlin,
Jacob Brinkerhofl', Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Carroll,
Causin, Clinch, Collamer, Cranston, Darrah, Garrett Davis,
Dellet, Dickey, Douglass, Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot,
Foster, French, Giddings, Willis Green, Byram Green,
Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hoge, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Inger-
soll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy,
Daniel P. King, Lyon. McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
Mathews, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Patterson,
Pettit, Peyton, Phosnix, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter,
Preston, Ramsey, Charles M. Roed, Relfe, Rockwell,
Rodney, Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck, Severance,
Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Steenrod,
Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wentwortli, Wethered,
"White, Wiuthrop, and William Wright—8G.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Barringer, Belser,
Benton, Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Black-
well, Boyd, Brengle, Brodhead, William J. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Jeremiah E. Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Clingman,
Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Richard D.
Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry, Dickinson, Dillingham,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee, Hale, Haralson,
Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hub-
bell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
Preston King, Kirkpatricic, Lahranche, Lewis, Lucas, Mc-
Causlen, Maclay, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Joseph
Morris, Newton, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pratt,
Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Rhett, Ititter,
Roberts, Robinson, Russell, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Spence, Stet-
son, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Stiong, Summers, Taylor,
Thompson, Weller, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward, Joseph
A. Wright, and Yost—102.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote just passed, and said his object was to give
those gentleman who manifested much attachment
to the bill with certain modifications a chance to
have those modifications by reconsidering and re-
committing the bill. He had voted for the bill just
lost, and had done all he could to pass it. He was
now willing to try it in a new shape. He saw his
friend from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] trying to get the
floor, and he cheerfully yielded it to him.
Mr. DUNCAN moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and observed that he had no wish that that
question should be taken now. He merely wished
the motion entered; and the question might be taken
two or three days hencc.
The SPEAKER said that the motion for recon-
sideration was the first subject before the House,
and must be taken at once, unless postponed by a
vote of the House.
Mr. WHITE insisted on taking the question at
once.
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF said he supposed that
the previous question had been exhausted on the
question of engrossment; and that, if the vote
should be reconsidered, it would be in order to move
to recommit the bill. He therefore moved the pre-
vious question on the reconsideration.
Mr. SCHENCK claimed the floor, and made
some remarks to show that he had a right to it be-
fore the gentleman from Ohio rose to move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. DUNCAN said he had never yielded the
floor to either of the gentlemen, except, for purposes
of explanation, to his colleague nearest him, [Mr. J.
Brinkerhoff;] and his colleague was out of order
when he moved the previous questien.
The SPEAKER remarked to the gentleman from
Ohio that, if the reconsideration prevailed under the
previous question, it would place the bill just where
it stood before the question on its engrossment was
rejected—i. e., with that question pending, and the
previous question attached to it.
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF said, in that case, he
withdrew the call for the previous question.
Mr. DUNCAN said that his colleague had no
right to make the call for the previous question, not
being entitled to the floor to do it, and consequently
his withdrawal ofit was unnecessary.
He had moved the reconsideration of the bill,
because he objected to one appropriation in it which
he thought unconstitutional. He was in favor of all
the appropriations except the one for the Illinois
river, and for this reason he wished the bill to be
recommitted, so as to have that appropriation strick-
en out. He did not wish to have that afipropna
tion in the bill, because it was at war with every
principle of the democratic party. The American
people had settled that question, and Iiad decided
that they would not sanction such appropriations
for local objects. For proof of this assertion he
wouid refer to the approval given by the people to
the veto of the Maysville road bill, and the Wabasli
bill too, in which this question was well settled.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] had
charge'! that there was a combination of Ohio and
Indiana members to defeat the appropriation for the
Illinois river, and to double that for the Ohio river.
He had charity enough ftr the gentleman to suppose
that he spoke without reflection—'from the heat of
debate, and that in his cooler moments he would re- .
gret making such a charge. He klisw nothing of
such a combination. He was not one of them, and
thought he had a right to speak for the rest of the
Ohio delegation, and say that they were equally
ignorant of any such combination.
Mr. DOUGLASS asked leave to explain. When
he spoke of a combination among certain western,
members, he did not mean to include the whole dele-
gation from Ohip and Indiana, nor the whole dele-
gation of any State. What he meant to say was,
he had been informed (and he had no doubt of the
truth of the information) that a meeting had been
held of certain western members, at which the Illi-
nois members were not present, and at which meet-
ing it was agreed upon to double the amount of the
aapropriation for the Ohio river, and stfike out that
for the Illinois. He stated this on the authority of
a gentleman who was present.
Mr. VINTON said he felt called upon to state
that there was a meeting of western members, at
which he was present, and at which the appro-
priations for the western rivers became the sub-
ject of conversation. There was no agreement
there, either in relation to the Ohio river, nor to
strike out the appropriation for the Illinois
river. Gentlemen who were present at the meeting
expressed their apprehensions that appropriations
for the Illinois and Wabash rivers wsuld defeat the
bill; but there was no agreement mads to strike them
out. As a proof of this fact, he would state that he
voted for the appropriations for both these rivers. .
Mr. DUNCAN yielded to Mr. VANCE and
Mr. THOMAS SMITH to make explanations.
Mr. SAMPLE also obtained permission to eX'
plain—having been present at the meeting which
had caused so much excitement in this hall.
Mr. HARPER and Mr. TIBBATTS also ex-
plained; and some further remarks were tnade by
Mr. DOUGLASS and Mr. OWEN.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked of his friend from
Ohio [Mr. Duncan] permission to make a remark.
Mr. DUNCAN yielding for that purpose,
Mr. McCLERNAND proceeded to say that the
House had got into a controversy about a matter
wholly irrelevant to the subject under consideration.
He thought this controversy personal in its charac-
ter, and foolish in its object, and had progressed for
enough—in fact, much too far. He was not prepar-
ed to justify all that his colleague [Mr. Douglass]
had said, in the course of the controversy. Doubt-
less much that he had said proceeded from excite-
ment; yet he could not less justify the repeated, un-
friendly allusions which had been made to him.
The course pursued towards him seemed rather per-
sonal, and calculated, even if not intended, to hunt
him down. He hoped the controversy would end
at this point, and that the scene progressing—which
was better adapted for laughter and ridicule than
for any useful purpose—would no longer be toler-
ated.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he felt able to take care of
himself; and he had no fear of the "hunters," indi-
vidually or collectively.
Mr. HOLMES quoted a stanza of one of Watts's
hymns, which set forth, in pious strains, how im-
proper and naughty it was that "children of on«
family" should "fall out, and chide, and fight."
Mr. McCLERNAND asked his friend from Ohio
[Mr. Duncan] again to yield the floor, that he might
reply, in a word, to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] The floor being yielded, he said that he
was informed by a friend that Mr. S. had allu-
ded to him as not being present when the bill under
consideration was voted upon. He wished to say
to that gentleman that this was' a matter of no con-
cern lo him. That gentleman would have no diffi-
culty in finding him at any time, or for any purpose,
whenever he desired it. As for the bill, it had been
so perverted, distorted, and drugged, that he, for
