$36
CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.
-one, could not assent to it. When remodeled, so as
to correspond with propriety, justice, and equality,
lie would cordially assent to it.
Mr. DUNCAN then proceeded to address the
House—having but five minutes left, before he
should be compelled to give way for some special
business. He said he was about, when he was ar-
rested, to make an explanation why he voted against
this bill, |and movea a reconsideration. He was
about to show that it had been the policy of the
democratic party to oppose appropriations of this
-character; for this purpose and this policy had been
adopted on constitutional grounds, and in the belief
that there was no such power vested in the federal
government. He did not say that he was opposed
to it because General Jackson was opposed to it.
He was as independent as any gentleman on that
floor in his judgment of such matters; and the Amer-
ican people at the ballot-box had approved of that
policy, for General Jackson vetoed the Maysville
road bill when he was a candidate for re-election, by
•which, by-the-by, he showed a moral and political
firmness which he (Mr. D.) would like to see imita-
ted by some other gentlemen.
The SPEAKER announced the arrival of the
hour of 3 o'clock; and the gentleman from Ohio was
cut short in his remarks.
PRESENTATION OF GENERAL WASHINGTON'S
CAMP CHEST.
Mr. ADAMS rose, and said that, in" compliance
■with one of the clauses of the last will and testa-
ment of William Sydney Winder, a distinguished
citizen of the State of Maryland, now no more, he
rose to present to this House, and through this
House to the Congress of the United States, the
camp chest of General George Washington, which
lie used during the revolutionary war. As his war-
rant for presenting himself to the House for the
performance of this service, he had sent to the
Clerk's table, and requested him to read, a few doc-
uments, giving a history of the article presented to
the House, and explanatory of his agency in the
matter.
The Clerk then proceeded to read—
1. A letter from the Hon. John Wethered, a mem-
ber of the House from the State of Maryland.
2. An extract from the last will and testament of
the late Mr. Winder.
3. A letter dictated by Mr. Winder on his death-
bed, but not signed by nim.
4. A letter from Miss Winder, daughter of the
deceased, authenticating the letter of her father; and
5. A letter from Colonel Henry Maynadier, who
had purchased the chest at the sale of Gen. Wash-
ington's effects at Mount Vermon, and presented it
to Gov. Winder, the father of the testator.
Mr. ADAMS observed that, at the last session of
"Congress, it was his fortune to offer the resolution
■of acceptance of the sword .of the father of his coun-
try, together with the staff bequeathed to him by
iiis compatriot statesman and friend, Franklin,
which was presented to the House by Samuel S.
Washington, of Virginia. This was probably the
inducement of the late Mr. Winder to devolve on
him the welcome honor of presenting this additional
rehc of the great and good champion of our coun-
try's freedom and glory. The donor of these relics
was then living, and the House thought proper to
join with the Senate in a unanimous vote of thanks
to him for them. In this case the donor was no
longer in the land of the living; lie was beyond the
reach of praises or blame fiom his fellow-citizens;
his heart could beat 110 more in sympathy with
those to whom love of country, from the cradle to
the grave, was the ruling passion. That he pos-
sessed this feeling in the fullest extent, was abun-
dantly proved by this bequest—the last act of his
life—and by the letter written by him on his death-
bed, the signature of which was suspended by the
angel of death wresting the pen from his hand—
testimonials stronger than any human lan-
guage. The thanks of the House could not
be presented to him; but to his disconsolate
companion the thanks of the House, together with
the manner in which the bequest was received,
■would carry soothing to her bosom. In presenting
the sword of Washington, a profound and sublime
lesson of national and individual morality, associated
with a pure and lofty patriotism, was given to his
countrymen of this and future ages. It would be
recollected that in bequeathing his swords to his
nephews, Washington directed them never to un-
fcbeath them for the purpose of shedding blood, ex-
cept in defence of their country, or of themselves;
and in the latter case, to keep them in their hands,
and fall with them, rather than surrender them. The
use and vocation of the sword was the shedding of
blood. Far different was the use of the imple-
ment now offered to the House. The sword,
was the instrument of destruction; this was
intended to supply the wants of physical na-
ture, and for the preservation of man's life.
It was also useful for dispensing to others the good
offices of friendship, and the sacred rights of hospi-
tality. To all these purposes this identical camp f
chest and its contents had been frequently put, in
the times that tried the souls of men and of women.
Mr. A. here sent to the Clerk's table a letter pub-
lished by the Historical Society of New York, dated
West Point, August 16, 1777, inviting some ladies
to dine with him, and giving a playful description ot
his bill of fare. This letter being read,
Mr. ADAMS concluded by offering a joint reso-
lution that the camp chest be accepted; and that the
thanks, together with the condolence of the two
Houses of Congress, be presented to the widow of
Col. Winder.
Mr. WETHERED observed that, in seconding the
resolutions offered by the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, he took the occasion to say that the
devisor of this relic, the late Mr. Winder, was his
intimate friend; that he commanded the respect of all
who knew him; and that his voice had been heard in
the legislature of his native State, where he was dis-
tinguished for the fidelity with which he discharged
his duties. This camp chest was inherited by him
from his father, Governor Winder, to whom it had
been presented by Colonel Maynadier, his brother
officer, who purchased it at the sale at Mount Vernon,
shortly after General Washington's death. Gov-
ernor Winder was the one who, ion the 4th of July,
1815, laid the corner stone of the Washington mon-
ument in the city of Baltimore.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY then offered a few remarks,
recapitulating briefly the history of the relic, and
bearing his testimony in favor of the high character
of Mr. Winder. Mr. K. concluded with a warm
eulogy on the patriotism and services of Mr. Adams.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By The SPEAKER: The petition of Melinda Martin
Colesviiie, New York, praying that the law making it an
oftence to write upon the max gin of a newspaper, sent
through the mini may he repealed.
By Mr. I'HCENIX: The memorial of the Chamber of Cem-
merce oi New York, praying for the establishment of a
branch of tile United States mint in the city of New York.
By Mr. A. STEWART: Four memorials, signed by many
citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any change
in the tariff policy of the country, and deprecating the pas-
sage ofthe tarift' reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, as ruinous to the best interests of the country.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition of Simon Rulther tor an in-
crease of pension.
By^Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of Samuel Heffnor, Benj
Woitinger. James Bantam, and numerous other citr/en* of
Schu) Ikill county, Pennsylvania, protesting against any in-
terference with the tarlH of 1^'U.
By Mr. BLACKWELL: The petition of John Halioway,
asking to be placed on the invalid pension fist.
By Mi. ROCKWELL: The memorial of U7 citizens of
Otis, Massachusetts, for reduction of the rates of postage,
and for the abolition or modiiication of the flanking privi-
lege.
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: The memorial of a com-
mittee appointed at a public meeting of the citizens of Ephra-
ta, Lancaster conuty, Pennsylvania, respectlully setting
forth, that in the fail ol 1777, immediately atter the battle of
Biandywlne, about the hundred sick and wounded soldieis
were brought fiom the American army to Eplnata. and
placed m buildings fitted up as hospitals lor their reception
b) the Society ol Seventh day Baptists oi the village. That
dmmg the following wintei, abonttwo hundred of them
died, and \\ ere buried on thft summit of a hill called Mt.
/ion, m the vicinity, which is about one hundred feet highi
commanding an extensive view oi the surrounding country
for many miles, that tins hill is mtnv overgrown w ith thorns
and brambles, and that these memorialists humbly pray
your honorabiafbodies to grant them a small appropriation
to assist them in finishing a suitable monument, (which
the cituens liav e already begun) to the memories of the
dead.
By Mi. RAMSEY. The petition of Samuel Alexander,
Geoige Bent, and numerous other citizens of Pennsylvania
praying Congress to restore the loin companies of horse
artiileiy now in service, to a peace establishment of one
hundred men rank and file. Also, petition oi J. P. Lyne,
Joseph Wiley, and numerous other citizens of Pennsylvania!
of a like import with the foregoing. Also, petition of \vm.
A. Porter, A. Hendel, and others, citizens of Pennsylvania^
of a like import with the foregoing: referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Correction.—It was incorrectly stated in our report of
yesterday's proceedings, that on motion of Mr. Cave John-
son the committee was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the Cherokee memorial. The motion was made
to print the documents, which was the order made by the
House.
-The following resolution offered yesterday by
Mr. A. Dodge, Was accidently omitted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this House why the sum of $40,000. appro-
priated at the last session of Congress to Jeremiah Smith,
jr., has not-bfeen paid to him; and whether any further, and,
if so, what action will be necessary on the part of Congress
to enable said Smith to draw his money.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 19, 1844.
Mr BREESE presented a memorial from Luther A.
Bowenand3o other citizens, of Carroll county, Illinois,
praying for an appropriation to improve the navigation of
the Upper Mississippi river, referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from a few citizens
of Loudon county, Virginia, remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas, on the grounds, among others, that the
admission of a foreign State into this Union was never coi>
templated by the framers of the constitution; and that there
is no power in the federal government to enter into such a
contract: referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from Alexander
S. Trueman and 36 others, inhabitants of Pennsylvania,
against the ratification of any treaty for the annexation of
Texas to the United States: referred to the Committee an
Foreign Relations.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of the friends ofthe
present tarin', without distinction of party, held at Reading, ,
Berks county, Pennsylvania, at which were adopted strong;
resolutions against the passage of the bill of the House or
Representatives for the modification of the present tariff,
and urge Congress not to pass it: referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a communication from Wil-
liam A. Palmer, on the subject of a mail route from Jones-
borough to East Machias; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from citizens
of Pennsylvania, expressing a favorable opinion of the pres-
ent tariff law, and praying Congress to abstain from all
legislation on the subject: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from John M.
Stevenson, jr. and fourteen other citizens of Adams county,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas: referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the proceedings of a meeting held
at Painesville, Lake county, Ohio, at,which resolutions
were adopted against the annexation of Texas to the Union,
and expressing the opinion that there is no constitutional
power m the executive to make, or in the Senate to ratify,
such a treaty: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petition from Mary Sar-
geant, (formerly Mary Howe,) of Mansfield, in the county of
Tolland. Connecticut, (sister and heir at law of Dr. Solomon
Howe, a surgeon in the revolution,) asking for seven
years' half pay: referred to the Committee on Revolutiona-
ry Claims.
Mr. "WALKER presented a memorial from Orville Ander-
son and sixty-one other citizens of the county of Carroll,
Virginia, (styling themselves as belonging to both the great
political parties in the country,) m favor of the reannexa-
tion of Texas to the Union: referred to the Committee on
Foieign Relations.
Mr. WHITE presented two remonstrances of citizens of
Indiana, against the annexation of Texas to the Union: re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
•*- Mr. W., from the Committee on Indian Affairs, made an
adverse report, which was ordered to be printed, on the me-
morial of a number of chiels and head men and others ofthe
Shawnee Indians, praying that provision may be made for
the payment oi a draft drawn by them on the trust fund pro-
vided foi them by the treaty of August 8, 1831.
Mr. ATHE11TON, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, repoited back, without amendment, the
joint resolution from the Hou«e directing the Auditor of
the Post Office Department to inquire as to the contract of
Saltmaish and Overton with the Post Office Department.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval A flails,
made an adverse report, which was ordered to be printed,
on the petition of Benjamin R. Tin^lar, asking compensa-
tion for serv ices performed as lleet surgeon
Mr HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on Commerce,
to w hich \\ as referred a memorial of citizens of Eastport.
Maine, praying that the privilege of drawback may be al-
lowed at the several poits uf tiieir district, reported a bill
relating to the port of entry in the district of Passamaquod-
d\, in the State of Maine, which u as read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr MP.RR1CK. from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported back, with amendments, the bill
for the relief of William De Buys, late postmaster at New
Oileans.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the adverse report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs in the case of Julia L. Weed,
the widow of Elijah J. Weed, was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Naval Allans, w ith new evidence.
The bill for the purch e of certain copies of the History
of Oregon, California, ana the other territories on the noith
and west coast of North America was read the third time
and ,passed.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the Chair was authorized to
fill the vacancy on the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, occasioned by the resienation of Mr. Ki.yg, of Alabama;
and
Mr. HUNTINGTON made a similar motion, which was
agreed to, with reference to the Committee on Commerce.
Several adverse reports of the standing committees, on
private claims, were taken up and concurred in by the Sen-
ate.
The joint resolution from the House, providing for the
printing of additional copies of the journals of Congress and
