C85
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
42d parallel of north latitude, is recognised and es-
tablished, and placcd beyond the power of further
controversy. Texas, then, as recognised by us by
solemn treaty, is not the land of sun and flowers as
described by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben
ton,] and bounded by the Red river and the Nueces,
but is admitted in our treaty to run from the Sabine
along oar whole western boundary to latitude 42°;
and thence along that parallel until it meets and in-
tersects the line running due,jiorth from the source
of the del Norte. W.fcen we consider, also, that
this was the boundary described in the organic act
of Texas of 1836, before referred to; that this was
the law which fixed the del Norte as the boundary,
and authorized the treaty to be made with the United
States only according to the boundary line as therein
described, the matter is placed beyond all question,
and the organic law of Texas is admitted by the
United States; and against this treaty and boundary,
although published and proclaimed at the time,
Mexico has never protested, but, by her long silence
for more than five years, from 1838 until 1843, has
fully acquiesced.
When we look, also, at the terms of the treaty of
3803, by which we acquired Texas to the Del Norte,
the case is one not merely of rearmexation, and of a
restoration of our ancient boundary, but it becomes an
obligation of honor and of conscience which we can-
not disregard, without violating the faith of treaties,
and refusing to fulfil the most solemn and sacred
pledges ever given by the government of the Union.
That treaty declares:
"The inhabitants of the ceded teiritory shall be incorpora
tort into the Urnon of the United States, and admitted as soon as
possible, accoidmg to the principles of the federal constitu-
tion, to the enjoyment of nil the rights, advantages, and im-
munities ofc/Uzen? of 'he United Stutu,; and in the mean tune
they shall be protected m the free enjoyment of then liber-
ty, property, and the religion which they profess."
llerc is our solemn pledge to France, and to the
people of Texas, that, as soon as possible, they
4,shall be incorporated in the Union of the United
States;" "and, ni the meantime, they shall be pro-
t< r^d," &c. Here is a clear compact, not to trans-
1' -• Texas or the people of Texas to any foreign
)i. wer, but to incorporate them into the Union, and
pjM-ect them in all their rights as citizens of the
(1 mred States. But it is said this treaty has been re-
scinded by a subsequent compact, nut with Prance,
but with Spain and Mexico. Now, the. rule of the
low of nations on this subject is thus laid down by
Vattel, page 19G, sec. 1G.>:
•'A sovereign already bound by a treaty cannot enter into
others ronfraty to the jirst. The things respecting w hich he
ha* entered into engagements are no longer at his dis>pos?l.
It it happens that a po's'erior treat) be found, in any partic-
ular point, to cLi-h with one of more ancient date, the new
tieoU i* null tni<i void with respect to that point, inasmuch
as> it tends to dispose of a thing that is no longer in the pow-
er of bun who nppe.as to dipose of if'
The treaties, then, with Spain and Mexico, by
which Texas was surrendered, without the consent
either of Wince or of the people of Texas, were,
most clearly, absolute nullities, being violative of
faitli of preunus treaties, and forbidden by the law
of nations. Hut it is said the people of Texas are
estopped, by our acknowledgment of their inde-
pendence, from claiming the benefit of this treaty.
But the ueaty is with France, who has never re-
leased us; and as to the estoppel claimed as against
the people of Texas, I will show that it would be
dishonorable to internose any such plea. By the
treaty of 1R03, we were bound to receive into the
Union the people of Texas, and to protect them as
citizens. Most shamefully did we neglect this sol-
emn obligation; and, in defiance of it, ceded Texas
and its people to Spain in 1819, and confirmed the
cession to Mexico in 1828. Instead of admitting
into the Union and protecting the people of Texas,
we abandoned and deserted them, until, on the 21st
April, 383C, they established their independence.
And what was their first act5 Why, by an almost
unanimous vote, to ask readmission into the Union.
In pursuance of this vote the following resolution
was adopted by Texas, on the 16th November,
1336:
"Joint resolution for sending a minister to the United States.
"Whereas the good people of Texas, in accordance with
a pioclamation of his Kxcelleiie) 1). G. Burnet. President
ad interim of the republic, did. on the first Monday of Sep-
tember last past, at an election held for President, Vice-
President, Senators, and Representatives of Congress, vote
to be annexed to the United States of Amcrica, w ith an una-
nimity unparalleled in the annals of the elective franchise,
only ninety-three of the whole population voting against
it:
" Bp it therefore resolred hy the Senate and JJoitse of Repre-
sentatives of the Republic of Texas in Con^ress assembled,
That the President be, and he is, authorized and requested
fu de-patch forthwith, to the government of the United
States of America, a minister vested with ample and plenary
power to enter into negotiations and treaties with the United
States government tor the reco°mtion of the independence of
Texas, and for an immediate annexation to the United Slates,
a inedsuie lequired by the utmost unanimous voice of the
people of Texas, and tully concurred in by the present Con-
gress.
"SAM. HOUSTON, President.
"Approved, Nov. 16, 1836."
Referring to this very resolution, Gen. Jackson,
in his message ofDecember following, says:
"The title of Texas to the territory she claims, is identi-
fied with her independence She asks us to acknowledge
that title to the territory with an a\owed design to treat
immediately of its transfer to the United States."
Such was the state of the case when we recog-
nised the independence of Texas, and such the im-
plied pledge of annexation under which we made
the recognition. Texas applies to us to recognise
her independence, in order that, as the result of such
recognition, she may be immediately annexed to the
United States. We grant the recognition, and now
is it either just or honorable to say that Texas is
thereby estopped from demanding her right to be
admitted into the Union under the solemn obligation
and plighted faith of the treaty of 1803. No, Mr.
President; the recognition, under these circumstan-
ces, so far from absolving us from the sacred pledges
of the treaty of 1803, superadded to that treaty an-
other and renewed obligation to admit the people of
Texas into the Union. It was for this purpose, and
to enable you at once to perform the obligations of
that treaty, that the recognition was desired by
Texas, and immediately thereafter she requested to
be admitted into the Union; and now, that you should
make the recognition, under such circumstances, an
estoppel to her rights under the treaty of 1803,
would be a perversion of every principle of honor,
truth, and justice. The question, then, of reannexa-
tion is a question of honor and good faith. We
bound ouiselves, in 1803, to admit the people of
Texas into the Union. They have never released
us from that obligation. They ask that it may be
performed; and, if we would not trample upon their
rights, and upon the faith of treaties, and the obli-
gation of contracts, they will and must be admitted
into the Union.
My next position is, that the republic of Texas
has a perfect right to make this cession to the United
States. By the battle of San Jaunto she estab-
lished her independence. Alluding to this great
event, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
Senate, in a unanimous report of the 18th June,
1836, through Mr. Clay, as chairman, unani-
mously adopted by the Senate, declared that—
"The recent signal and splendid \ ictory in which that
portion of the Meue<in ormj which Was commanded by
General Santa Anna, the Picsident of the .Mexican govern-
ment. m person, \\ .i<. entnely overthrow n with unexampled
slaughter, compared with the inconsiderable loss on the
other side, put to flight and caphued, including among the
prisoner the Pic-ieent himself and his st<ift, may be con-
sidered as decisive of the ivdept vdenre of Teaai. '
The next step was the resolution offered by me
and adopted on the 2d March, 1837, being sanction-
ed by the votes of the senator from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] and the senator from Kentucky Mr. Clay:]
''Resolved, lliot the State of Texas having established
and maintained on independent government, capable ol per-
fouiung those duties, foreign and dome-tic, wluc h apper-
tain to independent go\einment«, and it appearing that
there i^ no longer any reasonable prospect ol the prosecu-
tion of the war by Mexico against said State, it is expedient
and proper, and m conformity with the law of nations, and
the practice of this government m like cases, that the inde-
pendent political existence of said State be acknowledged
by the government of the United States."
The same year, in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress for that purpose, a minister was sent by its to
the republic of Texas, and her independence fully
recognised. In the language of the President's
message, which, we have seen, was approved by
Mr. Van Buren—
"The title of Texas to the territory she claim? is identified
with her independence. She asks us to acknowledge that
title to the territory, with an avow ed design to treat imme-
diately of its transfer to the United States.-5
Well, we did recognise her independence, which
was identified with her title to the territory, and
we did thus acknowledge that title. A nd now, why
cannot Texas transfer a title which we admit to
be valid and perfect If, as we have conceded, the
title to the territory belongs to Texas, why can she
not transfer that which is her own? We have, however,
gone still farther in recognising the right of Texas to
the territory in question. On the 25th April, 1838,
there was formed with Texas a treaty of boundary,
in which her right to the tenitory was fully recog-
nised. This convention declared that "the trea-
ty of limits made and concluded on the 12th Jan-
uary, 1828, between the United States of America
on the one part, and the united Mexican States on
the other, is binding upon the republic of Texas, the
same having been entered into at a time when Texas
formed a part of the same united Mexican States;"
it was agreed to mark "the boundary between the
two countries as designated by the said treaty;"
and the right of "each of the contracting parties"
"to exercise jurisdiction" respectively on either
side of this boundary, was fully recognised. To
unite with a nation in recognising and establishing
its boundary, and conceding its rights of jurisdiction
over the territory within ihe designated limits, is to
admit, in the most solemn manner, the right of emi-
nent domain, which carries with it the right of ces-
sion and transfer. It wholly excludes any pretend-
ed claim of Mexico; for it conccdes and establish-
•s the line of limits, as the boundary, not of Mexi-
co, but ofTexas; and this was an act of the ndmin-
stration of Mr. Van Buren, and affirmed by the
Senate and Congress of the United States. If with
the consent of Texas, we can establish her bound-
aries, without the consent of Mexico, why can we
not, by a treaty with Texas, establish these as the
boundaries of the United States to the full extent of
the limits of the republic of Texas? This treaty of
boundaries was concluded, published, and proclaim-
ed in 1838; yet when has Mexico ever protested
against it? She has acquiesced in its provisions,
and is estopped from denying the rights of either of
the contracting parties to enter into such compacts.
If the territory composing the republic ofTexas be-
longs to Mexico, or she has any title which was
unextinguished in 1838 to that territory, or any por-
tion of it, then the treaty in question of that date
was an outrage upon the rights of Mexico, quite as
flagrant as the tieaty of reannexation at this period.
On the fjtli July, 1838, the administration of Mr.
Van Buren concluded another treaty with the re-
public ofTexas, by virtue of which certain indem-
nities were paid by that nation to citizens of the
United States.
England, Prance, and Holland, have also all con-
cluded tie;>Ues with the republic of Texas, fully re-
cognizing her independence; and in perfect and irrec-
oncilable conflict with any supposed right to that
territory on the pait of Mexico. Great Britain also,
through her diplomatic representative, has most
fully recognised the right of Texas to the soil and
eminent domain, and called upon her to confirm to
her subjects large grants of public land, embracing
millions of acres extending to the very banks of the
Rio del Norte. But how can Texas make or per-
fect grants to the soil of the republic, unless her
right of territorial ownership and jurisdiction is
absolute and perfect? Now, if Texas can grant the
soil of the republic to British subjects, why can she
not transfer the soil and jurisdiction to the govern-
ment of the United States? And. England at least is
estopped from denying her right to make the transfer.
Independent power of all the sacets and treaties, I
now proceed to establish the right of Texas, as the
government de jure, as well as de facto, of that ter-
ritory- The present government of Mexico never
did exercise, and never had any right to exercise,
any athority over the republic ofTexas; and Texas
never was subjected to the dominion, and never did
at any time constitute a part, of the present govern-
ment of Mexico. It is the present government of
Mexico that claims a right to Texas; and if, as I
shall prove, this government never did exercise, and
never had any right to exercise, any jurisdiction, over
Texas, the question must be regarded as decided in
our favor. On the 4th October, 1824, was established
"the constitution of the Mexican United States,"
being a confederacy of sovereign States, in that re-
spect very nearly resembling our own. In this con-
stitution it was declared to be "federal," and that
"the parts of this federation are the States" &c. By
the last article of the constitution it was declared
that so much thereof as establishes "the form of
government," and "division of the supreme powers
of the federation, and of the Stoics, can never here-
formed."
Texas (together with Coahuila) was a State; and
her constitution, which was sanctioned by the Mex-
ican confederacy, declared that said State "is free
and independent of the other United Mexican.States,
and of every other foreign power and dominion;"
and that ""the sovereignty of the State resides origi-
nal ly and essentially m the general mass of the indi-
viduals who compose it." Whatever doubt, then,
may; exist in the minds of some, as to whether our
government is or is not a "federation," a league of sov-
ereign States, all such doubt in their case is removed
