May, 1844.
APPENDIX 'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Walker.
Senate,
by the express words of the constitution of Mexico,
Texas, together with Coahuila, was one of the sov-
ereign States of the Mexican federation; and in the
people of the State was admitted to reside the only
ultimate sovereignty. Her connexion with the Mex-
ican league was not as a province or a territory, but
as a free and sovereign State; and the revolution was
not made by, but against her. In 1834 and 1835
Santa Anna, at the head, not of the people, but of a
mercenary army, overthrew the Mexican constitu-
tion and federation of 1824; drove the Congress of
Mexico and the legislature of Texas and Coahuila,
at the point of the bayonet, out of the halls of legis-
lation. The people of Zacetecas, of Coahuila, and
other States, resisted, but were overthrown; and this
daring usurper, having annihilated the States by a
military edict, and decreed a generaL disarming of
the people, proceeded to execute the decree in
Texas, and reduce her from a free and sovereign
state of a republican federation, to a mere subject
department of a central despotism. War was made
upon the people of Texas. They resisted; and, by
a council of deputies of the people, established a
provisional government; which, on the 7th Novem-
ber, 1835, issued the following manifesto:
"Whereas General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, and
other military chieftains, have, by force of arms, overthrown
the federal constitution of Mexico, and dissolved" the social
compact which existed between Texas and the other mem-
bers of the confederacy, now the good people of Texas,
availing themselves of their natural right, solemnly de-
clare—
"First. That they have taken up arms in defence of their
rights and liberties, which were threatened by encroach-
ments of military despots, and in defence of the repub-
lican principles of the federal constitution of Mexico of
1824.
"Second That Texas is no longer morally or civilly
bound by the compact of union; yet, stimulated by the gen-
erosity and sympathy common to a free people, they offer
their support and assistance to such of the members„of the
Mexican confederacy as will take up arms against military
despotism.
"Third That they do not acknowledge that the pres-
ent authorities of the present nominal Mexican republic
have the right to govern within the limits of Texas.
"Fourth. That they will not cease to carry on war against
the said authorities, whilst their troops are in the limits of
Texas.
"Fifth. That thej-hold it to be their right, during the disor-
ganization of the federal system, and the reign of despotism,
to withdraw from the union, to establish anindependent gov-
ernment, or to adopt such measures as they may deem best
calculated to protect their rights and liberties; but that they
will continue faithful to the Mcxiean government so long
as that nation is governed by the constitution and laws that
were framed for the government of the political associa-
tion."
The war was immediately prosecuted by Santa
Anna on the people of Texas. On his part, it was
a war of conquest, carried on by a military usurper,
against the constitution he had sworn to support,
and against the people of Texas; whilst on their
part, it was a war in defence of the constitution, and
of their rights and liberties so solemnly guarantied.
The conflict progressed. The people of Texas were
successful; and the entire army of the invader, to-
gether with their leader, General Cos, were captured.
Another effort was then made by the people of Tex-
as to preserve the constitution of 1824; and in the
articles of capitulation of the 11th December, 1835,
it was stipulated among other things—
"That General Cos and his officers retire with their arms
and private property into the inter.or of the republic under
parole of honor that they will not, m any way, oppose the
re-establishment ol the federal constitution of 1824/'
Such was the second and final effort of the
people of Texas to preserve the constitution of 1824.
But the parole of honor of General Cos was most
shamefully violated, and he returned in company with
the military dictator himself, Santa Anna, at the head
of an army of eight thousand, avowing openly his
purpose of the indiscriminate slaughter of all who
resisted the reign of the usurper. Then, and not till
then, when all hopes of re-establishing the constitu-
tion of 1824 were utterly extinguished, did the peo-
ple of Texas, on the Qd March, 1836, by their del-
egates assembled in general convention at Washing-
ton, issue a declaration of independence, in which
they set forth—
"That the federal republican constitution of their country,
•which they have sworn to support, has no longer a substan-
tial existence, and the whole nature of thcirgovernment has
been forcibly changed, without their consent, from are-
strictive federative republic, composed of sovereign States,
to a consolidated, ccntral, and military despotism."
That when—
"Anarchy prevails, and civil society is dissolved in its
original elements, m such a crisis, the first law of nature, the
nWit of self-preservation, the inherent and inalienable right
ofthe people to appeal to first principles, and take their pa-
Jitical alhirs in their own hands, &c."
After reciting a long train of grievances, far ex-
ceeding in enormity those detailed in our own dec-
laration of independence, they proceed to say:
"We thea took up arms in defence of our national consti-
tution. We appealed to our Mexican brethren for assist-
ance; our appeal has been made in ram; though months
have elapsed, no sympathetic response has yet been heard
from the interior. We are, therefore, forced to the melan-
choly conclusion, that the Mexican people have acquiesced
in the destruction of their liberty, and the substitution
therefor of a military governmenment; that they are unfit to
he free, and incapable of self-government.
"The necessity of sel-preservation, therefore, now de 
crees our eternal political separation.
"We, therefore, the delegates, with ■plenary powers of the peo-
ple of Texas, in solemn convention assembled, appealing to a
candid world for the necessities of our condition, do hereby re-
solve and declare, that our political connexion with the Mexi-
can nation has forever ended, and that the people of Texas do
now constitute a FREE, SOVEREIGN, AND INDEPEND-
ENT REPUBLIC; and are fully invested with all the rights
and attributes which properly belong to independent nations;
and conscious of the rectitude of our intentions, we fearlessly
and confidently submit the issue to the supreme arbiter of the
destines of nations
The appeal thus made was answered by a just and
overruling Providence; and the sanguinary dictator,
with his mercenary army, were overthrown and
captured on the 21st April, 1836; and there the con-
flict terminated, and has never been renewed: and
here let me call your attention to the important fact,
that the present government, the central despotism of
Mexico, never was the government, de facto or dejure,
of Texas, and never controlled its destinies or its
people for an instant of time. It never carried into
execution a law, or enforced an edict, within the lim-
its of Texas? It is not now, and never was, the gov-
ernment of Texas; and the people of Texas never
owed or rendered it any allegiance. Thp ease of
Texas is stonger than any that has ever occurred
in the history of nations—far stronger than that of
the then colonies in 177G. It was not a revolt against
an established government, but it was a successful
resistance to a most unrighteous effort to establish
over it the dominion of a military usurper and of a
central despotism. The present government of Tex-
as is the only subsisting government that has exer-
cised any jurisdiction over the people of Texas;
and the war carried against it was a war of conquest
and invasion, conducted by a government of
which it never constituted a part, which never ex-
ercised jurisdiction over it, and to which it never
owed any allegiance. It is conceded that the repub-
lic of Texas is a government de facto; but do not
these incidents clearly prove that it is a government
de jure—that is, a rightful government, founded upon
the will of a majority of the people, and established
by them as the only refuge from anarchy or despot-
ism? And who will deny the rightful authority of
such a government'
It may be questioned by the holy alliance—it may
denied by kings and despots—it may be denied by
those who assert the creed jure divino, and the im-
pious doctrine of the heaven-anointed authority of
kings; but no American can deny it without ex-
punging the principles of our own declaration of in-
dependence, and striking down our own republic
from the calendar of the nations of the world, and
reconverting these States into the subject colonies of
the British crown. Had the case of Texas even
been a revolt against an established government, it
would have been consecrated by the principles of
our own revolution, and the blood of the patriots by
whom it was maintained. The principle upon
which rests the whole fabric of our political institu-
tions is thus set forth in our declaration of inde-
pendence:
•'That governments are instituted among men deriving
their just powers from the consent of the governed; that
whenever any form of government becomes destructive of
these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it.
and to institute new government, laying its foundation on
such principles, and organizing its powers is such form, as
to them shall seem most likely to elSect their safety anil
happiness."
These principles, which constitute the sole foun-
dation of the whole structure of American liberty,
have been reaffirmed in the following words in the
constitutions of nearly every State in the Union:
"1. That all power is inherent in the people, and all free
governments are founded on their autherity, and instituted
for their peace, safety, and happiness, for the advancement
of those ends, they have at all times an unalienable and in-
defeasible right to alter, reform, or abolish, the government
in such manner as they rny think proper.
"2. That government being instituted for the common
benefit, the doctrine of non-resistance against arbitrary-
power and oppression is absurd, slavish, and destructive to
the good and happiness of mankind."
To deny, then, that Texas is a government de
jure, is to deny the right of revolution—a right, in
the language of the declaration of independence,
"inestimable to freemen and formidable to tyrants
only." It was the doctrine of the holy alliance, af-
firmed in the. Congress of Laybach and Vienna,
that governments only—and-not the people—can make
any change in their farm and administration; and this
is the doctrine, although not as yet openly avowed,
yet in truth maintained, by all who deny that Texas
is a government de jure. Such doctrines may suit
the taste and flatter the pride of kings and despots;
but on this continent they have found a grave on
the battlefields of the American revolution, and in
the crowning glories of Yorktownand San Jacinto. It
is with the deepest pain and mortification that I
have found this doctrine, as applicable to Texas,
distinguishing between a government de facto and
dejure, emanating from a source which I have long
been accustomed to respect. But let the doctrine
come from whom it may, a sacred duty compels me
to avow my solemn conviction that it is, as applied
to Texas, either wholly without meaning, or, if
it maintains the ground that Texas is not a govern-
ment as well dejure as de facto, that it is a doctrine
not only anti-American and anti-democratic, but
that it stands in absolute conflict with the fundament-
al principles of popular liberty and republican gov-
ernment. If the republic of Texas is not the right-
ful government of that people, what is? " It follows
by irresistible inference that Mexico is the rightful
government of Texas; that she owns the soil and
the people of that republic; that they are the sub-
jects of Santa Anna; and that a central despotism,
and a military usurpation, which never did exist
for an instant as the government de facto of Texas,
are paramount to the authority of the people of
Texas, and constitute the government de jure of
that republic. If Mexico is the government de jure
of Texas, the declaration of our independence is
false; the right of revolution is a heresy; and
the authority of the people to establish a free gov-
ernment, is fallacious and absurd. But if it be other-
wise, then Texas is a government de jure as well as
de facto-, and, as a sovereign and independent nation,
her right to enter into a union or alliance with this
or any other government, is perfect and complete,
and Mexico has no right to control her destiny, or
interfere with it in any respect whatever.
But the government of Mcxico, it is said, refuses to
acknowledge the independence of Texas. But Tex-
as was never dependent upon the present govern-
ment of Mexico, and her acknowledgment is wholly
unnecessary to establish the undoubted fact that
Texas is an independent government. But there is
said to be war between Texas and Mexico, and that
Mexico proposes to reduce Texas by force under
her dominion. Now, what are the facts? Since the
battle of San Jacinto, there has been no actual war
between Texas and Mexico, much less is there any
at this period. Throughout all this time Mexico
has exereised no jurisdiction in Texas, but Texas
herself has carried on all the operations of a free,
and independent nation. Her constitution, which,
was established on the 2d of March, 1836, has been
carried into full effect during all this period. All the
functions of a government, executive, legislative,
and judicial, have progressed in peace and harmony.
No internal treason disturbs her onward progress;
treaties of commerce and amity have been made
between her and this government, and the principal
powers of Europe. We have acknowledged her
boundaries, and recognised her independence in
every way as a government de faclo, as well as di
jure. But she is said to be at war with Mexico; but
where does this war exist? and what constitutes a
war? It is defined by Vattel to be "that state in
which we jtrosecuie our right by/orce." Now where
has this war existed between Texas and Mexico?
Is it upon the ocean? Why, her ports have never
been blockaded, her vessels have never been cap-
tured or assailed, and not a hostile vessel has landed
upon her shores. Is this conflict upon the land?
Why, from the battle of San Jacinto until 1842, more
than six years, not a battle was fought within her
limits, nor a hostile force marched within her bor-
ders. There were threats of invasion, but they
never were executed; there were paper bulletins, but
nothing more. Six years without a battle, without
an invasion, without a military array within her bor-
ders: is this war? It is a perversion of every dic-
tate of reason, and every principle of law, to call this
a war. Well, what took place in 1842? Why, not
an invasion, not an attempt at conquest, not a formi-
dable force marched within her limits, but three
marauding expeditions, composed chiefly of Ran-
cheros and Indians, making a sudden incursion into
the frontlets, not one of them remaining more than
