CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%$7
public documents, was taken up, read three several times,
«n<3 passed.
THE POSTAGE BILL VS. THE TARIFF.
Mr. MERRICK moved that the Senate resume the con-
sideration of the bill to reduce the rates of postage, to limit
the use and correct'the abuse of the franking privilege, and
for the prevention of frauds 011 the revenues of the Post Of-
fice ^Department. It was desirable (he said) that the bill
should be finally disposed of today. The bill had, accord-
ing to order, been printed as amended, and laid on the tables
of senators this morning. He presumed that they had ex-
amined its provisions, and were prepared to act.
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested to the honorable from Mary-
Ian, [Mr. Merick,] that this bill had just been laid on the
table. He had never read it, as amended, and if it had been
on the table ten minutes since it was printed, he was not
aware of that fact. He had not only no desire to postpone
this bill, but he was anxious that it sliould be discussed. He
would like, however, to have an opportunity of reading it
once, before it came before the Senate He understood yes-
terday that the senator from Alabama [Mr. Bagby] was to
have the floor at 1 o'clock to-day,on the question to postpone
the tariffbill ofthe aenatorfrom South Carolina, [Mr. MpDup-
i-je.J The Senate ought to have an opportunity to read this
bill, and he would be very glad, if the Senator from Maiy-
land would agree to aftord them that opportunity.
Mr. MERRICK was sorry his friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] had not read this bill. It had been on the
table for more than an hour, and he was sure his honorable
friend had read other bills in that space of time. It was
very desirable to him, (Mr. M.,) and no doubt to the whole
Senate,that this bill should be disposed of, while the discus-
sion which had been m progress for several days past was
fresh in the minds of senators. If there was any postpone-
ment of the subject to a distant day, the whole merits of the.
bill would have to be opened again, when it eame under
consideration. His honorable friend from Pennsylvania
would have an opportunity of looking into it, while before
the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN said it was now very nearly 1 o'clock, the
hour at which it was expected that the senator from Alaba-
ma [Mr. Bagby] would address the Senate on the tariff ques-
tion. He suggested to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, whether it would
not be better to let lie over, and take up the other business.
There was new matter embraced m the bill, as now printed,
which required some examination on the paitol" the Sen-
ate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped the Senate would proceed
with the post office bill. The other debate (the tariff) had
rather been indulged in as a matter of courtesy, than of
propriety, tfom the opinions expressed on every side,
there was every reason to think that a majority of the Sen-
ate believed that there was no reason whatever for continu-
ing it. It had already occudied a great deal of time, and lie
thought it ought to be made to yield to the business of the
Senate. Whenever any other matter was pressed upon the
Senate, it should go on and consider it, and indulge in this
debate only during a time of leisure. He hoped the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office would insist upon
the post office bill being called up.
Mr. MERRICK had always yielded in couitesy to the
general desire of the Senate. His desiie was to take this
bill up, and go on with it; and in that case the only safe
course was to adhere to his own opinion 011 the subject.
In answer to the remarks of his friend from Ohio [Mr. Al-
Lfcs,] he could say that all the amendments covered only
two subjects One was, the rate of postage, making it a
three cent, and a fifteen cent rate, instead of a five and a
ten cent rate, as it was in the bill as reported by the com-
mittee. The three cent rate was for distances not exceed-
ing thirty miles; over thirty miles, and not exceeding one
hundred miles, five cents; and over one hundred miles, and
not exceeding three hundred miles, fifteen cents. The only
other amendments tending to produce any essential change,
were those concerning the franking privilege, and that in
the last section in relation to the regulation of the mails by
the Postmaster General. 1
Mr. McDUFFIE said, in answer to the senator from Mary-
land, that he thought it would facilitate the passage of tins
bill to let it lie over till to-morrow.
GENERAL WASHINGTON'S CAMP CHEST.
At this stage of the proceeding a message was announced
from the House of Representatives, accompanied by the
camp chest of General "Washington, a joint 1 esolutiou adopt-
ed by that body accepting it, and a joint resolution oi re-
spect for the memory of the donor 01 the camp chest.
Mr. PEARCE expressing a desire that the joint resolutions
should now be acted upon,
Mr. MERRICK observed that, in compliance with the de
sire of his colleague, he would consent to suspend hi> mo-
tion to take up the Post Office bill until the joint resolution
was disposed of.
The joint resolution accepting the camp chest of General
W-asbs^gton. and the joint resolution of respect for the
memo^of the donor of the camp chest, were read as fol-
lows:
Resolved by ike Senate and Home of Representatives of the
United States of Ameiica in Congress assembled, That the
camp chest of General George Washington, winch he used
during the revolutionary wai, bequeathed by the last will
of the late William Sidney Winder to the Congress of the
United States, be and the same is hereby accepted, and that
the same be deposited as a precious relic to be preserved in
the Department of State.
Resolved, That the Senate and House of Representative*
take pleasure in recognising to the family of the late W ll-
liam Sidney Winder their high sense of the value of the be-
quest contained 111 his will, and 111 expressing their iespect
ior tlie memory of the donor.
The resolutions were then read the second time accord-
ing to order, when
Mr. PEARCE rose and addressed the Senate as ioilows:
Mr. President: I rise to present to the Senate the camp
chest of Washington, mentioned in the resolutions which
have just been sent from the House of Representatives, and
to express the hope that this body will cordially concur m
those resolutions. The-estimable and lamented gentleman
(Mr. Winder) who bequeathed to Congress this revolution-
ary relic, was the son of the late General Levin Winder,
formerly Governor of Maryland, from whom he received it.
Governor Winder was himself a soldier of the revolution, and
served with distinguished couiage undei the immediate
command of Washington. The men of those times, sir, knew
how to appreciate the age in which they lived, and how to
estimate each other.
To the last moment of his life Governor Winder's mind
and heart were full of the war of the revolution and its
great commander-in-chief. He considered the war more
glorious in its causes and conduct, and more important in
its consequences, than all that history had recorded. To
him his, chief was the impersonation of all that was chival-
rous and generous—-all that was disinterested, devoted, and
virtuous. Nor was he mistaken. No public man has ever
stood such tests as those by which the character of Wash-
ington was tried and proved. In war and in civil adminis-
tration, in public and m private life, spotless brightness sur-
rounds his name—that name which has beenjustly conse-
crated as "first 111 war, first in peace, and first m the hearts
of his countrjmen." Any relic ot such a man would have
great interest for an American. But this camp chest, with
the plam utensils and simple condiments which it contains—
the same which Washington used throughout the war of in-
dependence, and which remain as they were when last used
b) him—was of double value to his old comrade inarms,
who had shared with him the privations, the dangers, and
the glory of that great struggle. He left it to his son, as a
precious part of his patrimony; and that son, valuing it as
his father had done, bequeathed it to Congress.
Sir, the relict, of our past history are few and simple. Our
nation is too young to possess those memorials of great
events strewn along the track of time, which belong to
another hemisphere We have fto iron crown* to remind us
ofthe oppressions of an iron despotism—no "towers of Ju-
lius, by many a foul and midnight murder fed/' No moated
battlements frown over our land, marking the seats of ra-
pine and exaction. No castellated crags look down upon
the smiling waters of our broad rivers, telling how inso-
lence and pride have lorded it over ignominious submis-
sion. Wc hsve not been buried in the darkness of feudal
superstition. We have not been conquered and subdued,
reconquered and again enslaved. Neither Roman nor
Saxon, neither Dane nor Noiman, has made us. his prey.
There are no vestiges on our soil of any ii'on rule. Our
colonial existence was that of young Freedom, restrained,
indeed, and checkcd, during nonage, but only for a moment
enchained. Our national histoiy is that of Freedom full-
grown, erect, unshackeled, self-xestiained. It is not sur-
prising, then, that the rekes of the past with us should be
few and simple. That which is now tendered to us does
not—like the sword of Washington, which v. as presented to
Congress at its last session—bear the blaze of \ictory with
it. It does not tell of roj al power clovcn down in tl*e fierce
strife foi fieedom. It has a sadder, but not less touching
story to tell. It is associated with recollections of privation
and suffering; of want approaching to famine; of poverty 111
almost every formmost patiently, patriotically, and nobly
boine by the officers, soldici-s, and citizens* of our countiy,
during the darkest, but, peihaps, the proudest period of her
history. It tells oi disastrous reverses heroically sustained,
and gloriously retrieved. That camp chest, sir, was the
companion of Washington in the memorable retreat through
the Jerseys. It was with him during the long and stem
winter passed by the aimy at the hutted wilderness of Val-
ley Foige. It followed him acios.s the burning plains of
Monmouth, and was with him at the crowning glory of
Yorktown. Though it be simple and mute, tins companion-
ship makes it an eloquent memorial of the great soldier and
patriot, and of that \v ar of principle winch Tie conducted so
gloriously for himself, and bo happily for his countiy. As
such, I hope the Senate will consent to receive and pre-
serve it.
TJje resolutions were then severally read the thiid time
and unanimously passed.
THE POSTAGE BILL VS. THE TARIFF.
Mr. MERRICK then renewed his motion to t-iku |up the
post office bill;'and he aid so withadesn" to be guided by
the judgment of thv Senate He was the last man m the
world to be discouiteous to any one—and ceitainly he had
no desire tt> be so to the senator from Alabama [\]r Bagby.]
He hoped that gentleman would not considei hiin so. The
honorable senator yesterda) gave notice that he would to-
day call up the ie&olution from the Finance Committee.
There was 110 acquiesence in this notice on the part of the
Senate. The post office bill had been so long before the
Senate, and so much labor expended on it, that he thought
it would be much better to pioceed with the discussion of
that bill, if the judgment of the Senate, however, were
otherwise, he had nothing to do but acquiesce.
Mr McDUFFIE had intended tc state, when up befoie,
that if the Senate was compelled to take up this bill, and
the honorable senator from Maryland made a speech in an-
swer to every little objection that would be made to it dar-
ing the debate, he would talk his bill to death.
Mr. HAYWOOD urged as a reason why the bill could not
be disposed of to-day, if taken up, that there were important
provisions in it which needed amendment; foi instance, the
19th section of the bill conferxed upon the .State tribunals
jurisdiction over criminal cases arising under the United
States laws; which power, accoiding to the decision in
nearly all, if not all the United States courts, Congiess had
110 right to confer upon the- State tribunals.
Mr. BUCHANAN accoidedin opinion with the senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Haywood,] that such had been
the decision of the United States courts
Mr. MERRICK said that the bill had not yet been taken
up. The section to'which the senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Haywood] alluded was copied from the section of the
law as it now existed.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked that it was not in the partic-
ular he alluded to.
Mr. SEVIER rose to a question of order. Whether the
question to take up a bill was debatable?
Mr. ALLEN asked if it would be in order to amend the
pending motion by an amendment to take up the resolu-
tions reported by the Committee on Finance?
The CHAIR said that there was a mistake in regard to the
pending motion. It wai a motion, not to take up any par-
ticular bill, but to proeeed to. the consideration: of the spe-
cial order. If the resolutions reported by the Financfe Com-
mittee, came in order, they would of course be taken up.
Mr. BUCHANAN in alluding to the remarks of the sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Haywood,] said he was not
very an fait inlaw; but he certainly was not mistaken in
the fact, that it had been decided by the Supreme Court of
the United States that Congress could not transfer its crim-
nal jurisdiction to the State tribunals.
Mr. ALLEN desired to say, that he hoped senators on the
other side would extend that courtesy to senators pn this,
which had always been extended by his side to theirs. When
the notice was given yesterday that an appeal would be
made to the Senate to-day, there was a general silence, it
was equivalent to a promise that the indulgence would be
allowed. It was no right, of course, but he would ask as a
matter of courtesy that the Senate proceed to consider the
resolution of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BARROW, at considerable length, expressed ^ his
views against continuing the discussion upon this subject.
He insisted that the Senate, having no right to originate a
revenue measuiu of this kind, had no right to discuss a sub-
ject that was not properly before it. He believed that two-
thirds of the members of the Senate would, if the question
was taken, deny the constitutional power of this body to
originate this measure. Why , then, should the time of the
body be consumed in discussing it? He thought it was do-
ing great injustice to the numerous individuals who had
claims before the Senate; and there were many important
bilk" on the calendar which ought to be considered. It was
time that the discussion should cease. When a bill on this
subject originated in the other House, then both discussion
and action could be had with propriety, and until then the
Senate could not act.
The yeas and nays having been called for and ordered on
the motion to proceed to the special order, (the considera-
tion of the Post Office bill as the unfinished business of yes-
terday,) resulted—yeas 20, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Crittenden, Evans, Foster, Francis, Huntington,
Jarnagin, Mangum, Meriick, Miller, Morehpad, Pearce,
Porter, Simmons, Upham, and White—20.
NAY S—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Breese,
Buchanan, Fairfield, Fulton, Hannegan, Haywood, Hen-
derson, Huger, McDuffie, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Walker, Woodbridge, and Woodbuiy—21.
So the Senate refused to take up the special order.
Mr. McDUFFIE then moved to take up the resolution ot
the Finance Committee, piaposing the indefinite postpone-
ment of his bill in relation to the tariff.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped, as the Senate had refused to
take up this post office bill, that it would also refuse to take
up this resolution—the discussion of which could lead to
nothing—whilst many subjects of legislation to be disposed
of were lying on the table awaiting action.
The CHAIR stated that the motion was not debatable.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then called for the yeas and nays on
the question of taking up this resolution.
The yeas and naj s being ordered, resulted—yeas 22, nays
19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,* Atchison, Atherton, Bagby,
Breese, Buchanan, Choate, Fairfield, Fulton, Hannegan,
Haywood, Henderson, Huger, McDuflie, Semple, Sevier,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Woodbridge, Woodbury, and
Wright—'i"2.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Clayton,
Crittenden, Evans, Foster, Francis, Huntington, Jarnagm,
Mangum, Meriick, Millei, Morehead, Pearce, Porter, Up-
ham, and White—19.
So the Senate decided upon taking up the resolution for
further comideiation, and it was accoidmgly taken up.
Mr. BAGB Y obseived that, understanding it was the wish
of his friend from New York [Mr. Wiuoht] to address the
Senate, he would with great pleasure, if such was his do-
sire, vield the floor to him.
Mr! WRIGHT lemarked that he would accept the courte-
sy ol the senator from Alabama, if it was the disposition of
the Senate to hearhim. He spoke thus conditionally, in
consequence ofthe manifestation just made of unwilling-
ne?>s to proceed with the discussion.
Mr W. addressed the Senate for two hours, at the expi-
ration of which, without having concluded his remarks, he
yielded the floor for the purpose of an adjournment being
moved.
On motion, it was agreed that when the Senate adjourned,
it should be to Monday next.
The Senate then adjourded.
[The repoit ot Mr. Wright\ speech is withheld till it
can be presented in full. A synopsis of the heads of his ar-
gument to-day is in preparation.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 19, 1844.
COPPER MINES OF LAKE SUPERIOR.
On motion of Mr. LYON, it was,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to communicate to this House the probable cost per mile
oi surveying the township lines, m the copper mining dis-
tiict, on Lake Superior, in the State of Michigan, and sueh
information as he may possess concerning the practicabil-
ity, expediency, and expense of procuring, in connexion
with said survey, sufficient geological information to
serve to define with accuiacy the limits, and to describe the
character of said district.
On motion of Mr, THOMPSON, it was.
Resolveds That the Committee on Public Lands be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to con-
firm certain private entries of land in the Northwestern land
district, in the State of Mississippi, named m the accompa-
nying papers.
THE AMISTAD CASE.
Mr. WHITE called for the orders of the day.
The resolution, from the Committee on Manufactures, for
the printing of 10,000 extra copies of the repoit of that com*
