May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
B&S
28th Cong.....1st Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Walker.
Senaet-
gent province. On the 25th September, 1825, Spain
renewed her protest against our recognition of the
independence of Mexico, declaring "that the King
would never abandon his claim to these his ancient
and rightful possessions." "That the mass of good
citizens, constituting a great majority of the popu-
lation, were in favor of the King, and were only
waiting for some suitable occasion to come out in their
strength, and put down the insurgents." On the26th
of October, 1825, Spain renewed this protest, declar-
ing that the King would never abandon his rights;
that it was a matter of conscience with, hirh to
transmit his hereditary possessions to his successor;
that there were symptoms of the return of these
provinces to their ancient loyalty." "That the
king's resolution was unalterable, never to abandon
his rights, and to reject all offers of mediation or of
amicable intervention, which should contemplate an
acknowledgment of the independence of the-new
States, and that upon that point, the king's mind
was made up beyond the possibility of a change."
In the mean time, at the date of the first proposal
to purchase, Spain was still waging an actual war
against Mexico, both upon the ocean and the land.
Upon the ocean her success was complete; and upon
the land, she was in possession of the strong castle
of San Juan d'UHoa, which she retained until the
20th December, 1825. Here, then, was an attempt
to purchase from a revolted province, less than.four
years after the declaration of her independence,
against the solemn protest of Spain, then carrying
on an actual war against Mexico, and avowing her
determination never to desist, until Mexico was re-
conquered. Our treaty of amity with Spain, at that
time, was in the precise words of our present
subsisting treaty with Mexico. Now, as to the facts
at the date of the attempted purchase of Texas from
Mexico by the administration of Jackson and Van
Buren on the 25th of August, 1829. At this period,
too, there was actual tear between Spain and Mexi-
co. In February, 1829, the Spanish frigate Lealtad
captured the Mexican brig Guerrero, and the Mexi-
can fleet was driven from the ocean, and their crews
discharged. The further history of this period is
thus given in the second volume of the Democratic
Review, page 108:
"In the mean time the captain general of Cuba, encour-
aged by his success on the sf</, had despatched five thousand
troops from Havana, on hoard of txaiibports, escorted by
thirtoen ships of war, to the Mexican coast The land forces
weie commanded by General Isidore Barradas; Admiral
Ajjel de La Borde being the chief ol the squadron. This ex-
pedition arrived ufl the mouth of the Tampico river on the
57th July, 1S29; and the troops were landed without opposi-
tion on the succeeding day. Some little resistance was
made by the Mexican garrison at Tampico, but that place
was occupied, and Barradas soon after began his march in-
to the interior, scattering proclamations before him, m
which the Mexicans were invited to return under their law
t'ul sovereign
But was Mr. Van Buren conscious of the exist-
ence of this war at the date of his despatch,
of the 25th August, 1829? Yes, for it was publicly
announced in every newspaper, and known to every
citizen* of the United States. Niles's Register of
June 27th, 1829, speaking of the invasion of Mex-
ico by Spam, says: "The landing would be made
at Campcachy with 5,000 men, the inhabitants of
that place being considered friendly to the Spanish
government. The troops would then entrench them-
selves, and await the twenty thousand men, who were
shortly expected from Old Spain." The National
Intelligencer of July 8th, 1829, says: "The Spanish
expedition Itting out at Havana, and destined for
Campeachy, was to sail on the 23d June." Giles's
Register, July 11th, 1829, says: "That 10,000 had
already arrived at Campeacfiy." National Intel-
ligencer of July 13th, 1829, says: "By the late ac-
counts from Havana, it appears certain that Spain
is about making a decisive effort for the reconquest
of Mexico." The same paper of July 29th, says:
"The expedition is now pretty generally supposed
to be destined to act immediately against the city
of Vera Cruz." Nilcs's Register of July 18th,
3829, says: "We look for aught but a determined
resistance, as it is evident the evils supported by the
people cannot be greatly aggravated by a change of
masters. A powerful party may be created in favor
of the mother country—not fiom the love of its
dominion, but in hope that it may produce a scttied
policy, and rid the country of the constant
feuds which have frittered away its resources,
and made it the theatre of private ambition."
The National Intelligencer July 2d. 1829, says:
"The long-contemplated expedition against Mex-
ico sailed on the 5th instant. General Barradas, in
his proclamation. Pays: "Soldiers; you are about to
depart for New Spain to cause an oblivion of the
past, and re-establish the paternal government of the
best of kings." The National Intelligencer of August
10th and 17th announced the progress of the expedi-
tion. The same paper of the 26th August, 1829, of the
2d, 8th, 14th, 18th, and 24th ofSeptember, and of the
1st, 7th, 8th, and 9th, of October, continued to an-
nounce the progress of the expedition, representing it
as of the most formidable character, and doubting the
ability of Mexico to resist it. After five battles, the
Spanish army of 4,000 men capitulated, on the 11th
September, 1S29, having landed on the 27th of July
preceding. On the 10th of September, 1829, the
merchants of Baltimore address a memorial to the
President, in which they say: "a Spanish force pro-
ceeding from Havana has invaded the territory of
the Mexican republic, and taken the possession of
the town of Tampico, with the avowed design of
conquering, or revolutionizing that country, and re-
annexing it, ifpracticable, to the Spanish monarchy."
On the 21st of September, 1829, Mr. Van Buren
answers this memorial, and states that prior to its
reception, the necessary orders had been given "for
the employment of such pan of the naval force of
the United States as could be conveniently spared
from the public service elsewhere, upon the coast of
Mexico," fee-
Here, then, was actual war, on the ocean and the
land ; and in the midst of the doubtful conflict, Mr.
Van Buren, in his despatch, proposes to purchase
Texas from Mexico at the price of five millions of
dollars, and says: "The comparatively small valne
of the territory in question to Mexico; its remote and
disconnected situation; the unsettled condition of her
affairs; the depressed and languishing state of her
finances; and the still, and, at this moment, particular-
ly threatening attitude of Spain, all combine to point
out and recommend to Mexico the policy of parting
with a portion of her territory, of very limited and
contingent benefit, to supply herself with the means
of defending the residue with the bet'er prospect of
success, and with less onerous burdens to her citi-
7ens."
Here the existence of the war, and the danger of
Mexico losing the territory m the conflict, are given
as the chief reasons why she should make the ces-
sion; and as an additional inducement to her to sell
us that territory which, by solemn treaty, we had
ceded to Spain in 1819, we offer her five millions of
dollars to supply her "with the means of defending
the residue" against Spain.
I mention these facts, not in any spirit of crimi-
nation, or of assault upon Mr. Van Buren; far other-
wise; but from my high respect for his authority,
and because I believe it to have been in perfect con-
formity with the law of nations, although far
stronger than the present case, being the effort of a
neutral to purchase territory flagrante bello, from a
belligerent, and that belligerent a revolted province,
unrecognised by the nation against whose authority
she had rebelled. In the same spirit of entire respect
for Mr. Van Buren, in which I make the above
citations, I quote also the authority of the senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Bekton*,] from his letter of
May 2, 1344, in which he says:
'•I ha\ e a!-o found, since I wrote my letter to you, the
essay signed Americanus,'which I wrote to assist General
Jackson and Mr. Van Buren to recover thecountiv m is^3 "
And the dates of these essays are given, viz:
July 22d, 1829, and August 1, 1829, at whith very
dates, as I have shown, the war was actually pro-
gressing between Spain and Mexico, and Spain had
captured, and was in actual possession of the Mexi-
can city of Tampico. But surely (as we are told
these authorities are now cited merely in nomina-
tion) there must have been some counter authorities
against what, upon the doctrines now urged,
would be so gross a violation of the faith of treafrs,
and of the rights of friendly powers. No; iheie
was not one single counter authority against our
right to make the purchase at that period. The Na-
tional Intelligencer, and the National Journal, the two
organs here of the party opposed to Jackson and Van
Buren, considered the time as most auspicious to
make the purchase. The National Intelligencer
of the 17th of September, 1S29, says:
"The incident of the invasion of Mexico, referred to by
the Richmond Enquirer, is at most but a plauMbie auxtlnry
to an argument iu favor of a qisebtK-n already determined.'""
And, subsequently, he says:
"What authority has the Enquirer lor saying that we
would defeat the negotiation for Texas, or that \\V shall op-
pose it if it be effected' We have not said so "
The National Journal, the other whig organ of
this city at that time, on the 4th September, 1829,
says:
"It may be a subject worthy the attention and delibera-
tions of Congress, whether an appropriation fo t&e anipunt
required for the acquisition of this territory wpuiit not be
amply compensated by so .large an accession to ott? territo-
rial wealth and political power." * * . * - "Of tiMs im-
portance of this vast territory, whether viewed geogm)ia«
cally or politically as an appendage to the UnitedStawi,
every one must be well aware."
But surely, whilst the whig organs in this city
approved of the time selected by their opponents to
make this purchase, yet some other American press,
of the whig or the democratic party, interposed to
rebuke this violation of the faith of treaties—this
adoption of a war actually progressing, and this as-
sault upon the rights of friendly powers. No: not
a single American press, nor a single American citi-
zen, regarded as objectionable the time selected to
make the purchase. I have before me the remarks
on this subject of the National Intelligencer, of the
National Journal, of the Telegraph, of^the Richmond
Enquirer, of Niles's Register, of the Nashville Ban-
ner, the Old Dominion, the"New York Courier and
Enquirer, the National Gazette, the Delaware Jour-
nal, the New York American, the Rhode Island
Journal, the Virginia Free Press, the New Jersey
State Gazette, the .Newark (N. J.) Sentinel, the
Kennebec (Me.) Journal, the Winchester Virginian,
and the Ohio State Journal—presses about equally
divided between the whig and democratic party, and
nearly equally divided as. to the benefits to be de-
rived from the purchase. But not .one of them
deemed the time and circumstances under which the
acquisition was proposed, as in the least objection-
able; and the same remark may be as truly made as
regards the proposed purchase of Texas in 1825
and 1827. Both parties, then, and all their states-
men, and the whole American press and people, are
thrice committed to the doctrine, that a revolted
province, unrecognised by the nation against which
she rebelled, and m the midst of actual conflict, may
cede her territory to a neutral power. There is not,
then, Mr. President, the slightest foundation for the
objection now made to the purchase, at this time, of
Texas; and the newly discovered doctrines, now
urged upon our consideration, have no foundation in
the law or practice of nations, and if admitted,
would cover with infamy and dishonor the adminis-
trations of Adams" and Clay, and of Jackson and
Van Buren, and inflict a lasting disgrace upon the
American name. Let us now see what the admin-
istration of Jefferson and Madison thought of this
new doctrine. During the progress of our negotia-
tion with France in 1803, for the purchase of Lou-
isiana, the news reached here of the breaking out of
war, between France and England, and that England,
with her vastly superior naval power, would imme-
diately seize New Orleans. Indeed, it was most se-
riously apprehended that England would be in the
actual possession of New Orleans before the pur-
chase was made by us from France; ana it
is now well known that the fear of this re-
sult alone induced the French government to make
the cession. We had then a treaty of amity with
England, quite as strong as that now subsisting with
Mexico. 'Yet did those great American statesmen
and patriots, Jefferson and Madison, ever for a mo-
ment suppose that it would violate the faith of trea-
ties, to purchase from one of the belligerents, during
the cor.ilu t, the territory of the other, although it
might be in the hostile occupancy of one of the con-
tending parties from whom the purchase was not
made? Q,uite the reverse; for Mr. Madison, then
Secretary of State, in his despatch to our minister to
France, dated May 28, 1823, says:
"Since my last, which was of April 13, the tenor of our
information from France and Great Britain renders a war
between those powers m the highest degree probable."
'•The proposed occupancy of New* Orleans by Great Britain
suggests a further piecaution'"As the question may arise,
how far. m a "state of war. one of the parties can, of right,
convey lemtoij to a neutral power, and thereby deprive its
ens .uy of the chance of conquest incident to war. especially
when ..he conquest may have been actually projected, it is
thought proper to observe to you/' "That the right of a
i.eutral to procure for itself, by a bona fide transaction,
property ot any soit from a belligerent pow er, ought not to
be frustrated by the chance that a rightiul conquest thereof
might thereby be precluded A contrary doctrine w ould
sacrifice the just interests of peace to the unreasonable pre-
tensions of war, and the positive rights of one nation to the
possible rights of another. A restraint on the alienation of
territory from a nation at v. arto a nation at peace, is impos-
ed onlv'in cases where the proceeding might have a collu-
sive reference to the existence of the war, and might be cal-
culated to save the property from danger, by placing it in
secrct trust, to be reconvej ed on the return of peace. No
objection of this sort can made to the acquisitions we
have in view."
Now, under the law of nations, the right of con-
quest of territory is one of the settled rights of a bel-
ligerent; and it will not be denied, that, in the war
