654
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Walker.
fet y, 1841.
Senate.
between England and France, the right of England
to conquer and take possession of Louisiana, or any
other territory of France, is as perfect as the right
of< Mexico to conquer Texas. In that case, too,
there was serious apprehension tha.t Louisiana
would be conquered and occupied by England, be-
fore the treaty could be concluded, and her ability
to make the conquest was undisputed; whilst here,
the conquest of Texas by Mexico is impossible; and
there is not now, nor has there been for a long time,
any war between Mexico and Texas, and for more
than eight years Mexico has not deemed her chance
of conquering Texas lis worth the hazard of a sin-
gle effort. Yet what were the doctrines then laid
down by Jefferson and Madison* Why, they de-
clared—
"That the right of a neutral to procure for itself, by a bona
fide transaction, property of any sort from i belligerent
power, ought not to be frustrated b) the chance that a 1 ight-
ful conquest thereof might be precluded M
Yes, they declare that the chancc of a rightful
conquest of the territory of one belligerent by an-
other does not preclude the right of a neutral to make
the purchase; and they further declare, that sach
right of purchase is denied "only in cases where the
proceeding might have a collusive reference to the
existence of the war, and might be calculated to
save the property from danger by placing it in secret
ferust to be reconveyed on the return of peace." But
our purchase of Texas it is not pretended is collu-
sive. to place "it in secret trust to- be reconveyed on
the return of peace,"but isa "bona fide transaction,"
intended for our own benefit. And here the humane
and Christian principle upon which this doctrine is
founded, are thus stated by these great men:
"A contrary doctrine would sacrifice the just interests of
peace to the unreasonable pretensions of war, and the posi
tive rights of one nation to the possible right* of another."''
Yes, the peace of the world, and the best interests
of mankind require the adoption of this doctrine;
and Mexico has no right to forbid our purchase of
Texas, upon the pretext, whether true or false, that
her conquest of it might thereby be prevented. Great
Britain, we know, proposes an alliance with Texas,
by a treaty guarantying her independence; yet this
would adopt the war, if any there be, between
Mexico and Texas, and engage to prosecute it, and
maintain the independence of Texas. Now, no one
doubts the right, as a question of international law,
to enter into such an alliance, and make such a
guaranty. Treaties of alliance constitute one of
the chapters of the rights and usages of nations, and
have been of repeated occurrence, both in ancient
and modern history, in America and Europe. Such
alliances are expressly authorized by the Jaw of
nauons, even if war were pending, or should be the
result; and upon the same principle, we have a per-
fect right to enter into a treaty of more intimate al-
liance, which, whilst it may incorporate Texas into
the Union, will thus operate in its consequences to
guaranty her independence, rtot only against Mex-
ico, but against all the world.
But it is said there is an armistice between Mexico
and Texas, and this forbids the treaty. Now
there is, as I shall show, no armistice, but indepen-
dent of this, there are four obvious answers to this
objection. 1st. That an armistice, in order to bind
nations, is an agreement which admits their sove-
reignty, for an armistice is a treaty of temporary
peace; and if it existed in this case, Mexico has ac-
knowledged the independence of Texas. 2d. If, as
in 1825, 1827, and 1829, wc had a right to purchase
Texas fiom Mexico, pending the actual war be-
tween her and Spain, still stronger would our rigl t
then be, and now is, if there were an armistice which
produces a temporary, and is generally the pre-
cursor of a permanent peace. 3d. This armistice
having been concluded, if at all, in 1843, when there
was no actual war, could have been only suspensive,
not of actual, but of threatened hostilities, and there-
fore could constitute no objection to this treaty. 4.
The armistice, had it existed, terminated last month,
by its own limitation; and can, therefore, interpose
no obstacle to the treaty. But in truth there is not,
and never was, a subsisting armistice; for, to make
such, required the assent of both nations; and that
of Mexico never was given, but only to proposi-
tions to be inserted in a proposed armistice which
never went into effect.
That the armistice never in fact existed, or if it
did, has Ions; since terminated, is proved by the fol-
lowing official documents:
Mr. Calhoun to Messrs. Van Zandt and Henderson.
"Dfparimf.\t of State,
"Washington-, May 15, 1844
"The undersigned, Secretary of State of the United
States, will thar>k Mr. Van Zandt and General Henderson to
furnish him with any information that may be in their pow-
er in reference to any armistice, or proposed armistice, be-
tween Texas and Mexico, and the circumstances connected
with the same.
"The undersigned avails himself of the opportunity to
®ffer Mr Van Zandt and General Henderson renewed assu-
rances of his distinguished consideration.
J. CALHOUN.
Messrs. Van Zandt and Henderson to Mr. Calhoun
"The undersigned, 8tc., in ieply to the note of Mr Cal-
houn, Secretary of State of the United States, of 5 ester-
day's date, have the honor to submit for his information the
following facts in relation to the origin and history of the
alleged armistice between Mexico and Texas, to which he
refers:
"By the terms of a convention concluded between Texas
and Great Britain, on the 14th of November, 1S40, the Brit-
ish government agreed to otter its mediation for the settle-
ment of the difficulties between Mexico and Texas, upon
the basis ofthc recognition of the independence oi Texas,
by Mexico. Inpuisuance of this convention, the mediation
of Groat Britain was tendered to and declined by Mexico,
information of which was communicated to the President of
Texas. Afterwards, m the j ear 1SV2. lepresentatiosv; wore
made by Texas to Great Britain, France, and thr Cniled
States, requesting their joint interposition for the settlement
of the difficulties between Mexico and Texas. To this ie-
quest, the governments of France and the United States
indicated their ready willingness to accede. The British
government, however, for reasons deemed by it sufficient,
declined to be thus associated, suggesting, at the same- time,
that each might-act separately. Subsequently, the Texan
charge d'affaires m London was informed by the minister of
foreign affairs of the British government, that the medialimi,
as before pursued, was utterTj hopeless, and that her Ma-
jesty's charge d'affaires in Mexico had been directed to
propose a new feature in the same to Mexico.
"In the month of May, 1843, in reply to the representa-
tions upon the subject made by her Britannic Majesty's
charge d'affaires in Mexico to General Santa Anna, the lat-
ter indicated his willingness to agree to a suspension of
hostilities, and to receive commi^ionpr* from Texas, to
ti cat on the terms of a peace This'fuct was communicated
by hei Britannic Majestv's charge d'aihun s in Texas to the
President of Texas on the 10th .June, 1843. who, on the 1.5th
of the same month, issued his proclamation f<n .n armis-
tice, annexing certain stipulations by which it should be
terminated. When these were communicaied to (.k-neral
Santa Anna, through the British chaige d'atinivs, lie de-
clined to assent to them, suggesting that it would be better
that the teims, duration, &c , should be arranged by com-
missioners appointed b) the respertn e government* for
that purpose. Information of this v. ascommxmieated te the
Texian government, both through the British charge
d'affaires" in Texas, and m a communication Irom
General Woll to General Houston, m which it was stated,
in substance, that he (General Woll) was authorized by
General Santa Anna to appoint commissioners to meet
any persons similarly commissioned b\ Texas to ar-
range the proposed armistice In pursuance of tins,
the" Texmn commissioner were appointed, and pio-
ceeded to Mexico. They w ere instructed that no arrange-
ment made b) them would be binding until appro\edbj the
President When the agreement enteied into by them m as
submitted to tin- President of Texas, lie declined approving
it. Referring to Texas as a department of Mexico was a
sufficient revsson for Us piompt rejection, and precluded all
possihihU oi oihcral action uiub'i it
"The negotiations having thu= terminated, and this agree-
ment being held to be null and void, there is at pre.-ent no
subsisting'arrangement oi any character between Mexico
and Texas.
"The undersigned avail themselves of this occasion to of-
fer to Mr. Calhoun renewed assurances of iheir distinguish-
ed consideration.
"ISAAC VAN ZANDT.
"J. WNCKNEY HENDERSON "
, These documents require no comment, unless it be
to call attention to the remarkable fact, as proving
most clearly the ambitious and dangerous designs
of England in regard to Texas, that France ond
this country at once assented to the proposition of
Texas, to those nations and to England, to unite in
a joint effort to settle the difficulties between Mexico
atidTexas. Great Britain refused to aid in a joint
interposition, but declaied that each mig\bt act sep-
arely. "Subsequently (say? the despatch) the
Texan charge d'affaires in London was informed
by the minister of foreign affairs of the xiruiah
government, that the mediation, as before pursued,
was alterly hopeless; and that her Majesty \s charge
d'affaires m Mexico had been directed to piop^se
a new feature in the same to Mexico." Great Bri-
tain refused to unite with Fiance and this country
in procuring from Mexico the recognition of the inde-
pendence of Texas, but resolved to act separately;
for what selfish purposes, and with what hornle
views to the vital interests of (his covntry, will Le
developed before the conclusion of this address.
But now I proceed to a point, which, if establish-
ed, terminates this branch of the controversy. Mex-
ico, under the well-settled doctrines of municipal
and international law, acknowledged the inde-
pendence of Texas.
In the second volume history of Texas, pages
317, 318, "At length the following treaty was
drawn up and subscribed on either side," dated
May 14,1836;
"Articles of agreement and solemn compact made and
adopted by David G. Burnet, President of the republic of
Texas, and the undersigned, membeis of the cabinet thereof,
on the one part, and Don Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna,
President of the republic of Mexico, and Don Vincente
Filisola, General of divisions, Don Jose Urea, Don Joaquin
Ramires y Sesma, and Don Antonio Gaona, generals of
brigades of the armies of Mexico.
"4th. That the President, Santa Anna, in his official capa-
city as chief of the Mexican nation, and the generals Don
Vincente Filisola, Don Jose Urea, Don Joaquin Ramires
y Sesma, awl Don Antonio Gaona, as chiefs of armies, do
solemnly acknowledge, sanction, and ratify, the full, en-
tire, and perfect independence of the republic of Texas,
with such boundaries as are hereafter set forth and agreed
upon for the same."
Art. 5 fixes the boundaries, the Del Norte from
its mouth to its source, and thence to north latitude
42°. Various other articles and agreements stipu-
late for the return of Santa Anna to Mexico, release
of officers and prisoners, and Filisola's army, 4,000
men, permitted to return home.
Now, let it be borne in mind that Santa Anna
was not then merely the President, but the dictator
of Mexico; embodying at that time, by the Mexican
edicts, the sovereignty of Mexico in his person. It
is said he was a prisoner; but the generals who
subscribed the act were not prisoners. And 1 will
show that the act was valid: 1st. Because, if done
when a prisoner, it was done freely and for the ben-
fit of Mexico, and acknowledged by him when not
a prisoner. 2d. It received the implied sanction, in
advance of the government ad interim of Mexico.
3d. Mexico received and availed herself of the full
benefit of the treaty, on her part, which I will
show, under the law of nations, is a ratification of
the treaty.
1st. In his letter of the 4th of July, 1836, Santa
Anna says:
"When I offered to treat with this government, I was
convinced that it was useless for Mexico to continue the
war 1 have acquired e\dct information respecting the
country, which I did" not possess four months ago. 1 haye
too much zeal for the interests of my country to wish lor
any tiling which is not compatible with them. Being al-
ways mad} to sacrifice myself for its glory and advantage,
I never would have hesitated to subject myself to torments
or death, rather than consent to any corripiorruse, if Mexico
could thereby obtain the slightest benefit. 1 am firmly
convinced that it is proper to terminate this, question by •
political negotiation."
Now, if this is false, and Santa Anna entered into
this treaty by fear and duress, sacrificing the inter-
ests of his country to save his life, then he must
add falsehood, cowardice, and treason, to his other
enormities. But that he did it willingly, and for
the benefit of Mexico, is further proved by his state-
ment (see Globe 15th April, 1844) in December,
1636, at Washington, to General Jackson, when
his freedom was complete, that "Texas was but a
broken wing to Mexico—that it would- be a mere
incumbrance and hindrance until lopped off." This
is also further sustained by the despatch before
quoted of our minister to Mexico, Mr. Thompson,
dated February 4, 1844, in which he states Santa
Anna's desire that the so called war with Texas
should be arrested by the authoritative interposition
of the United States, and that he is fully aware that
Mexico can never conquer Texas.
Finally, General Vicente Filisola, who never was
a prisoner, on his return to Mexico, in his despatch
to the government, dated Motas, de Donna Clara,
June 10,1836, says:
'■ill' Excellency, (Snnta Anna,) in my humble opinion, in
the treaties that he agreed upon, and that I had the honor
to send your Excellency, acted with f.ntikjl liberty, and
had nothing more in view than the interest of his coun-
trj "
When we consider that, next to Santa Anna,
Filisola was the most distinguished of all the Mex-
ican generals, and that he still maintains his high
command, and the full confidence of his country,
—this gives at least an implied sanction to these
treaties, which he had subscribed and transmitted
to the government. But the truth is, these treaties
were made, as 1 conceive, in accordance with an
authority previously granted by the government of
Mexico.
On the 15th May, 1836, the government of Mex-
ico issued to General Filisola the following des-
patch :
"Set)rtary's Office of War ond Monnr, Central Section, Fitif
Bw ecu
lvE\cfllr_\' r Sib: With the most profound sorrow, his Ex
collency, the Piesuhnit pioteia has le<iraed by the official
let'.ei oi jour Excellency, of 25th last month, the defeat
sulk-red on the 21st of the same month by the division
commamded in person by tho President General-in-chiefof
the army, and the very lamentable misfortune that his Ex-
cellency should be made prisoner with other chiefs and
officers.
"His Excellency, the President pro tern-, is, in some mess-
