556
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Walker.
May, 1844.
Senate.
yet eighty thousand Creole soldiers under his command. A
battle is fought at the bridge of Calderon, between the op-
posing armies, in which Hidalgo is completely routed, and
compelled, with a few of his officers and a hundred or two
soidiers, to fly in the direction of San Luis Potosi,—designing
to seek refuge, ultimately, in the province of Texas. But
Hidalgo does not reach Texas-, for he is, intercepted by a
body of soldiers cent for the puipose by the governor of the
internal provinces, and being betrayed by Bustamente. one
of the officers of his own stafl, is transported to Chihuahua,
in the Intendency of Durango, where he is publicly shot, on
the 27th July, 1811.
"There was no struggle going on for liberty, er even for
national independence. Both the contending parties were
avowed devotees to monarchy; both paid servile homage to
a corrupt priesthood. The objects held in view, on the one
side, were, plunder and destruction to the Guachapms; on
the other, plunder and destruction to the Creoles."—Vol. 1.
History of Texas, 93.
The historian continue^ the account of similar
but unsuccessful revolutionary movements, when
he says:
"In the mean time the royalist forces have reconquered
nearly all the provinces in the month of July, 1819, the
patriot interests re almost in a hopeless condition: hardly
a soldier is to be found in the open field against the govern-
nent." (Pago. 98.)
Next came the plan of Iguala adopted at a town
of that name on the 24th February, 1821. 1 Ward,
525. This plan, which was dictated, not by the
people of Mexico, but by the army under the com-
mand of Iturbide, proposed: 1st. The indepen-
dence of Mexico. 2d. The establishment of a mon-
archy, with the offer of the crown to the Bourbons
of Spain. And here great reliance is placed by the
senator from Missouri upon the historical facts con-
nected with the ratification of this plan, by what is
called the treaty of Cordova. That treaty is given
in the 4th vol. State papers—foreign relations, page
841. It is headed "treaties concluded in the city of
Cordova on the 24th inst., between the Senors D.
Juan O'Donagin, lieutenant general of the armies of
Spain, and D. Augustin de Ituibide first chief of the
imperial Mexican army of the three guaranties."
It recites, among other things, that the capital
"being besieged, and when there only remained for
the European government, the fortresses of Vera
Cruz ana Ac-apulco, dismantled, and without the
means of resisting a siege well directed, and which
would last some time," &c. Now, great reliance is
placed on these statements; but were they correct'
No; so far from it, that the fortress at Vera Cruz
was not surrendered until the 20th December, 1825.
This treaty—signed, as its preface declared, by two
military commanders, and no one else—provided,
among other things, as follows:
"3. There shall be named to reign in the Mexican empire,
(after the oath which the fourth article of the plan points
out,) in the first place, the Senor D. Ferdinand VII, f atholic
King of Spam; and, upon his renunciation or non-admission,
his brother, the most serene Senor Infant D. Carlos; upon
his renunciation or non-admission, the most serene Senor D.
Carlos Luis, Infant of Spam, formerly heir of Ktrima, row
of Lucca; and, upon his renunciation or non-admissior. he
whom the Cortes of the empire shall designate.
"4. The Emperor shall fix his court in Mexico, which
shall be the capital of the empire.
"5. Two commissioners shall be appointed by his excel-
lency General ODonoju, who shall go to the court of Spain
to place in the rojal hands of Senor 1). Ferdinand "V 11 d
copy of this treaty, and the exposition which shall accom-
pany it, forthe service o( his Majesty first whilst the Cortes
of tlie empjre offer him the crown, and all the formalities
and guaranties which a business of so much importance de-
mands. and entreat his Majesty that m the case of the third
article, he deign to notify their serene highnesses the in-
fants, mentioned m same article, in the order in which they
are named, mterpovjng his benign influence that one of
those personages designated from his august house may
con.e to this empire, inasmuch as the prosperity of both na-
tions is concerned in it, and for the satisfaction which the
Mexicans will receive in Adding this to the other bonds of
friendship with which Spaniards can and desire to be uni-
ted ">
Now mark the provisions of this miscalled treaty,
which, as we shall soon find, O'Donoju had no au-
thority to subscribe. It was not the language of
an independent nation, but an offer of the crown to
the Spanish monarch and his family; and it adopted
the form of entreaty and supplication. Its language
imploring the acceptance of the Spanish monarch, is,
we "entreat his Majesty." And now, what became
of this supplication, submitted to Ferdinand the
Seventh, which is dignified with the name of a treaty?
It was submitted to the Cortes of Spain; and their
decree in regard to it will be found in the 4th vol.
State Papers, page 847, as follows, dated February
12, 1822:
"1. That the Cortes declare that the treaty called that ol
Cordovas, celebi.ited between General O'Donoju and the
chief of the dissidents in New Spam, Don Augustm iturbide,
as well as any other act or stipulation relative to the recog-
nition of Mexican independence by that general, are illegit-
imate, and null in their effects as to the Spanish govern-
ment and its subjects.
'"A. That the Spanish government, by a declaration to all
others with which it has friendly relations, make known to
them that the Spanish nation will regard, at any epoch, as
a violation of the treaties, the recognition, either partial or
absolute, of the independence of the Spanish provinces of
Ultramar, so long as the dissen&ions which exist between
some of them and the metropolis are not terminated, with
whatever else may serve to convince foreign govern-
ments that Spain has not yet renounced any of the rights
belonging to itAtn those countries.
"3. That the government be recommended to take all'pos-
sible measures, without any delay, to pieserve and reinforce
those points of the provinces of Ultramarthat remain united
to the metropolis, obedient to its authority, orthat resist the
separation from it by the dissidents, proposing to the Cortes
the resources it requires, and are not its disposal."
Thus was that treaty rejected by Spain, whose as-
sent was required to make it effectual; and the pur-
pose announced to reinforce the Spanish troops, and
re-conquer the rebellious province of Mexico. Thus
this project failed altogether m Spain. And how did
it succeed in Mexico? Was it the will of the people,
and did they, indeed, in the moment of victory,
agree to establish a monarchical government, and
receive Ferdinand and his family as their sover-
eigns, on condition of separation from Spain, and that
"the Emporer shall fix lm court at Mexico." The fol-
lowing account of the transaction is given by the
same American historian, page 99:
On the 27th of September, .Iturbide and O'Donoju enter-
ed Mexico as associates m authority. A junta is organ-
ized, and iturbide is appointed admiral and generalissimo,
with a yearly salary of $120,000. O'Donoju dies; Iturbide
proposes to the junta a constitution, which is rejected;
another is adopted, accoidmg to the provisions of which a
Congress is shortly to be convened in the capital. Con-
gross convenes. Iturbide takes the earliest opportunity of
quarrelling with Congress, which is divided into throe par-
ties: 1. .Bourbonitcs, approving the plan of Iguala; Ki He-
publicans; and 3. Imperialists, in favor of elevating Itur-
bide to the crown. On the first joint meeting ol the Con-
gress and leguncy, Iturbide attempts to occupj the Presi-
dent's chair, is opposed in his efi'oit, and his struggle with
the Congress commences. The soldiers, who have been
previously gained, suddenly proclaim Iturbide empeior.
After much wrangling with the Cortes, on various points,
he dissolves them,v and appoints a junta, to be named In him-
self. This junta, under his direction, decree a lorced
loan of f2,500,000, in support of the imperial government.
About this time the Spanish garrison in San Juan de Ulloo
makes an unsuccessful attack upon the works which flank
the city o! Voia Cruz. After some correspondence with
the governor of the castle, Iturbide resolves to have a per-
sonal interview with him, hoping to induce him to accept
of terms mutua'ly advantageous. He sets out on his expe-
dition; is received with manifestations of universal loy altv
along his w hole progress, and is magnificently entertained
at Puehhi. In a few days, he readies Xalapa. jf-lis nego-
tiation w itli the Spanish governor of the castle proves abor-
tive "Whilst sojourning at Xalapa, an incident occurs
which hrmcrs on a new revolution Santa Anna, the gov-
ernor of Vera Cruy, who commanded the forces which
stormed the city when it w as capturcd from the Spaniards,
and who. having iong enjoyed an independent command,
cannot brook a superior, engages in a violent quarrel with
Echavarri, the commandcr-iii-chief oi the southern division
of the Mexican army. Echavarri prefers charges? against
him to the emperor. * Santa Anna, confident of the friend-
ship of his lmpeiial moster, to whose fortunes he has here-
tofore zealously adhered, when summoned to appear be-
fore Iturbide, attends with promptitude Santa Anna is dis.
appointed in the conduct of the emperor towards hint, by
whom he is basely treated. He suddenly leaves Xalapa,
and, riding day and night, roaches Vera Cruz before the
news of his disgrace has arrived. He instantlv assembles
his regiment, and delivers to them a glowing fiar&ngne m
denunciation of the government of Ituibide. They agree
to support him m opposition to the emperor The military
in all the neighboring towns second the movements of
Santa Anna, who proclaims a republican goveinmont. and
addies-es a letter to Ituibide, demanding his abdication of
the throne, i\ i ■ igu^ge m the highest degree reproachful
and insulting i'l.rhide makes preparations to resist this
demand, onu d"P"'ohes Kchav.m., against the rebels, as he
stylos them <i^udalupe Victoria leaves his retreat in the
mountains, where he has been long secreted, joins Santa
Anna, and is constituted_commander-m-chiei ol the republi-
can forces. On the 1st of February, lC-:3, Echavarri and
th<  oHWts commanding the imperial army agree upon
terms of uukmi an i co operation with Santa Anna and Vic-
toria, and t-ei.d a joint demand to Iturbide in favor of a re-
public. The defection of Echavarri is immediately suc-
ceeded by a similar movement m all the provinces. Itur-
bide endeavors to negotiate with the officers m command of
the republican foxces They demand more money from him
than he con con\ eniently pay In ordefto relieve his fiscal
distress, iturbide issues four millions of paper money, which
is made a legal tender to the amount of one-third of its
nominal value, m payment of debts. This paper imme-
diately depredates, and occasions srreat discontent among
its holders, and the people generally Ituibide heightens
the excitement against himself bj calling upon the Padies
Provinciates for a contribution ci church plate' Driven <o
despair, he calls together the members of the old Congress,
then in the capital, rnd tenders his resignation The mem-
bers of Congress a=sevnbled, being few m number, refuse to
act He then addresses a letter to the Congrecs, m which
he tenders his abdication, offers a shabby apology for his
usurpation, and proposes to retire from the country. This
letter is referred to a committee of Congress, who, declin-
ing to recognise his abdication, from a fear of impliedly ad-
mitting him once to have had constitutional authority, in a
v ery curious epistle, lecommend that he shall be permitted
to depart the country, and be allowed a yearly income of
$25,000 for the maintenance of his family and "suite. Itur-
bide is escorted to Antigua, and takes his departure in an
English vessel, chartered to convey him to Leghorn. On
the"27th of March, the republican army enters the capital.
The old Congress is convoked, a provisional government
established, and an executive, composed of three members,
appointed Measures are taken to convene a new Congress,
which body assembles in the capital towards the close of
the year 1823, and frames the project of a constitution sub*
sequently adopted, with slight alterati®ns, by which the
Mexican nation is declared 'a representative, popular, and
federal republic.' This is the much contested constitu-
tion of 1S24."
It is clear, then, that this miscalled treaty was a
mere conditional arrangement between two military
commanders; that it never was sanctioned by Spain
or Mexico, that no rights' accrued^ by virtue of
any of its provisions; and that the struggle between
Spain and Mexico was continued upon the ocean
and the land with doubtful issue, until the surrender
of Barradas on the ] 1th of September, 1829, a pe-
riod subsequent to the efforts made by Messrs. Clay
and Adams, and Jackson and Van Buren, to pur-
chase Texas from Mexico. Indeed, Mexico her-
self, so far from dating her independence from the
revolutionary movements of 1810, does not even
profess to have been independent until 1821. The
last clause of her constitution of 1824, is in these
words: "Given in Mexico 4th October, 1824, fourth
year of independence, third of liberty, and second
of the federation."—(2 Kennedy, 443.) In our
treaty of limits with Mexico of 1828, Mexico her-
self declares that, in 1819, she "constituted a partof
the Spanish monarchy," and the year 1828 is de-
scribed, at the close of the treaty, as the "eighth" of
the independence of Mexico.—(Vol. 8 laws of
United States, page 982.) Mexico herself, then,
does not profess even to have declared her independ-
ence until 1821, but four years preceding the first
effort of Adams and Clay, and eight years pre-
ceding the first effort of Jackson and Van Buren, to
purchase Texas from Mexico. Under all these cir-
cumstances, it seems to me perfectly clear, that the
examples of 1825, 1827, and 1829, which, so far as
the time was concerned, feceived the approbation of
the whole nation, are fully in point upon the present
occasion, except that they are much stronger, being
made when war (and that war of doubtful issue)
was actually waging between Spain and Mexico, the
language of our treaty of amity with Spain being
the same as that of our treaty with Mexico. The
senator from Missouri, having also sanctioned and
approved these efforts to purchase Texas, is com-
mitted, and his high authority recorded against the
very objections urged by him against the ratification
of this treaty.
Among the documents communicated to Congress
by President Van Buren on the 3d of October, 1837,
I find the following authentic statements:
"With the exception of the first presidency under the
federal constitution, that of Victoria, Mexico has exhibited
a series of revolutions, attended with the most disastrous
civil wars. Iturbide, who was chosen and proclaimed by a
licentious soldiery, was dethroned and put to death, after a
short reign, too turbulent to be regarded, even during that
brief period, as a government. The rights of property were
not respected; and foieign merchants, as well as native,
were exposed to his rapacity. Witness the seizure of mon-
ey at Peiote.
"After the downfall of Iturbide, and the adoption of the
constitution of 1324, which is a transcript ol that of the
UmUd Mates, affairs were for some time conducted peacea-
ably, and were only interrupted by the episodeof the revolt
of General Bravo, the Vice President. \et, during that pe-
riod, the lavs of nations were repeatedly violated, and the
properly of fnrojgn merchants preyed upon bv the corrupt
and vuisl rtgentb of the government. (Ste the history of
the chums of American citizens )
"The termination of Victoria's presidency was disgraced
by the quarrel between the rival candidates for the succes-
sion, which, after o bloody contest, terminated bv elevating
to the presidency the unsuccessful candidate, Genexal Guer-
rero, and the banishment of Pedrazo, his competitor. a
short venr, marked with disoider and misrule, terminated
the career of this revolutionary hero The struggle cost
him his power and his life, and the whole country was con-
vulsed by this civil strife The Vice President, Bustamente,
succeeded Guerrero, but the Avar continued in different
parts of Mexico, rendering life and property insecure Af-
ter a short period of convulsions, Bustamente was banished,
and Santa Anna succeeded to power. He was elevated by
the joint efforts of the aristocracy and the priesthood, who
made use of the successful soldier of fortune to overthrow
the free institutions of the country. * * *
It is true, Bustamente is again in power, but it is notorious
that the people have been" juggled out of their liberties, and
are dissatisfied. rJhe government which was their choice
has been overthrown, and centralism forced upon them by
the sword—this charge sanctioned by mock acts of a spu-
rious legislature, and the States reduced to submission by
force."
Since 1837, we linow that Bustamente has again
been driven from power, and Santa Anna asrain re-
stored to the supreme command. Such scenes of
revolution and bloodshed as have disgraced the ca-
reer of Mexico since 1810, have never occurred in
the history of the world. In 1810 we find the san-
