June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5S7
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
guinary movement of the priest Hidalgo: a war, not
for independence, but of one race against another-—a
war of indiscriminate slaughter and extermination.
This war progresses with doubtful issue until 1821,
when the army, commanded by Iturbide, put into
temporary and contingent operation the plan of Igua-
la. That plan was the establishment of an impe-
rial government, the crown being offered to Ferdi-
nand "VII of Spain and his family. Within less than
a year, this plan was abandoned, and Iturbide was
proclaimed emperor by the Leperos, the beggars of
Mexico, joined by a portion of the army headed by
a sergeant of the corps. This government Avas of
less than a year's duration, when Iturbide was ban-
ished and subsequently shot. Next came the un-
successful effort to maintain the federal constitution
of 1824; yet, under it, but one President (Victoria)
went into and out of office without revolutionary
violence. Pedraza was legally elected President as
the successor of Victoria; but by a military usurpa-
tion, Pedraza was banished, arid Guerrero, the de-
feated candidate, was declared President; and
after «. brief career he was put to death. Bus-
tamente succeeded Guerrero, but after a short
period of civil strife, Bustamente was banished, and
Santa Anna placed in power. In 1835, the federal
constitution of Mexico was overthrown by the ar-
my, headed by Santa Anna, and a central despotism
established in its place- In 1837, Bustamente, who
had been banished, was restored to the supreme
command, and so remained until 1838, when Busta-
mente was expelled from power, and Santa Anna
re-established in authority. Such has been the history
of Mexican independence; it has resembled an ocean
subjected to successive storms, and the wave of one
tempest has scarcely subsided ere the blood-red
surge of another convulsion swept away the scat-
tered fragments of liberty, government, law, and
constitution. These revolutions have been the work
of a mercenary army, and of a cruel, ambitious, and
licentious priesthoodr—an army accustomed to ra-
pine, cruelty, and plunder, the murder of the brave
surviving captives of the Alamo, and the perfidious
execution, in defiance of the express term of the
capitulation, at Goliad, of five hundred defenceless
prisoners, both by the express orders of San-
ta Anna himself, being but the repetition of the
enormities of Hidalgo and his successors: a
priesthood, cruel and rapacious, ready to estab-
lish the inquisition, denouncing the liberty of con-
science as a crime, and yet with scarcely even a
profession of piety, pre eminent only for the most
daring profligacy and the most revolting licentious-
ness. Such, with very few exceptions, are the ar-
my and priesthood of Mexico. And now as to the '
people: Five-sixths of the whole, by the latest esti-
mate, are of the mixed races, speaking more than
twenty different languages, composed of every poi-
sonous compound of blood and color—Indians, Afri-
cans, mulattoes, Zambos, Chinos, and Mestizos.
Speaking of the people of Mexico, Mr. Jefferson
says:
"The achievement of their independence of Spam is no
longer a question. But it is a very serious one what will
then become of them7 Ignorance and bigotry, like other
"" insanities, are incapable of self-government. They will fall
under military despotisms, and become the murderous tools
of the ambition of their respective Bonapartes.''—4 Jejfer-
son's Con capondence,}). 304.
Can such a people subdue and govern the Ameri-
can race in Texas? and if they could, ought we to
consent to establish this ignorant and fanatical color-
ed population upon the borders of Louisiana and
Arkansas, m contact with the slave population, and
within the very heart of the valley of the Mississip-
pi? No, it could never be permitted,; and the great
principle of self-preservation would fully justify us
m the reaimexation of Texas, rather than suffer it
to fall into the hands of the semi-barbarous hordes
of Mexico, now openly engaged in the crusade of
abolition, prepared, in peace, to stimulate the servile
population to revolt and massacre, and in case of
another war with England, sure to be her friends
and allies. If Mexico should renew the war against
Texas, and fail again, the treaty of annexation
would have been a kind and friendly act, and saved
her from deep disgrace and injury. But if Mexico
could gucceed, and reoccupy with her colored races
the territory of Texas, it would render the duty of
ratifying this tieaty still more clear and obvious,
as a measure absolutely essential to the safety of
New Orleans, and the security of the people of the
South and Southwest.
Jn conclusion, Mr. President, I cannot vote for
any of the resolutions submitted by the senator
from -Missouri, I cannot vote for die first resohiiion,
because it assumes the existence of a war; whereas
1 believe that no actual war is now waged by Mex-
ico against Texas. I cannot vote for the second,
because, although it is quite true that Congress
alone can declare war, yet if war should be declared
against us, as the result of a treaty of alliance, of suc-
cor, of guaranty, of cession, or of any other just
treaty, such a consequence would constitute no con-
stitutional or valid objection to the ratification of
such a treaty. And I shall vote against the last res-
olution, because it incurs the hazard of delay and
postponement to a period uncertain and underter-
mined. It asks also, as a condition of the reannexa-
tion of Texas at this time, the consent of Mexico,
thereby by implication asserting that Mexico is
still the sovereign de jure of Texas, that her free-
men are the subjects of Santa Anna, and not the
rightful rulers of their government,^although erected
and maintained by the majesty of the people's will.
It seems to me, also, that to ask the consent of Mex-
ico, before we make the treaty, is not only to ac-
knowledge the right of Mexico to Texas; but to
denationalize the republic of Texas, from whom
we seek to make the purchase. To acknowledge
the right of Mexico, and require her consent in ad-
vance, is, I fear, in fact, to ask the consent of Eng-
land, under whose influence Mexico now acts; and
England, we know, will never advise Mexico 10 as-
sent to our reacquisition of Texas. This resolution
also, whilst it proposes to purchase "Texas, and a
large territory between Red river and the Ar-
kansas," yet it excludes this large territory, as
does the speech of the senator from Missouri,
from the boundaries of Texas, and thereby
renders it impossible to purchase that territory from
Texas. To exclude that territory from Texas—
to whom, in my opinion, it rightfully belongs, and
from whom I would purchase it at this period, un-
der this treaty—is to subject us to the most immi-
nent hazard of the total loss of all that important ter-
ritory; and would, however much such a conse-
quence might be, as it certainly would be, lamented
by the honorable senator, yet it seems to me it would
be an inevitable consequencc, and thus remutilate
the streams and redismember the valley of the Wes*.
If this territory north of Red river is not within the
limits of Texas, it still belongs to Mexico, from
whom, I fear, it never could be obtained. It has
been proved in a former part of this speech, that this
country north of Red river is within the rightful
limits and actual possessi®n of Texas; and as such I
would purchase it from her, by whom it is now
offered; and not from Mexico, from whom I fear it
never can be obtained, especially if thus conceded to
be within her rightful boundary.
Having voted against these resolutions, and all
other molons for delay or postponement, I shall, in
accordance with every feeling of my heart, and every
dictate of my judgment, record my vote in favor of
the ratification of this treaty. Now, Mr. President,
is the safe—now the accepted time for the accom-
plishment of this great measure, fraught with such
countless blessings and benefits to the whole Ameri-
can Union. Now, ere another year has closed
upon us, I wish to sec British intrigues and British
influence forever expelled from the republic of Tex-
as, and the ever glorious ensign of my beloved coun-
try unfolded throughout its borders. Such a result
would indeed be great and glorious; it would be
hailed with rejoicing from the St. Croix to the Del
Norte; the swelling heart of every unprejudiced and
true American would beat with joy, and England
would feel as she did when her armies surrendered
at Yorktown, and the forces of Pakenham retired
discomfited from the plains of Orleans. But should
it be otherwise—should the treaty fail, and Texas
be lost to the Union—great will be the joy of Eng-
land; for it will be a British triumph, achieved in the
American Capitol,Stud by the votes of American
senators.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
REMARKS OF MR. SEVIER,
OF ARKANSAS.
Ill Senate, June 7, 1844.—In executive session on
the Texas treaty.
Mr. SEVIER said:
Mr. President: There has been 110 measure be-
fore the Senate, in my time, which, in my judgment,
was calculated to confer upon the whole country
such great and lasting public benefits as the acquisi-
tion of Texas. Since I have been in public life, I
h&ve never bcfii fallfil if veto upon any cnje&tiosi.
about the favorable result of which I have felt, and
still feel, such great and intense anxiety. It is a
measure involving, as I consider, the future welfare
of this country; and, so regarding it, I have wit-
nessed with indescribable pain and humiliation the
intemperate discussions of this great question-—dis-
cussions, which I consider to a great extent irrele-
vant, and based wholly upon fancied* and immate-
rial issues. I have witnessed with equal regret and
mortification .the proceedings of the Senate upon
this treaty—proceedings which Fregard as injudi-
cious, unjustifiable, unprecedented, and unexampled
in the conduct of our foreign relations, from the
foundation of the government.
Sir, Texas was ours, by the treaty of 1803. It was
a part of Louisiana, which extended, in a southwest
direction, to the Rio Grande del Norte. It was ceded
to a foreign power by the treaty of 1819, for and in
part consideration of the purchase of the Floridas.
It was ceded away in express violation of the terms
of the 3d article of the treaty of Louisiana. It was ce-
ded without the knowledge or consent of the people of
Texas, who, at that time, were citizens of the United
States. A few years after this unwise and inglorious
cession, an attempt was made by Mr. Adams to re-
purchase it. A similar attempt was made by Gen.
Jackson, in his administration. These credible and
patriotic efforts were unsuccessful. And now, sir,
after the lapse of five and twenty years, this same
Texas, this mutilated portion of the valley of the
Mississippi which, in 1819, was so reluctantly,
shamelessly, and unconstitutionally ceeded away—.
this same Texas which Mr. Adams and Gen. Jack-
son attempted in vain to repurchase—is now, sir,
gratuitously and honorably, in an improved condition,
offered to the United States; it is offered by the unani-
mous consent of the whole population of Texas;
it is offered with the unanimous consent of those
who have the unquestioned right to grant it; and the
Senate of the United States, on behalf of the United
States, refuse—yes, sir, refuse to ,accept, for their
country, this splendid and invaluable donation!
Will their countrymen—will the world credit it?
Can they imagine or conceive of such folly?
We refuse to accept a country contiguous and ad-
joining us, inhabited by _ our own brethren and de-
scendants, large enough to make four States as
large and as populous as the State of Virginia—a
country necessary for our defence and security, by
land and by sea; necessary for the comfort, easy
subsistence, and happiness, of our posterity—a
country necessary to enable us to monopolize,
through the instrumentality of slave labor, the pro-
ductions of cotton and sugar, and other southern
productions, not only for the supply of our own
markets, but the markets of the world; productions
which tend more successfully to insure our peace
and security than a standing army; and yet we refuse
to accept it; and in what manner and for what reasons?
Mr. President, the manner of our refusal, under
the circumstances attending it, is, in my judgment,
highly reprehensible. We refuse the acceptance of
Texas, by insulting the republic of Texas;
by a novel and unprecedented order of the Sen-
ate, without consulting the ministers of Texas
in regard to it; and during the pendency of the
treaty before the Senate, we publish to the world the
secret and confidential correspondence of that repub-
lic with our own government: for what objects, it
does not become me to say. In the face of our
own grave and solemn acknowledgment of Texas,
as an independent power, and with whom, as such,
we have had treaties of amity, commerce, and
limits; in the face of similar acknowledgments by
Belgium, Holland, Prance, and England, we de-
nounce her, in the face of all these testimonials to
the contrary, as still being an insurrectionary prov-
ince of Mexico. Her citizens have been branded
with eveiy opprobrious epithet—ingrates, rebels,
land speculators, stockjobbers, refugees for crime
or debt; and for everything else not included m the
definitions of honesty and patriotism. One senator
[Mr. Jarn-aginI has gone still further. He laughs
at Texas for lier weakness and poverty; derides
her for the want of an army, and taunts her for her
public necessities, which induced her to sell her
navy at auction. And by such disclosures and un-
friendly denunciations as these, we stimulate and
invite Mexico—a people whose history proves them
to be incapable of self-government; a people,
bigoted, superstitious, cruel and ignorant; crossed,
in the first place, in blood, with the Moor
and Spaniard, and recrossed with the negro
and Indian—to renew against Texas a war which
, Iir? Jpnst since en4t-4: to p-oew a vax by giich 5.
