CONGRESSIOtfAt. 6LOBF,
?A
 PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong ....1st Sess.   SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1844. Volume 13....No,^ 35.
[ Continued from JVo. 34.
ingi and the whole country was prosperous. The
bill was passed to relieve the wants of the govern-
ment ana the wants of the people, and it accom-
plished what was promised for it. The wants of
the people have been relieved, and our revenues are
prosperous beyond what they have been for years
past. The gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Payne]
spoke in terms of indignation of the act of 1842,
and called this bill an American bill, and the ques-
tion pending an American question. He should not
pretend to discuss the merits of the bill at this time,
but he would be prepared, when in order to do so,
to show that it was a Birish bill, and a British Ques-
tion. Every duty in it seemed to have been imposed
for the purpose of encouraging British industry, and
discouraging American industry. It was an Amer-
ican question, however, whether the tariff act of
1842, with its beneficent provisions, should still be
permitted to Wess the country. Mr. M. then went
on to argue that the commencement of the operations
of the bill at so early a day as 1st July next would
operate most injuriously on the commerce and man-
ufactures of the country.
Mr. OWEN got the floor, and observed that if it
was in order for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Morris] to discuss the merits of the bill, it cer-
tainly was in order for him to do so.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from Indi-
ana would see that it was impossible for him to pre-
vent the range that the dabate was taking. He
could only decide that a gentleman was irrelevant
when he was called to order.
Mr. STEWART asked if it would be in order
for him to move another day beyond that named in
the motion of the gentleman from North Caro-
hnn.
The CHAIR said that it would not—the mo-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina being an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WINTHROP, by permission of the gentle-
man from Indiana, made a brief explanation of the
effects that the commencement of the bill in July
next' would have on the merchants of Boston.
Mr. OWEN then commenced, his remarks; but
had not proceeded more than two or three minutes,
when
Mr. HUDSON called him to order for irrelevan-
cy. If the gentleman was allowed to speak to the
merits of the bill, he would have no objections, pro-
vided it was with the general understanding that the
debate was to proceed in the same way.
Mr. RHETT observed that, when the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris] was speaking, the
gentleman from Massachusetts did not call him to
order, though he spoke to the whole merits of the
bill, its effects on the revenue, and the business of
the country.
The CHAIR decided that the remarks rof the
gentleman from Indiana were irrelevan t.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and decided in the negative—ayes
48, noes 95.
Mr. STEWART then moved to amend the
amendment by substituting 1846 for 1845, so to
postpone the operations of the bill till 1846.
This amendment was rejected—ayes 70, noes 73.
Mr. STEWART then offered an amendment,
providing that the bill shall not take effect till the 1st
day of January, 1847.
His object (Mr. S. said) was to defeat the bill; and
as the amendment, if carried, would be equivalent to
a rejection, he thought the question might as well be
taken now as any other time.
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order.
Mr..STEWART continued. He proposed to
strike out 1845 and insert 1850, so that the people
wf>uld,in the mean time, have an opportunity to act
upon this bill, which was one of great importance
to'the whole'Union. The existing tariff had been
passed but a year or two ago, in 1842, and there had
been no time yet to determine whether its operation
was beneficial or injurious. He would, however,
add that every section of the country was prosper-
ous.
The CHAIRMAN again intimated to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that he was not confining
himself to the limit which his amendment prescribed.
Mr. STEWART said he was arguing in favor of
his amendment. He was showing that it was prop-
er to postpone the operation of this bill to a distant
day.
Mr. COBB rose to a question of order. If the
Chair decided that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
was out of order, he hoped the rule would be en-
forced, and that the gentleman would be required to
take his seat.
The CHAIRMAN remarked that the question
was confined to a very narrow limit, and he hoped
the gentleman from Pennsylvania would confine
himself to it.
Mr. STEWART said it was a question of time.
The question was, whether they should fix 1845 or
1847? and he deemed it in order to show the pro-
priety of postponing to the latest day.
Mr. CHAPMAN wished the gentleman to say
what his^ motion was, that they might understand
what they were about. Was the gentleman's mo-
tion to postpone to 1847 or to 1850'
Mr. STEWART said his motion was to postpone
to 1847.
Mr. RHETT made a few observations, in which
he was understood to urge the fruitlessness of offer-
ing such an amendment. '
Mr. DICKINSON entreated the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his proposition, that they
might go to the discussion of the principles of the
bill.
M. STEWART was understood to assent.
The CHAIRMAN then put the question on the
original amendment to substitute the 1st January,
1845, for the 1 st September, 1844.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called for tellers, and
Messrs. Stone and Dickinson were appointed, and
they reported 44 in the affirmative, and 75 in the
negative.
So the amendment was not adopted.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR proposed to amend the
first section, in the 14th line, by striking out the
wore "fifteen," and inserting 30.
The object of this amendment was to change the
proposed ad valorem duty on all coarse unmanufac-
tured wool, the value whereof at the last port or
place whence exported to the United States shall be
7 cents or under per pound, from 15 to 30 per cent.
In the bill of 1842 the duty is 5 per cent.
He said he did not propose to enter into the dis-
cussion of the principles of this bill at this time, but
would give way to others who were anxious to
enter into the discussion.
Mr. OWEN then obtained the fioor, and he ad-
dressed the committee at length.
Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana said:
Much has been said about the operation of the
tariff of 1842, and its influence in the country, with
the mere partisan, who seeks not for truth for its own
sake, but for whatever may be held up plausibly
before the country as a good instrument of party
warfare. It seems sufficient to say the tariff was
passed in 1842: ibis is 1844; we are prospering now,
therefore the tariff of 1842 is the cause of the pros-
perity of 1844. This is his reasoning, and he does
not suppose that any man is vain enough to stop by
the wayside and make inquiries. But with this
wholesale assertion,lie passes on, not supposing for
a moment that the mass of our people will inquire
into this question, and all others for themselves,
and not rest on mere assertion or conclusion of others.
But we shall see how this is.
The act was passed in August, 1842. The business
of the country, all agree, continued, for more than^a
year after its passage, in a state of depression, of in-
activity! It was passed at a time when the nation
was laboring under the consequences of the great
revulsions, commencing in 1837. We had then ac-
quired knowledge from adversity, and a return to a
rigid system of economy was apparent everywhere;
all men were trying to live within their means; there
were fewer debts contracted in 1841 and 1842, than
there had been during any twenty-four months for
more than fifteen years past; the evils of the credit
system were felt and acknowledged by every man;
people every where were straggling to get out of debt,
and limiting their expenditures to the least possible
amount. This I know to be true in my own Stat«,
and I presume it was so in every other. What
would be the consequence of this general fact?
I answer, that several results would follow, independ-
ent of all tariff regulations. If the people were so
universally economizing, they would buy goods to
a limited extent; and this would cut off sales, both
of foreign and domestic manufactures: that is to
say, the people would limit their purchases, whether
the articles were made in Old England or New
England, orin any other manufacturing region. Im-
ports, for this reason, if for no other, would be di-
minished. Such a state of things would reduce the
price of goods, as that is always effected by an in-
creased supply and a diminished demand. This
might, in part, explain the low prices of last year,
ana an increased business of itself might bring up
prices. Prices are now rising on almost every art!
cle of manufacture, whether foreign or domestic
owing to this cause and to the operation of the tar-
iff', as I shall show.
Two things have an existence now, that could not
be said of the country last year—Jl perfectly soimd
currency, and a partial recovery by the people from e t-
barrassinent. This sound currency is the result of two
things—one a fact, the other a principle, or law of
trade; the/«c(is, the withdrawal from circulation of
a worthless currency in the form of bank paper, and
the resumption of specie payments by the solvent
banks. The principle, or law of trade referred to, is
this: that a worthless currency drives a sound cur-
rency out of circulation, and it goes to seek an in-
vestment elsewhere; when the worthless currency
is displaced, the sound one flows back agaill. As
Burke said, "a pound note and a silver dollar never
travel in the stage together."
This is in fact the reason why the precious metals
have flowed into the country in such prodigious
sums for the period during which the purification of m
the currency of the country has been going or; and
the flood-tide has been during the past year. We
see now two causes for this return of the gold and
silver—one a general cause, always operating under
such circumstances; and the other a temporary one,
which must soon cease, and the current set back
again, until the perfect equilibrium of trade shall be
restored, both as to the precious metals and all other
commodities. The temporary cause was mainly
this: We had our trade with England and other
countries. That trade, on our part, consisted in the
raw material for many of her manufactures; and in
the wheat, pork, beef, &c., of which she has bought s
considerable quantities of us for several years past,
for which she paid us in such manufactures as were
needed. She had adapted her trade to ours, and
looked to this country for the accustomed supply.
The cause which I have mentioned, diminishing, for
the time, a demand among us for either American or
foreign manufactures, the price came down; the tariff
interposed, by high duties, a barrier to the importa-
tation of many articles which could not be sold here
so as to pay cost and the duty or tax. The result
was, that, for the necessary annual supply to Eng-
land of our products, she lias paid us a considerable
portion of gold and silver.
At this point the advocate of a high profective ta-
riff looks up and exclaims, a glorious tariff, which
enables us to sell our products for money, instead of
gi ving them m exchange for such commodities as
we need in turn, to promote our comfort and hap-
piness! But let us look at this as men, and not as
partisans. How long will this state of things last?
Does any man believe that a trade between us and
any other nation, especially one with . whom we
trade more than with all Europe beside, can last, if
we do not buy their commodities in exchange for
ours? If we sell, we must buy. The gold and sil-
ver of the world are mere commodities; but they
are of such a character and nature, that they con-
stantly seek a level in the commercial world, as
water does in the natural, and thh they will find. If
we get a much greater proportion of the currency of
the world, by accidental causes or otherwise, it
will, in time, seek and find an outlet. What would
our condition be, if we could get nothing but mo-
ney for all we sell, or if we would take nothing but
money for what we sell, that we should establish
such regulations as these? The fact is, in tsucl? a
