548
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
session of Congress, furnish to all the editors and
publishers of newspapers in the United States, the
aggregate number of which he computet! to be 1,397,
copies (one to each) of the annual messages and
documents printed by order of Congress for distri-
bution.
Mr. D. urged this as an important amendment.
His object was to insure to the editor or publish-
er of every newspaper a copy of important
documents for general reference in his neighbor-
hood. It would not incur additional expense, for he
belieVed, according to the present practice, pub-
lishers of some papers received five or six copies
each from different members of Congress, while'
some editors of papers were wholly neglected, and
never got any.
Mr. BUCHANAN considered this a mere work
of supererogation. The franking privilege in re-
lation to these documents remained undisturbed by
the bill, and members of Congress would pay the
compliment of sending copies to the newspapers,
whether the officers of both House were to furnish
them or not.
- Mr. MERRICK protested against the amendment
as unnecessary and embarrassing.
Mr. DAYTON maintained the propriety and ad-
vantages of his amendment.
Mr. ARCHER pointed out many difficulties
"which would embarrass the officers of both Houses
in carrying out this provision—such as the diffi-
culty ot knowing all the changes, the increase or
diminution of newspapers, &c.; and, besides,he urged
that it would be throwing a great and unnecessary
labor upon the Secretary of the Senate, and Clerk
of the House, both of whom had their own duties to
occupy their time and attention.
The amendment Was rejected.
Mr. ARCHER observed, in reference to the 8th
and 9th sections, that the franking privilege had been
placed altogether on a footing dissatisfactory to him,
and lie douoterl not to a large number of senators
who viewed that privilege as one of more impor-
tance to their constituency than to themselves.
He believed the objections urged against the
franking privilege, and the abuses generally com-
plained of, related chiefly to the transmission by the
mail of printed matter, such as political speeches,
•ti-., and not to the mere correspondence of mem-
ber.!, or the receipt or transmission of manuscript
letters. He asked, if the privilege were confined to
the manuscript coirespondence, what the postage
would amount to.
Mr. MERRICK replied, about $30,000, or $40,-
Mr. ARCHER thought this sum would be in-
considerable, compared with the advantages of
continuing the free intercouaae, by correspondence,
between members and their constituents. He
should therefore move to strike out all after the 4th
line, in the 8th section, and insert after the words,
"That each member of the Senate, each member of
the House of Representatives, and each delegate
iiom a Territory of the United States," the woids,
"Shall be authorised to frank and receive hereafter,
Irtiers in manuscript, not exceeding one-half ounce
in weight each." He explained that if this amend-
ment should prevail, he would move such further
amendments with the regard to the 8th and 9th sec-
tions as should be necessary in relation to the. heads
of departments, &c.
Mr. BUCHANAN considered the principle of
'■heap postage, and the continuance of the franking
imwlege, even in the form proposed, incompatible.
Mr. MERRICK iku. very sorry his friend from
Virginia had offeied such an amendment, particu-
larly after the bill had been settled down upon in
tlie form in which it was now printed.
Mr. ARCHER appealed to the Senate if the ob-
jections to the franking privilege, heretofore urged
fioiii different sections of the country, would not be
greatly removed if the sacks and packages of
■peeches and printed political matter, weighing
down the mails under the present system, could be
'.rot rid of. He knew of no better way to accom-
plish this, than that of confining the franking privi-
lege to the manuscript correspondence of members
and their constituents. •
Mr. MERRICK made a few remarks in reply.
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, who expressed a
desire to say something on the subject ®f the pend-
ing amendment,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 23,1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. Pollock, member elect from Pennsylvania,
was introduced, qualified, and took his seat.
Mr. HOPKINS rose and moved a call of the
House, for the especial benefit, he remarked, of
those who were yesterday apparently so eager that
the House should meet at 10 o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, and the call was pro-
ceeded with; but, after a few moments, was dis-
pensed with; and
Mr. McKAY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the pur-
pose of proceeding with the consideration of the
tariff bjll.
The motion was withdrawn for a moment, how-
ever, to permit the reference of the following execu-
tive communications to appropriate committees:
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a report in relation to wrought iron cannon;
which letter and report were referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
A letter from the second Auditor of the Treasury
Department, transmitting copics of such accounts as
have been rendered by persons charged with the dis-
bursement of money, goo'ds, &c., for the benefit of
the Indians, from the 1st of October, 1842, to the
30th of September, 1843, inclusive, with a list of
names of persons to whom goods, moneys, or ef-
fects have been delivered; which letter, &c., were re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. McKAY renewed his motion, and it was
agreed to; and the House accordingly resolved itself
into Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. HorKiNs in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. J. A. WRIGHT proceeded this morning to
finish his argument. He presented a table of the
imports under the present tariff, showing that, for
nine months, the whole dutiable goods imported
were but twenty-nine millions of dollars, on which
the whole revenue derived was but ten millions and
a fraction over; and of this revenue, more than four
millions were collected on twenty-three articles of
indispensable necessity, of the value of about seven
millions—showing that the duty collected on those
articles of prime necessity was 58 per cent., while
that collected on the articles of luxury—silks, wines,
&c.—was about 25 per cent.; proving that the tariff
of 1842 rested upon the labor of the country, and
not upon the wealth of the country, where it should
rest..
He remarked that the policy of some was, to ex-
tract the largest amount of revenue they could from
the smallest amount of imports. For his part, he
did not believe that this was the true policy of an
agricultural people. Their interest was to raise a
sufficient amount of revenue to carry on this gov-
ernment from the largest amount of imports; and
the history of this government proves this fact.
I assume this position, that a 15 per cent, tariff
now, is more ojierous in its bearing upon the people
than a 25 per cent, tariff was from 1833 to 1837, owing
to the change in the currency; and I think that this is
susceptible of the clearest demonstration. If we
look at the sudden rise of all descriptions of goods,
lands, and produce, from 1833 to 1837, almost dou-
ble the price from the article of cotton to the article
of wool, and had time to see its effects connected
as it was with the inflation of our currency, the im-
portation of wheat in 1837, the price that the same
brought, the duty paid on the same, this would be
most manifest.
The duty acts as prohibition m one state of the
currency, but it never acts as a bounty or protection to
the foreigner. He conies in, not because of the
duty, but in spite of it, under an inflated currency.
He$>ays the duty, and the consumer pays it to him;
and he receives the advanced price occasioned by the
inflation. The consumer pays that duty—but he
does more—he pays a similar price to the producer
of the home article. The difference is, that part of
the price of the foreign article goes into the treasury,
but none of the price of the home product.
It is one of the cases, too, where the consumer
pays the duty; and yet it comes out of the pocket of
the importer, who would get the whole price if there
was no duty. This is the result of an inflated cur-
rency. It would be a good result much to be de-
sired if it were not true; 1st, that such an inflation in-
vites foreign competition, and swells the supply
frequently beyond the demand; 2d, that it occasions
a drain of specie, because our commodities cannot
be bought at ourpiiccs and sold in the foreign country
at sound currency prices. The result of which is a
revulsion. The runs on the banks take place; sus-
pension foliows;"a debt is left against the country, to
be slowly paid by the sluggish sales of our staple
commodities to pay off old balances, and prosperity
only returns with an equalized currency which pro-
duces a healthy trade.
But to show the effect of the currency upon the
imports of the country, it will only be necessary to
examine the following table:
Foreign Imports and Domestic Exports of the United States
Exports.
101,189,082
1835,
1836,
1837,
1838,
1839,
1840,
1841,
1842,
1833,
1836,
1837,
183S,
1839,
1840,
1841,
1842,
106,916,680
96,564,414
96,033,821
103,633,891
113,895,634
106,382,722
92,969,996
II*
149,896,742
189,980,035
140,989,217
113,717,404
162,092.132
107,141,419
127,946,177
100,162,087
Increas,e
Decrease,
Increase,
Increase,
Increase,
Decrease,
Decrease,
Increase,
Decrease,
Decrease,
Increase,
Decrease,
Increase,
Decrease,
5,727,398
11,352,266
469,407
7,500,070
10,361,743
7,512,912
13,412,726
40,084,293
48,990,818
27,271,813
48,374,728
54,960,613
20,804,658
27,784,090
It will be seen by this table, that within the past eieht
years the greatest variation from year to year in the value
of our exports was $11,352^66, while the imports have va-
ried in one year, from 1839 to 1340, $64,950,613. We sec in
these great "fluctuations the cause of the revulsions of trade.
The movements of the banks, to a great extent, produce
these ups and downs. An expansion oi the currency creates
an advance in prices, and foreign manufactures are pressed
into the market immediately to take the benefit of first
prices. A great abundance of paper money depreciates the
value of the currency. Foreign manufactures seeking mar-
kets will naturally rush to that holding out the greatest
piofits. Foreign manufacturers keep themselves well in-
formed upon matters connected with our finances, knowing
that a sound specic currency destroys our markets for their
goods. The value of our circulating medium regulates for-
eign imports. The fluctuations in both, exhibited in the
above tables, shows how intimately the two movements are
connected. An inflated, depreciated currency , would pro-
duce large importations under any scale ol duties.
And there can be nothing clearer than the fact
that a 15 per cent, tariff now, is equal in its protec-
tion to the American manufacturer,. that 25 per
cent, was some years since, under the bloated and
inflated currency; and that it is equally onerous in
its bearing upon the people.
In a sound currency state, then, the tariff is the
only thing which affects prices, except supply and
demand. If an article comes from a country where
it can be produced lower than we can produce it, the
tariff will either affect the price paid by our con-
sumer, or it will prohibit its introduction. If it
affects the price, so far the consumer pays the duty.
If it prohibits, mark the result. The consumer is
left to buy the dearer article manufactured here; and
he lias another very important thing to do, and that
is, he must pay his quota of revenue, that is neces-
sary to carry on the government, on some other art-
icle, or he must do so by direct taxation.
An idea is very frequently advanced, that com-
petition brings down prices. This is true to a given
extent. In trading with a country where an article
is not produced, and where there is not the capacity
for production, the seller, if he have the whole market
to himself, fixes the prices as he chooses, having no
other rule but the capacity of the consumer to pay.
In such cases, many traders might combine to keep
up prices. In the commerce we have with the differ-
ent parts of the world, we are not reduced to the con-
dition of such a class of consumers. The bands of
sa-voges of North America have been such consu-
mers, and they have been, so far as trade has been
conducted with them, the subjects of the most
avaricious exactions. We are not so circumstanced.
Our people produce every variety of raw material
or manufactured, from the toy that the school
boy sports with, to Fulton's thunderbolt. In such a case
the foreigner finds competition now; but competi-
tion cannot bring prices down below a given point
That point is the cost of production, and a fair
profit on capital. Bring it below this point, and
capital is withdrawn until, by diminishing the sup-
ply, the product rises to the same point again.
In regard to any article, one of three things is
true—either it is produced in a foreign country,
lower than in ours, or at the same price, or above it.
Now, if it be produced lower than in ours—if the
tariff exceed the difference—it is prohibited, and no
duty is raised. If it is produced at the same cost,
any tariffwill operate as prohibition, and no duty is
