S62
APPENDIX TO TME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844,
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
nlation of the southern country, black sUid white,
bond and free, including North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi,
and Arkansas, (excluding Louisiana, a tariff State,)
is only 3,157,667; and deducting from this number
those who are engaged in manufactures and trades,
the balance would scarcely equal in numbers the
manufacturers and mechanics of the, country. The
South, too, produces for itself the most of what it
wants; while ?>ur mechanics and manufacturers pro-
duce almost nothing connected with agriculture.
Convert these consumers of agricultural products
into producers, and every farmer of the country
Scoops the consequence.
"But this home market, it is said, is obtained at
the expense of all the markets in the world; that
our duties shut the ports of the world against our
produce. But this is not so; each nation shuts its
own ports precisely as we have done If we laid no
duty, our farmers could not exchange their produce
abroad at its intrinsic value for foreign manufac-
tures at their intrinsic valne. There is not a nation
with which we trade to any considerable extent
which does not charge heavier duties upon our agri-
cultural produce, before the same can be unshipped
in their ports, than we charge upon their man-
ufactures before they can be unshipped in ours. It is
so with the present British tariff. That country
raised on the imports ft'om this, through the years
1838, 1839, and 1840, an average duty of fifty and a
half per cent. But this does not give a fair idea of
the extent of their duties, because on many arlicles
the duty is so heavy that we cannot export them at
all. A.iid if reliance may be placed upon a report
of a committee of the American Institute, published
last January in the city of New York, the average
duties on forty-eight articles the growth and produc-
tion of the United States (all of which, it is said,
are, or might be, exported) is two hundred and
eighty-nine per cent, upon the New York market
price of the articles. Excluding from the list cotton,,
tobacco, sugar, and some other articles not grown
by the farmer, or which are charged with duties in
a manufactured state, and the same report would
make the average duties on eighteen articles,
commonly grown or produced by him, upwards of
one hundred and three and a half per cent. But, as
I have no means at hand of verifying the accuracy
of these estimates, I prefer copying them from the
report, that each may judge for himself.
Exhibit of rates of duty levied by the present British
tariff on the following articles:
Articles.
O O o
Rate on
quanti
Apples, per bushel
Do dried -
Bacon, hams, per 112 pounds -
JBcef, per barrel -
Benns, per bushel
Butter, per 11*2 pounds -
Candles, do -
Cheese, do -
'-'irier, per barrel
Corn, Indian, average per bush.
Hour, average per bairel
Hops, per 112 pounds
I'ork, do -
Staves, hogshead, per 120
Tallow, pez 112 pounds -
Vinegar, per barrel
"Wheat, average per bushel
"Wool, per pound
Average duty on 13 articles
then,
r>o
$1 CO
6 72
5 75
1 00
13 41
1-2 32
6 60
1 00
54
4 70
7 81
5 60
4 50
7 84
6 00
1 00
25
£ s. d
!o 0 6
!0 2 0
10 14 0
0 16 0
jO 0 10
11 0 0
!u 10 o
!0 10 6
I 1.) 0
'0 0
0 6
U io o
'0 8 0
Io 7 0
k> 3 2
,3 3 0
;o l 4
io 0 1
llate per
cent.
24
48
oO
67
20
36
19
15
S10
33*
34
41
9
2,52
32
8
1867
Suppose, then, it were true that the fanner paid
an average of 34 or 35 per cent, on manufactures at
home, where he pays nothing on the sale of his own
production: would it not be wiser than to pay afar
heavier duty on his own produce abroad? The
glaring error is in applying the same doctrines to
me northern and western farmers, which the South
applies plausibly, although erroneously, to its cot-
ton. The planter enters his crop abroad at 7 J per
cent, only, while the farmer, who shall resort to the
same market, must pay a duty on his crop abso-
lutely ruinous. Ana yet we are told that the whole
South, using the foreign market, is wasting away;
we have had a picture, by the senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. McDuffie,] of its calamitous condi-
tion, which made the heart ache; we could almost
i ee
"The serpents crecp, and the wild beasts stray,
"Where 4s chambers of asd its proud walls lay,-*
And yet it is recommended that the farmers, un- 11
der far greater disadvantages, shall abandon the
home market, and buy and sell abroad.
But the consumer does not pay the full amount of
the duty. It is admitted, on all hands, that at least
part of the duty is paid abroad. We contend that,
although the immediate effect of the duty is some-
times to raise the price, it is never to the extent of
the duty; and that the final result, on articles where
we can compete, has been uniformly to lower prices.
It gives to our own manufacturers a steady market;
it gets up competition at home; it relieves from the
ups and downs, the impositions and extortions,
practised upon us by combinations abroad. All
this argument is hooted at by the senator from New
Hampshire, who sums up what he has to say upon
the subject by a single illustration: "Duties, says he,
increase price as naturally as fuel increases fire/' I
will give him a better illustration; protective duties
are not adding fuel to fire, but flame to flame. It is
the system of "fighting fire," as woodsmen term it;
a scene of wild magnificence, which the senator
may have seen among the hills of New Hampshire.
The cloud is seen gathering afar off—black smoke
and rolling flame.. The hardy woodsman, snuffing
the gale, finds the wind will bring the fire on his
cabin. He does not wait the threatened destruction,
but anticipates its coming; with his own hand he
lights up the woods around him, and no sooner do
the raging flames meet, than both go out. It is
thus, by counter production of the same article, that,
when it and the foreign meet in our market, both
sink to a mere living profit, and nothing beyond it.
But there is still another matter which, in con-
nection with the home market, seems to trouble the
imagination of the senator. These large cotton
mills and woollen establishments (he says) are mo-
nopolies, hot-beds, &c., which have destroyed that
honest, old-fashioned home manufacture, so much
regretted by liiin. Well, sir, if this be so, it is what
the lawyers call "damnum absque injuriaBut even
this is not so; the farmer may again bring down the
big wheel whose merry hum in the olden time gave
life to labor; he may grope his way through the cob-
webs to his loom, and there again ply the shuttle; he
may load his wagon for market by the side of a
steam engine; in a wurd, he may choose between
the present and the past. He may abandon his
wife and fall m love with his grandmother. But,
whatever may be the taste of some politicians, the
farmers, the young farmers of the country, the
children of this world, and not of the last, know
where to choose. They abandon home manufactures
of choice; and because these cotton mills, &c. sell
them goods cheaper than they can afford to make
them. In the mean time their industry is employed
in a field where it will produce as much now us ever
it would. They raise a bushel of wheat as easily as
they ever did; and for that bushel they get three
yards of cotton cloths, where they got but one be-
fore. Their property or their industry has in-
creased in value just so much. Value is relative, it
matters not whether my property doubles in price,
or whether that for which it is my business to ex-
change it, sinks one-half; the effect is the same. It
is thus that all the improvements of modern times
are peculiarly beneficial to our farming interests.
Every invention in machinery, every increased
facility in transportation, every discovery in the
physical sciences, the explorations in chemistry,
geology, and mineralogy, all pour their treasures
into the lap of agriculture, the great nursing mother
of mankind.
In estimating the returns of capital invested in
lands, as compared with that invested m manufac-
tures, one thing seems to me to have been forgotten;
and that is the annual increase in ihe value of the
capital, the land itself. While capital invested in
manufactures is wearing itself out at the rate of 8 or
10 per cent, annually, it is directly the reverse with
that invested in lands. Through the East and
West, that husbandry which brings the best return
for the labor and capital expended, at the same time
makes constant addition to the value of the land it-
self. It is difficult to ascertain, with any certainty,
the extent of that animal increase. In the following
States, however, to wit: Neiv Hampshire, Massa-
chusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Vermont, New
York, Delaware, Maryland, North Carolina, and
Tennessee, valuations have been made of their lands
at different times, and the decennial increase in val-
ue was 68 per cent.; equal to almost 7 per cent, per
annum. It is true that increased quantities of land
must have been brought into cultivation between
the two valuations, but principally from the profit
of land already in culture. The decennial increase of
population in the same States was but 30.8 per cent.
—leaving a difference between the annual increase
in the value of lands and population of more than
3£ per cent.
'I regret that I have not the data to show the citi-
zens of my own State the annual increase in the
value of their lands; persuaded as I am that no State
in the Union has, as a whole, grown in value faster
than it within the last ten or fifteen years. An ex-
amination of its annual production in-agriculture, as
compared with the numbers employed in it, gives
me a fact of which I am proud, and which its farm-
ers ought to know. New Jersey and Pennsylvania
yield more value for the same amount of labor than
any other of the farming States of the Union.
New Jersey yields per capita - $285 88
Pennsylvania yields per capita - 328 53
This yield, per capita, assumes the numbers em-
ployed in agriculture, as given by the last census,
which counts the man employed as one, not regard-
ing his family.
The production of those two States is far beyond
the production of any other of the farming States,
and the value per capita is indeed almost double the
majority of them.
Of the planting States, Louisiana is very far the
heaviest producer, in proportion to the numbers
employed—the amount per capita being §288 20;
being three dollars per head beyond the production
of New Jersey, and standing in the Union next after
Pennsylvania.
The productiveness of New Jersey and Pennsyl-
vania will cause no surprise when we recollect that
the value of productions consists not in amount
only, but in convenience of market. The farmers
of those States have been peculiarly benefited by in-
ternal improvements and local maikets—that Amer-
ican system of which we hear so much. The lime-
stone of one region and the marl beds of another,
have thus been thrown broadcast over the land.
The agricultural produce of some is within reach of
a railroad, and for such the steam engine is made to
"fetch and carry" like a spaniel dog; others again
are within reach of a canal; others off from our
thoroughfares, and within hearing of the water-
wheel, or within sight of the forge and furnace fires
or glass works which dot the country, thus afford-
ing local markets to every neighborhood.
With us no interest is more flourishing than the
agricultural interest. I would appeal to every far-
mer, let him look through his own neighborhood. Is
it not becoming every year better ditched, better
drained, and better cleared? Is there not a comfort
and abundance among the farmers unknown among
other classes? While tradesmen and others are
forced to a stinted, pinched up economy in their
living, the home of the farmer is a place of plenty;
"cornucopia" is one of the emblems of agricul-
ture.
I have no faith in that oppression which needs
argument and metaphysics to prove it. When the
farmer looks over his green fields and abundant
harvest; when he and his meet at the family board
and invoke God's blessing, with thanks for its abun-
dance, let him distrust that voice which "squats at
his ear," whispering "you are pilfered and oppressed
by your neighbor!" It is poison, rank poison,
which will sour his affections and corrupt his heart.
The interests of the farmer, manufacturer, and me-
chanic, are all crossed and intei woven in a thousand
ways—the web and woof of society. As their in-
terests have a common end and destiny, so let their
sympathies unite. However well-meant, he is no
friend to either who would sow among them the
scerls of jealousy and strife. This, the practical
sense of the farming community will, I trust, not
fail to discover. We have solemn assurance, that
"he that diggeth a pit shall fall into it. and whoso
breaketh a hedge a serpent shall bite him."
But, sir, when senators talk of this system of pro-
tection to manufactures being a means of plunder-
ing the agriculturist, I ask the agriculturist to look
abroad; let him remember that this system of pro-
tection is almost universal among the nations of the
earth; and let him remember, too, that the agricul-
tural interest has everywhere the preponderance of
power. It is so in the councils of despotism, of
monarchies, and of republics. It is so here and
now, as it has been heretofore and elsewhere. If
then it be true, that this system is one of "skinning
the farmers," the whole agricultural world, with the
power in their own hands, have for at'Jeast from a
quarter to a half a century been engaged in the un-
flstuml operation of fckinrung themselves, ll'^ory
