April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
28th Cokg 1st Sess
The Tariff—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
affords no instance of any interest having thus
turned felo-de-se. Were the position true that pro-
tection to manufactures was hostile to the farming
interest, the agriculture of the old world would long
since have been dead; ay, and justly buried at the
cross road, with a stake through its body.
But, sir, the opinions of Franklin have been in-
voked by the senator against the system of protec-
tion. Some question had been made as to what
those opinions were, and the senator said, in order
to see how the real truth was, "and the conclusions
to which his great experience and unrivalled sagacity
had reached on this subject, I have taken some pains
to run through portions of his works, and, without
giving much that is pertinent, will trouble the Sen-
ate with a few extracts from them." Then follow
extracts from different volumes of his works. The
closing one is as follows:
"Great establishments of manufacture rcquiie great num-
bers of poor to do the work for small wages; those poor are
to be found in Europe, but will not be found in America till
the lands are ail taken up and cultivated, and the excess of
people who cannot get land, want employment. The man-
ufacture of silk, they say, is as natural in France as that of
cloth in England, bccause each country produces in plenty
the iirst material; but if England will have a manufactuie of
silk as weli as that of cloth, and Fiance of cloth as well as
that of silk, these unnatural operations must be supported
by mutual prohibitions, or high duties on the importation of
each other's goods; by winch means the workmen are ena-
bled to tax the home consumer by greater prices, while the
higher wages they receive makes them neither happier nor
richer, since they only drink more and work less. There-
fore the governments m America do nothing to encourage
such projects.1'
Ay, sir; and is that what the senator calls a con-
clusion of "great experience and unrivalled sagaci-
ty?" "By which means the workmen are enabled
to tax the home consumer by greater prices, while
the higher wages they receive make them neither
happier nor richer, since they only drink more, and
work less!" Much is to be forgiven to the great
man who penned that sentiment half a century ago.
He had not before him the lights of our experience.
He judged by what he knew of the workshops of
the old world; but that a statesman of our day—a
statesman of New England, too—should have ex-
tracted that sentiment, should have incorporated it
into his speech, and stamped upon it the seal of his
approbation, is to me matter of unbounded surprise.
The whole of the extract I have copied might well
have been omitted. The first sentence of it has been
utterly disproved. Experience shows it does not
"require great numbers of poor to do the work for
small wages;" but if the senator felt disposed to ex-
tract and sanction that, he might at least have con-
cluded at that part of the extract which alleges that
the workmen arc thus "enabled to tax the home
consumer by greater prices." The sentence and
the sentiment would thus have been complete, with-
out that most unjust imputation which follows upon
the workmen of the country. I cannot but think
that the opinions of Franklin upon this subject, al-
though endorsed by the high authority of the sena-
tor, nave lost something of their weight by the expe-
rience of the last fifty years.
[Mr. Woodbury here begged permission to ex-
plain; and the floor being yielded to him, he said
that his object in citing those extracts was merely
to show what the opinions of Franklin were; and
that he did not mean to adopt them as his own.]
Mr. Dayton proceeded. I am glad the senator
does not adopt them. We were certainly justified in
supposing he approved of them, when he introduced
them into his speech as conclusions of Franklin's
"great experience and unrivalled sagacity." When,
in speaking of any particlar subject, we commend a
man's great experience and sagacity, we naturally
infer that it is not on general matters only, but more
particularly in reference to the matter in hand. But
these opinions of Franklin, it seems, were quoted,
not to sanction them, nor for any value or woith the
senator attached to them, but merely to show what
they in fact were; and therefore I leave them without
further remark.
A further complaint is made that too much of our
government income is raised from customs; but then
it is conceded that we raise no more than we want; and
indirect taxation upon consumption is surely better
than direct taxation upon property. If the latter be
adopted, it will fall with a double force upon the
agricultural interest, which owns the large mass of
the ostensible property of the country; and upon the
planting interest it would fall with a force quad-
rupled. It would call into exercise that latent power
of the constitution which requires that a direct tax
be levied upon a slave basis, in a proportion con-
forming to their representation.
But, sir, a complaint of heavy taxation in this
country savors much of that unreasonable spirit
which we are apt to find in the spoiled children of
affluence and indulgence. It almost seems an un-
grateful return to a kind Providence for all its mer-
cies to us as a people. While the Old World has
suffered under the agony of that torture known to
to the old law, '''peineforte el dure;11—a weight upon
its breast, heavier, and heavier, and heavier!—the
burden upon us, as a whole, has rested lightly as a
cork upon a billow. There has scarely been a feath-
er's weight upon the country at large.
Pennsylvania, for instance, has felt herself dread-
fully oppressed; could scarcely stagger under her
load; reeled and tripped like a drunken man at ev-
ery third step; yet the annual taxation of her citi-
zens, per capita, neccssary to meet every claim upon
her, would be about one-fifth the amount which has
been paid annually by the British subject of the
United Kingdom for nearly half a century. But
upon that, the Keystone State, a brighter day is
dawning; unless it come, and come quickly, the
next stone in the arch—of small size, but sound ma-
terial—should be baptized with her name. But,
whatever may have been her past, I have not a doubt
of her future; and, in this connection, I might re-
mind her funnei s that those improvements which
have created her debt are a principal cause of the
immense \alue of their agricultural productions—a
value far beyond and wholly disproportioned to that
of any other State of the Union.
But the agriculturists of our country have an in-
terest in the protection of manufactures of a more
enlarged character. If any interest may specially
be called the country's, it is theirs. They have a
deep interest in this question, as a question of polit-
ical economy—of national wealth. When they are
invoked to abandon manufactures, and buy and sell
abroad, they will count the cost.
1. The country is to sink the immense capital
now invested in machinery, buildings, &c.
2. The country is to sink the skill of its citizens
—something of vast importance, when you recol-
lect the value of that skill, as compared with com-
mon labor, in the production of national wealth.
3. The country is to sink all that power for pro-
ducing national wealth which lies in machinery and
its propelling agents, water, wind, steam, &c.—a
power equal in this country to many millions of
men. All these must be abandoned to • the foreign
manufacturer, while we return to the simple element-
ary agents of production. How much wealth, as
a nation, could we thus produce, compared with
what we now produce? Have a people ever existed
who have become wealthy in the production of raw
materia! alone? Would not that country necessarily
become poor which should so engage itself, and ex-
change the productions of its labor for the labor of
another country engaged in manufactures' It would
have to give the labor of at least five men at home in
exchange for the more valuable labor of one man en-
gaged in manufactures and aided by machinery
abroad.
In every aspect of this question, the farmers of
this country have personally and politically the
deepest interest in the perpetuity of this system of
protection to American industry, and the develop-
ment of American resources.
But, sir, I am here, and in this connection, brought
to consider so much of the argument of the senator
from New York TMr. Weight] as I heard. He ob-
jects to this bill by reason of its probable effects
upon labor—upon wages; and he illustrates by ref-
erence to agricultural wages. These wages he ad-
mits are graduated in a great measure by the value
of grain. The laborer of the harvest field may take
his pay as a general thing in money or in kind—a
bushel of wheat or a bushel's worth. This is a
fact which ought ever to be borne in mind by the la-
borer. It shows how completely his interests are
identified with the interests of the farmer, labor and
capital sharing the same fate.
But the senator deprecates these high duties, (as
he chooses to consider them,) because they promote
high prices, and these again the great demand for
labor at high wages; then comes a reverse, and la-
bor not only sinks, but there is no demand. He
goes, therefore, for revenue duties and stable prices.
Sir, these are very plausible premises, but what is
their exact application to the matter in hand? It
amounts to this only, that these high duties, acting
upon prices, will bring up at the same time the prices
and demand for labor. Very well, I have no objec-
tion to that. But then, the senator thinks these
prices will be mwtabie; but how «o! So far p.s they
are affected by duties, you may keep them as welt at
a high as a low level. Only keep your duties stable,
and'whether high or low, prices will be stable so-far
as they are affected by duties: But, destroy this,
act,, vacillate in your duties, and you produce that
very instability of price which the - senator depre-
cates.
But, says that senator, these high duties, as a pro-
tection against foreign labor, are of modern origin;
they were originally claimed on other grounds.
Now, if -it were at all important, there is abundance
of authority to show that protection was always
claimed principally upon that ground; but whether
so or not does not affect the question. The senator
now says to the manufacturer, "you have been pro-
tected a long time; in some departments, at least,
you must be perfect; if you cannot compete now
without protection, will you ever be able to do so,
unless labor here is brought down to the level of la-
bor abroad?"
Well, suppose not: what then? The senator ends
his syllogism, not with a conclusion, but a question.
Suppose, I say, we find that we cannot compete with-
out continued protection: what then? The senator
from South Carolina would answer at once, i'you
have had a fair trial, abandon the business;" but is
that the answer of the senator from New York? I
would like to know if he would consent that these
manufactories go down? My answer would be, that
upon all articles of primary necessity, upon all such
as involved the security and independence of the
country, I would keep up the duties,-if necessary to
competition, to the end of time.
But the senator from New York deprecates the
value of a home market for agriculture, because
(says he) that will make manufactures our exporting
interest, and this engenders pauperism. This view
he illustrates by the results of the manufacturing
system in Great Britain. In the fiist place it is un-
fair to take the state of things there for the last two
or three years as a standard, for we are told "that
never before has the distress in the manufacturing
towns been so severe, so penetrating, or so prolong-
ed. But, sir, if there be poverty where manufac-
tures is the exporting interest, is there none where
agriculture is the exporting interest' Is there none
in the countries bordering on the Baltic? None
through down-trodden Poland? None in the south
of Russia? None along the Dnieper, the Dniester,
the Danube, and along the shores of the Black sea?
What are the wages of labor there? Sir, they are
sustenance, a bare miserable sustenance, and little
more. I challenge a general comparison of the
wages and comforts of laborers in manufactures
and laborers in agriculture. Throughout the world
the latter are Worse paid, worse fed, and worse clad.
Distress in Great Britain comes of sudden revul-
sions, is occasional, and incident to her crowded
population; increasing, as they do, at the rate of
230,000 annually, they must manufacture or starve.
But, sir, agriculture will be our great exporting in-
terest. We do not anticipate that our manufactures
will swallow all the cotton and tobacco, and other
agricultural products of the country.
But, sir, is it true that a transfer of labor in Eng-
land from agriculture to manufactures ,has begotten
pauperism? The senator gave prominence to this
idea, spent much time upon it; commenced as early
as 1837, and gave us a detailed account of British
legislation, apparently intended to encourage manu-
factures, but really (he says) to encourage agri-
culture; and then, in like manner, from an early
period, traced down the legislative history of bread-
stuffs, and finally concluded with the assertion that
the effect of all this system, commencing in the thir-
teenth century, had been "to make labor a starved
beggar."
Sir, I take issue with that Senator, and I ask no
better illustration of the operation of the system
than that exemplified in the experience of Great
Britain. What has the system done for her labor?
To determine this, We must know with what and
where it started. Prior to the commencement of
that system, labor was a slave—a bond-serf to a
feudal lord; or at best, a military vassal, bound to
its master by "life, Iimt>, and terrene honor." Free
laborers grew out of the establishment of manufac-
tories and trades, and in that sense it may be said
these originated pauperism; the poverty of the slave
was a cfiarge upon the master; the poverty of the
freeman was a charge upon the nation.
When free labor first became known, what were
its wages and condition? I must now trouble the
Senate with a little legislative history about this ag-
ricultural labor, thus reduced by k
