CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
review a document which had the name attached of
the chairman of this committee, [Mr. Hopkins,] and
one of his colleagues. He (Mr. W.) would do it
with decorum; but it would be necessary that he
should do it with firmness. He found in a letter
written by his colleague, [Mr. Linn Boyd,] ad-
dressed to the chairman of this committee [Mr.
Hopkins,] and his colleague, [Mr. Coles,] a charge
made agamst a distinguished fellow-citizen of his—
a charge which, if true, would not bnly unfit that
distinguished man for the highest office in the gift of
the people, but should drive him into disgrace from
amoi% his fellow-men. This charge was made in a
letter published in the Richmond Enquirer, of the
State of Virginia; and published a few days before
the time when it was known that the distinguished
man therein alluded to would enter that State;
and it was published also just before an
election in tbat State, which it was known
would take place on Thursday next. These
charges were also made before not only the
people of that State, but the people of this Union,
at a time when it might be supposed all rancor of
party feeling would be excited: at such ;a time this
firebrand was thrown amongst the people, and
these old charges were renewed with a degree of
malignity, of tact, and of effort, which was calcula-
ted to deceive and defraud the public mind, and
mislead the people. But he would show that there
was no ground whereon to rest this often con-
demned slander, and he would undertake to do that
which it was very difficult to do in any court of
justice. He would not only undertake to disprove
every allegation and insinuation of the charge of
"bargain and sale," but he would establish a nega-
tive, and show the innocence of him who had been
assailed by the odious charge which, 15 or 16 years
ago, was made from one end of the Union to the
other. He would go further: he would not only
show the innocence of that distinguished man, but
he would do it out of the mouth of his enemies.
He first would ask attention to an extract from the
letter to which he first alluded, [Mr. Boyd's.]
He then read the extract alluded tn, which he
said made the specific charge of which he had spo-
ken, and^ then said, if there was a letter in ex-
istence to substantiate the charge, as intimated in
that letter, he should like to know where it was.
In Mr. Boyd's letter the following paragraph oc-
curs in relation to this subject:
In the developments of 1827 and 1828, the rumor was
traced directly to a letter or letters, written early in Janu-
ary by Mr. Clay himself to some of his friends in Kentucky,
not, perhaps, using the \ ery words, but certainly conveying
the idea.
Mr. BOYD replied, but was very indistinctly
heard. He was understood to say that there was
such a letter, and it had been exhibited. It was in
the hands of Mr. Clay's friends, but no permission
had been given to publish it. He (Mr. B.) believed
it never was published. The contents were pub-
lished by those who saw it, from memory, with the
declaration attached that it was substantially true,
if not the very words. But there was no doubt the
letter was still in existence; and he would suggest
that they should unite in a search for it, or m an
inquiry from Mr. Clay, or any other person con-
cerned.
Mr. WHITE continued. He said his colleague
had made a charge, and he desired to see the proof
by which it was sustained. He (Mr. W.) never
would make a charge against any one which he
could not sustain by proof produced. He never
would make a charge by referring to testimony
which he could not bring forward.
Mr. BOYD asked the gentleman from Kentucky
if he would deny the truth of the facts.
Mr. WHITE replied that he had never heard of
such a letter until he had seen it mentioned in the
communication of his colleague.
Mr. BOYD remarked that the gentleman from
Kentucky could not have exercised his usual vigil-
ance then.
Mr. WHITE asserted positively his belief that
such a letter could not be found anywhere, either in
public archives, or in private and individual posses-
sion.
Mr. BOYD repeated that it was believed that such
a letter did exist; he would not pretend to quote its
language, but it was to this effect: "our friends here
are inclined to go for Mr. Adams, believing that our
prospects with him will be better served." The lan-
guage was of that character. He not pretend to say
that the language was, "if Mr. Adams is the Pres-
ident, Mr. Clay will be the Secretary;" but that his
future propects would be promoted by it. Some
SU!\!r ®0YD) was satisfied was written.
Mr. WHITE must say to his colleague that he
should still doubt until the letter was produced. In
his judgment, there was no evidence given to show
that such a letter was written; and he now chal-
lenged his colleague and the world to produce such
a letter. And further, he would take the responsi-
bility of saying that if Mr. Clay was called upon,
he would deny its existence. His colleague, however,
had made certain allegations, and it devolved upon
him to make the inquiry.
He would now call the attention of his colleague
and of the House to some testimony in this case, in
relation to the assumed bargain and sale. It would
be recollected that this charge was first made on this
floor by a member of this House, and at the time
when Mr. Clay was the Speaker of this House.
Conscious of his innocence—for so that man was, as
when he came from the hands of his God—Mr. Clay
challenged investigation of all the facts and cir-
cumstances. The ignorant old man who was set
forth to make the accusation, thought that he
would be sustained; but Mr. Clay demanded an
investigation: a committee was appointed; the charge
was preferred; and the individual who made it was
called upon to attend before the committee, by its
chairman,^ to sustain the charge, and the record
showed that he had failed to attend. There was
not a word of evidence introduced to sustain the
charge; and the committee reported the innocence of
Mr. Clay, And now, with the leave of the Chair,
he would send to the Clerk's desk, to be read, an
extract from a letter of the distinguished editor, who
had so recently published the revived story, written
at the period alluded to.
The Clerk read an extract from a letter written by
Mr. Ritchie, of the date of February 10, 1825.
Mr. WHITE continued Thus it would be seen
that Mr. Ritchie, with all the facts before him, ad-
mitted that Mr. Clay was innocent of the charge;
and yet that old veteran slanderer, though then sat-
isfied of Mr. Clay's innocence, had now repeated
and revived this slanderous accusation.
He then caused to be read by the Clijrk extracts
from a letter written by Mr. Benton, of the date of
December 27, 1827. Als , an extract from a letter
written by Mr. Buchanan, for Mr. Clay's justifi-
cation. He next caused to be read an extract from
a letter, written before his death, by Mr. Carter
Beverley, who first made the charge. The letter
was written in 1842—Mr. Carter Beverley having
lived long enough to see his error, and the proprie-
ty of doing Mr. Clay justice.
This was the first publication of the charge, but
it did not end there. He found it copied into the
official organ of the government, published in this
city, and commented upon in the following words:
"True, O King!" Taking an expression from holy
writ to sanctify the vilest slander that wras ever ut-
tered.
Mr. W. here read from a letter written by Mr.
Tyler, in reference to the same subject, and exoner-
ating Mr. Clay. Here (said Mr. W.) is the lan-
guage of the present chief magisCfate, whose organ
is repeating the charge.
Mr. W. read an extract from a letter written by
General Lafayette.
He also referred to a speech made by the honora-
ble J. &. Adams during a late western tour, of
which he read a portion.
Mr. A. JOHNSON rose and said, before the gen-
tleman concluded he desired to furnish him an addi-
tional proof.
Mr. WHITE declined to yield the floor, having
but a few moments of his hour left; but proceeded
to the examination of another charge, viz: that Mr.
Clay had, in a speech made by him, used the expres-
sion, "if gentlemen will not let us have black slaves,
we must have white ones."
[The following is the evidence that Mr. Johxso.v wished
Mr. White to read, being an extract of a letter from the
Hon. John Bell to a committee of citizens of Nashville, da-
ted Sept. 17, 1827:
"Influenced by these considerations, I reiterate that my
opinions of the present administration are in accordance
with what I believe to be those of the great body of the re-
publicans of the United States. 1 have seen the highest and
most important office m the government filled by means
and under circumstances affording all the evidences of a
coalition formed upon the basis of mutual benefits to be re-
ceived and conferred, independently of an} controverted
point in the details, that the government can e\er expect
the light of, m any combination that has been or may he en-
tered into, to defeat the will of the people. Ambitious and
aspiring politicians #ho have great characters to sustain,
and sense enough to guard against the common blunders
of the less practised adepts m the arts of intrigue and man-
agement in forming coalitions, will but seldom expose
themselves to the danger of detection from positive proof.
It is not, therefor,e, in my view, of so much importance to
consider whether a possibility of innocence can be admitted
•in favor of the parties implicated, as to determine whether
the presumption to the contrary is not so great in the pres-
ent instance that their continuance would be incompatible
with the safety and well-being of our political institutions.
"Believing, as I do, that we may calculate the duration of
our singularlv happy form of government, bv the degrees
of jealousy which shall be manifested from time to time irt
guarding the purity of elections, I could have but one
opinion upon this subject. I have seen those in possession
of power thus obtained, urge doctrines at war v. ith great
principles, claiming exclusive powers, which were intended
to be co-ordinate, and inculcating the doctrine th-ut the rep-
resentative should not be trammelled by the will of his con*
stituents. Professing, as 1 do, to be governed by those prin-
ciples of republicanism peculiar to our country, 1 could not
conscientiously give my support to an administration which
openly avows doctrines sub\ersjve of the first pi'inciples of
the government, and arrogates to itself powers so contrary
to what has heretofore been our practice. In these objec-
tions 1 am persuaded may be found sufficient reasons for my
opposition to the administration; but there are others of too
much importance to be passed over in silence."]
Mr. W.'s hour havingexnired,
Mr. BRTNKERHOFF obtained the floor.
Mr. WHITE desired the gentleman from Ohio
to allow him a few moments, that he might con-
clude what he had to say.
Mr. HENLEY said he hoped the gentleman from
Kentucky would be permitted to proceed. He
would move, if it were in order to do so, that the
rules be suspended, so as to enable the gentleman
to proceed.
The_ CHAIRMAN observed that he did not
think it would be in order—there being a particular
rule limiting the duration of each gentleman's
speech; and the gentleman from Ohio having ob-
tained the floor in the regular order of debate, it
would be an infringementupon this privileges to sus-
pend that rule.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, let those who
moved the hour rule abide by it.
Mr. WHITE rose and insisted that the question
should be put upon suspending the rules, to enable
him to proceed.
Mr. RATHBUN called the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to order. The chairman (he said) had already-
declared the motion to be out of order.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF claimed his right to the
floor; and was proceeding to address the House,
when
Mr. ANDREW KENNEDY appealed to ths
gentleman from Ohio to permit him a moment in re-
lation to the remark of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky as to a certificate to which he had alluded,
signed by members of this House, relative to what
Mr. Rich of Vermont said, in his speech in 1320,
on the Missouri question, imputed as the language
of Mr. Clay, on the subject of black and white
slavery. Mr. K. said he was one of the members
of this House who had signed said certificate. Mr.
K. understood the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
White] to dispute the correctness of that certificate.
Now, Mr. K. wished to say that that certificate was
strictly true, as appeared from the files of the libra-
ry of this House. This much he wished to say
now, and here, where and when its truth was first
disputed; and I challenge any man (said Mr. K.) to
the investigation of the record.
Mr. RATHBUN said itsj truth could be proved
all over the House.
Mr. WHITE made some reply, which did not
reach the reporter's ear.
Mr. RATHBUN approached the place where
Mr. White was standing,' and other members at the
moment rose, intercepting the reporter's view- A
good deal of confusion ensued. A general rush
was made by member towards the spot,-where, as
the reporter is informed, blows were interchanged
between Messrs. Rathbun and White.
The committee, by simultaneous acclamation rose.
The CHAIRMAN left the chair, and the Speaker
was called thereto.
The SPEAKER called upon gentlemen to restore
order.
Mr. STEENROD said he hoped gentlemen who
refused to resume their seats would be called upon
by their names to do so.
Order being in some degree restored,
Mr. HOPKINS (the chairman) reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
having under consideration the bill for the modifica-
tion of the existing tariff laws, was progressing with
its consideration, when an occurrence of disorder
and of personal altercation took place upon the floor
of the House. In the midst of the confusion, he
had been called upon to vacate the chair, fiat it
