552
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
might be occupied byjthe Speaker, and it became
his duty to make the communication which he had
now made. The gentlemen, he added, between
whom the altercation occurred, were Messrs. Rath-
bun and White.
Mr. DROMGOOLE presumed that the proper
course would be to direct the Sergeant-at-arms to
take the two offending members into custody, in or-
der that they may answer at the bar of the House,
and make such excuses as they think proper. He
merely threw out this as a suggestion, in case no
other more suitable course should be proposed. He
was actuated- by no unkind feelings towards the
two gentlemen, and no other motive but to preserve
the order and defend the dignity of the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman submit
that proposition?
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he did, unless some
gentleman suggested a better course. He presumed
that every gentleman would see the necessity of do-
ing something to preserve the order and dignity of
the House.
Mr. HARDIN observed, that, not being an old
member of the House, he could not speak from ex-
perience in this body; but he believed the former
practice of the House was to appoint a committee,
and let them designate the course that ought to be
pursued. He was satisfied that the two members
implicated had acted under a sudden excitement,
and both of them regretted what had taken place.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL referred to the resolu-
tion offered by himself in the case of Messrs. Wise
and Stanly, and suggested that a resolution some-
shat similar should now be adopted.
Mr. WHITE observed that the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] was
without a precedent in the history of that House.
There never had been a day, theie never had been
an hour, m which any member on that floor had
ever risen ant! addressed the Speaker, and asked
him to order one of his peers to the bar of the
House. He recollected occurrence after occurrence,
similar to the one of to-day, taking place in that hall,
and no motion like the present was to be found on
the journals, nor had any period arisen in the histo-
ry of the legislation of this country, when an
unfortunate occurrence of this kind had happened,
that a member had moved to degrade his fellow-
members by a proposition to take him into custody.
Sir, said Mr. W., you recollect an occurrence of
a much moie disorderly character than this, and
you recollect how it was treated. What would be
the effect, if the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
finia [Mr. Dromgoole] prevailed? and what would
e the reflection upon the members who were
charged with being delinquents? Without its being
known whether they were innocent or guilty, with-
out its being ascertained whether the member from
New York [Mr. Rathbum] or himself were the
most culpable, a member rises in his place and makes
tt motion w hicli is to inflict dishonor upon them.
What did the motion imply? Why, that the mem-
ber from New York and himself would leave the
House and flee from justice, unless they were taken
into custody. Whatever might have been done by
the gentleman from New York and himself, lie did
not believe that either would shrink from any in-
vestigation the House might please to make; and he
Would tell the member from Virginia that neither he
nor that officer could keep him at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER remarked that several proposi-
tions had been submitted,.which had been consider-
ed merely as suggestions,
Mr. ADAMS obtained the floor; but yielded it to
Mr. SAUNDERS, who observed thathe held jn his
hand the volume of the journal containing the pro-
ceedings on the occasion' of the rencontre between
Messrs. Stanly and Wise. With the permission of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, he would offer
the same resolution that was offered on that occa-
sion, and in the same words, merely substituting the
names of Messrs. Rathbun and White for those of
Messrs. Wise and Stanly.
_Mr, ADAMS proposed to the gentleman from
"Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] to withdraw his propo-
sition, in order that the one of the gentleman from
North Carolina might be substituted.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, with the permission of the
gentleman, would make a brief explanation. He
had conceived it necessary for the House to do
something for the preservation of its own dignity
and order, which had just been violated; and on the
first impulse, he had proposed to take the members
implicated into custody. He assured the gentlemen
that, in making this proposition, it was not his in-
tention to degrade them; but his object was to bring
them to the bar of the House, that they might sub-
mit themselves to its authority, that the House
might hear their excuses, arid that they might
pledge themselves that the quarrel should go no &r-
ther. This he only threw out as a suggestion. Mr.
D. here quoted a case which occurred in the British
Parliament, and the rule given in the Manual on this
subject. His whole object, he said, was not to de-
grade the gentlemen, but to bring them before the
House. He had no objection to their rising in their
places, and making their excuses to the House, and
giving the proper pledge. But he held that it was
the duty of the House that they should be required
to acknowledge the authority of the House, and
pledge themselves that the quarrel should proceed no
farther. He had no knowledge of the quarrel, nor
any participation in it. He had witnessed it with
regret, not only on account of the character of the
gentlemen concerned, but on account of its effect on
onr national character. What had happened on
former occasions was no excuse or extenuation for
the gentlemen. He spoke out of no personal un-
kindness to them; but lie must say that their con-
duct was deserving of censure. All he wanted was,
that the gentlemen should make their submission to
the authority of the House, and to have their assu-
rance that the matter between them should be at an
end.
Mr. SAUNDERS read from the journal of the
House the proceedings in the case of5 Messrs. Wise
and Stanly, and proposed the following resolution,
being the same that was adopted on that occasion:
Resolved, That a special committee of five members be
appointed to inquire into the circumstances of the rencontre
between Messrs. Rathbun and Wnrtn, members of this
Honse, and that they report the facts to the House
Mr. S. said that the appointment of a committee
of inquiry was the most proper course to be pur-
sued. If one of the gentlemen should be ascertain-
ed to be in the wrong, he should be censured; if both
were in the wrong, both should be censured. But
the House could not know which was wrong, until
the facts were investigated.
Mr. DROMGOOLE withdrew his motion, so as
to give way to that of Mr. Saunders, and offered,
as an amendment to it, the following:
• And, in the mean time, the two members be required to
make submission to the House, and pledge themselyes that
the quarrel shall proceed no further.
Mr. HARDIN had no doubt but both the gentle-
men regretted that the occurrence had taken place;
and he did not believe it was necessary to take any
course to prevent the quarrel from proceeding far-
ther, for he was satisfied that it would stop here.
The best way to preserve the dignity of the House
was not to act on the matter now in the excitement
that had been caused by it, but to put it off till the
House had time to get calm. He approved the
course pointed out by the gentleman from North
Carolina, and hoped it would be adopted.
Mr. CHAPMAN referred, as a precedent, to the
proceedings of the House on the occasion of a sim-
ilar rencontre between Messrs. Bell and Turney,
then members of the House, and lecommended that
the same course be pursued now. Mr. C. read the
proceedings, in which it appeared that Messrs. Bell
and Turney were declared to have violated the priv-
ileges of the House, and were required to make an
apology. He thought it due to the character of the
House, both at home and abroad, and due to the
character of the gentlemen themselves, that they
should be required to make a suitable apology. He
thought both the gentlemen would agree that such a
course would not be calculated to degrade them,
but was due to their own reputations, as well as to
the dignity of the House.
Mr. STEENROD had no objection to the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Saunders,] nor to the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole;] but the resolution
did not go far enough. He understood that one of
the officers of the House had been shot at and
wounded by an individual whose name he did not
know, and some order should be taken in regard to
that matter.
Mr. C. JOHNSON informed the gentleman that
he had a separate resolution which he should offer
on that subject as soon as the present case was dis-
posed of.
Mr. DROMGOOLE made some remark which
conversation m the hall prevented the reporter from
hearing.
Mr. BARNARD observed that he approved of
the resolution, so far as it contemplated tine appoint-
ment of a committee; and he supposed there would
be no difference of opinion in regard to its adoption.
He went on to say that there was an eminent pro-
priety in the gentlemen making an apology to the
House; but he would leave it to their own sense of
propriety to do it, if they chose to take that course,
and it would be for the House to judge of that as
a part of the entire case when it should be brought
before them by a report of a committee.
He however desired here to say that, so far as
those gentlemen were concerned, he believed ' there
was no excuse. He made some other observations,
which were almost unaudible, and then expressed
the hope that the resolution for the appointment of
a committee would be pased.
Mr. CLINGMAN hoped the amendment would
not prevail. It was proposed to appoint a commit-
tee to inquire into the conduct of the gentlemen, and
yet they were required to apologize, and thus to
admit that they were in error; for apology implied
guilt. He knew nowhere that this was done on
this earth; but it was said that, in the infernal re-
gions, punishment was inflicted first, and trial came
afterwards: he hoped no gentleman on this floor
would require such a course to be pursued here.
He admitted it was proper that the House should
take some steps to express its sense of such disor-
ders which he deeply regretted. The House should
have an investigation, and of either the one or both
the gentlemen were wrong, the House should pun-
ish the wrong doer.
Mr. CHAPMAN said he was not familiar with
the infernal regions, of which the gentleman from
North Carolina had spoken, and therefore he did not
know what its practice was; but the gentleman had
misapprehended the purport of his amendment, and
he wished to set him right. Whatever might be
said, no one could attempt to justify scenes of disor-
der on this floor; and however much either gentle-
man felt himself justified in his course towards the
other, neither one nor the other could justify such
conduct towards the House. He only asked the
gentlemen to do what he was sure they were both
ready to do—express regret to the House for the vi-
olation of its order.
Mr. WHITE intimated his wish that the gentle-
man from Alabama should withdraw his amend-
ment; for he could not state what he desired to state
while it was pending.
Mr. CHAPMAN would willingly withdraw it, if
it was an obstacle in the way of any explanation.
He accordingly withdrew it.
After a few words from Mr. WfNTHROP,
Mr. WHITE asked if there was any question
pending, except the report of the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole. If gentlemen would
withdraw their propositions, he would make a few
remarks.
Mr. DROMGOOLE desired to throw no impedi-
men in the way; and therefore, at the solicitation
of the gentleman from Kentucky, he would with-
draw his proposition.
Mr. WHITE then said, before he proceeded, he
would call the attention of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Dromgoole] to an expression which he
had used, and which he (Mr. \Vhite) regretted. It
was an observation which he trusted would be re-
called. Without one word of explanation—without
any examination to fix the guilt on his shoulders,
or the shoulders of the gentleman from New York,
or to determine whether there was guilt at all,
which could alone be shown by a development of
all the facts, the gentleman from Virginia had em-
phatically denounced them both to the House, and
to the nation, as deserving the severest censure. If
this was the mode of determining the guilt or inno-
cence of parties, he thought there must soon be an
end of this commonwealth. The vilest criminal in
the land was entitled to the benefit of the principle
by which he was treated as innocent until his guilt
was proved.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he did not pretend to
recollect the precise terms in which he had ex-
pressed himself: but if he had not so expressed
himself before, he would now say that it was suffi-
cient for him to perceive that the rules of the House
had been violated, that there had been great disorder
and a breach of the peace in the presence of the
House, and that the scene which they had witnessed
was of itself a disorder which required the notice of
the House. His proposition was not one of cen-
sure; he had expressly stated that he did not ask the
House to censure the gentlemen. He did not know
which was most in fault; but he knew this, that
