April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56?
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. E. J. Morris.
H. of Reps.
Hemp, 40 dollars per ton—equal to 30 per cent, ad va-
lorem.
On these thirteen articles, v, hieh comprise the great sta-
ples of agriculture, there is an average duty of 50 per cent.
The importance of domestic manufactures to the farmer
is proven in the fact, that fifteen-sixteenths of all the grain
and potatoes raised in this country are consumed at home,
and that only one-sixteenth is exported. Suppose, sir, the
doctrines offree trade in full operation, and that we had no
manufactures—the inevitable consequence of such a policy
—where would the farmer find a market for his surplus
produce'7 In England, where there is an average duty of
3'35 per cent, upon our agricultural produce? In Mexico
and the Argentine Confederation, where the duties are pro-
hibitory ' In Chili, where the duties on our breadstufts
range irom 25 to 50 per cent. * In Peru, with a duty of 30
percent7 In Portugal, Russia, the Netherlands, and the
two Sicilies, with prohibitory duties upon our agricultural
products' There is not, sir, a port in the world which is
not hermetically sealed against the importation of our bread-
stuffs, except in a time of scarcity, when they are necessa-
ry to feed a starving population. "The farmer must look to
the home market—to the four millions of persons engagedjm
manufactures—for the consumption of his products, and fair
prices.
The iron manufacture alone will illustrate the impor-
tance of domestic industry to the farmer. Since the intro-
duction of railroads, we have imported from Great Britain
560,000 tons of railroad iron. It is estimated by experienced
ironmasters, that for each ton of bar iron the following agri-
cultural produce is consumed:
20 bush, of wheat and rye. average 75 cts. per bush. $15 00
57 lbs. of pork, " 5 cts. per lb. 2 85
43 lbs. of beef, " 4 cts. per lb. 172
10 lbs. of butter. " 12|cts. per lb. 1 25
2 bush, of potatoes, v! 30 cts. per bush. 60
| ton of hay, •• $7 00 per ton 3 50
[Horses, kc. $1 45.] £26 00
Multiply 560,000 tons bj *>-26, and we have the great sum
of $14,560,000 of the produc •; of the farm, which would have
been expended heie had the go% cuinient been as liberal in
its policy to the American manufacturer as to the Eritish in
the iron works of Penn^j Ivama alone, there was consumed,
in 1811. agricultural produce to the value of $5,78S,937. The
importance of a home n.arkf: i^ seen m the increased value
which agricultural lands and produce bear m the vicinity
of a manufacturing tow n. The establismcnt of the mills at
Lowell in 1820 gave great value to the rude and rugged
country around that place. The site of Lowell, which, m
1820, cost a few thousands, is now worth several millions.
Defence of factory laborers.
The gentleman from Indiana. [Mr,Owkv.] has dwelt
much upon the distress and misery oi the factory operate e&
in Great Britain I do not mean t<i denj that there is much
suffering amonsr the laboring poor m England; it is not.
however, one ol the natural results of the manufacturing
system The corn I.jws an expensive government, and
high taxation, are the causes of pauperism and poverty in
England. Manufacture^ by d.ftordmg employment, allevi-
ate the digress oi those who would otherwise have no
means of support If the gentleman from Indiana intends to
represent that there more of the w retehedness oi po^ erty.
and more vice, pmong the manufacturing than the agricul-
tural population of England, he is greatly mistaken. I ap-
peal to the testimony ol a disnnguishedauthorto refute this
assertion.
•'from a review of the population throughout England,
it appears, "says Oolquhoun. on Indigence, * that, contrary
to the received opinion, the numbers of paupers in the coun-
ties which are chiefly agricultural, greatly exceed those
where manufactures prevail! Thus, in ivent and Surry,
where the aggregate population is 576,687, there appear to
be 77,770 paupers, while, in Lancashire, where the popula-
tion is 67:2.731. the paupers relieved arc only 46,200."
In the three manufacturing counties of Lancashire, York-
shire, and Statfoid, the offenders are only one out of every
2,500; whereas, m the -Agricultural counties of Norfolk, Kent,
and Surry, they are one out of 1.600; whereas, it appears
that the latter districts have above halt as many more crimi-
nals as the manufarturirg in proportion to their population.
This is a strong and decisive fact.
In the three manufacturing counties, the pauper? are only
Bpercent of the population; wheiea*. m the agricultural,
they are about 1per cent What becomes of the argument,
then, of the eeutlLiiuin' If s*o manj of the fa:tory opera-
tives in England aie icndered miserable by the manufactur-
ing system, and if their condition is an evidence of the evil
influences of that system, what shall be said of English agn*
culture, the statistics of which exhibit such an alarming
preponderance in pauperism and crime over all other pur-
suits ' Of course, the same state of things does not exist in
this country, where the farming community is the most in-
dependent, comfortable, and virtuous portion of American
society
The' alleged ttnhealthiness of factory employment, upon
which the gentleman has dwelt at large, is just as fallacious
as the demoralmition of which he has drawn so dark a
picture. In the report of the commission to inquire into
the condition of factory laborers, submitted to Parliament
in 1643, there is an ovenvhelming mass of testimony in ref-
utation oi the unheakhiness of factory labor
'•In conclusion, then, it is proved by a preponderance of
seventy -two w itncss.es against seventeen, that the health of
those employed m cotton mills is nowise inferior to that in
othei occupations—and, secondly, it is pro\ed by tables
drawn up by the ^ecietar) of a sick club, and by the more
extensive tables of a London Actuan , that the health of the
factory population is decidedly supenor to that ot the la-
boring poor otherwise employed."—Analysis oj the Factory
Rtptnt,  . 16.
"The general tenor of all the medical reports m my pos-
session, confirms Mi. Harrison's view of the effect of factory
labor on the health of the younger brandies of working
hands. It i« deeidedlv not injurious to health or longevity,
compared with other 'emplojments.—/fcporte of Inspectors
of Factories, siugutf, ,
"It is gratifying to be able to state, that 1 have not a sin-
gle complaint laid before me, cither on the part pf the mas-
ters against their servants, or of the servants againsttheir
masters, nor have I seen or heard of any instance of ill-
treatment of children, or of injury to their health by their
employment."—Repot of L. Homer, esq Id July, 1834, p. 10.
"Not many would be employed, because there are few
mill-owners who wish to have them before ten years
of age; but in some branches of the cotton trade they would
be employed at eight, or even younger; and as their occu-
pation in the mills is so light as to cause no bodily fatigue,
they would pass their eight hours there as beneficially for
their health as at home, indeed, in most cases, far more so.
Although they would get little, that little would be an ob-
ject to many poor families."—Ibid, July 21, 1834, page 10.
"Mr. Saunders says: "It appears in evidence, that, of all
employments to which children are subjected, those car-
ried on in factories are amongst the least laborious, and, of
all departments of in-door labor, amongst-the least unwhole-
some."—Report I, page 51.
"It appears, moreover, that, as far as could be ascertained,
the state of education among the factory operatives, though
far from what it ought to be, was, to say the least, less de-
plorable thdii that of rural districts, and of other classes in
towns; that great efforts had been made by many of the
largest manufacturers for the intellectual and moral im-
provement of their work people; and that, 'as to the immo-
rality said to be engendered by the factory system, the
whole current of testimony goes to show that the charges
made against cotton factories on this head are calumnies.' "
—Repot t, Sap.p. 201.
The .American laborer.
The error of the gentleman lies in applying the condi-
tion of tax-oppressed and over-populated England to other
countries widely different^ from it 111 naturul resources,
extent of territory, and institutions of government. In Eng-
land wages are low from the superabundance of labor,
w hiie rent and breadstuff's are high trom the heavy taxation
on real estate for the support of an expensive throne, and
from the corn laws, which enable the English landholder to
sell his own produce at the highest rates, by excluding
those of other nations. In this country, an entirely differ-
ent state of things exists. Instead of a surplus of labor, or an
over-crow ded population, we have, a vast extent of country
thinly peopled—with tracts of virgin soil yet unbroken by
the plough, and inviting the hand of cultivation—a noble
expanse of habitable and tillable land, extending from the
Mississippi to the Pacific, where comfort, independence, and
prosperity may be enjoyed by the poverty-stricken denizen
of the great cities
Here, agriculture and manufactures are the rival bidders
for labor. There is no surplus of labor, as m England,
w hich obliges the operative to accept of such wages as the
employer may otter. The laborer is sought after, and, from
the. competition for his services, he is always sure of such a
rate of w ages as may enable him to support his family, and
to pio\ide for the reverses of life and the infirmities of age.
Moreover, if no employment can be had in manufactures,
the unsettled lands of the "West offer an opportunity for the
acquisition of domestic and pecuniai j ease, such as no other
country presents.
In England, the man of humble means has no participation
m the affairs of government He cannot rise to posts of hon-
or m the kingdom, from his inability to compete with the
favored sons of fortune. The control of the got ernment is
•v ested in the w ealthier classes, who administer it more for
their own benefit than that of the productive classes. An
odious property qualification excludes a large proportion of
the poor from the hallot-box Here, we are all equal at the
ballot-box, and the poorest citizen m the community has a
\ oice in the control of public affairs and public men, as om-
nipotent as that of the wealthiest, The distribution of the
right of suffrage, sir, in this country, and the influence it
gives to the productive classes over the policy and opera-
tions of government, is one reason why the American me-
chanic and operative occupies a higher position than in
England. The workingmen and farmers have the destiny
of the American government in their keeping—they consti-
tute the vast majority whose opinions and interests direct its
movements and prescribe iti policy—and it i« to them wc
are indebted for the exhibition of all those beneficial influ-
ences which have made it an exemplar of political liberty
for the whole civilized worid
Labor is spoken of on this floor as if it tended to mental
Miid physical degradation "We are urged not to encourage
manufactures, as, according to the opinion of some gentle-
men, they brutalize and deteriorate the operative. I do not
know, sii, whence gentlemen diaw theit opinions of labor.
For mv part, i know no distinction between the American
mechanics and operatives and any other class of citizens.
Some of the most eminent and useful men that this country
has product d rose to distinction fiom mechanical pursuits.
Franklin left his printing press to chain the lightning of the
heavens, to form a constitution for a nation, and to repre-
sent his country in foreign courts. Roger Sherman, the
shoemaker, was an eloquent advocate of independence in
the Congress of the revolution, and a statesman of great
ability." Nathaniel Greene, the blacksmith, became a gen-
eral in the revolution, under whose gallantry, skill, and
courage, some of the most glorious battles of that glorious
era were achieved. "Were these men less respectable, less
w orthv, less honorable, because they had commenced life
at thelorge, the press, and the last? Had labor degraded
them, and so brutalized their mmds, as to lead them to pre-
fer an ignominious slavery to a w ar for liberty and right?
No, sir: they were patriots, self-sacrificing men. who
perilled everything for the attainment of a great end—the
independence" of their country. The first rally for inde-
pendence in th e revolution was made among the farmers
and mechanics. It was the hard hand of labor—the iron
muscle and sinetvv arm and the stalwart frame of the robust
t.ons of industry—that fust displayed the flag of national
redemption, and first bore the arms of righteous resistance
against the hireling soldier of British tyranny. In moral
worth, intelligence, and information, the mechanics and
operatives of this country have no superiors among any
portion of our population. I throw back these imputations
upon labor, and I defy gentlemen to prove their charges.
It is not the protective system which is the enemj of the
workingman, or I should not be its advocate. It is free trade,
which repeals all protective duties, and forces us into hops-
less competition with the pauper labor of Europe, that is the
worst enemy of the American laborer. The price of Euro-
pean labor forbids all chance of competition with it on our
part, unless we are prepared to reduce a portion of our fel~
low-citizens to the same condition as the famished opera-
tives of Birmingham and Manchester. Abolish the duties
which protect American industry, remove all restrictions
upon foreign imports, and how can manufactures thrive iu
this country, unless, as the .free-traders insist, the wages oC
labor be reduced? "What is the standard of wages in Eng-
land? The following table, from a report to Parliament in.
1840, shows the rate of wages in that country:
Average prices per week of the hand-loom weavers in Europe*
including the weavers of silk, crtton, linen > and woollen, in
all their varieties, exclusive of boa) d:
Great Britain - * - 8s. Od. per week-
France • - 7 0 "
Switzerland - - - 5 7 .
Belgium - - • , 6 0 "
Austria - - 3 0 "
Saxony * - -21 "
These are the average prices given for adult male labor-
ers—female being from 30 to 80 percent, less.
Do the advocates of free trade wish to reduce the wages
of the American laborer to the English standard of a shilling
a day? Such is the effect of the practical operation of their
doctrines. Pauperism and crime are inseparable concomi-
tants offree trade. Its supremacy in this country would be
prolific of national and individual wretchedness. High,
wages are the fruit of the protective system. In 1816 the
same labor which was obtained at fifty cents a day, now
commands $1 50 to $2 50, while the prices of clothing stuff's
and domestic wares have receded with the continuance of
protection and the progress of manufactures. The fact that
protection stimulates production, and excites a spirit oi* ac-
tive competition, ought, of itself, to lead to the conclusion
that, under its operations, prices must fall, while the appli-
cation of steam and improvements m machinery, and the fa-
cility of water-power in this country, do away with any
plea for a reduction of wages. Tn my view, that is sound
policy which levies just such duties as, while they are suffi-
cient to sustain the domestic manufacture, reduce its price
to the consumer by bringing it into competition with the*
foreign article—the^duty not being too high to exclude it. £
refer to a few articles illustrative of the effects of protection*
and to show how under this policy, the price of every-
thing has been raised according to the theories of the free*
traders!
In 1815, cotton shirtings cost 20 cents per yard—now, 5 to 
6 cents.
I3efore 1824, negro cloths weie ftoni 75 cents to $1 per
yard—now. 20 cents.
In 1819, Muscovado sugar was 16 cents per pound—now 
5 to 6 cents; refined sugar from 16 to 30 cents—now, 10 to
13 cents.
In 1815, cut nails were 15 cents per pound-—now, 4| or 5,
notwithstanding a duty of 50 per cent., which ought to
have advanced the price 50 percent., according to free trada
theories-
Just before the tariff of 1824, bagging sold at 35 cents a
yard, in 1827, at 27 cents; in 182S, at 24 cents. It is now
worth 14 to 15 cents.
In 1822, sole leather was worth from 25 to 30 cents a
pound. It is now worth 18f.
In 182o. white lead was $13 a hundred weight. It is now-
less than $7.
Gunpowder was then 45 cents a pound. Protection cre-
ated Dupont's mills, and his best keg powder is now worth,
19 cents.
Shot was then 10 cents a pound. It is now cents.
Refined saltpetre was then over 10 cents a pound. It is
now worth 8 cents.
Copperas was then G cents a pound. It is now 2§"cents.
"Window-glass cost $16 a hundred feet. It is now $4.
Yet the dutv laid in 1832 was from $3 to $4 o hundred feet,
which immediately biought the price down to $5. Four
millions of dollars'worth of glass is now manufactured.
The he *vv manufactures of iron hat e averaged, in value,
sine* 1834, about forty million* of dollars annually; and
since the tariff'of 1828, the reduction of price has been at
least 20 per cent., or eight millions a year.
$750,000 worth of metal buttons are manufactured per
annum, and the price is reduced more than one-half.
£100,000 w orth of pins, and about the same reduction in
price. , ,
41,750 000 worth of hruches—better than arc made in the
world—and at one-third theirformei cost
Hats of the quality which formeiiy sold at $2 50. now sell
for $1, and those that formerly sold at Mfl now sell at
Salt, dunng the war, was $4 a bushel. Now seven mil-
lions of bushels are made m the country, and it is worth on-
ly 26 cents a bushel, being the lowest price.
Flcor oilcloths formerly cost from $2 to $2 50 a yard.
They can now be bought of better quality at $1 25.
The value of manufactured paper and paper articles ts
over five millions per annum, 3t one-half the former prices.
The above, both former and present, are eastern prices.
I shall not, Mr. Speaker, discuss the constitutionality of
the protective duties. It is sufficient for me to know that,
m the debates in the convention to form the constitution,
the powei of the government to protect American industry
was affirmed bv Mr. Madison, and admitted by all the lead-
ing members o'f that body, that the necessity of protecting
our native manufactures by adequate duties has been recom-
mended by every President of the United State®, from
George Washington to Andrew Jackson; and that it had re-
ceive?! the approval of Henry Clay whose unj lelding devo-
tion to ererj thing American will be held in lasting remem-
brance;
"Like an oak of healtiest bough,
Deep-rooted in his country's love,lie stands;"
of John C. Calhoun and every leading statesman -who has
preferred the practical good of his country to the abstract
theories of speculative philosophers. I shall not further
discuss the protective policy. Every'great national interest
is concerned m its existence. Agriculture, manufactures,
the mechanical arts, all classes and occupations, derive ben-
efits from it, while it is the true source of national wealth,
power, and independence. It is the I"""-* American policy—
