568
28th Cong 1st Sess.
rAPPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&B.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton. 
June, 1844.
Senate.
that policy which, in peace and war, keeps the hosts of |
American laborers employed, and the millions of American '
Citizens prosperous and happy- It is the policy of the
founders of the republic—ol Washington, Hamilton, and
Madison; and it will exist as long as there is an American
heart that glows with love of home and country and kin-
ctred.
The nation is now flourishing—business is reviving—the
balance of trade is largely in our favor—specie is flowing
into the country—the currency is improving—and plenty,
comfort, and prosperity are in all our borders. The coun-
try needs repose and stability of legislation. I shall stand
by the measure which lias produced all these benefits—I
shall take mv position with the business men, the working-
men, and the farmers, m favor of the tariff of 1S42, and shall
steadily and resolutely resist its repeal. It is time that this
vacillating ami ever-changing legislation should cease, and
that we should give the country assurance of a disposition
to uphold it m the prosecution of those branches of industry
to which the acts oi our predecessors have invited the in-
vestment of capital and the application of labor 1, for one,
■will never consent to sacrifice the industry of the nation to
schemes of party arrangement and expediency, or to the
doctrines of that school of political economy which regards
communities and nations as mere subjects of experiment
lor charlatans in philosophy and politics.
NOTE I.
Fukk Tr \rr. —The opposers of a protective tariff profess
to be in favor of free trade. As there is something pleasing
in the idea of free trade, let us see what it involves, in the
first place, it xequires that all duties whatever should be
repealed, and that the public treasury should be supplied by
some other means. And how can the wants of the govern-
ment be supplied' Ihe proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, which ought in justice to be distributed among the
i*iat"s, could supply but a small portion of the necessary
revenue, ti it w ere pud into the treasury. Thedocnneof
Iroe trade, then, neeossanly implies direct taxation; and are
the people prepared for this? It is admitted by those con-
versant with the subject, that direct taxation would bear
more oppressively upon the people than indirect. In the
fust place, the cost of collection would be greatei, as a
host of new officers must be created for that purpose. Let
\\i look at its operation upon the States.
During the admmistiation uf Mr. Van J3uren, the ag-
e-rotate expenditures, as shown by the Secivtarj "s re-
put, amounted to $13 J, 41 1,S j3— being an a\erage annu-
al expenditure ol ^.3,.Tr>,%a. Tin- cost of assessing and
o>} Lectin*'is much gieatcr m the case of direct taxes than
in rhe present mode; there would also be a much greater
lwd. liiy to losses than in the piesent sj stem. To tealr/e a
su i to the above ;i\ cias e, } on would be compelled to
a,i t«> that sum 650,000—making, in round numbers,
sx, w.in 000 to b< assessed upon the people. By a provision
Oi i 1" constitution, all direct taxes must be apportioned
nin;/ i r the sneial States, according to federal numbers.
The , "w ith the *r/e of the present House of Representatives,
woiu I amount to to each representative. II we
were to take the number ol repie-.entahves fiom each St.ite
as the !>apis of her federal number, which would be near
enough for our present puiposc.the tax would fall upon
the several States as follows.
Maine
New Hampshire
Vermont
Massachusetts
Rhode Island
Connecticut
New York
New Jersey
Pennsylvania
Dclavv arc
Maryland
"Virginia
Noi~th Carolina
rtouth Carolina
Georgia
Alabama
•Nhssi's.ppi
Louisiana
Termes-ee
Kentucky
Ohio
Indiana
Illinois
Musouri
Arkansas
Michigan
$1,130,04,3
64 >,740
645,740
1,614,3.30
32i,S70
045.7 10
5,488,790
807,175
a,874,440
161,435
968,710
'2,421,5-25
1,152,915
1,130,045
1,291,480
] ,130,04.3
645,740
61-3,710
1,77o,7?5
1,61 1,350
3,390,133
1,614,350
1,130 01.3
807,175
161,13-3
484,306
Lot the tariff oi" duties be repealed, and the wants of the
government be supplied bj a direct tax upon the people,
and the gloi.es of free trade would not only be seen, but
l.-lt. The v iad of the magician could hardly reconcile the
j-.rnpiro State to the annual tax ol ^3,13^,000 Let Pennsyl-
vania be colled upon to contiibute <.3,874,000, from year to
ve.ir, and she would crave the pardoning power of Gov-
ernor Poller in Lood earnest. Subject Virginia to the an-
nual payment oi >2,-121 ono, and she would leel that free
trade was something more than an abstraction. Before
South Carolina had paid her quota (£1,130,000) five years,
she would call m nullification to her aid, and ask ior a disso-
lution of the Union The fact is, the indebted States could
not, at the present time, meet such exactions._ The lree-
trade men of Indiana, and Illinois, and Mississippi, and
Michigan, and Nipryland, and some other States, who now
complain so bitteily of the burdens of the tariff, would, un-
der the system of direct taxation, soon learn that they had
deceived themselves by wild theories, and would wish to
x-etnrn to the sober realities of a tried system. But if men
will not learn wisdom, except by bitter experience, let free
trade come, and direct taxation follow in its train. Let the
peoplesufter.it they must, until they learn that the tried
p^th of our patriot fathers is not to be abandoned to piomote
tne interest of foieign importers —Tariff Doctrine.
NOTE II.
Lowfli 4nd its fAf top.if:s.—This town, which is a crea-
tion of the protective system, having grown up from a mere
hamlet in 18:20, to a city of 25,000 in 1840, is thus described
Yj the editor of the New York Tubuue;
There are eleven regular manufacturing companies in
Lowell, including the "Locks and Canals," or Water-privi-
lege Company, which was incorporated in 1792, but did not
commence operations till 1822, which may be regarded as
the year of the loundation of Lowell. Before that time it was
a rugged, rocky, barren spot, inhabited by two or three fam-
ilies of boatmen and fishermen, and not worth ten dollars
per acre, including every thins upon it. The Merrimac
Company commenced business the next year, and no other
until the tariff of 1824 was passed. In 1825, the Hamilton
Company was started; in 182S, the Appleton and Lowell; in
1830, the Middlesex; in 3832, the Suffolk, and Tremont;in
1833, the Lawrence, in 1836, the Boott; in 1810, the Massa-
chusetts, being the last. These eleven companies employ
an aggregate capital of $10,700,000, employing 6,295 females
and 2,345 males. Besides these, there are in Lowell exten-
sive powder mills, a flannel mill, blanket mill, bolting mill,
foundry, paper mill, bleachery, cord and whip factory, pla-
ning machine, reed machine, grist and saw mills,.employing
a capital of $500,000 and -300 woikmcn, making the whole
manufacturing capital of Lowell $ 11,200,000, employing over
9,000 men and women.
The ten principal manufactories already designated have
thirty-three mills, besides print works, run 6,194 looms and
281,076 spindles, producing 1,425,800 yards of cloth per
week, or 74,111,600 within the year 1843. The cotton fab-
ricated by them duimg the year was 22,88S,000 pounds. (A
pound of cotton will average 3 1-5 yard of cloth, 100 lbs. of
cotton will make S9 lbs of'cloth. A loom will average on
No 14 yarn 44 yards of cloth per day, or on No. 30, 30
yards ) Of printed cloths 37^,000 yards per week are made
by the Merrimac and Hamilton companies. The Middlesex
makes 9,000 yards of cassimeres and 1,800 yards ol broad-
cloths per week, using 1.000,000 pounds of wool and
3,000,000 pounds of tea7les per annum. The Lowell makes
2,500 vards of carpets and 150 of rugs per week, besides
85,000'yards of cottons Flannels are made at the Hamil-
ton, sheetings and shirtings at nearly all, w ith drillings,
printing cloths, &c.. at seveial.
The average wages paid to the females, joungandold,
experienced and inexperienced, is $1.7.3 per w eek bev ond
the cost of board, to males, <f4 20 per week, or about $18 per
month beyond the cost of their board. Ihe payments are
all made m cash, amounting to $150,000 pet month, "We
challenge the wide world to produce, out of the manufac-
turing districts of our own countiy. a region wherein female
labor is so bounteous!) emplojed and i> paid an average of
$7 00 per month bevond the cosl oi board And we chal-
lenge this or anv other country to produce a section in
which women who work for their living are moie intelli-
gent, better educated, more virtuous, religious, and inde-
pendent, than tho->e emplov '"'d in the Low ell manufactories.
Then* have been most shameful slanders circulated with re-
gard to them, which ought to be put down hi the infancy
bl these establishments some fein.ilo of bad chaiacter ob-
tained employment there, through deception but these w ete
speedily detected and expelled, and now, il one bad charac-
ter is discovered there, she is icfjuired to leave dnectly, as
the otheis will not endure the association of vice. No
where is there a more conect and \igorous moral senti-
ment, than among these industrious and independent wo-
men
As to the alleged hardship of factory labor, we have no
doubt that its conditions might be impioved. We believe
that the average hours of labor are 12A per day, which is
too much foi auemplojment which is puisued the year
round It docs not allow time enough for reading, study,
attending lectures, and other means of moral and intellec-
tual improvement. But, on the other hand, it must be con-
sidered that the labor is very light-that man) purine it for
hours together with an open book before them, reading half
the time, and that all greatly preier it to any other field of
industry. You can bardlj induce an American girl at the
eastward to do housework, except for her own family or for
the sick; the laige majority would prefer working in a fac-
tory lor $1 50 per week, to doing housework for $2 And
the establishment of manufactories has, to our certain
knowledge, more than doubled the average recompense ac
corded to female labor throughout the manufacturing re-
gion, while greatly reducing the price of almost ever) thing
a woman buys. Beside* this, the treatment of females who
do housework has greatlv improved since the factories
v\ ere started No woman of sense or spirit will now submit
to the humiliations w hicli were common there twenty years
ago, (and which are common here now,) because she
knows v\ here she may at any time go to avoid them.
It is common enough for our fiee-trade traders to talk flip-
pantly of our females engaged m factories, as if they were
of like character and condition with those of England But
this is very unlike the truth. The American factory girl is
^eneially the daughter of a farmer, has had a common edu-
cation at the district school, and has gone into the factoiy
for a few seasons to acquire a little something for a start in
iile She spends <ome weeks or months of every >ear un-
der her father's roof and generally mnrries and settles in its
vicinity Many attend lectures and evening schools after
the day's w ork is over, and ol the six thousand, more than
half reyulail} occupy sndpav tor «eats in the numerous
churches at Lowell N'o where i< tV' Sabbath better observed,
or the proportion of habitual church-goers greater, than in
that thriving city; hardly anv where is temperance more
general, or arc violations of the law less frequent Six out
ol ten of the females, and a full half of the males, enjoy
better health m the mills than they did beiore coming there.
Six of the mills are wanned by steam, only two by hot
air, and three by steam and hot air together. The annual
consumption of wood there is 3 290 cords; of anthracite
coal 12 500 tons, ol oil, 67,85b gallons. 6U0,000 bushels of
ehaicoal were used in 1843, and 4,000 barrels of flour for
starch alone The Locks and Canals company use 1,225
tons of iron per annum; will put up and furnish a factory of
5,000 spindles complete in four months, and emploj s, when
building, 1,000 to 1 200 workmen
Such are some of the statistics of the chief manufacturing
town in America. As a specimen of regulated, system-
i?ed, well-diiected industry, it is worthy of study Though
doubtless far enough from perfection, whether as to efti-
ciencv or distribution of proceeds, we ask every friend of
the human race to judge whether it is wise or humane to
favor a policy which would diminish such towns as Lowell,
and enlarge such as Manchester, Preston, and Glasgow.
This is the practical question. And~while the laborers of
England have, under all changes of policy, been yearly
sinking into deeper and deeper abjectness and despair,
owing to causes far beyond the reach of any policy we may
pursue, we rcjoice in being able to state that the w orkmg-
men and women of Lowell have very large and general de-
posites m the Savings' Bank of that place, and that they are
becoming large owners of stocks in the corporation for
which they work—in one already to the extent of $100,000,
in another to the amount of $60,000, &c. Here is the germ
of the true and general reform which we hope to see be-
come universal, and which, when it shall have resulted in
making the workmen large and general owners of stock in
the establishment in which' they are employed, sharing
fairly in their profits, will put an effectual stop to the dema-
gogue resort of exciting laborers against employers, to the
injury and ruin of both.
One w ord on the profits of manufacturing, and we close.
The very free trade journals which moralized with ill-con-
cealed exultation over the reported failures of the Sauger-
ties Iron Works, of senator Spiague's Calico Woiks, &.c . as
showing the delusiveness of piotection and of the hopes of
benefit to manufactures from the tariff, have since made the
land ring with their proclamations, that the manufacturers,
under the protectiv e tarift, are making profits of20 to 40 per
cent ' The excuse for this falsehood is the alleged fact
that the Merrimac, at Lowell, and one or two other compa-
nies, have made heavy dividends this ) ear. Now, the Mer-
rimac is the oldest establishment at Lowell, with extensive
and valuable connections, and engaged in printing calicoes;
(the same business which senator Sprague tailed in this
year,) having a capital of two millions of dollars, and thus
able to supply the market when it is favorable, and with-
hold its goods when otherwise, just as the Harpers' make
money by publishing when younger ami weaker houses go
down all around them. Calico printing is either a good or
vwiy bad business; the Merrimac < ompanj have this j ear,
and usuallv make it. a good one. But the average dividends
ol the Lowell companies have not been seven per cent, this
v ear, nor averaged five per cent since the)' weie establish-
ed probablv not four. We have read over the list of divi-
dends lecefved bv one of the heaviest owners of manufac-
turing stocks in Boston, whose investments have been made
wiselj and well; and his dividends do not average seven
pei cent, this v ear, while lor the three preceding they fell
below five. There are very lew who have done better,
while many have fared w orse than he But it is uselesu to
dwell Luther on this branch of the subjcct.
TEXAS ANNEXATION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In Senate} Wednesday) June 12, 1844—On the Presi-
dent's appeal message.
On the motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill to pro-
vide for the annexation of Texas to the United
States, was taken up, and read a second time as fol-
lows:
Be it enacted, $-t., That the President of the United States
bo, and he hereby is, authorized and advised to open nego-
tiations with Mexico and Texas for the adjustment of boun-
daries, and the annexation of the latter to the United States,
on the following bases, to wit:
1 The boundary of the annexed territory to be in the des-
ert prairie west of the Nueces, and along the highlands and
mountain heights which divide the waters ofthe Mississippi
from the waters of the Rio del Noite, and to latitude 42 de-
grees north.
2. The people of Texas, by a legislative act, or by any au-
thentic act which shows the will oi the majority, to express
their assent to said annexation.
3. A State, to be called uThe Stuff of Tea <?>," with bounda-
ries fixed by herself, and an extent not exceeding that of the
largest State m the Union, to be admitted into the Usrox, by
virtue of this act. on an equal footing with the original
States.
4 The remainder of the annexed territory to be held and
disposed of b\ the United States as one of their Territories,
and to be called "the Southwest Territory
u. The existence of slavery to be forever prohibited in the
northern and northwestern part ol said Territory, west of
the one hundreth degree of longitude west from Greenwich,
so as to divide, as equally as may be, the whole of the an-
nexed countiy between slavehol'Iing and non-slaveholding
States. '
6. The assent of Mexico to be obtained by treaty to such
annexation and boundary, or to be dispensed with when the
Congress of the United States may deem nuch assent to be
unnecessary.
7. Other details of the annexation to be adjustedby treaty,
so far as the same may come w ltlun the scope of the treaty-
making power.
The bill having been read, Mr. B. said he deemed
it his privilege and his duty to call the attention of
the Senate to a very extraordinary proceeding,
namely, an appeal by the President of the ^United
States to the House of Representatives, against the
decision of the Senate on the Texas treaty, and
which had been made by a special message to the
House on yesterday. He would read the intro-
ductory sentence of the message, to show the na-
ture and object of this novel and unconstitutional
appeal. He read:
"The treaty negotiated by the executive with the repub-
lic of Texas, without a depm tnre from any form of proceed-
ing customarily observed in the negotiation of treaties, for
the annexation of that republic to the bnited States, having
been rejected by the Senate, and the subject having excited
on the part of the people no ordinary degree of interest, j
