June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M9
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation ef Texas—Mr. Behtou.
Senate.
feel it to be my duty to communicate for your consideration
the rejected treaty, together with all tne correspondence
and documents which have heretofore been submitted to
the Senate in its executive session."
This, said Mr. B., shows the appeal, and its ob-
ject. The rejected treaty, and the documents in
support of it, are all communicated to the House
of Representatives, avid communicated for the evi-
dent purpose of bringing the House into collision
with the Senate, inducing them to ratify the treaty
which the Senate has rejected,* and producing an
an excitement among the .people. The resolution
attempted to be obtained from the House Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, and known to be similar
to the joint resolution introduced on this floor by a
friend of the administration, are further proofs of
this design, and place it beyond dispute. This is
the evident design of the appeal, and which places it
in the chapter of those nullification movements which
have for their object the destruction of the constitu-
tion and of the Union. No such thing was ever
done before, either in our own government, or any
government of divided powers and co-ordinate parts.
The Senate is the supreme constitutional judge for
the confirmation or rejection of treaties, and from its
decision no appeal lies to the House of Representa-
tives. Right or wrong, its decision is final; and,
when it has rcjccted a treaty, there is an end of it.
The thing is dead, and is incapable of revival! yet
the President lias carried this dead article—this de-
funct instrument—into the House of Representa-
tives, that they may give it effect and execution in
spite of the Senate. He has in fact called upon the
House to ratify a treaty which the constitutional
ratifying power has rejected. This is an appeal
from the Senate, and an insurrection against the
constitution, and calling upon the House to do wliat
they cannot, and what it is unconstitutional to at-
tempt. The treaty is extinct! the paper which con-
tained it is a blank! as much so as if a chemical pro-
cess had extracted every word! for the rejection of
the Senate is the extinction and annihilation of eve-
ry word that it contains. A bundle of blank paper
is, in the eyes of the constitution, sent to the House
of Representatives, with a request that they will
unconstitutionally insert what the Senate lias consti-
tutionally erased; and thus arraign and nullify a co-
ordinate branch of the government. The Senate is
a co-ordinate branch of the government, necessary
to its balance in the eyes of our fathers, and as inde-
pendent as it is supreme within its legitimate sphere.
The House can take no jurisdiction of a treaty until
after it has received the advice and consent of the
Senate to its ratification; after such ratification, if the
treaty requires legislative aid to execute it, it is then
communicated to the House; and, if the papers on
which it was founded are called for, these also are
furnished. This is the only constitutional way
for the House to act on a treaty. But
here, a rejected treaty is communicated; all
the papers are communicated at the same
time, and this double communication, coupled
with all the tone and tenor of the message, and the
resolution offered in the Senate, and solicited in the
House, show that its design is to excite the people
and the House against the Senate—to get up an
agitation—to nullify a co-ordinate part of the gov-
ernment—to enforce a defunct treaty—and to create
mischief and confusion. A presidential clcction is
approaching; and it consorts with a part of the origi-
nal design of this treaty to keep it in view—to throw
it into the arena, and call upon the combatants to
fight over its dead body. In that point of view, a
dead treaty is better than a living one; and this ac-
counts fonts unconstitutional and indecent interjec-
tion into the body of the House.
The Senate is apart, and a constituent part, of
our balanced and representative form of govern-
ment. Bring it into contempt, and the government
is crippled. Nullify it, and the constitution is de-
stroyed. Institute appeals from it to-the House of
Representatives, and the two houses are brought
into collision. Excite the people against it, and
they are made to demolish a large pillar in the ed-
ifice of their own liberties. I have seen the Senate
sensitive oil this point—fastidiously and unneces-
"'Resolved bil the Senate <rnd Hmist of Representatives of (he
United States of Ann lea in Confirm Miealled, That the com-
pact of annexation made between the executive government
of the United States and that of Texas, and submitted to the
Senate for confirmation by the President of the Uniteu
States, be, and the same is hereby, ratified 3<? the fmidamcn-
til law oi union between the United States and Texas, as
soon as the supreme executive and legislative power of
Texas shall uitify and confirm the said compact ot annexa-
tion/' -Mr. McPujf&a resolution.
sarily so, as I believed; and when the present as-
sailants of this body were among its' foremost de-
fenders: I allude to the case of the protest of Pres-
ident Jackson in the spring of 1834. Then we had
a great scene in this chamber. Several orators took
fire—among others the present President of the
United States, and his Secretary of State—(then
senators on this' floor)—the protest, though a mere
denial of the right of the Senate to try and condemn
the President without a hearing, was repulsed as an
insult, and voted a breach of privilege. Yet, how
different the cases! Then the Senate was believed
by many (and the people have backed that opinion)
to have acted unconstitutionally: now their constitu-
tional power is undeniable. Yet the two persons
who were foremost on that occasion to defend the
Senate, are united to attack it now.
Mr. President, an appeal from the decision of any
branch of our government is no light affair, and can-
not be tolerated by those who are friendly to our
constitution. It has been tried once, and received
its merited rebuke. The French revolutionary min-
ister, Genet, appealed from President Washington's
proclamation of neutrality in the year 1793. The
American people resented and reprobated his insur-
gent conduct. Even the volcanic convention rebuked
it. He was recalled and disgraced.
Not content with sending the defunct treaty, and
all the published papers, to the House of Repre-
sentatives—even that negro chef (Vmivre of a cor-
respondence, designed to exasperate and ulcerate the
North against the South,—not content with doing all
this, the President transmits also to the House what
is called the "suppressed documents"—to which he
attaches a mysterious importance; and the more so
on account of their hapless fate—strangled by the
pitiless decree of the cruel Senate. Hear him:
"The papers communicated embrace not only the series
already made p'ubhc by orders of the Senate, but others
from which the veil of secrecy has not been removed hy
that body, but which J deem to be essential to a just appre-
ciation of the entire question.
"Upon this point, 1 cannot too impressively invite your
attention to my message of the 16th May, and to the docu-
ments which accompany it, w hjoh have not heretofore been
made public. If it be objected that the names of tlx* writers
of some of the private letters are withheld, all that I can say
is, that it is done for reasons regarded as altogether ade-
quate, and that the writers arc persons of thi* first xespecta-
bility, and citi'/ens of Texas, and have such means of ob-
taining information as to entitle their sentiments to full
credit."
Veil of secrecy1 What an expression to apply
to the letter Of General Jackson, reprinted in every
country paper, and worn out in the service, of the
Texian treaty! What an expression to apply to a
parcel of anonymous letters, and some notoriously
of land speculators!
Of a fact, the President communicated this letter
of General Jackson to the Senate. It was read; and
having been printed in all the newspapers, no fur-
ther printing of it was deemed necessary by the
Senate; and now, the non-reprint of this letter is
called a suppression of a document, and the veil of
secrecy is exhibited as being tied down c'ose upon
it by the American Senate! And for this, the Amer-
ican President points out the Senate for the reproba-
tion of the House of Representatives and the re-
sentment of the people.
Again: some of these private letters, thus convert-
ed into documents, and suppressed documents, are
admitted by the President to be without names? but
then he vouches for the respectability of these anon-
ymous letter-writers, whose names will not bear a
confidential communication to a co-ordinate branch
of the government. Good. We have had some-
thing of that before—something of these private let-
ters, without names, and whose respectability is
vouched for by the executive government.
This whole proceeding was commenced (so far as
the record shows a commencement) on a foundation
of that sort: a proceeding ill which we have made
a pretty figure! outraged Mexico—insulted Great
Britain—bamboozled Texas—and disgraced our-
selves! all this was commenced, so far as the record
can speak, upon ten lines of a private letter, "from a
most respectable gentleman of Maryland, then in Lon-
donAnd when the Senate send to inquire for the
name of this most respectable gentleman, and for the
remainder of his letter, behold! the return to the
request is, non est inventus! or, rather, non sunt in-
venti! for neither the most respectable gentleman's
name, nor private letter, can be found! The most
diligent inqniry leaves both undiscovered. The name
of the writer is unascertainable in the Department of
State, (though known to every body to be Mr. Duff
Green;) and there ends the inquiry of the Senate,
and the President's response to.it.* In the mean
time, it is ascertained that there is not one word of
truth in this most respectable gentleman's private
communication, on the faith of which the adminis-
tration had warred on Mexico, insulted Great Britian,
bamboozled Texas, and disgraced itself. After
this, it was hardly to' have been expected;that
another dish of these private letters, from the most
respectable gentlemen, of undiscoverable npme,
should be served up to,the Senate. But, served.up
Ihey were! and because the Senate "refused to digni-
fy this anonymous stuff with an order to print it, a
grave accusation is laid before the House of Repre-
sentatives of the crimen suppressio. Besides" the
anonymous letters thus sent in, there were others
with names; and these names were those of land
speculators, whose interests required "immediate an-
nexation;'" and whose interested communications
now figure in the President's message as suppressed
documents, and veiled archives. Documents are
said to be suppressed, and the veil of secrecy tied
down upon national archives. At the same time the
contents of these suppressed papers are figuring in
all the government newspapers, and the story of
their secrecy is just as true as is the documentary-
character which has been claimed for them. But
this is not all: while refusing the honors of printing
to this fatherless trash, the trash itself was -at the
service of the President and his friends; and, hut for
the appearance of disrespect, would have teen re-
turned to him. Make them public the Senate was
ready to do at any moment; and did so, on my
motion, yesterday, to print them, and' give
them a place among the national archives, was to dis-
grace the real archives, and to give undeserved credit
to anonymous and interested trash. Tot make them
public was not necessary to any purpose of the
President. He wanted them for the public', not for
the Senate! and he had copies of the whole in the
Department of State, the knowledge of which was
spread through the.papers.
Why were such things as these sent to us, except
to give them to the public, and raise a false clamor?
The Senate is engaged in a grave proceeding, which
concerns the honor and the peace of the country.
The President states a case, which involves war,and
dishonor, and wishes the Senate to act upon it. The
Senate wants some proof. Ten lines of a private
letter are sent to them. These ten lines are found
to be false! and to supply their place, more private
letters, from anonymous writers, are sent. This 13
trifling with the Senate, and with the country. War
is not to be made upon such proof. A justice of the
peace, in the question of title to a goose, worth a
shilling, would not take such proof. Yet' it is now
sent to the Senate of the United States to induce it
to make war—to induce it to become accessary, after
the fact, to the war already unconstitutionally waged
on Mexico.
But what thinks the President himself of anony-
mous communications, or of letters, or of newspaper
*7V; the Senate of the United States:
In answer to the resolution of the Senate of the, 28th
tiltimo, upon the subjcct of a "private letter,"> quoted in the
instruction from the late Mr. Upshur to the charge d'affaires
of the Uuited States mlVxas, dated the 8th of August last,
I transmit a report from the Secretary of State, to whom the
resolution was referred.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, June 3, 1844.
To the. President of the United States:
The Secretary of State has the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of the resolution of the Senate of the 28th ultimo,
requesting the President to communicate to that body "the
whole of the 'private letter* from London, with its date,
quoted by the American Secretary of State in his letter of
the 9th [8th'] of August, 1643, to the United States chaise
in Texas so far as the same applies to Texas: and all other
letters from the same person relative to the annexation of
Texas to the United States, also, that the President be re-
quested to inform the Senate of the name of the writer of
said j3>'iiGtt letter? and whether the said writer was em-
ployed by the government of the United States in Europe;
a.id if so a copy of the instructions under which he acted,
or of the letters or papers which accredited him, the
character in which he acted, by whom appointed, the
amount of money which he received, and out of what fund
^reph'3 the undersigned has the honor to report to the
President that, after diligent inquiry, no letterofthe charac-
ter referred to can be found on the files of this department,
nor any evidence that such has ever been placed' on them.
He is unable to ascertain the name of the writer in question
from any documents in possession of the department; and
presumes that the letter referred to in the resolution o? the
Senate, being "private^ is amongst the private papers of the
fate Mr. Upshur.
Respectfully submitted.
* J. C. CALHOUN,
Department of State,
Washington, June 8,1844.
