STd
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL06E.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
publications, even those of his own official gazette,
or of unauthenticated testimony of any kind, as a
foundation for public acts among nations? What
thinks he of such proof when a case is to be made
out against him, instead of for him? What thinks
he of such testimony in such reverse of position?
Let his conduct answer! Let the documents in this
case answer! Let the petulant replies, and undigni-
fied huffing, and childish hectoring, and coffee-house
blustering, which appeared in the letters to General
Almonte last November, let them answer! these cap-
tious ebullitions, taking it in high dudgeon that the
Mexican government even made such evidence a
foundation for an inquiry into the design to annex
Texas to this Union! Let them answer. In these
letters the opinion of the President is expressed (for
they were written by his order) of all testimony
below official, even the demi-official of his own
organ: and to what he there says of such evidence,
refusing, as he did, to notice or to answer it, and
treating its mere exhibition as a cause of offence, I
remit him for the judgment which ought to be pro-
nounce on himself for the trash which he sent to the
Senate, and his subsequent attempt to exalt it to the
rank of a national document, and his present formal
attempt to impose it upon the House of Representa-
tives and the country.
The President, in his message of appeal, assumes
to know the reasons on which the Senate acted in
rejecting the treaty; he then attacks those assumed
reasons, and argues against them. This is, every-
way, a most unjustifiable assumption and proceed-
ing. The Senate gives no reasons for its decisions.
It is an advising and consenting body, in relation to
the formation of treaties, and gives or withholds its
advice and consent without being required to justi-
fy itself upon reasons. It speaks by yeas and nays;
it neither gives nor can give reasons. As a body, it
is impossible to give reasons; and, as for individual
members, their reasons are their own, and for the
President to answer them is to bring the chief ma-
gistrate into collision with individual senators. As a
body, the Senate has given no reasons for rejecting
this treaty. Individual members have given rea-
sons; and these the President attacks, treating the
act of individual senators as the act of the body.
This is a double injustice—at once ainugning the in-
dependence of the Senate, and arraigning it for acts
not its own. Such conduct must involve its conse-
quence; and the senator who sees himself assailed
must answer for himself and the body. Well, I am
in that predicament! and it will be seen how this
novel species of warfare will terminate!
Assuming, then, to know the reasons on which
the Senate acted in rejecting this treaty, the Presi-
dent proceeds to answer them, and to argue against
them. At the head of these stands the objection for
the want of the consent of Mexico to the proposed
annexation, and his reasons for not seeking that as-
sent previously to the formation of the treaty. He
says:
"It has been objected that the measure of annexation
should be preceded by the consent of Mexico To preserve
the most friendly relation1? w ith .Mexico; to concede to her
not grudgingly but fteely all her rights, to negotiate fairiy
and frankly with her as to the question ofboundary, to ren-
der her, in a word, the fullest and mo.-t ample reeompen>e
for any loss she might convince us she had sustained.—
fully accords with the feelings and \icws the executive has
always entertained
"Bui negotiations in advance of annexation would prove
not only abortive, but, might be regarded as offensive to
Mexico, and insulting to Texas Mexico would not, I am
persuaded, give ear for a moment to an attempt at negotia-
tion in advance, except for the whole territory ofTexas."
This is a most singular reply under every aspect
in which it can be viewed. It speaks of friendship
to Mexico, and treating with her respectfully, when
the whole conduct of the administration has been
studiously offensive end insulting to her. Witness
the whole correspondence with Gen. Almonte, so full
of decorum on his side, so captious, so huffy, so
blustering, so unbecoming on our own. The en-
tirecorrespondence, including the despatches of
our government to our minister in Mexico, was that
ofa bully strutting and swelling at a weak neighbor,
and endeavoring to pick a quarrel with him, with
the consciousness of wrong, and the assumption of
strength. The private orders to the army and na-
vy to go and watch Mexico, and take position on
the side of Texas against her, was the crowning act
of this tissue of gratuitous insult and puerile bully-
ing.
The President declares the previous consent of
Mexico to be unnecessary: unhappily for him, he
had previously admitted the contrary in three very
authentic acts. First, the despatch of a messenger
to Mexico, as soon as the treaty was signed, noto-
riously to obtain her consent, though equivocally
denied afterwards. Next, the despatch of which
that messenger was the bearer, ana which, admit-
ting the right of Mexico to be consulted, and
the necessity for her previous consent, volun-
teered an incomprehensible excuse and apolo-
gyfornot applying for that consent, in the sup-
posed necromantic, or negromantic destruction
of our Union, which the delay of an in-
stant involved."* Thirdly, in his own message of
the 15th of May, which, while denying the necessi-
ty for the consent, at the same moment admitted it,
by admitting that the messenger was sent to pacify
Mexico, and to prevent her from engaging in war
with us on account of this treaty.f These three
previous admissions of the right of Mexico to have
been consulted, and our duty to have obtained her
consent, are sufficient to overbalance the present
denial; and at that point I will permit this part of the
argument to rest.
As a reason for not consulting Mexico in advance,
the President assumes that such consultation might
prove abortive. What of that? It would only leave
us where we were, with the advantage of having
been just and respectful to a neighbor with whom
we have peace and commerce. But it is a conclu-
sion not to be admitted. When war is the question,
the civilization of the age, and the spirit of Chisten-
dom, require an effort at an understanding with the
adversary power; and this prerequisite, demanded by
the law of nations, and the spirit of the age, happens
also to be a treaty stipulation at this moment be-
tween the United States and Mexico, as I will show
in the right place.
As a further reason for not consulting Mexico in
advance, the President assumes that such consulta-
tion might have been regarded as offensive to her.
Very delicate, to be sure, all at once, towards a
power which had been systematically outraged for
a year, and against which an army and navy had
been clandestinely directed! But, could it be more
offensive than negotiating without her consent—tell-
ing her to her face that we were ready for all possi-
ble consequences^—and sending an army and navy
to her coasts and frontiers, to back the defiance?
Insulting to Texas, is another of the reasons for
not consulting Mexico; as if anything could be more
insulting to her than the manner in which she had
been begged, bullied, deceived, threatened, and
tricked into this negotiation;^ and then mystified
with an incomprehensible abolition of slavery hallu-
•"You will finally assure the government of Mexico that
the government of the United State5; would ha\e Leon hap-
py, i! circumstances had permitted it, to act m eoncurrrnee
with that of Mexico in takirg the step it has; but with
all its respect for Mexico, and anxious desire that the two
countries should continue on friendly terms.it could not
make what it believed might involve the "ofotv of the Union
itselfdepeni on the contingency of obtaining the previous
consent of Mexico. But while it could not, with a due re-
gard to the safety of the Union, do that, it has taken every
precaution to make the terms of the treaty as little objec-
tionable to Mexico as possible; and, among others, has left
the boundary of Texas without specification, so that what
the line of boundary should be might be an open question,
tobeiairn an.lfullv discussed and settled according to the
right5: of each imd the mutual interest and security of the
t'Aiirnii'jtnt.'s."—Mr. Calhoun to Mr B E. G,ern.
f'.i mt-N-.enger has b; en despatched to ovr minister at
Mt'X'eo, as bearer of the despatch ilreadj communicated to
the Senate, and which is to lie found m "the letter addressed
to Mr. Green, and forms a part of the documents ordered
confidentially to be printed lor the use of the Senate. Thot
despatch was dictated by a desire to preserve the peace of
the two countries, by dem ing to Mexico all pretext for as-
Miming a belligerent altitude to the United States, as she
had thrented to do in the event of the annexation of Texas
to the United States, by the e.'spatch of her go\ eminent,
winch was communicated by me to Congress, at the open-
ing of its present session ""—Mr. Tylei "s w-ssagt, May 15.
| "It h-.ts taken it [the step for annexing Texas to the United
States by treaty] in full view of all possible consequt nc«_s,
but not without a desire and hope that a full and fair dis-
closure of the causes which induced it to do so would pre-
vent the disturbance of the haimoiij subsisting between the
two countries, which th<> United Status is anxious to pre-
serve "—Mr Calhoun to Mr. B. JC G)(cn.
^"The fail-ire of the proposition heretofore made by Texas
for admission into our Union -should not be allowed to in-
fluence her present course. If the proposition could have
been placed at that time in the light in which it is now seen,
there would have been no hesitation upon the sublet. In-
deed. it was then regarded rather as a question of time than
any thing clip; foi I am well assured that a majority of the
people of this country have always considered the annexa-
tion ofTexas to their territory as an eventthat must happen,
sooner or later. At all events, no other question can grow
out of the failure of the first proposition than one of mere
etiquette, or national self-respect. I have anticipated and
provided for this. Supposing that Texas might ieel some
reluctance to renew a proposition which had been once re-
jected, I have invited her, through her charge at Washing-
cination, and libelled with the imputation of a Brit-
ish alliance project.
The President says the fullest and most ample re-
compense is to be offered to Mexico for the1 loss she
might sustain. "What is this but offering to pay
her," since the treaty, for Texas? and, in fact, all ac«
counts agree that from five to ten millions were to be
offered to Santa Anna! that our messenger went
freighted with that rich offer! Again: He says he
would settle the question of boundary with Mexico
frankly and liberally. Now, why not do this be-
forehand? Why seize upon parts of New Mexico,
Chihuahua, Coahuila,andTamaulipas; and then say,
he would restore them on frank and liberal terras,
by treaty? In the mean time, what would be the
legal condition of these Mexicari States, if the treaty
had been ratified? They would have been part of
the United States! than which nothing could have
been more outrageous to Mexico. Would our ad-
ministration behave thus towards Great Britain?
Would it incorporate, by treaty with any revolted
Canadians, two thousand miles of Upper and Lower
Canada? and then offer to treat liberally with Great
Britain for its restoration? No. Sooner would they
nip the forked lightning with their naked fingers.
No, no. Glueen Victoria's dominions would not be
served thus. Our President and his Secretary have
discretion. They know when,and where, and with
whom, to be valiant.
But the most curious part of this paragraph
of the message, replete as it is with absurd-
ities and contradictions, is the part which re-
fuses to negotiate with Mexico in advance, because
she would not treat, except for the whole of Texas.
When I read this exception, my eyes opened wide !
and I looked sharp for some error of the press to
ton, to enter into negotiations upon the subject. A copy of
my note is enclosed.
"We have it m our power to do more injury to the com-
merce, and, incidentally, to the agriculture,*of Texas, in
time of peace, than all the other countries of the world
combined; and, for the same reason, we can benefit her in
any equal degree. It is- not to be supposed that we shall
feel any hesitation on this subject, if Texas shall reject our
overtures and throw herself into the arms of England. In-
stead of being, as we ought to be, the closest friends, it is
inevitable that we shall become the bitterest foes. In this
feeling all parts of our country will participate.
"If Texas should refuse to come into our Union, meas-
ures will instantly be taken to fill her territory with emi-
grants from Europe. Extensive arrangements for this are
already made, and they will be carried into effect as soon
as the decision ofTexas shall be known. These emigrants
will bring with them European leelings and European
opinions. Emigration from the United States will cease;
at all events, the people of the southern States will not run
the hazard of subjecting their slave property to the control
of a population w ho are anxious to abolish slavery. Texas
will soon cea-e to he an American State.
"But the first measure of the new emigrants, as soon as
thej shallhave sufficient strength, will be to destroy that
great domestic institution upon which so much of the pros-
perity of our southern country depends. To this, England
will stimulate them, and she will also furnish the means of
accomplishing it. I have commented upon this topic in the
despatch to i\ir. Everett. I will only add, that if Texas
should not be attached to the United States, she cannot
maintain that institution ten years, and probably not half
that time.
"Vou will readily perceive that, with such causes as
these at work, a long continuance of peace between that
country and the United States is absolutely impossible.
War is inevitable. England will be a party to it from lie-
cosi !ty, if not from choic°; and the other great powers of
the woild w ill not be idle s'pectators of a contest involving
such momentous results. 1 think it almost certain that the
peace of the civilised world, the stability of long-establish-
ed institutions, and the destinies of millions Koth m Europe
and America, hang on the decision w hioh 7s. xas shall now
pronounce. What has she to hope in this conf.u I of strong-
er powers} She will find herself between the upper and the
nether millstones, ground to powder in their revolutions.
"Measuies have been taken to ascertain the opinions and
views of sonator< upon the subject, and it is found that a
char constitutional majority of two-thirds are iujavor of the
measure This 1 learn from sources which do not leave the
matter doubtful, and I have reasun to know that President
Houston himself has received the san;e information from
sources which will command his respect There is not, in
my opinion, the slightest doubt of the ratification of a treaty
of annexation, should Texas agree to make one.
"The pending negotiation with Mexico ought not to pre-
sent any difficulty, unless Texas is prepared to go back
again under the dominion of thai power. As it is certain
that she will not consent to do this, under any possible cir-
cumstances, the result of that negotiation cannot artect un-
favorably the proposition of annexation to this country. If
Mexico should acknowledge the independence of Texas,
then Texas will have an undisputed light to dispose of "her-
self as she pleases, and if Mexico shalf refuse that acknowl-
edgment. Texas will the moieneed the protection which
the United States now ofter* She can require nothing
more, in this last event, than that the United States shall
take upon themselves the adjustment of her difficulties with
Mexico.
"It seems to me that a wise people cannot long hesitate be-
tween the alternatives now presented to Texas."—Mr. Up*
shir's letter to the. VmtH States charge in Texas, January 16,
1844. "
