tm
,A ij •• -«
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong ....1st Sess.
MONDAY, MAY 6, 1844.
Volume 13..,.JJo, s&.
[Continued from .Yb. 35.
printing-cloths in England and America show these,
facts as to the price of labor: First, a difference of
almost 10 per cent, in favor of the cheapness of
English'labor, and 15 per cent, or thereabouts ad-
vantage to the American manufacturer in the cost of
the staple cotton of New England; that the wages
in New England, per week, each person, are
$3; .in old England, in 1842, about $2 66;
showing a difference of 34 cents per week; and
that the' wages of carpenters, bricklayers, do-
mestic artificers, and machinists, in Greenwich, Eng-
land, from 1819 to 1840, was about $8 per week;
and this was not pauper labor. Gentlemen talked
about pauper labor; but they did not stop to inquire
why it existed. Here, however, was the reason!
That pauper labor exists in the manufacturing
districts of England, no one denies.. Why it exists,
but few stop to inquire. It is the substitution of
the power-loom for the hand-loom. Every power-
loom can do at least three times the work of a hand-
loom. In England, in 1820, the number of hand-
looms at work was 24,000; of power-looms 14,000.
In 1830, the former remained at 24,000, while the
latter had increased to 55,000; showing an increase
in the amount of work done by the power-looms
equal to the work afforded by 122,000 hand-looms.
The successful competition of power against hand-
looms has reduced the earning of hand-loom weav-
ers to a point below that of cost of subsistence. The
consequence is, that pauper labor is confined princi-
pally to the hand-loom weavers, a large proportion
of whom are now old and decrepit.
After some observations on the facts here stated,
he proceeded to show that the system of' taxation
which did so much to produce paupers-in England
was resorted to for the support of her army, her
navy, her civil list, &c. For these purposes, taxa-
tion was resorted to in every conceivable form. It
was to build up a patrician order, to ride booted and
spurred over the poor plebeian of that country—a
system to which, he regretted to see, we were ap-
proximating here. They talked of protecting the
labor of the manufacturer; or, in the language of
the day, they were to give a fair and moderate, but
certain and stable, encouragement to all branches of
industry. They talked about protecting the agri-
culture of the country; but how did they obtain the
power to do that' Could they cause the dews of
heaven to descend upon it, or preserve the fruits of
the earth from the worm and the caterpillar They
possessed no such power; and for the protection of
agriculture, they were dependent.on that God whose
blessings fell both on the just and the unjust.
He held in his hand an exposition of party prin-
ciples recently set forth at Raleigh, of which he
would say that they meant anything or nothing.
The first item was "an honest and economical ad-
ministration of the government," and it was an ex-
cellent proposition. The next was "a sound cur-
rency of uniform value," which we now have with-
out a bank, promoted by placing proper restraints
on credit. The third was "fair and moderate, but
certain and stable encouragement to all branches of
industry ," which would perhaps be good if it could
be equalized and applied to all branches. But it could
not be done. The next was "peace and union;
peace as long as it can be preserved with honor;
preparation for vigorous war when it is inevitable;
union at all hazards." Yes, union at all hazards.
He had seen the day when he loved this Union.
He loved it yet. He still loved the work of the
mighty men who had passed off this stage of action;
but he could not sing hosannas to it as he once
did. He loved this Union—not deformed as the
monopolists would make it, but as it existed with
their forefathers; and he would adhere to it as long
as it was preserved to them; but if the system was
to be riveted upon them by which labor was to be
robbed of its reward, and an aristocracy was to be
created—if the two classes of patrician and plebeian
were to be created by it out of the mass of our
population, as they exist in Europe, he would say,
in the name of God let the Union exist no longer.
The next article of this creed was, "men only of
character, fidelity, and ability, appointed to public
office;" but all parties were apt to believe that their
men were the right nien- The sixth article was
"Just limitations.au (1. restraints upon the executive
power. " On this point he would observe that there
was as much danger from congressional as from ex-
ecutive usurpation.- He deemed it necessary to pre-
serve the- checks and balances of our system; other-
wise the weaker portions would become subservient
to the strong. He was for letting the constitution
remain as it is. It was the work of mighty hands;
and it was the great shield of our liberties, around
which devoted patriots could rally in the hour of
tribulation. It was necessary that it should be pre-
served unchanged for the protection of even minori-
ties; and in the name of God let it stand.
There were other items in this creed, which were
as follows: A distribution of the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands among all the Sates on just and
liberal terms; a just administration of our common
constitution, without any addition to, or abstraction
from, the _powers which it fairly confers, by forced
interpretation^ and the preservation, exclusively by
the States, of their local and peculiar institutions.
Now, the distribution policy would create the neces-
sity for unequal taxation, and lead to the system by
which classes—patrician and plebeian—would be
created in this country. The next item was de-
signed to enlarge the int'eroretation of that clause of
the constitution which authorizes Congress to make
laws to carry delegated powers into effect; and as a
commentary on the last and concluding one, he
would point to the attempts to cause a dissolution
of the Union by the adoption of resolutions to de-
stroy slave representation, and other kindred acts of
some of the leaders, and many of the rank and file
of one of the parties of a portion of this country.
But there was another view of this subject of pro-
tection to which he would advert. Much was said
of national independence, and they were told it was
necessary that it should be protected. He here went
into an examination of this portion of the subject,
but we can only simply allude to the course of his
argument. After making some remarks on the inde-
pendence of these United States, he considered their
commercial dependence, and contended that the ob-
ect of government was to create mutual dependence
by abolishing natural and creating civil rights. He
showed that it had always existed amongst men; it
existed amongst the people; it existed amongst
States, and should exist amongst the nations of the
world. He commented on this mutual dependence
so far as regarded the products of the West,
and the South, with other countries; and said this
exchange of products between the South and the
West, and other States, gave increased activity, and
rendered mutual dependence necessary and proper.
The mtrkets of the North (he said) were not suffi-
cient for the consumption of her own produce, and
the produce of the West. He said he did not wish
to be misunderstood on this great question, nor did
he wish to put other gentlemen in a wrong position;
but if the system, as it was being developed, was to
be persisted in, where were they to look for the re-
sults? It would then perhaps become necessary to
calculate the value of this Union; he would say, in
all seriousness, that he had began to calculate it
already. Under the declaration of independence, the
right to do so existed; and whenever the connexion
became too rigorous to be borne, any who were ag-
frieved might say, cut us asunder, and let us go.
.nd in that day, where would be the South? If, for
the promotion of this system, agriculture (the
foundation of every thing) was to be partially destroy-
ed, and commerce to be paralyzed, that manufactures
might prevail, and privileged classes be created—
if monopoly was to be the prevailing feature of
this government, he repeated it would be necessary
to calculate the value of this Union. And where
would be the South in the contest that would
come? Where would be the West' And where
the plebeians of every section of this Union?
Where, he asked, would be the descendants of the
Huguenots, who fled from France in defence of
liberty? Where the free-trade men of 1832,
who were then for driving things to a crisis? They
would rise, and with one united voice cry, "Down,
down with this tyranny." He would venture to
say that they would all rush to the rescue, that the
principles on which this Union was established,
might be maintained; and that they might preserve,
as it was received from their patriot fathers, the sa-
cred legacy of liberty and independence.
Mr.' BRODHEAD continued. the debate in op-
position to the tariff bill, and in favor of a protective
tariff. Hesaid that the State of Pennsylvania was
unanimously in favor of the protective- policy, and
maintained that all our chief magistrates, from
the origin of the government down .to this time,
had held the protection of American industry*to -be
one of the cardinal principles of republicanism.
He contended that free trade Was a Utopian idea
that never could be carried into effect with the con-
sent of the people, as it m(ist be accompanied-with
direct taxation; and that, as the support of the gov-
ernment by duties in foreign importations was ne-
cessary, these duties should be laid in such a way
as to discriminate in favor of the American man-
ufacturer. He also argued that the present tariff
was producing the most beneficial results, and that
it would be unwise to disturb it.
Mr. SLIDELL addressed the House in favor of
the bill up to the expiration of the hour allotted
him; but, being cut short by the Chairman's ham-
mer before he had concluded his remarks, he inti-
mated, as he probably would not have another
opportunity to finish what he intended to say, that
he would write out his speech in full, and publish
it as he intended to have delivered it.
Mr. STEENROD next obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee in an argumentative speech
in favor of the bill up to the end of his hour. He
went at length into the injustice and inequality of
the protective system, its bounties to one class of
citizens at the expense of the others, and particu-
larly dwelt on itts effects as a revenue measure, ar-
guing that a high tariff would raise less revenue
than a moderate one.
Mr. WELLER next obtained the floor, but he
gave way for a motion to rise.
The committee - accordingly rose and reported
progress.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, certain papers
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from a sclect committee, re-
ported a bill to provide for the establishment of a
national foundry; and it was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House oil
the state of the Union.
The House then adjoul-ned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them: *
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of S. Y. St. John and
26 other citizens of Lewisboro, N. Y., for reduction of the
rates of postage, and abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The claim of Hiram Burn-
ham, of Saline, Michigan, for services, &c. Claim of Capt.
Francis Cicoke, of Detroit, ior damages done t>y the Indians
during the last war. Two petitions of citizens of Wayne
county, Michigan, for a new mail route from Oakville to
Wayne, in said State.
By Mr. .McILVAiNE: The remonstrance of P. Fid/.ur
Smith and a number of others, citizens of Chester county.
Pennsylvania, against any alteration of the present tariff
By Mr. CROSS: A petition of the citizens of Clark and
Hempstead counties, m the.State of Arkansas, praying for a
mail route from Arkadelphia, in the former, to Olarksyille,
iu the latter county: referred to the appropriate committee.
By Mr. DANA: The petition of Elisha Morrell, adminls.
trator of Joseph icard, deceased, for the payment of Icard's
proportion oi the money awarded to the owners of the ship
Cadiz, withheld to satisfy a claim of the United States
against John S. Roulett, another joint owner of said ship:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. WETHERKD: A petition from E. T. Griffin and
others of the city of Baltimore, praj ing Congress to abstain
from all legislation on the subject of the tariff.
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of Hemy Sits, of Stark,
Herkimer county, N. Y., asking arrearages of pension: refer-
red to the Committee oil Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The petition of Edward A.
Lambert, praying an allowance on account of error in con-
tract to furnish the New York custom-house with blank
books: referred to the Committee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 29, 18-14.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented two memorials signed by
citizens of Middletown and Norwich, Connecticut, remon-
strating against the annexation of Texas to the United.
States: referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CLAYTON presented two memorials signed by a.
