June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5T&
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
upon this point. Mr. A. declared that he had heard
nothing about it.]
Mr. B. resumed. Then I will do their duty for
them, and communicate that extraordinary circum-
stance to the Senate—extraordinary in itself for our
President to have received such a contradiction; and
made more so by |his concealment of it. Here is
Sir Robert Peel's statement, made in the House of
Commons:
"That question [right of visit] was brought undet the
consideration of the house at an early period of the session,
when some language that had been used by the President of
the United States was adverted to, and he (Sir Robert Peel)
then stated to the house most distinctly that, in acceding to
that convention, the government nevermeant to relinquish,
and never had relinquished, any one of the principles in re-
gard to the right of visit which this country had maintain-
ed; and he stated that a communication had been made by
this government to the government of the United States
maintaining the principles which he had always avowed."
In this public, peremptory, and unceremonious
manner, the British statesmen correct the errors of
our government in relation to misunderstandings of
their designs. They permit no mistake about them.
They not only will not lead us into a misapprehen-
sion, but will not permit our government to lie under
one conceived without their agency. It is the same
in all cases—the Oregon—impressment—Schlosser
outrage—fugitive slave criminals—and all the points
of difference between us. They avow what they
intend in all cases; and when such a government
makes a disavowal—much more, when it repeats it
to the seventh time—is it to be disbelieved? Be as-
sured, the name of our President inspires no such
terror in London as to make the British government
change its character, or conceal its designs from
him. Whatever advantage they mean to take of the
folly which gave them jurisdiction of the Texas
treaty, and of the criminality which undertook to
make them responsible for the aggression on Mexi-
co, and of the perfidy which violated the armistice of
which she was a guarantee: whateveradvantage she
may choose to take of these follies and offences, our
administration may rest assured that there will be
no concealment—that they will hear of it in plain
and direct language.
Our administration, and especially the negotiator
of this treaty, has been endeavoring to pick a quar-
rel with England, and upon the slave question.
Senators have observed this, and have remarked
upon the improvidence of seeking a quarrel with a
great power on a weak point, and in which we
should be in the wrong, and have the sympathies of
the world against us, and see divided opinions at
home; and doing this when we have several great
questions of real difficulty with that power, in any
war growing out of which we should have right on
our side, good wishes from other nations, and unity
among ourselves. Senators have remarked this,
and set it down to the account of a great improvi-
dence. I look upon it, for my part, as a designed
conclusion, and as calculated to promote an ulterior
schcme. The disunion of these States is still de-
sired by many, and the slave question is viewed as
the instrument, to effect it; and in that point of view,
the multiplication of quarrels about slavery, both at
home and abroad, becomes a natural part of the dis-
union policy. Hence the attempt to pick a quarrel
with Great Britain for imputed anti-slavery designs
in Texas, and among ourselves, and all the misera-
ble correspondence to which that imputation has
given birth; and that by persons who, two years
ago, were emulating Great Britain in denunciation
of the slave-trade, and forming a naval and diplomat-
ic alliance with her for closing the markets of the
world against the introduction of slaves. Since then
the disunion scheme is revived; and this accounts
for the change of policy, and for the search after a
quarrel upon a weak point, which many thought so
improvident.
The President expresses his continued belief in a
declaration previously made to the Senate, that an
alliance, offensive ana defensive, is to be formed be-
tween Texas and Great Butain, if the treaty is re-
jected. Well, the treaty is rejected! and the formi-
dable alliance is not heard of, and never will be. It
happens to take two to make a bargain; and the
President would seem to have left out both parties
when he expressed his belief, amounting almost to
certainty, "that instructions have already been given
by the Texian government to propose to the gov-
ernment of Great Britain forthwith, on the failure (of
the treaty) to enter into a treaty of commerce, and
an alliance offensive and defensive."
Alliance offensive and defensive, between Great
Britain and Texas! a true exemplification of that
famous tdliw-e btmveen \U £i Bt and thr of
which we all read at the age of seven years. But
let us see. , First, Texas is to apply for this honor:
and I who know the people of Texas, and know
them to be American ana republican, instead of
British and monarchical, know full well that they
will apply for no such dependent alliance; and, if
they did, would show themselves but little friendly
to our country or its institutions. Next, Great
Britain is to enter into this alliance; and how stands
the account of profit and loss with her in such a con-
tract for common cause against the friends and foes
of each other? An alliance offensive and defensive,
is a bargain to fight each other's enemies—each in
proportion to its strength. In such a contract with
Texas, Great Britain might receive a contingent of
one Texian soldier for her Affghanistan and Asiatic
wars: on the other hand she would lose the friend-
ship of Mexico, and the twenty millions of silver
dollars which the government or the merchants of
Great Britain now annually draw from Mexico.
Such would be the effect of the alliance offensive
and defensive which our President so fully believes
in—amounting, as he says his belief does, to anal-
most entire certainty. Incredible and absurd! The
Mexican annual supply of silver dollars is woith
more to Great Britain than all the Texases in the
world. Besides the mercantile supply, the government
itself is deeply interested in this trade of silver dol-
lars. Instead of drawing gold from London to pay her
vast establishments by sea and land throughout the
New W orld, and in some parts of the Old—instead
of thus depleting herself of her bullion at home, she
finds the silver for these payments in the Mexican
mines. A commissary of purchases at $6,000 per
annum, and a deputy at $4,000, are incessantly em-
ployed in these purchases and shipments of silver;
and if interrupted, the bank of England would pay
the forfeit. Does any one suppose that Great
Britain, for the sake of the Texian alliance, and the
profit upon her small trade, would make an enemy
of Mexico? would give up twenty millions annually
of silver, deprive herself of her fountain of supply,
and subject her bank to the drains which the for-
eign service of her armies and navies would require?
The supposition is incredible: and I say no more to
this scare-crow alliance, in which the President so
fully believes.
The President dilates upon the justice of the
Texian revolution, and pleads its cause at the bar
of nations. All his messages are graced with this jus-
tification. He is profuse in alleging that they had
cause for revolt, and seems to address his allega-
tions to the opponents of the present treaty. Now,
it happens that this is a work of&i p"rerogatinn with
me. 1 happened to have thought of that at the time
of the revolt, and need no indoctrinating from the
neophytes of 1844 on the causes of the Texian rev-
olution. I spoke on this point in 1836, and here is
what I said:
"Heartless ij> the calumny invented and propagated, not
from this floor, but j-dsowhero, on the cau&e oi the Toxian
revolt. It it- said to be a v, vr for the extension of slavery!
It had as well be sajd that our own revolution was a war for
the extension of blavery. So lar l'.ora it, that no revolt, not
even our own, ever had a moie just and a more sacred on-
gin. The settlers in lex as went to live midei the form of
government which the} had left behind m the United State*-,
a government which extends so many guaranties for life,
liberty, propeit) . and the pursuit of happiness, an J which
their Amencau and English ancestors had vindicated for \,o
man\ hundred years A succession of violent changes in
government, and the rapid overthrow of rulers, annoyed
and distressed them; but they remained tranquil under everj
■violence which did not immediately bear on themselves. In
ISi'i the republic of 1S21 was superseded by the imperial
diadem of Iturbide. In 1623 he was deposed and banished,
returned and was shot, and Victoria made President^ I\Ien-
tuno and Bravo disputed the presidency with Victoria, and
found in banishment the mildest l^sue known to unsuccess-
ful civil war. Pediaza was elected in 18-28; Gueirero over-
threw him the next year. Then Bustrmente overthrew
Guerrero, and, quickly, Santa Anna overthrew Bustamente,
and with him all the forms of the constitution and the whole
frame of the federative government. By his own will and
by force Santa Anna disrobed the existing Congress,
convened another, formed the two Houses into one, call-
ed it a convention, and made it the instiument for de-
posing, without tiial, the constitutional Vice President,
Gomez Farias, putting Barragan mto his place, annihilating
the State governments, and establishing a consolidated gov-
ernment, of which he was monarch under the retained re-
publican title of President. Still the Texians did not take
up arms. They did not acquiescp. but they did not revolt.
They retained their State government m operation, and
looked to the other States, older . and more powerful than
Texas, to vindicate the general cause, and to re-establish
the federal constitution of 1824 In September, 183o, this
was still her position In that month a Mexican armed ves-
sel appeared oft the coast of Texas and declared her ports
blockaded. At the same time General Cos appeared in the
west with an army of fifteen hundred men, w ith orders to
arrest the State authorities, to disarm the inhabitants, leaving
one gun to every five hundred souls, and to roduco tho
Plate to uBcontUtto&al «u«ihiswon. ftonzah* was thr aoleotQd
point for $ie commencement of the execution of these or-
ders; and the first thing was the arms—those trusty rifles
which the settlers had brought with then} from the
United States, which were their defence against savages,
their resources for gam«, and the guard which con-
verted their houses into castles stronger than those
'which the King cannot enter.' A detachment of Gen-
eral Cos's army appeared at the village of Gonzales:o'n the
28th of September, and demanded the arms of- the inhabi-
tants: it was the same demand, and for the same purpose,
which the British "detachment under Majdr, Pitcairo had
made at Lexington on the 19th of April, 1775. It was the
same demand! and the same answer was given—resistance-
battle—victory! for the American blood was at Gonzales as
it had been at Lexington; and between using their arms
and surrendering their arms, that blood can never hesitate.
Then followed the rapid successioaof brilliant events which;
in two months, left Texas without an armed enemy in her
borders, and the strong forts of Goliad and the Alamo, with
their garrisons and cannon, the almost bloodless prizes of a-,
few hundred Texian rifles. This was the origin of the re-
volt; and a calumny more heartless can never be imagined
than that which would convert tins just and holy defence of
life, liberty, and property into an aggression for the exten-
sion of slavery.
"Just in its "origin, valiant and humane in its conduct, sa-
cred in its object, the Texian revolt has illustrated the an-
glo-Saxon character, and given it new titles to the respect
and admiration of the world."
Thus, and in these terms, did I vindicate the jus-
tice of the Texian revolt; and that at a time when
Texas needed friends, and when so many tongues
were silent which are now so clamorous. But, al-
though I justified the revolt, I did not dream of in-
volving my own country in it. I did .not dream of
making her a party to the Texian war. True to fehe
principle of neutrality, and noninterference, I was
for peace with Mexico, and good will to Texas, as
I now am. I saw in that revolt the certainty of
Texian independence; and in that independence,
the certainty of the re-union of all the territory to
the United States which was sacrificed by the treaty
of 1819. Independence was now on the point of
being attained under the auspi.ces of Great Britain
and Prance, when the perfidy of this administration'
broke the armistice, and threw the question back,
in the natural order of events peace and indepen-
dence would have been secured to Texas during
the present year, (1844;) and Texas, with peace aud
honor, would have come into our Union next year,
(1845.) But the designs of the President and Sec-"
retary required the Texas-question to come into the
presidential election this summer; and, therefore,
the treaty of annexation had to be procured, no mat-
ter at what price, exactly forty days before the sit-
ting of the Baltimore convention. Exactly forty
days ! for had it been earlier, there would have been
time to expose the intrigue: if later, it would have
been to late to make and unmake presidential candi-
dates.
The President tries the virtue of the "now-or-
never" argument. He says:
"With the views which 1 entertain on the subject, I should
prove faithless to the high tiust which the constitution has
devolved upon me, if i neglected to invite the attention of
the representatives of the people to it at the earliest mo-
ment that a due lespect for the Senate would allow me so to
do. 1 should find, in the urgency of the matter, a sufficient
, if one was wanting, since annexation is to en-
counter a great, if nut cei'Um, hazard of final defeat, if some-
thing be not now done to prevent it."
This is the potent argument when reason fails.
Wow or never is the address to the fears when the'
judgment refuses to yield. I have already answered
'it, and shown that, instead of now or never, it is
now and always. The people of Texas are a part
of ourselves, and their country is a part of our coun-
try; and their hopes and wishes—their love and af-
fection—will centre in our Union just as long as the
Red river and the Arkansas shall pour their floods
into the Mississippi.
But there has been "a now-or-never"- connected
with this business, which the President fully under-
stands, and through the crisis of which he ago-
nizingly went. That 11th day of April, 1844! The
Baltimore convention was approaching; the Texas
bomb could be waited for no longer; the price de-
manded was tremendous!, unconstitutional war, Per-
fidiously, clandestinely, and infamously made! But
it was the only price. Nothing less would get the
and it being "then or never," the price was
paid the "bomb" procured—and instantly launched
among the candidates.
The President has a just conception of the critical
conjuncture of "a or never;" but he has mistaken
the time and nature of hi3 crisis; and must be remit-
ted to his own scheme, and that of his Secretary,
for its just and appropriate application.
The bill which I have offered, Mr. President, is
the true way to obtain Texas. It conciliates every
interest at home and abroad, and makes sure of the
accomplishment of its object, Oft'eiKe to Mexico,
