562
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
large number of citizens of-; :—.Delaware, remon-
strating against the annexation of Texas to the United
"States; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. .
Mr. UPH AM presented a remonstrance, signed by citizens
of Hartfand, without distinction of party, remonstrating
against the. annexation of Texas, by treaty or otherwise, to
the United States, on'the ground that it would violate the
constitution of the United States, violate our treaty stipula-
tions with Mexico, and involve us in„a ^ war with_ that coun-
try: referred to the Committee on foreign Relations.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial signed by a large
number of merchants in the city of Baltimore, asking for a
drawback on exports of domestic distilled spirits from im-
ported molasses equal to the duty paid on the imported mo-
lasses: referred to the Committee oh Finance. .
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from inhabitants of
Sown of Woodbridge, Middlesex county, New Jersey, re-
monstrating against any modification of the existing tariff
law; referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from the Phoenix
insurance company of Philadelphia, and another from the
Bank of Delaware county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress
to pass a law for the redemption of certain treasury notes,
being some of those stolen, and not having on them the
marks of cancellation: ordered to lie on the table, a general
bill to meet the objcct of the memorials having been already
reported to the Senate.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, leave was granted-to
withdraw from the files the petition and papers* ot Mis. Ag-
nes Slack.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented three memorials from citi-
zens of Cleveland, Ohio, remonstrating against any change
of the present tariff" law: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. ATHERTON presented a petition from Deborah Ma-
son, praying for an extension of the pension law of 1838: re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. J ARNAGIN presented a petition from Nancy Smith,
of Tennessee, the widow of Charles - Smith, praying for the
allowance of a pansion: referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial signed by citizens of
the county of Henrico, Virginia, against the repeal or any
modification of the existing tariff law: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. R. also presented a memorial signed by citizens of
the county of Prince Edward, Virginia, urging, in strong
terms, the early annexation of Texas to the United States:
referred to the Committee on P\)reign Relations.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from a number of
citizens of Holt county, Missouri, asking for an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the western rivers: referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, leave was granted to
•withdraw from the liles the memorial and documents of the
widow of James Milligan.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a remonstrance from citizens of
Mount Pleasant, Jefferson county,Ohio, against the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States: referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented two memorials from mem-
bers of the bar of the State of Kentucky, asking Congress to
adopt some mode to secure the publication, in a condensed
form, of the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States: referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HUOER presented a memorial from Robert Mills,
representing that he had devised a plan by which greater
facility was offered in making the tz igonoinetrical surveys of
the United States, and asking that the same may be tested by
the proper officers of the United States: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
made an adverse report on the petition of Catherine Gale:
Avhich was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims, reported
back, without amendment, and with a recommendation that
they do pass, the following bills from the House, viz:
An act for the relief of Samuel B, Folger;
An act for the relief of Samuel B. Tuck; and
An act for the relief of George M. Jones.
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolution; which
was read and adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of extending the
criminal jurisdiction of the United States district and circuit
courts for the district of Arkansas over the Indian circuits,
adjacent to the State of Arkansas.
Mr. BAYARD remarked that various memorials and reso-
lutions had been referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
in relation to making certain improvements in the harbor of
Pensacola. That committee desired some additional evi-
dence m relation to the actual condition ol the impiovc-
ments theie, and lie had been instructed to submit a iesolu-
tion, and ask for its adoption at that time.
The resolution was read and adopted, as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate—1st A plan for the improve-
ment of the navy-yard at Pensacola, with a detailed estimate
of the cost of such improvements, and the order, in point of
time and usefulness, 111 which the diffeient parts of the im-
provement should be conducted. *2d. The depth of water
upon the bar at the entrance oi the harbor, and the class
ot vessels to.which it is now adapted; whether it be expe-
dient to deepen the entrance; and if so, in what manner it is
proposed to be done, and at what cost
Mr. SEMPLE, 011 leave, introduced a bill to establish an
armoiy at Massac, in the State of Illinois, which \\ as lead
twice, and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The adverse report of the standing committees 111 the
cases of Benjamin R. Tinslar, William J. Moody, and Wm.
J. Howard, were taken up and concurred in.
POSTAGE BILL.
The bill entitled 4 'an act to reduce the rates of postage, to
limit the use and correct the abuse of the franking privilege,
and for the prevention of frauds on the Post Ofhce Depart-
ment," was taken up, and read the third time; and the ques-
tion being, Shall the bill pass"*
BAGBY said it was not his intention to revive the
upon Of The bill mly objcct
in rising was to define his own position in regard to it.,; The
bill-contained one provision for which he had been instruct-
ed to vote by the legislature of Alabama. No one admitted
more fully than he aid, the right of instruction, in its utmost
plenitude. And-if he found the provision for which he had
been instructed to vote, alone, or in good company, it would
not only be his duty but his'pleasure to vote for it. But this
was not the case. He was also in favor of reducing the rates
of postage; apd equally in favor of correcting abuses of the
franking privilege, if such existed. But as he was uncon-
scious of any abuse of that privilege himself, he was unwil-
ling to impute it to others. The franking privilege was a
matter of great convenience to the people. It was the great
means of communication between "them and their public
servants. That it might have been abused, he had no doubt.
But all good things are liable to abuse. And if we abolish
. every thing that is liable to be abused in the use, we shall
have but little left. His main objection to the bill was, that'
it would have the effect of making the Post Office Depart-
ment—which was intended to be a convenience and a bene-
fit to the country—a charge upon the general treasury, and
consequently a burden to the people.
I11 the remarks he submitted, it was not his intention to
detract, in the slighest degree, from the merit of the exer-
tions ofthe senator at the head of the Post Office Committee.
On the contrary, he accorded to that senator great credit
for the industry he had exhibited in the preparation and ar-
rangement of the bill, and for the zeal and perseverance
with which he had defended its various provisions.
His opposition was founded upon the thorough conviction
that it would be injurious in its operation. He should,
therefore, vote against it.
Mr. BENTON said that he had voted against the engross-
ment ofthe bill for the third reading, and he wished it to be
distinctly understood that he had so voted on account of
some details in the bill, which he could not sanction, and
beoause the immediate effect ofthe bill would be, according
to the opinion of the Postmaster General, to throw the sup-
port of the Post Office Department, to a considerable extent,
on the federal treasury for support. He was in favor of
reducing postage—in favor of conforming the charges to the
denominations of our federal coin—and in favor of reforming
the abuses of the franking privilege. In other respects.
Mr. B was in favor of the general object of the bill; and if
this bill did not pass, he hoped another would be brought
forward to accomplish its objects without being subject to
its objections.
Mr. MERRICK said he thought both of the honorable
gentlemen were mistaken in regard to what was said by
the Postmaster General. He had never heard any declaration
of that gentleman to the purpose of which they spoke. He
heard that the Postmaster General had stated that if the pas
sage of the bill would relieve the department ofthe expense
of transporting the mail on railroads, which now amounted
to $450,000, he would not object to it. Now, the committee
deemed that they could save more than that sum by this
bill. He (Mr. M.) was not aware that the Postmaster General
had made any communication to Congress 011 this subject.
That he was opposed to the bill, he (Mr. M.) was aware;
but he did not know of any such declaration having boen
made as that referred to by the senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Bagby,] and the senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton]—that
the passage of the bill would throw that department as a
general charge upon the treasury.
Mr. BAGBY observed that he did not speak of any public
communication made by the Postmaster General. He spoke
from his own knowledge of the fact.
Mr. MERRICK did not doubt that both gentlemen meant
to speak correctly. The Senate had heard the matter dis-
cussed; and the advocates of the bill were perfectly satisfied
that, so far from having the effect intimated by the Postmas-
ter General, it would be the only effectual means of reliev-
ing the treasurj' from the burdens imposed upon it by the
existing regulations. It was known on all sides, that the
Post Office Department must fall, unless relieved from its
present embarrassments. The revenue had fallen off du-
ring the last year, $250,000, and the probability was, that it
would fall off during the present year $500,000, unless
Corgress did something to relieve it. This bill, so far from
diminishing the revenue, would be the means of augment-
ing it, and producing an extension of the mail facilities
throughout the country.
Mr. HANNEGAN remarked that having, within the last
two or three days, had a conversation with the Postmaster
General, in relation to this bill, it might not be improper to
state to the Senate what the result was. The communica-
tion made to him was, that if this bill became a law, it
would throw the Post Office Department on the common
treasury for not less than $1,200,000 a year. He would state
now, in addition to what he had stated heretofore, that
Miice the annual report of the Postmaster General, commu-
nications had been received from Grpat Britain, showing
that, during the year past, the attempt at post office reform
there had so far failed as to throw the post office department
upon tho general treasury for its support. The late repoit
of the English Postmaster General snowed how far below
the expenses ofthe department the revenue had fallen He
asked, then, u hat was to be the result of the passage of this
bill. TTp ^sked, what was to bp the result to some of the
States which weie not along the line of the public thorough-
fare. The inevitable result was to be, that the whole West
and Southwest ere to suffer, and to suffer alone. No reduc-
tion of the facilities occurring along the line ofthe railroads
would be made. All the facilities and advantages wt>re to
be derived by these States through which railroads and
canals ran, and all the disadvantages were to fall upon that
portion of tho country which was pre-emmentlv entitled to
the protection of tlie government, if any portion should
have it—lesulting from a general dissemination of intelli-
gence. They who lived remote from cities, when, at the
close of the week, after their labors, they sat down to look
for all the information that they had an opportunity of ob-
taining, urere to puffer. Upon them the injury would fall.
It was in consequence of this injustice that he had so urgent-
ly protested against the passage of this bill. He asked for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered
Tfie question was then put, and the bill was passed by tho
following vote, viz:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atherton, Bayard, Buchanan
fjaytow. Crittenden, -Peyton, Fairfield, Francis, Henderson^
Huntington, Jarnagin, Mangum, Merrick, Pearce, Porter,
Rives, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham, White, Woodbridge,
and Woodbury—23.
, NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bagby, Barrow, Ben-
ton, Breese, .Foster, Fulton, Hannegan, Huger, Johnson,
McDuffie, Semple, and Sevier—14.
THE TARIFF THE COMPROMISE ACT.
On motion by CRITTENDEN, the Senate resumed the
consideration of the resolution reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance for the indefinite postponement of the bill
introduced,by Mr. McDuffie for the reduction of the rate
of duties under the present tariff, to the standard of the com-
promise act.
Mr. DAYTON addressed the. Senate for about two hours.
He remarked, in the outset, that he was one of those who
believed the country needed repose in relation to the sub-
ject now under consideration. He said he had looked to
the manifold benefits which had resulted from that benefi-
cent measure—the act of 184sJ; and the more he reflected
upon them the more convinced he had become that it had
been the salvation of the country. It was an act greatly
misrepresented in respect to its effects on the agricultural
interests. It was his conviction that no industrial class in
the community had derived more lasting benefits from it
than the agricultural class.
Mr. D. here took a general review of the protective sys-
tem from the year 1816 to the present day. He adverted to
the condition of the country immediately after the late war,
with a view of showing that the Congress of J81o and 1816,
understanding fully from experience the peculiar circum-
stances which had rendered it a national object of indispen-
sable necessity to guard against the recurrence - of evils
which had pressed ruinously on American industry, legis-
lated with the paramount view of affording the most per-
manent and effective protection to agriculture by securing
protection to those other interests which sustain agricul-
ture. He quoted passages from the message of the Presi-
dent ofthe United States, whorecommendeathe act of 1S16;
the opinions of the then ex-President; speeches of Mr. Cal-
houn, Mr. Clay, and others, both in 1816 and 1824, to show
that all parties concurred in the principle that the ultimate
object ofthe protective tariffs of those dates were the pro-
tection and sustenance of the agricultural interests.
He next proceeded to argue, that although, at the present
moment, the South may think the southern States aggrieved
by the operation of protection, yet the time could not be
far distant-when the competition of new and fertile lands
must drive the older and more worn-out southern States to
divert a large portion of their capital to other sources of
production than that of the growth of cotton, and they will
themselves have to turn their attention to manufactures.
They would then find no impediment but one to their suc-
cessful competition with the manufacturer of the North
and East. That impediment would be found in the want of
equal intelligence in their operatives; but that was an ob-
jection easily remedied by the selection or admixture ofthe
same description of operatives employed by the manufac-
turers of the North and East.
Reverting to the historical review of protection, Mr. D.
quoted various statistical tables, to show that the duties on
fanning products imported were not altogether nominal, as
had been alleged on the other side; for, in several instances,
notwithstanding the high imposts on foreign grain, large
importations of wheat had been made, overriding the du-
ties, and competing with the producers of domestic grain.
Tie specified the imports of foreign agricultural products in
1840, with a view of showing that, 11 so much (even though
smallin comparison with the consumption of the country)
camc in under what might be considered a high duty, had
the duty been low, the quantity imported, it might be ex-
pected, would have been sufficiently large to affect injuri-
ously the home agricultural interests. Hence he argued
that the high protective duties of the act of 1842, in favor
of home agricultural products, were practically beneficial
to farmers as well as were the duties on manufactures bene-
ficial to the manufacturers.
He controverted the tables, and the deductions from them
adduced by the senator from New Hampshire, (Mr. Wood-
burv,) alleging that his position was fallacious, which as-
sumed that the duties of the act of 1842, in reference to ag-
ricultural products, were just as much a humbug as it a pro-
tective duty were offered to the Gianite State, prohibiting
the import of ice or granite into it.
He reviewed the tables also adduced by the Senator from
New Hampshire in reference to leather, linseed oil, wool-
lens, corks, rags, paper, &c , for the purpose of showing that,
in the mode of averaging the duties on these articles, the
senator, in calculating the minimums, had made some mis-
takes, which would have been avoided had the specific arti-
cles and specific duties been given.
Mr. D. then took up the subject of a "home market," and
reviewed the arguments heretofore offered in debate to de-
preciate the value of that operation of the protective system.
He considered the population of the North and East depend-
ent upon domestic manufactures, and agriculture sustained
by them, as more in number than the population of the
South supposed to be dependent on the foreign market for
their staple exports.
He entered into some statistical statements which showed
that the two States—New Jersey and Pennsylvania—which
had received most benefits from the American protective
system, proved that the benefits of that system extended
also to the farming interest; lor the census exhibited the
fact that Pennsylvania 5 icldcd, per capita, the largest agri-
cultural product m the Union, and New Jersey the next
Hence he inferred that the ultimate beneficiaries ot the
American system are the agriculturists.
Mr D. next adverted to the opinions of Dr. Franklin, as
quoted by the senator from New Hampshire. He dwelt par-
ticularly to that passage in which Dr. Franklin speaks as
follows:
''Great establishments of manufacture require great num-
bers of poor to do the work for small wages; those poorare
to be found in Europe, but will not be found in America till
the lands are all taken up and cultivated, and the excess of
people who cannot get land want employment. The manu-
facture of silk, they say, is as natural in France as that of
cloth in England, because each country produces in pljent^
the first material; but if England will have a manufacture of
sjlk as well as that ofc<!o$, &r4 France of cloth as well as
