Jutie, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fiW-
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Jfousion.
H.' of Reps.
Whig Congressional Committee, tariff doc-
trines, page 2, aggregate, •
' Annual average,
$133,411,853 00
33,352,963 00
Barnard, 28 July, 1841, App ,465, gtvesthe
annual avefdiie, exclusive of treasury notes
and public ilebr, at - • * 823,098,965 00
Wrou?ySM the.a"!'CSa'.e f0t. '92,395,600 00
Mr' S'Se"1 •'U.,y' 18U' Arr"-461T - «1^0> 00
Annual kverage,  27,746,000 00
Mr. Preston, April, 1842, App., 400, gives— -'*
A^reeate - - - ' - - - • $152.076 894 00
^Giving an average of • - - 38,019 098 00
A. H. H.Siewart, "July, 1852,App. p. 249—
Annual average, -
WhicK would make an aggregate of
- $23,098,965 00
112,395,860 00
8142,663,000 00
'33,656,000 00
Mr. A. IT. Stephens, aggiegate
Annual average,
Many others could lie added of a like contradic-
tory character,
Mr. Chairman, just run your eye over this table,
and note its contents. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. states the amount for the four
years to be $92,395,860, while Mr. Preston, of South
Carolina, say s it is $152,076,394; and Mr. Clingman,
of .North Carolina, states it to be $112,000,000. .
• [Here Mr. Clixgmax interposed, and said he in-
cluded only the ordinary expenditures, which was the
reason why his amount was below Mr. Preston's.]
Mr. Houston : Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen will
keep still, I think I will be able to satisfy them, that
eyen their own statements on this subject should not
he relied upon. The gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. CtissMAX,] who says he represents Buncombe,
was very particular, a few days ago, when he com-
menced his speech, in telling us he intended to deal
not in "falsehoods," but in "facts." It is possible,
therefore, that we may be bound to take what he says
as true, to the exclusion of what his friends have
said. I do not intend to characterize his statements
as false, but I am bound to say that his, or the rest,
must be incorrect; and, as I said before, I leave them
to settle that point. Mr. Clay, the great leader and
apostle of whigery, charges the amount at $142,5G1,-
945 46, differing with and from all the others. Now,
I presume, none of them will feel willing to say that
he was wrong; they would prefer being charged with
anythingthemselves than that their great chief should
be accused and convicted of misstatements. Well,
sir, they must stand it, or put it on him, or, (which
is much more likely,) they are all incorrect. Mr.
Stanly, who is well known here, states it at $132,-
768,718 40—about forty millions over Mr. Barnard,
about twenty millions over Mr. Clingman, about ten
millions under Mr. Clay, and about twenty millions
under Mr. Preston. How does all this tally ? Can
you reconcile it 1 They can't all be right that is
impossible. Then comes the veritable Junius, No.
1 ! Yes, sir, Junius, JV'o. 1; a document which has
been franked into the States by " cart^ loads," by
many of these very members. He says it is $140,-
8*5,321 16. I ask these gentlemen how is this 1
You say that the expenditures were a certain specific
amount; Junius says they were a different amount.
You, gentlemen, have endorsed Junius, by sending
it to your constituents, and, of course, presenting to
them, under yoitr frank, for their ciedence, docu-
ments, one or the other of which must necessarily be
false. But, Mr. Chairman, a gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr.SruwiET,] who has, by his own con-
duct here this session, acquired a reputation of which
no man will try to rob him, comes somewhat to the
relief of the .gentleman fiom North Carolina, [Mr.
Ciikgman.] He says, the expenditures were a little
over $112,000,000. I do not wish to force him upon
my friend from the land of Buncombe, as one who,
to some extent, corroborates him; it might, under all
the circumstances, be a little unpalatable; this
■will say, however, that no man who knows the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart,] will
suppose, for a moment, that he would guess under
the true amount. No, sir; I give you my word,
that he, at least, will guess enough. But my friend
from North Carolina says he was putting down only
the current expenditures. Let us see how that IS :
if that be true, I would be pleased for him to tell me
bow it is, that his friend [Mr, B abnabo] (an older and
<*37)
more experienced partisan) and he differ so widely.
The current expenditures, in "the sense in which he in-
tends to use the term, means the ordinary expendi-
tures, and constitute the lowest amount that can
be charged asJ< the Expenditures." "This the gentle-
man will admit; then I ask him how it happens that
he, in setting down the lowest amount, goes some
twenty millions over Mr; Barnard, who, of course,
must have been endeavoring to obtain the true
amount of the ordinary .expenditures?. Sir, turn
which way he will, the gentleman will find himself in a
hobble; and, if I am not much, mistaken, he will have
some difficulty in explaining these things tothe cali-
bre of common sense. But this is not all.' Mr. Fill-
more, of New York, a candidate for nomination to the
Vice Presidency on the Whig ticket, and "Whig chair-
man of the Ways'and Means at the last Congress,
whose duty and business it was to understand and
make himself acquainted with the finances of the
'government, in all the details—its expenditures, its
means, its indebtedness, and its respurces-^-puts
down the amount in July, 1541, at $110,986,000;
and in June, 1842, (less than a year afterwards,) he
made it $110,987,472, 53. Now, sir,.how will he
answer as authority on this point?. IJe was, and
is yet, a-bitter and decided partisan, and must be ex-
pected to know as much about this matter as my
friend from the Buncombe district. No one, know-
ing the gentlemen, and the position occupied here
by Mr. Fillmore, will s.uppape otherwise—I mean, sir,
his position as chairman of the Ways and Means;
then, how will my fiiend account for the descrepancy
between them I.-
Mr. Chairman: I had almost forgotten to notice
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. SrErituxs,] who
is now waiting for a chance to address this commit-
tee ; not that he has not "figured largely " on this
subject, but because my eye did not happen to rest
upon him until- this moment. I was somewhat
amused, a few days ago, I will not say at the pom-
pous manner in which he addressed.tho committee;
no, no—that word may be offensive, and T wish to
avoid offence—certainly he spoke with much pomp,
and was a little consequential, on the subject of the
tariff and the South ; and I cannot well see how the
South can get along without him. He says she has
been humbugged on the subject of the taiiff; that
her distinguished sons, either through ignorance or
design, have misled her; and he (as I understood
him) proposed to show how, and in what way;
that she must learn of him her true interest
and policy. Sir, I congratulate the down-trodden
South that she has at-length'a son in whom she
can safely confide; one in whose ability and integ-
rity there is neither " variableness nor shadow of
turningthat she may exclaim, in the language ot
Scripture, " Here is my son, in 'whom I am well
pleased." Yes, sir; her Jefferson, her Jackson, her
Madison, her Sumpter, Calhoun, Macon, Lowndes,—
all, all, have been either,/hitWess or ignorant—have
deluded and humbugged their people; and the grand
discovery was left to be made by my honorable and
very learned friend from Georgia. He it is who is
to enlighten those poor benighted people; he it is
who is to convince them that it is greatly to their
interest to be tared, and taxed from fifty to two
or three hundred per ecnt., to support and en-
rich the Northern-manufacturers.
Sir, the undertaking is a gigantic one; but 1 say
to the gentleman, "Lay on Mucdufj He says
the expenditures were $142,663,000; diflenng with
every other one. Yes, sir, every one; not one ot
them sustaining him, and, unfortunately, not one
sustaining another. You must remember, Mr. Chair-
man, how he boasted that his figures and amounts
were taken from the reports—the reputed source of
all of them. These reports must be queer things, to
sustain all their conflicting and contradictory state-
ments. But, sir, the most unfortunate and absurd
charges are yet to be exhibited. They are made by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] who, on
page 2 of his speech, says, "Expenditures for Mr.
fan Buren'sfour years, $112,775,707 41. W hat
is meant by the expression, "Expenditures Jor
Mr. Van B wen's four years?" Would you not
understand, and would not every candid mind under-
stand, that he meant to include the entire expendi-
tures of that period 7 You could not suppose other-
wise. He has not-restrained or in any way qualified
it; but, to my great astonishment, J find in another
place, in" the same speefch, a charge in these words :
"Aggregate expenditures of Mr. Van i.iitrciis ad-
ministration,^ 120,418,494 36." Now, sir, J think
the gentleman would be puzzled to ex'plain his mvli
meaning. Here weliave two sums charged wikpf:
one as - the " expenditures," &c.; the~olher i'as 'the
aggregate expenditures&c;; and alt lixuigh |hey.
differ near eight millions, yet there is. not bijewortl
of explanation, except the.additiori.of an item, which,
a:s T will show, had already been charged. ^ '
In arriving at this amount of $120,418,494"36, lie
exhibits the expenditures for each of the four years,,
adds these amounts together, which make f 112,770,-
707 41; bat the expenditures having, overgone-the;
receipts for the same period, of course" a debt or de-
ficit, to some amount, was left. The gentleman'then
"figures vp " what he calls the debt left by Mr. Van
Burem and, (which any one acquainted with the
subject must see is erroneous,) idds-that to the $112,-
77&,707 41, and thereby' makes the sum of $120,-.
418,494 36.- - - - '
Now, sir, you will see his error at a glance. He
first calculates the expenses for each- year, as they
occurre J; and because they overrun the receipts of the
Government, and a debt was left, he then, adds.th®
debt to the expenditures, arid calls it all "aggregate
expenditures " &c. • . ^
. Suffer me to illustrate furtherSuppose the Gov-
ernment were to expend annually, for four years,
$25,000,000; and for the same period its annual re-
ceipts were $20,000,000. How would you estimate
the expenditures? You cannot hesitate to answer
me, that you Would take the annual expenditure of
$25,000,000, multiply it by four, or take the four
years at that sum, add them together, and the,, result#
of $100,000,000, you and every other unbiased man
would say was the true amount of expenditures for
the four years. It is too plain to admit of a, doubt.
But my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] in his
way of calculating, would rpake the expenses for the
four years, at $25,000,000 per year, amount to.just
$120,000,000. Now, sir, these errors arc really too
absurd to be charged upon an intelligent scliool-boy.
I certainly mean no offence to the gentleman by my
statements, but it is-nevertheless true. _ He'would
calculate precisely as he. has done against Mr. Van
Buren ; for instance: he would take the twenty-five
millions of expenses for four years, add^them to-
gether, which would give him one hundred" millions;
he would then take the receipts of twenty millions
annually, for the same four years, add them together,
which would make eighty millions; substra?t the
eighty millions from the one hundred millions,
(which would leave twenty millions of deficiency of
revenue, or a debt of twenty millions at the end of
the four years;) then you have arrived, by fair calcu-
lation, at three results or amounts: 1st. one hundred
millions as the entire amount of expenses for the
four vears; 2d. eighty millions as the entire receipts
into the treasury, of revenue, to meet those 6XP«ns^
for the very same period ot tune; and 3d. twenty
millions, the debt or deficiency at the end of the
time. But the gentleman* from Kentucky, m order
to swell the expenditures, adds the amount of debt
of'twenty millions to the true expenses, and Wen
charges the latter to be one hundred .and twenty
millions of dollars'. . ' -
Certainly, Mr. Chairman, no man can he misled
by a calculation so palpably erroneous, Suppose
'you give your son $100 to pay his expenses foi one
year! at the end of the year, when his accounts
come H, they amount to *185 < -he] pays towards
their liquidation his $100, leaving a debt of $26. I
would like my honorable friend to tell me^ the true
amount of your son's expanses. I would say $125,
and so would you.. But he would add the
debt to the $125, the amount of his accounts, (his
real expenses,) and charge him with having expend-
ed SSt50 But I must pass on; I have no mpre time
to waste on so plain a point. At page 7 of his same
stteech, the gentleman gives a table of the exP®n^1"
tares for each year; the last column in that table he
rails •• total " I- have added up the total column for
the four years of Mr. Van Buren's administration,
which' mhe* the sum of $133,018,-7X4 86. So
