§80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Houston.
H. of Reps.
. welfare of the country, when they falsely charged
both to be in the hands of Mr. Van Buren. This,
suvis another of the glories of the 27th Congress.
The bankrupt law was another of the "measures
of that glorious extra session. And here let me be
fully understood, that, in my condemnation of dhe
law, I have no intention of charging anything im-
proper upon those who may have availed themselves
of its provisions. , That some dishonest men have
".taken thi benefitno one can doubt; but that
many, very many honest men have become bank-
rupt, is equally true; and, as that law, like most of
the enactments of that session, is " blotted" from
the pages of the statute book, I will not attempt to
discuss its merits or demerits, but will give the
opinions of some of the whigs themselves as to its
operation and effects upon the various interests of
the country. This was one of the measures em-
braced in the "series" of which so much has been
said. Yes, sir, it was one of those measures which
could not pass by itself: it was destitute of merits,
and therefore had to be thrown into the general com-
promise, that it might, in that way, become a law,
and also induce its friends, in the general bargain,
of which Mr. Proffit.spoke, or the "log-rolling" of
which Mr. Senator Smith spoke, to aid the balance
of the series in their passage through the two
Houses.
Mr. Everett, of Vermont, who had voted for the
bankrupt law, on the 20th of December, 1842, when
urging its repeal, said:
"He was in favor of limiting it (Che bankrupt law) to one
year at the tirree of i*s passage ; but. he did not pre** Ins views
on that point at that time, because he desired the passage of
the law, and such a limitation might have endang^ied its pas-
sage He now offered this bill for the repeal of the bankrupt
law, because he conceived it to be destroying confi lence be-
tween man and man; and seemed to be a shelter for those who
were disposed to live without labor."
He also, in the course of the debate, said that he
considered the law " as having performed its office."
Mr. Barnard, of New York, whig chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, said:
"But hts excellent friend from Vermont, (Mr. Everett,) hnd
discovered that the bankrupt law had performed its office; that
it had fulfilled is objects, and therefore ought to be repealed.
He further avowed that it was his opinion, ar the time the act
was passed, that it should have been limited to the term of one
year; that it ought to be a temporary law What was a tem-
porary lawl What was it hut repudiation in its most odious
form?—repudiation by individuals of then own debts, at their
own time."
Yes, sir, their own darling measure, destroying
confidence bet-ween man and man, and a shelter fox
those who were disposed to live without labor—that
it had performed its office, by sponging ovt milliniis
of honest indebtedness ; that it was repudiation in
its most odicus form—repudiation by individuals,
of their oivji debts at their own time. Mr. Chair-
man, I wish you to remember, that this is the lan-
guage of the friends of the bankrupt law, two promi-
nent whigs who had voted for it.
Mr. Clay, after summing up the various measures
of the extra session, speaks of their passage as a
series. He says:
" Thes", were the fruits of the extra geasi9n, so far as they de-
pended on Congress This was the ciif-le' of beivficenf mea-
sure", intended to embrace all in erects and pans of the Union
We have mison to believe that n was looked upon and regarded
as a whole, anil th'it votes wire given for some measches in
i lesenca, not si much because they ir°)e in consonance with
the views of the convtinicnts whose memheis gave those
votes, a=> because they were wan'ed by other parts of the Union.
and the compensation was to ee p.iu^d in other m:ue ac-
ceptable AIEAblUifiS of 1he same series "
Yes, sir, the " compensation" ivas to be found
There it is, Mr. Chairman, and the evidence of Mr.
Clay himself, fully sustaining Mr. ProfTit and oth-
ers, who charged a corrupt bargain between the
friends of the measures embraced in the series. lie
speaks it out very plain, that votes were given by
members, for measures which their people did not
want, and they found their "compensation" Yes,
sir, their pay, in other measures, voted for their
benefit. Such an open avowal of so disreputable a
compromise or bargain, is enough not only to aston-
ish; but to shock the moral sense of the commu-
nity.
Mr. "Rayner, a whig from North Carolina, (who
voted for the law,) speaking on the bill to repeal it,
used the strongest condemnatory language, in re-
gard to it that I have found anywhere. But, I will
from what he said on that, occasion :
* Ju the first placed T fear, it u calculated to affect personal
confidcnce, which, after all, is the secret of our unparallel-
ed prosperity in this country.. It is calculated to beget, and
I fear is already begetting,' a disregard for the saciedness of
obligations, without which no well established system of
credit can exist in any country.
'.'Then the question will aiise, Who are to be trusted?
Who can withstand the temptation, when the chances of
being absolved from his obligations are so ready at hand?
"Who will rely upon the labor and perseverance of years to
relieve him from the pressure of debts he cannot pay, when
the tribunals,ofthe country are so easy of access?
"If. however, this should not be the result—if the means
of obtaining credit be not thus taken away, and confidence
not be destroyed, as I have~suppos;ed, then it must be admit-
ted that the bankrubt law will tend to the opposite extreme.
It will open the door for rash speculation and heedless ad-
venture, which will unsettle and difturb the quiet and
peaceful pursuits of life. It is the sense of responsibility,
the fear of immediate ruin, that prevents most men from em-
barking in hazardous enterprises of trade, and compels them
to pursue the slow and more certain ends of industry and
economy. Take away these restraints—hold out to them
the dazzling temptation of speedy wealth by hazardous spec-
ulation—offer to them the lure of such easy relief from ac-
countability, and the penalties accompanying it—and what
what will be its effects upon a people as enterprising and
adventurous as ours* Men will cease to labor with their
hands, and attempt to live by their wits-, speculation will
run riot through the land; and the sober avocations of indus-
try be abandoned for the reckless pursuit of instant gam
Habits ofidleness and extra* agunce will thus be contracted,
the public morals become corrupted, the public mind famil-
iarized with the idea of discharging obligations, other than
by the means of honest industry; and debt ultimately lose
all its terrors for those who have everything to gain, and
nothing to lose by it.
"Another serious objection to the bankrupt law, is, that
it comes in conflict with, unsettles and tfr-turb®, the vaiious
insolvent laws which the""respective States nf the Union
have adopted for the regulation of their internal policy."
Mr. Morehead, Mr. Clay's colleague in the Sen-
ate, who had also voted for the law, said:
"It could not have escaped his notice, and that of the Son-
ate, that the legislature ol Kentucky had, by a lcirge major-
ity, passed lesolutions upon the subject of the bankiupt
law. expressing an opinion that it ought to be repealed
"Whether the bankrupt law was a measure of national
benefit or national injury, whs u question about winch the
people of the United States could form thoir own conclu-
sions; but whether the measure would affect advantageous-
ly or injuriously the people of Kentucky, they alone" were
competent to judge. So far as he \va^ concerned, he thought
that from their judgment there was no appeal/'
He said further:
'Since he had arrived at Washington, he had received
letters which convinced him the people ol Kentucky were
ailveise to the lan. and, regarding trie resolutions of the
popular branch of the legislature of Kentucky as furnishing
proof as to the extent of public sentiment," &c.
He agrees that the people of Kentucky have a
right to determine for themselves, and he is bound
to carry out their determination; he was satisfied, f
from letters received by him, and the opinion ex- j
pressed by the legislature of that State in favor of
repealing the law, thrt Le should therefore vote for
its repeal; that, so far ns he was concerned, there
was no appeal from tin ir judgment. Tn short, Mr.
Chairman, he acknowledged that the people have a
right to instruct then* representative, and the repre-
sentative is bound to obey. But why had this prin-
ciple no application to his colleague, Mr. Clay5 Is
there any difference between the duties and obliga-
tions which public servants (representatives) owe
to their constituents* If so, in what does it consist?
if Mr. IVIorchead was bound by the known will of
the people of Kentucky, why was not Mr. Clay*
They were representatives of the same State, sus-
tained precisely the same relations to the people, and
were bound by the same fundamental principles
that should govern the representative in a re-
publican government; and, if the people of Ken-
tucky had a right to control the action of the
one, they had the same right to govern the
action of the other; and no republican—no true
fi iend to the institutions of our country—will, for a
moment, deny this ri^ht and duty. That a repre-
sentative, in either branch of Congress, is bound by
the known will of his constituents, and should carry
it out in frood faith, no honest public servant will de-
ny. This is not all all,Mr. Chairman; my honorable
friend from Kentucky, I Mr. Dams,] who was then
one of the representatives from that State, and is
now the immediate representative of JVJr. Clay,
gave in his adhesion to the doctrine of the right of
instruction. T will read you an extract from his
speech. Mr. Gf. Davis said:
"Mr. Speaker, I voteO for the repeal of the b^nk^upt law,
and T shall -<-otc against the reconsideiotion ofthe act of re-
peal that ha* passed this House, hi this course ray justifica-
tion is, that I represent the deliberate w nl ol my constitu-
ent? I conceive that at is not the duty of the repre«.entath e
to hearken to meie party ebullition, and indeed where he
has important information not possessed by those whom he
represents, he may often be under the highest obligation to
act contrary to their opinions, but upon meaMir*1-- which
the j have had time" and opportunity to examine, and have
come to a considerate judgment upon it would be infidelity
on lus part not to vubmjt himself to their v ill. The bank-
rupt law has been scanned by my constituents, with all the
lights afforded by repeated and elaborate discussions in
Congress and in the newspapers; they by a large majority
condemned it unequivocally; and my relation of representa-
tive to them requires my conformity."
Appendix, 3d session, 27th Congress, page 156,
19th January, 1843. He said, their will should con-
trol him, and as they'had scanned the law, and de-
termined against it, it would be "infidelity on his
part not to submit himself to their will." How strong,
yet how correct the language! Yes,' sir, it would be
infidelity, - the most gross infidelity, in any representa-
tive, to disobey the known will or instructions of
his constituents. How strongly and pointedly does
he rebuke Mr. Clay! How unequivocally in effect,
yet how deservedly, does he charge Mr. Clay with
infidelity .to the people of Kentucky! I hope, sir,
they will examine this subject fully; it is for them
to say, whether they are willing to bestow an im-
portant and very responsible office upon a man
who contemns their instructions, and disregards
their known will; who acknowledges no responsi-
bility to the people; sets himself above them, as the
sole judge in cases of -their interests—-who treats
them as a senseless herd, incapable of thought or
feeling. But, sir, suffer me to read you a report
of his remarks on this subject, taken from the Con-
gressional Globe, page 185.
Mr. Clay against instructions.
"He would not speak with regard to the retroactive or
prospective operation of a bankrupt law; but it might not
be improper to remark that the ancients, in times of calam-
ity'and distress, sponged the pecuniary obligations of the
unfortunate debtor, and passed other measures for hi? re-
lief. Such a power, so possessed under the constitution, may
look back as well as forward—may be retrospective, as
well as prospective. All laws, then, in favor of insolvents,
being synonymous, could operate on the past, as well
as the future.''
Again, he says:
"Thc\ were adopted as a system of measures. It was so
understood at the time. * * "■ *• In their separate char-
acter, some of them would have been, voted down, because
they might have been considered injurious to particular
sections. Gentlemen ^ho voted for them, did so because
it v as a system of measures lie, like others, voted for the
bankinpt law because it was apart ofthe system " + x
"He knew if this isolated question of a bankrupt law was
presented to Kentucky, she would vote against it "
Speaking of the effects of a repeal of the law on
the debtors, he closed as follows:
"If the Senate could do this, he could not. He had not
the heart or the hand to do it. He could not do it, and he
would not do it "
What a contrast between himself and colleagues!
They voting to repeal it in accordance with the
known will of the people of Kentucky, asserting
truly that itwonld be infidelity on their part notto do
so; and he, scorning the peoplet disregarding and sup-
pressing their will—voting to retain the law in force
—saying, m emphatic and abrupt terms, that he
icouldnot vote for its repeal. I ask you, sir, and the
country, if that is the kind of man to be trusted in
the hour of danger? Are you willing to confide to
his care and keeping your dearest and most sacred
rights5 I think I can safely answer for a large ma-
jority of the American people, that they wdl reject
him as one who has not a single feeling in common
with them, who has no sympathy for-or with the
honest, confiding, hard working people of this coun-
try.
Mr. Clay for Instructions.
Mr. Chairman, I have an extract from another of
Mr. Clay's speeches, delivered in his purer and better
days, before he had become contaminated—befoie
he had lost sight of the true principles of the gov-
ernment—before his eyes had become dazzled, his
judgment destroyed, or his heart corrupted by the
desire or prospect of office. I find in the National
Intelligencer of January, 1817, on the debate on the
repeal of the old compensation law, (for which he had
voted,) he is reported thus:
"Mr. Clay said he agreed peifectly in the sentiment that
intruct.oni ^iven b\ the people are oblzgatoiy on the rep-
resentative. This v as a principle ccn«eeiated by the revo-
lution. inseparable from all free go-\ ernments, and v. hich he
therefoie hoped ne\ er to see departed from in practice under
ouxs.
""Whilst, thon he had a seat on this floor, Mr. f lav said it
was immaterial how he arrived at the will of his constituent.?,
or what were the evidences of ir. it was sufficient he should
know it In all cases of expediency. he held the doctrine of
an obligation on his part to observe tht instructions, express
or implied, of his constituents
Now, sir, contrast, if you please, the sentiments of
the two extracts: m 1817, he comes out like a pa-
triot and statesman—acknowledges ins duty to the
people—their right to instruct—that the obligation of
instructions upon the representative was a "princi-
ple consecrated by the revolution, inseparable ftmnall
free government*;"1 m 1841-2 he repudiates and icorn*
