June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Houston.
H. of Reps.
the principle of instructions in every particular; yet
he ventures tp.sing of his own consistency.
Mr. Chairman, what are we to understand from
these changes and contradictions? If the principle
was a good one in 1817, certainly it must be so
now ; if it were originally consecrated by the revolu-
tion, it must be consecrated now; the consecra-
tions of the revolution have not changed; those •
holy, sacred, eternal principles, for which* our fathers
fought, and which were purchased with -their blood,
are the same now, that they, were then! ,Sir, the
views of demagogues, and selfishpoliticians may change
with what they may conceive to be the changes in
their interest; but the principles, of the American
revolution never, never can change; they are eternal!
The principle that instructions given by the peo-
ple are obligatory on the representative, Mr. Clay
declared was inseparable from all free governments.
In that, Mr. Chairman, I most heartily concur with
him, and my regret is, that he should now repudiate
that principle; if it were true then, it must be so-
now; our government is yet the same, though some
of its once honored sons may have deserted its true
principles; our people are ye^ free: and but for ■ the
fact that I find interested politicians seeking power
upon principles directly at-variance with those ac-
knowledged by them to be essential to all republi-
can governments, I should have no fears for the
continuous happiness of my country. That our
government and its institutions may change, that
they may fall into decay and ruin, is true; but that
those "principles which were consecrated by the revo-
lution, and are inseparable from all free governments,"
will remain the same, unchanged in any one particu-
lar, is equally true! Sir, they will endure coeval
with time itself! and be recognised and defended
by all true patriots, as long as there is one spark of
genuine freedom to be found in this broad land!
Proscription was another of the charges made by
the whig party in the last canvass for the presiden-
cy. They promised and pledged themselves to the
country against it. At Cleaveland, Ohio, General
Harrison—their standard-bearer—in apublicspeech,
said:
"I see over the way a public officer. Although he may
oppose me, if he does so honestly and conscientiously. I
shall be the last man to disturb him. Before I would remove
him for a mere difference of opinion, I nould sujfer my right
arm to be sei-ei edfrom, my body
He also, in a letter to Mr. Berrien, of Georgia,
said.
"[ am opposed to the practice of making appointments to
office the reward of partisan services."
Mr. Preston, of South Carolina, said:
"This system of proscription is itself to be pro-
~ scribed   * * + *** +
Again:
"I shall resist and denounce all giving of office as a politi-
cal reward, or turning out of oflice for mere political opin-
ion."
Mr. Ewing said: 11 It is hostile to the spirit of the
constitution."
In the Senate'of the United States, on the 10th of
March, 1834, Mr. Clay, in connection with this
subject, offered this resolution. Let me read it, sir:
"Resolved, That the constitution of the United States does
not vest in the President power to remove, at his pleasure,
officers under the government of the United States, whose
offices have been established by law."
Yet, sir, after all of these pledges, as soon as the
whigs were seated in power they commenced tlie
work of proscription; and never, never, since the
foundation of this government, was it carried to
such an extent—removing faithful and competent
officers for "mere political opinion," until the heart
of the patriot sickened at the sight. In the Post
Office Department, which was under the charge of
Mr. Granger, there was 'but little, else done, as is
shown from his own declarations on this floor, in
reply to questions propounded to him by my friend
from Ohio. I will read to you what was said on
that subject:
"Mr. Weller observed: The gentleman (Mr. Grander)
said the democratic party contended for the spoils. Will he
tell us how many victims were guillotined whilst he re-
mained in the Post Office Department! Were there 110 spoils
then for which the gentleman himself contended'
"JYIr. Gn\>c;i R said he would answei the question which
had been put to him The number was 1,700.
'•Mr. WALLER. Yes: 1,700 individuals turned out of office
during the short career of the gentleman; and had he re-
mained in office two weeks longer- 
"Mr Gra\-i.er would also give the gentleman information
on this head. Had he remained two weeks more, 3,000
would have been added to the list—making 4,700 in all.
"Mr. WELLr.n. These 1,700 men were victimized to this
lust after the spoils before the gentleman himself became a
victim. [Laughter j This, too, is the gentleman who talks
about spoils."
Not only, then, sir, did he violate one of their most
solemn and oft-repeated pledges to the people, but
he had the hardihood to boast of it in the "face of
the nationthereby showing his own infamy as
well as a total breach of faith on "the part of the par-
ty with whom he acted. Much of this was done as if
by order of General Harrison; although I firmly be-
lieve he knew but little of what his secretaries were
doing in the way of removals. .Some were removed
while he was on his ubed of death." Some while he
was in his coffin a lifeless corpse! Let us hear no
more, then, of this conduct receiving his sanction!
Mr. Chairman, it may be a matter of interest to
know where Mr. Clay was during this time, and
what he was doing? Whether, like a faithful senti-
nel on the "watch-tower of libertyhe was holding
up before his party the constitution of the country
bleeding at every pore, because they were doing daily
and hourly what he had solemnly declared (by res-
olution in the Senate) they had no power to do under
the provisions of that sacred instrument; or wheth-
er he was (as he was bound to do entertaining his
opinions) attempting to arrest, or was he rioting in
this awful scene of blood—advising its further pros-
ecution—revelling in the misfortunes of his fellow-
men—ever and anon crying-out, "damn it, how he
nicks ''em;'''' and even though it was virtually nicking
and destroying the great charter of our liberties, I can
still imagine I hear that cry, over and above all
other voices, "damn it, how he nicks'm."
Mr. Chairman, ancient history says, that "Nero
fiddled whilst Rome was burningBut, sir, we need
not refer to ancient lore, whilst our own history fur-
nishes us such melancholy instances of similar con-
duct on the part of our modern Nero!
Nor is this all. Not only did he permit (without
a known effort to prevent it) his friends to violate
their pledges, and, as he once said, violate the con-
stitution, but (as will be found in the 64th volume
of Niles's National Register, page 136) he has since
then avowed openly, in Lexington, Kentucky, what
we all must understand to be the doctrine of pro-
scription, "to the victors belong the spoilseven with
his previous declarations staring him full in the
face, he speaks of the duty of the next President to
discharge from office the present incumbents, whom
he characterizes (making some few exceptions) as
contaminated—destitute of a feeling of self-respect, hon-
or, or patriotism; that i* will be the imperative duty of
a whig President, should one be elected, to do ample
justice in the administration of the public patronage to
the great whig party, of the reparation that ^should
hereafter be made for injuries done them; all of which
I am bound to understand as an avowal of the doc-
trine nf proscription; and it comes from one who, a
very few years ago, solemnly declared such acts to be
in direct contravention of the constitution. I deny
that the democratic party have been proscriptive; but
even if they had so acted, that by no means justifies
or excuses a man who says it is unauthorized by the
constitution, and a violation of it. But, sir, that I
may do hirii "ample justice," I will read his words
as given in the "Lexington Reporter," his own or-
gan in that city, and which words he has never de-
nied:
Mv. Clay said:
"That he had no hesitation to express his opinion as an
humble and private citizen, that no man who had any feel-
ings of self-iespect, or honor, or patriotism, could take or
hold any office, the tenure of which depended on the Presi-
dent's will, subject to the degrading and disgraceful condi-
tions which were imposed upon its possession: and that it
would be the bounden duty of the next President elected,
be he whig or democrat, to purify the public service, by
promptly discharging all such contaminated incumbents.
He hoped there were many—he knew there were some—
now in office who disdained to submit to any such disgrace-
ful conditions; and they ought, and, he doubted not, would
receive just and full consideration; and, he judged, ac-
cording to their capacity, honesty, and fidelity to theii coun-
try.'"
Mr. Clay went on further to say:
•'That, in his opinion, if a whig President should be
elected, it would be his imperative duty to do amplejustice
m the administration of the public patronage to the gx-eat
whig party of the country—what he verily believed for
years had embraced a majority ol the people of the United
States. + **■>* Every consideration of equality . of
equity, and of justice, demands 0-aid -Mr. Chy) that the -most
full and complete reparation of the injuries done to the
whig party should be hereafter made.- Nor would that be
proscription. It would be the severest rebuke of prescript
tion. * * * * "* But if it could be regarded as proscrip-
tion, who is to be justly reproached with beginning pro-
scription in this countiyr"
Mr. Clay's northern protective views—-for a
tax on, tea and cojfee.
Mr. Chairman, certain whig gentlemen have
thought proper to' say much about a tux upon tea and
coffee, endeavoring to create the impiession that
the democrats are in favor of taxing those articles,
and the whigs opposed to it- Now, sir, I have
examined the journals of the last Congress; and find
that Mr. Clay voted for such a'duty, in every 'in.
stance, whenthe proposition, was before the Sente.
he is also in favor of a high protective duty on salt'
&c., as may be seen by the extracts, which I wilj
now - read. / - ~ --
Mr. Clay for high tax cm salt, iron, See.
Mr...Clay said:-
"But whatever was done, he trusted that'the system o£
protection would be preserved) that system under whicfi
this country had attained unparalleled prosperity.'' j&ijipng
the essential articles which it (meaning the protectively s-
tem) embraces are salt, iron, woollens, cotton, he;njp  ,&nd
leather."—Gales ,and Seaton'g Register of Debates, vol. 8,
part 1st, page 33. 1
At page 35, same vol., Mr. Clay says:
"The proposed reduction of duty .affects an important ar-
ticle of the manufactures of the country. ft affected every
description of salt which they produced. The operation of
the measure was not coniinea to the salt made by solar
evaporation on the coasts-of North Carolina and New Eng-
land; but it extended to the great manufactures in the
western part of-New York, where, by the same process,
salt was produced, though-not from marine, water; And it
reached all other manufactures by whatever process they
operated. If anv question were to be referred t@ 'the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, it~was purely thjs, It Jayrtfrejaxe
to the root of the American manufacture; and .a -measure^of
such fatal tendency ought to be examined deliberately by
the proper committee.," .
J\Ir. Clay—-shuffling- and equwomtmg.
I ask to read another "6r«ce" of extracts taken
from the Kentucky Yeom&n, published at Frank-
fort, Kentucky; and, as' far as I know, a
dealing, reputable journah If the extracts are truly
taken from the letters, they need no' comment to
show Mr. Clay's duplicity: ' *
and[ Mr. Clay to Mr. Meriwether.
Mr. Clay to Branham
Bledsoe.
"I voted for the tariff's ol
1S16, 1824, and 1832. I think
thev were all reasonable and
moderate, at the times they
were respectively passed."
"You are right, so far a 
the record is concerned, in
your statement that I did not
vote for the tariff's of -181 prtfl
1824."
I desire to read a few more extracts froxyi his
speeches endorsing the tariffs of 1824 and 1828. -
Mr. Clay for tariffs of 1824 and 1838.
-In February, 1832, he said:
"If a term of seven years were to be selected, of the great'
est prosperity which this people have enjoyed since the
establishment of their present constitution, it would b.e ex-
actly that period of seven years which immediately follow-
ed the passage of the tariff oflS24." ' *
Mr. Clay for protection, "per se."
Again: Mr. Clay said: . -
"The great question so long agitated between different
portions of the Union has not been whether, in laying a bill
for revenue, the government may not levy a duty which
gives incidental protection to the industry of our own citi-
zens, (for this none will deny,") but whether such protec-
tion is, in itself, a proper and legitimate object for which
taxes may be laid. The friends of the protective policy have
always maintained the latter proposition."—(Congressional
Debates, vol. 13, part 1st, page 96#.)
It is contended by many and even Mr. Clay him-
self, that the duty upon foreign goods falls not upon
the consumer, but upon he foreign producer- I
will not undertake to argue the point, but will pre-
sent you with extracts from his speeches, showing
him to be found, as fcsual, on both sides of the ques-
tion. Let me read them for the especial benefit of
his friends who speak of him as a consistent man.
Duty on convim/ption,
Mr. Clay said:
"It (the public debt) is*so
near being totally extinguish-
ed that we may now safely
inquire whether, without pre-
judice to any established poli-
cy, we may not relieve the
consumption of the country
by the repeal or the reduction
of duties, and curtail consider-
ably the revenue."—Gales &
Seaton, vol. 8, part 1st, page
63, 11th Jan., 1832.
Again he said:
"Tlie next objection urged
to the American system is,
that it subjects South Caro-
lina to the payment of an un-
due propoiuon of the public
revenue. The basis of this
objection is the assumption—
shown to have been errone-
ous—that the producer of the
exports from this country
pavs the duty on its imports,
ins'tead of tlie consumer of
those imports. The amount
which South Carolina really
contributes to the public rev-
enue, no more than that of
any other State, can be pre-
cisely, ascertained. It depends
upon her consumption ofai-ti-
cfes paying duty.—Sec Gales
& Seaton's Register of De-
bates, lirst part, 8th vol., page
Duty on foreign producer.
March, 1842, Mr. Clay said:
Appendix )93, 2d Sess., 27th
Congress.
"Well, but it has been-ask-
ed, if an increase of duty pro-
duces a diminution of price,
why do the manufacturers
ask for an increase of duties.?
I will answer the question.
The augmented duty is
thrown on the foreign pro-
ducer. By increasing the du-
ty you compel him to submit
to a reduction of pi-ice equal,
or nearly equal, to the'duty.
But to such a reduction, they
cannot submit but from ne-
cessity. A diminished impor-
tation ensues; and a vacuum
being thus created in the'mar-
ket, it is filled by the rival
fabrics of-the American man-
ufacturer, who, in his turn,
finds his compensation for the
reduced price m his great
possession of a greater por-
tion of the American market
and in the steadiness of that
market."
