582
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844..
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Houston.
H. of Reps.
In order to exhibit Mr. Clay's consistency a little
further, I will read you two more short extracts:
Nullification did not induce the
• compromise.
On the independent treas-
ury bill, September, 1837, Mr.
Clay said:
'"The compromise was not
extorted by the terror, of nul-
lification. It was a compas-
sionate concession to the im-
prudence and impotency of
nullification. Thedangerirom
nullification excited no more
apprehension than would he
felt by seeing a regiment of a
thousand boys of five or s>ix
years of age decorated in bril-
liant uniforms, with their
gaudy plumes and tiny mus-
kets, marching up to assault
a corps of fifty thousand gren-
adiers six feet high."
Nullification induced the com-
promise.
Mr. Clay said:
"For the double purpose,
then; of saving the protective
policy from destruction, and
saving this Union from the
horrors of civil war, i deem-
ed it necessary to bring for-
ward that healing and tran-
quillizing measure in regard
to which there has been so
much misconception and mis-
statement in the course of this
present debate (ra-saning the
compromise.)
"That measure, (the com-
promise,) whatever of value
or of error it may possess^ ori-
ginated entirely with the in-
dividual who is now address-
ing the Senate.55—Congres-
sional Debates, vol. 13, part 1,
page 969.
-Mr. Clay's southern free trade views—for
ike compromise—horizontal duties in-
cluded.
Mr. Chairman, I have been much amused for the
last two days at the efforts of whig gentlemen to
iind some charge against Governor Polk; and if I
had not been satisfied before, their utter and total
failure to find anything to urge against him would
have fully satisfied me that he was not vulnerable to
their attacks, or even their vilification, especially
as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hardin] was
of the number. The only objection they seerii to
vely upon to injure him in the country is, that he
has declared himself to be in favor of the "princi-
ples of the compromise act." Yes, sir, they make that
a wonderful "raic-head and bloody-bones"—a great
"scare crouand the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Morris] called upon his Pennsylvanians
to rally—rally against Governor Polk; he is for the
principles of the compromise—a free trade man—in
favor of a 20 percent, horizontal duty, and all such
humbugery and stuff! Now, Mr. Chairman, from
what Mr. Clay's northern friends say, and from the
extracts I have read, you would suppose him to be
out and out for pivtection uper se." Well, sir, let us
examine and see if he has not come out, and that
recently, for the "principles of the compromise act.'1''
JLetus see if he has not on this, as he has on almost
every other question, given an opinion for every
particular portion of country or interest. I have
given you his northern opinions. They are all
. K. tor ample protection. IN'ow for his "southern
views." I read, sir, from a speech delivered by him
in the Senate on the 1st March, 1842, to be found in
the Appendix, 2d sess., 27th Congress, pages 192 to
198, in which he said:
'•But it is necessary now to consider what the pnnciples
of the compromise act really are.
"1. The first principle is, that there should be a fixed rate
ol* ad valorem duty, and discriminations below it.
"2. That the excess of duty beyond 20 per cent should,
by a gradual process, commencing on the flist December,
1833, be reduced, so that by 30th June, 184-2, it should be
brought down to 20 per cent."
Here we have two of the principles of the com-
promise act, as given by himself; the first one for a
fixed rate of uad valorem duty,'''1 with discriminations
below; the 2d is, that the duties are all to be brought
down to 20 per cent, by 30th June, 1842. In other
parts of the same speech he declares himself in favor
of the principles of that act; but let me give you his
own language:
"Let me notbe misunderstood, and let me entreat that I
may not be misrepresented. 1 am not advocating the revi-
val of a high piotective tariff. 1 dm for abiding bj the piin-
ciples of the compromise act. I am for doing what no south-
ern man of a fair or candid mind has e\er yet denied—giv-
ing to the country a revenue which may pi ovule lor'the
economical wants of the government, and at the same tn.-.e
give an incidental protection to our home industry."
In the Senate, January 21,1841, Mr. Clay said:
"Carry out, then, (said he,) the spirit of the compromise
act. Look to revenue alone for the support of the govern-
ment. Do not raise the question of protection, which {said
the senator from Kentucky) J had hoped had been put to
rest. There is no necessity of protection for protection."
And again, in his letter, October 2d, 1843, to Mr.
Meriwether of Georgia, to secure southern strength,
he says:
"No more revenue should be levied tlian is necessary to
«>n economical administration of the go\ eminent i should
j.ave preferred that the compromise, in all its parts (um-
if jrm duties of 20 per cent, of course) could have been ad-
}.i iv'd to "
His tariff opinions in the South.
■ [lie fact that Mi. Clay is moie of a free-trade man (advo.
cate as lie is, of a leasonable tariff) than Mr. Van Buren, is
becoming generally known to the people of the South." ,
[Richmond Whig.
''We deny thatMr. Clay, or the whigs of Georgia, -wliose
candidate lie in, seek for tlie Establishment of a protective
tariff, but advocate the principles of the compromise act."
What will our northern whigs say to this? What
will the Pennsylvanians say to Mr. Clay's southern-
horizontal-free-trade opinions, as some of the whigs
have been pleased to term Governor Polk's? If the
latter be objected to in the North, certainly Mr.
Clay's "southern front" will not suit them. True,-
sir, Mr. Clay also has a "northern front"*—a view
for the North, as well as the South; but 1 hardly
think cither division of the Union will feel
willing to trust him; he has too many opinions on
the same point. At one and the same time,
he says, one object he had in view in bringing
forward the compromise act, was to "save this Union
from the horrors of civil war;" a few months after
that, he says "the compromise was not extorted by the
teiror of nullification." At one time he says, the
duty falls upon consumption; at another, that it
falls upon the foreign producer; at one time he voted
for the tariffs of 1816, 1824, and 1832; at another,
he did not vote for the tariffs of 1816 and 1824, "so
far as the record is concerned." At one time he rep-
resents the tariff of 1828 as highly oppressive; and
has the unparalleled modesty to charge Mr. Van Buren
with having voted for it; at another time, he ap-
proves it by selecting a part of the time of its exist-
ence as the most prosperous period of. our national
existence; and by inference (if not expressly) attri-
butes the prosperity to the tariffs of 1824 and 1828.
At one time he is a good mason, taking his degrees,
and scornfully refusing to answer interrogatories
from the anti-masons; at another time, he answers
their questions very kindly—says he never was
much of a mason—had little or no taste for the
"mysteries of the order," he only joined from "youth-
ful curiosity and a social disposition"—that he retired a
long time ago—does not believe he could now, of
his own knowledge, obtain admission in any lodge
of any degree whatever. I could recount many
more of Mr. Clay's phases and variation, but I pre-
sume you arc tired of those I have enumerated; the
truth is, sir, it would be somewhat troublesome to find
any important question of national policy on which
Mr. Clay does not occupy both sides; and I think,
in his efforts to publish an opinion for every meridian,
he has gone too far; the people see his object, and
are afraid to trust him, and they ar& right; there is
no telling when such a man may change his opin-
ions; or, in other words, there is no telling when
his interest may change; for whenever that occurs,
his opinions are but small impediments to his
chamelion-like progress ! The people prefer a con-
sistent, honest man, like Governor Polk; one \v' o
unalterably standi pledged, by his whole political life,
to do all in his power fairly to advance the great
good of the whole country; they can rely upon him;
he is not shifting his sail to suit every breeze; he is not
catering to every vitiated appetite in the country; is
honest, bold, manly, and purely patriotic, and they
know it; but they are tired of old broken-down party
hacks-, and if I am not much mistaken, they will
show it overwhelmingly in November next. And now,
sir, after exhibiting a few of the changes and shuf-
fles of Mr. Clay, I wish to put on the "capstone,"
by reading an extract from a speech of his, reported
in 62d vol. of Niles's Register, page 391, in which
he speaks of never having changed but once on any
great principle, Mr. Clay said:
"1 never but once changed my opinion on any ^reat meas-
ure of national policy, or on any great principle of construc-
tion of the national constitution "
Mr. Clay against the settlers.
There is one more subject to which, before 1 con-
clude, I desire to call the attention of the committee.
Mr. Clay is held up as the friend of the people; let
us see, sir, how that is. Speaking of the settlers,
or pre-emptors, nn the public lands, whom he called
squatters, he said he would suppoit any measure of
his friend's, [Mi. Waiter's,] unless it be in behalf
of squatters; he could not stand that. But hear his
own words:
'-Mr. Clay said tlint perhaps it would be hotter at once to
enter into a treaty of peace and simit}' with the gentleman,
[Mr. Walkfi: ] He v. ould give him a ctite Llapibe; support
eny measure of his, unless it should happen to be in behalf
c.f the squatters—he could not stand that :,iles & Sea-
ton's Register of Debates, vol 12, part 2, page 1390, £th
May, 1838 "
He not only refuses to go for any "measure in their
behalf," but virtually charges them with cowardice
and a want of patriotism, says they would hard-
ly have saved the Capitol, unless they had given
up their habits " of squatting. Yes, sir, it
is too plain* for comment, that he believes
the settlers on the public lands are outlaws, offcasts,
and plunderers. Sir, I would wish Mr. Clay or his
friends to tell me how it is that such settlements
disqualify or unfit a man for the' defence of his
country? Does he thereby lose his honesty, hispatriot- .
ism, or his courage? Surely not! Then, sir, why such
grave charges against honest, patriotic, brave men—
men who are at all times ready and willing to shoulder
their knapsack and rifle, and march in the front ranks
to the field of danger; always ready, if duty calls, to
pour out thp last drop of blood in their veins in
defence of liberty, when many who assail them
would quail. and shrink from the contest. Mr.
Chairman, there is some difference in being a mem-
ber of Congress, during a war, and in that way car-
rying it on; and being a soldier, encountering the
difficulties, privations and dangers incident to a sol-
dier's life; there is a vast difference in being shot at
with a leaden ball by an enemy, and shootiag wit, and
sarcasm across this hall—and no man should know
that belter than Mr. Clay; and yet, sir, he must
extend his unjustifiable opposition . to the poor
honest settler, so far as to impeach his patriotism
and courage. I will read you what he says. His last
remarks were in reply to Mr. Walker, who had
stated that a thousand of those western. settlers,
commanded by General Jackson, would have saved
the Capitol from destruction by the enemy.
Mr. Walker introduced a bill "to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands to actual set-
tlers alone," &c.
''Mr. Clay rose and said, that were it not an unusual
course, lie should move to reject the* bill immediately; that
it was in fact a bill to give ever) thing to the new States,
and leave nothing for distribution among the older States of
the confederacy. That with its p aduation clause, and do-
nation clause, and pi e-tinpthm clauses, it might as well be
called by its true name—a bill to give the whole of the pub-
lic lands to the new Slates, or (o the settleis that would roam
over them "
Mr. Clay charging the settlers with coward-
ice.
Again:
"He disclaimed any intentional disrespect to squatters
but hardly thought they would have saved the Capitol, un-
less they had given up their jiabits of squatting."—(Gales &
Seaton, livol. part 1st, pages 1,023, 1,030, 31stMay, 1836.) .
Mr. Clay calls the settlers "lawless rabble,
plunderers," Sfc.
Mr. Clay has also given other evidence of his in-
veterate hatred to that class of our citizens. I find
reported in the National Intelligencer of February 5,
1838, what I now propose to read:
"Mr. Tipton. I will repeat, as nearly as I can, what was
said yesterday: and, if I go wiong, he. (Mr Clay) can cor-
rect me. 1 understand that he denounced the settlers oil
the lands as a lawless banditti of laud robbeis, unjustly
grasping at the public trea&me.
"Ho™ Air. Clay rose and said that he would repeat what
he did say on the occasion refened to by the honorable sen-
ator from Indiana. He did say that the SQUATTERS on
the public lands were a LAWLESS RABBLE, that they
might as well SEIZE UPON OUR FORTS, OUR ARSEN-
ALS, OR ON THE PUBLIC TREASURE, as to rush out
and seize on the public lands.''
Again:
"Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, {following Mr. Lvon,) said: Sir
i will meet thorn with the laws of the rountrv. Let the
lands be exposed at public sale, and afterwards'at private
sale, and then put in force, if necessary, the existing laws
and REMOVE THESE LAWLESS INTRUDERS from the
property they have forcibly appropriated to their own use.
What right had they to the public domain more than anv
other description ot PLUNDERKRS to the goods they may
serte upon'' An auctioneer has his warehouse broken open
by a lawless body of armed men: one man seizes upon a
bale, another upon a hamper, and another upon something
else, and says he has a i lght to it at his own price."
Mr. Clay wants to force Mr. Van Buren to
remove settlers.
After using these opprobiious epithets towards
them, lie proposes the enactment of a law requiring
the President to cause all settlers on the public
lands after 1st December, 1837, to be removed there-
from. Here, sir, is the section offered by him as
an amendment to tne bill, but which the patriotism
of the Senate voted down:
"On motion of Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, to amend the hill
o\ adding thereto thp following section, m?:
"it"' nw^,d That all settlements
on the public lands subsequent to the fiist dav of December
183? shall be and the same are. stuctly pioh'ibited, and the
n™ .Slia" b6' „and heieb>' ls' authorized and RE-
HLIRtD to cause all persons who mav settle on the imblio.
lands subsequent to the day aforesaid to be removed there-
from."—(See Senate Journal. 1837-&, p. 181)
