Vfft? rTV-TrrTrT
Cftft&RESStO&AL Giofii.
ftosenlrergand 132. other citizens of Hancock, Hardin, Put-
nam, and Allen counties, in the State of Ohio, asking the es-
tablishment of a mail-route from Findlay, in Hancock coun-
ty, to Soundhead, in Hardin cqunty, Ohio: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office anil' Post Roads.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of D. E. Lory and 75
other citizens of the Fort Wayne and Winnemac land dis-
tricts, in the State of Indiana, praying that some regulation
be made by law for the reclaiming the wet lands in those
districts by drainage. The petition of James T. Water-
house and 35 other citizens of the same districts, for the
same object. .
By Mr- CATLIN: The petition of Anna, Yerriiigtoii, of
Salem, Connecticut, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also, the petition
of the Washington Total Abstinence Society, praying that
the spirit ration in the army and navy be abolished: refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 1, 1844.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from the heirs
of Geo. White, .for commutation pay: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the proceedings of
democratic citizens of Wilmington, Delaware, in
favor of the reannexation of Texas as a portion
of the territory of the United States: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
' Mr. WALKER presented a letter from J. L.
O'Sullivan, showing the necessity of legislation on
the subject of punishment for piratical robberies
committed on the high seas, according to the degree
of criminality: referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. CHOATE presented the petition of the se-
lectmen of Springfield, Massachusetts, concerning
the boundary line of lands belonging to the United
States, in that town: referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. HAYWOOD presented the proceedings of
a large meeting of the citizens of Mecklenburg coun-
ty, North Carolina, at which strong resolutions
were adopted in favor of the reannexation of
Texas, as a portion of the territory of the United
States: read, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. BAYARD presented the proceedings of a
meeting held in the city of Wilmington, Delaware,
at which resolutions were adopted in favor of the
annexation of Texas to the United States as part of
their territory. He also presented a memorial of
persons who attended the same meeting, addressed
to Congress, and praying for the ratification of the
pending treaty between the United States and Tex-
as: both referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of the 3d congressional district of
Pennsylvania, asking the Senate to ratify the treaty
for the annexation of Texas; and if that could not
be done, respectfully asking that Texas be received
by both Houses of Congress into the Union, as a
territory of the United States. He was acquainted
with several of the signers of this memorial, who
were highly respectable men. As it was short, he
would ask that it be read. The memorial was ac-
cordingly read.
He also presented the protest or memorial of a
number of citizens of the county of Washington,
State of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
ratification of the treaty to annex Texas. Having
had the one read, he hoped the other might be read
also. It was accordingly read. Both memorials
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. WRIGHT had been requested to present the
remonstrance of certain citizens of Onondaga coun-
ty, State of New York, against the ratification of the
treaty to annex Texas, which, without reading, he
moved might be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations: referred to said committee. .
Also, a similar memorial signed by sundry citizens
of the county of Ontario, in that State, which he
moved might be referred to the same committee: it
was so referred.
He had also been requested to present the memo-
rial of W. B. Davis, which stated that he (Mr. D.)
believed he had invented a boat for the removal of
sand-bars, which would be a great improvement in
the navigation of rivers. The memorialist desired
to submit his plan to Congress, with a view to its
employment, if it could be brought into use: referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented three memorials
from citizens of Oneida county, in the State of New
York, remonstrating against any alteration in the
tariff: referred to the Committee on Finance. 1
The following bills, ordered to be engrossed yes-
terday, were read a third time, and passed:
A mil for the relief of Henry Newman.
.'A bill for the relief of Ephraim D. Dickson.
A bill to authorize the school trustees, or other
lawful authorities having charge of the subject of
common schools in surveyed township 48 north, of
range 18 west, in the county of Cooper, and State of
Missouri, to enter a section of land in lieu of section
16, in said county, for the use of schools.
A bill for the relief of Hiram March.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Campau.
A bill authorizing a patent to be issued to Joseph
Campau, for a certain tract of land in the State of
Michigan.
A bill for the relief of George Duval and other
Cherokees.
A bill for the relief of W. R. Davis.
A bill for the relief of David Robb.
The Senate then adjourned to Friday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 1, 1844.
. The journal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. "WHITE rose to move a correction. It was
stated in the journal that he had moved that when
the House adjourned, it should adjourn to meet on
Friday. Now, he stated, when he made that mo-
tion, it was for the purpose of having the carpets
taken up, and the hall cleaned; and he therefore
wished the motion to be entered on the journal as he
made it.
Mr. WELLER said that was the argument of the
fentleman. He made the motion to adjourn over to
'riday, and gave, as a reason for it, that it was to
have the carpets taken up.
Mr. DUNCAN said it was not usual to put the
rebsons for a motion on the journal, and he should
object to it.
Mr. WHITE said that his motion was to adjourn
over to Friday, for the purpose of having the carpets
taken up. That was his motion, and he wished the
reporters to notice it.
Mr. WELLER said that was the reason given
by the gentleman; but the real object was to attend
the Whig convention.
Mr. WHITE said, perhaps the gentleman from
Ohio might know more of his motives than him-
self; but he had stated his object truly. He with-
drew his motion.
Mr. WELLER made some reply not heard.
' DELEGATE FROM FLORIDA.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS offered a resolution to take
from the files the petition contesting the election of
the honorable Mr. Levy, delegate from Florida, and
refer it to the Committee of Elections.
The CHAIR said the resolution was not in order,
but by general conscnt.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON and others objected.
Mr. LEVY wished to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania at whose instance his resolution was
offered. He wished to know if it was at the in-
stance of any of his constituents.
The SPEAKER remarked that the resolution was
not before the House, and such questions were out
oi order.
Mr. MORRIS rose to reply to the inquiry made
ofhim; but
Mr. C. JOHNSON and others objected; and he
took his seat
DEBATE ON THE TARIFF.'*
The resolution offered yesterday evening by Mr.
Brodhead, to take the tariff bill out of committee at
1 o'clock on Wednesday, the 8th inst., on which
the previous question had been moved, came up for
consideration, the question being on the amendment
of Mr. Dromgoole to substitute Monday next.
The question was put on seconding the previous
question, and the vote was, 57 ayes, 44 nays.
No quorum voting,
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved a call of the House.
Some conversation took place, when the motion
for a call of the House was withdrawn, there be-
ing evidently a quorum present; and
The question v, as again taken by tellers on sec-
onding the previous question, and carried—ayes 70,
noes 51.
The main question was then ordered; when
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the vote was taken on his
amendment, and rejected—ayes 38, nays 101.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL rose before the vote was
taken,asked .penantok Jp.jM?-.- Jb ,
Was not within the bar at the time his' name was
called, but was in' the lo1>by,;m ' con versatidn- /'With
the Texan minister, and™ he should Kke riQW- to'irp. ^
cord his vote. ' . ° . '
Permission was not granted.
The resolution wa3 then agreed to. ' _i
Mr. E. J. MORRIS renewed his motion to,sus-
pend the rules, to give him an opportunity to offer#
resolution; but his motion was not agreed to, very
few votes being given in its support.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLOMBIA.
On the motion of Mr. KIRKPATRICK, the
three first legislative days after that on which the
House may dispose of the tariff bill, were'set apart
for the consideration of the business of the Distpiil
of Columbia, instead of the three first days of May,
which will be consumed with the discussion on the
tariff.
THE TARIFF.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the tariffbill.
Mr. BIDLACK resumed his speech, which he
suspended yesterday for a motion to rise, observing
that he should labor under much embarrassment, in
consequence of the limit to which he must confine
his remarks. If he had had sufficient time; he
should have liked to have gone into the comparative
merits of the law of 1842, and of the bill under con-
sideration; but his time would not permit, and he
should, therefore, more particularly speak of the
iron interest, which, in his State, was one of great
importance. But he would first observe that, as a
general rule, he would be disposed to tax the luxu-
ries of life, and such articles as came in competition
with domestic productions. He would so tax im-
ports as to enable the domestic fabricator to com-
pete with the foreign manufacturer, while neither
was permitted to impose upon the consumer; and if
other duties were necessary, he would impose them
on the luxuries of life, admitting free of duty such
articles as are of prime necessity, but not produced
in this country.
After giving a passing notice to the remarks of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,] in relation
to the English corn laws, and the imposition of du-
ties generally for the support of the army and navy
of that country, he said this country, too, had to
support an amy and navy, for the protection of its
citizens and their commerce. Of the importance of
our commerce, some idea might be formed from the
fact that there was paid to the British government
duties on the importation of American produce,
which, in the year 1839, amounted to upwards of
§26,000,000, and in 1840 to upwards of $28,000,000.
He went through various statistical statements on
this subject, and noticed the interests of Pennsylva-
nia, particularly her coal and her iron, which he
was continuing when the chairman announced the
expiration of his allotted hour.
Mr. BUFFINGTON next addressed the commit-
tee in favor of the protective system, and displayed
at much length its effects on the prosperity of con-
tinental Europe and of England. It was, he said, the
established policy of the world when our govern-
ment went into operation, and as a natural and ne-
cessary consequence it was established here. Under
the old confederation it wagjhe favored policy of the
government, and was continued as such on the adop
tion of the federal constitution. Mr. B. then went
into the constitutionality of the question, and argued
that the power to protect domestic manufactures, by
laying duties on imports, was expressly granted to
Congress by the constitution. Tnis power was not
only granted to Congress by the constitution, but the
exercise of it was prohibited to the States. The
constitutional power, therefore, he considered as set-
tled beyond a doubt. If the government did not
possess the power to protect its own domestic indus-
try, that power was extinct—lost forever; and our
government stood alone in the family of nations,
without any power to protect itself from the injuri-
ous commercial regulations of other nations. Hav-
ing concluded the constitutional part of his argu-
ment, Mr. B. proceded to argue in favor of the ex-
pediency of the protective system. This govern-
ment, he said, was established fof the purposes of pro-
tection. The whole government, from the highest to
the lowest of its functions, was instituted for that ob-
lect. What was the object of the navy, but for the
protection of commerce, and the protection of the
country from foreign invasion? What was the ob*
