March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m.
28th Cong...:.1st Sess
Oregon Territory—Mr. Choate.
Senate,
Mr. Clay in favor of sending the regular
■army against the settlers.
Speaking of removing them from the public lands,
Mr. Clay said:,
''Can it be possible that this government cannot protect
the property of the people of the United States'? Can these
settlers hold possession against the whole force of this gov-
ernment, the regular army, the militia, under the command
of the" President? If the case is so with the public domain,
how soon will it be the same with all the public property?
Sir, I hope it is not true! I trust the people will be able to
protect their property."
I now ask you, Mr. Chairman, if you—if the intel-
ligent people—can consent to aid in the elevation of a
man who has shown himself to be the enemy of our
frontier settlers; who is for protecting the few and op-
pressing the many; who requires the President to
remove them from their homes by military force;
who wants the regular army sent out into the frontier
settliments to drive oft' the poor but honest citizen, and
turn him and his family houseless and moneyless' up-
on the cold charities of the world. Sir, his efforts
have heretofore been (as shown from the journals
themselves) to force the President to remove them
from. their homes; and can it be doubted for a mo-
ment that, if he were President, he would do that
which he tried to force Mr. Van Buren to do by
law—send out the regular army against them? If he
should be clothed with the power of chief magis-
trate, the "squatters" (as he contemptuously calls
them) may bid good-bye to pre-emptions and gradua-
tions; all their hopes blasted, they may prepare to
leave their homes, or defend them at the point of the
bayonet. Sir, those brave sons of our revolutionary
sires can never be driven; you may butcher them, if
you will, with your regular army, but they leave
their dwellings not with life. Those hearths that have
been so often gladdened by the honest man's toil—
that soil (to use a not inappropriate figure) which
has so often been moistened by the sweat of an
honest man's brow—will (if the whig candidate suc-
ceeds in the coming contest, and carries out his
despotic doctrines, which God in his mercy forbid)
then be saturated with the blood of American citi-
zens, shed by order of their tyrannical President!
SPEECH OF MR. CHOATE,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Jn Senate, March 21, 1844—On the question of annulling the
convention for the common occupation of the Territory
of Oregon, and in reply to Mr. Buchanan.
[The third article of the convention between the United
States and Great Britain, signed October- 20, 1818, is in
these words:-
'Itis agreed that any country that may be claimed by either
party op. the northwest coast of America, westward of the
Stony mountains, shall, together with its harbors, bays, and
cieeks,and the navigation of all rivers within the same,be free
and open for the teim of ten years irom the d<ite of the signa-
ture of the present convention, to the vessels, citizens, and
subjects ot the two powers; it being well understood that
this agreement is not to be construed to the prejudice of
any claim which either of the two high contracting parties
may have to any part of the said country, nor shall it be
taken to affect the claims of any other power or state to any
part of the said country 5 the only object of the high con-
tracting parties in that respect being to prevent disputes and
differences among themselves."
The convention between the same governments, signed
August 6, 1827,2s m these words:
•'Art. 1. All the provisions of the third article of the con-
vention concluded between the United States of America
and his Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, on the 20th of October, 1818, shall be,
and they are hereby, further indefinitely extended and con-
tinued in force, in the same manner as if all the provisions
of the said article were herein specifically recited.
"Art. 2. It shall be compet-ent, howevei, to either of the
contracting parties, in case either should think fit, at any
time after the 20th of October, 1828, on giving due notice of
twelve months to the other contracting party, to annul and
abrogate this convention; and it shall, in such case, be ac-
cordingly entirely annulled and abrogated, after the expira-
tion of the said term of notice.
"Art. 3. Nothing contained in this convention, or in the
tlrird article of the convention of the 20th October. 1818,
hereby continued in force, shall be construed to impair or
in any maimer affect the claims which either of the con-
tiacting paities may have to any part of the country west-
ward oi the Stony mountains."
On the 8th of January, 1S44, Mr. Sfmple, of Illinois, in-
troduced into the Senate of the United States the following
resolution:
41Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to give notice to the British government that it is
the desire of the government of the United States to annul
and abrogate the provisions of the third article ol the con-
vention concluded between the government of the United
States of America and his Britannic Majesty the King of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 011 the 20th of
October, 1S18, and indefinitely continued by the convention
between the same parties, signed at London the 6th of Au-
gust, 1827."
Jn opposition to this resolution, Mr. Choatj, addressed
the Senate on the 22d of February, in reply to Mr. Atchi-
son, of Missouri. The debate was continued by Messrs.
Hannegan, Bueese,. and Buchanan, in favor of the resolu-
tion, and Messrs. Davtt6n, Miller, Archer, Crittenden,
.and Hives, against it; after which this speech was delivered.]
Mr. CHOATE addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. Pkemdent: It is not my purpose to discuss this sub-
ject, at large, over again. I have been once heard on-it;
and, with you all, I have a very strong desire to bring such
a dangerous and unseasonable debate to a close. A few
words,in explanation and aid of what J said before, seem,
however, to have been made necessary by the speeches of
the advocates of the resolution. .
I acknowledge an anxiety to define and restate plainly,
briefly, and directly, the position which I actually assumed
upon this business. Without supposing any intention to
misrepresent, which can never exist here, sure I am that no
human being could form any tolerable conjecture of its
nature, limits, and grounds, from all the replies, solemn, fer-
vid, and sarcastic, that have been made to it.
Sir, my view of this matter was, and is, simply, and ex-
actly this: not that we should now determine that we will
never give the notice to annul the convention; for who can
say that we may hot be required to give it in six months?
but that we should not give the notice now. "Whether we
shall ever give it, when and with- what accompainm'ents of
preparation, and of auxiliary action, we shall' do so,'I said
were matters very fit for a committee to consider, or for
events to be allowed to develop. Possibly the course of
events might render such notice forever unnecessary.
There was nothing in the past or the present to indicate the
contrary with certainty. Let us await,-then, I suggested,
the admonitions of events, as they should be uttered from
time to time; keeping always a sharp lookout on Oregon,
which a noiseless and growing current of agricultural im-
migration was filling with hands and hearts the fittest to
defend it. This was my view; that is to say, that the notice
should not be given now. Towards that single point all
that was urged was made to bear, and upon that all was
meant to tell.
And this view met the whole question before us. "What
is that question? Not whether the notice shall be given
now or never given all Not so. The alternative is not
between now giving it, and never giving it; but between
giving it now, and not giving it now. That is the single
point of difference. Senators upon the other side would
annul the convention to-day; we would not annul it to-day;
and there we stop The duties of to-morrow We can better
discern and better perform by the lights of to-morrow.
It is palpable. Mr. President, tipon this bare restate-
ment of the question, that much which made the matter of
the speech of the honorable senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Buchanan,1 much perhaps which I said myself, was not very
immediately, or decisively relevant; certainly not very ne-
cessary to a suitable determination of it He may be right or
he may be wrong in unfolding himself witlrso much empha-
sis against what he is pleased to call a poetical and a self-
deceiving theory of policy, I may have been right or may
have been wrong in calculating so sanguinely on the unas-
sisted enterprise and the restless nature of my countrymen;
I may have been right or may have been wrong in suppo-
sing that those mysterious tendencies and energies that
carried our people to the eastern base of the Rocky moun-
tains would not die away there, as summer-evening waves
on the shore,'but would carry them, with > our aid or with-
out it, to the great sea; the honorable senator may or mag-
net be right in predicting that Great Britain will develop
some new motive and new form of resistance to our occu-
pation of the Oregon, or that the Hudson Bay company
will take up some new or some old habit of Indian butche-
ries to keep us out;—you may$think what 3-011 will on all
this, and yet you ha.\ e not settled nor very closely approach-
ed the question, whether the notice o{ abrogation shall now
be given under the*actnal, special, temporary, and parsing
circumstances of the case and the hour.
Betuinmg to that, the only question, I stand, as I stood,
upon one single, sufficient, and decisive reason against the
notice; and that is, that it may by possibility produce an
inauspicious effect upon the negotiation just now beginning
or begun; and therefore, as you have maintained this con-
vention for the peaceful and common occupation of the Ore-
gon Territory for six-and-twenty years, under all adminis-
trations, in all aspects of facts, steadilj and with great una-
nimity of opinion, as a p^rt of your entire Oregon policy,
as there is nothing whatever m'the past or the present to
disclose any necessity for annulling it. or any ground of
reasonable expectation of benefit from doing so; as it has
operated and is operating well for you to-day. it ought not,
on the eve of negotiation, to be abruptly and capriciously
abrogated. Such an act may, by possibility, prevent a trea-
ty. It may diminish the chances of a treaty. It cannot help
negotiation, and it may embarrass and break it up. For this
single reason, without another, I opposed and oppose the
resolution.
And what does the honorable senator from Pennsylvania
say to this? Why, that the senator from Massachusetts has
declared that Ave have slept upon our rights for t\\ enty-six
years; and that therefore, while \\ e are about it, we may as
well have a little more sleep, a little more slumber, and a
little more folding of the hands to sleep!
Now, sir, let me respectfully tell the honorable senator
that this is not even a good caricature of my reasoning It is
quite idle, 1 know, to complain that an opponent does not
restate the position which he assails in exactly the teims in
which it was propounded; and > et I always thought it a
pleasing and honorable thing which I have heard said of an
eminent debater in the British House of Commons and also
of a late accomplished member of the American legal pro-
fession, that they would reannounce the argument to which
they were replying, better than its author has expressed it,
before they proceeded to demolish it irreparably. But this,
sir, of the. honorable senator, tried by the rules of the
noble art of logical and parliamentary caricature, is
a bad one. I made no such assertion, and deduced no
such inference I said not one word of our having slept
011 our rights six-and-twentv years, or six-and-twenty min-
utes—if by sleeping 011 rights 1 am to undei stand the neg-
lecting to assert and proclaim them. 1 was speaking of
this convention for common occupation, and I said, and said
only, and exactly, that Upon this convention you hadi stool,
all parties, all administrations from 1818 to this' bout, as. a
part ofyour entire Oregon policy; that you had done so
with a knowledge of eveiy fact which is now urged as a*
reason of annulling it; ana that therefore to annul it now,
when its practical operation is better for you than ever be-
fore it was, arid when a negotiation is just beginning, (to
carry you in' good temper through -which was one of the
leading inducements to making andcontinuing it,) would be
a capricious, unintelligible, and unwise proceeding. .Thisx
is what I said. With sleeping on your rights I neyertaunt-
ed you. Every body knows that we haw not slept
them. Every body knows that we have recorded thenu
announced them to Great Britain and to the world; 'urged
them in every diplomatic conversation we have had with,
that government since we knew there was a Columbia
river; and that we made and renewed this very convention
with an express protestation and provision that it sho.uld
not impair or change them. . Sir, let me, the more £Ovmplete-
ly to satisfy the honorable senator of his misapprehension
of the remark to which he excepted, do so unusual a thing
as to read from the Congressional Globe a brief extract-from
a speech which I had the honor to make in this place at the
last session: ■ • ~
"Always this question of -the Oregon has {borne exactly
the same relation to all our questions with England that it
bore last summer. Always it has been thought important
enough to be discussed/with other subjects, and never has
it been quite matured for adjustment, and never thought
quite so important as to hinder the adjustment of other
questions which were matured. How many treaties have
you made with England? How much diplomatic conversa-
tion have you had with her since Captain Gray discovered
and named the Columbia river? And yet, through, the
whole series—in 1807, 1814,1816,1818, and 1826—in "the -ad-
ministrations of both the last Presidents, always there Has
been one course and one result with this subject. It. has
been treated of;-formal and informal communications have
been held on it; it has been found to be unripe for. settle-
ment; and it has been found to be, or believed to be, not dif-
ficult enough, or not pressing enough to delay or alter the
settlement of riper and more pressing elements of con- '
tention.'*
Sir, w hile I hold this book open, let me digress a moment
to correct another misapprehension, into which the .honor-
able senator inadvertently fell, not at all affecting, it is true,
the immediate discussion. Eager as he was to show that
the American government had never slept upon-our rights,
because this seemed to controvert a position I had never
taken, he could not deny himself the pleasure of conjectur-
ing that in 1842, the then Secretary of State had 'proposed
the parallel of 49 degrees north as the boundary; and this
conjecture he founded wholly upon a sentence contained in
the speech from which I have just been reading. The sea
tenceisthis:
"I desired chiefly to assure the senator and the Senate
that the apprehension intimated by him* that a disclosure
of these informal communications would disgrace the Amer-
ican Secretary, bv showing that he offered a boundary line
south of the parallel of forty-nine, is totally unfounded. He
would be glad to hear me say that I am authorized and de-
sired to declare, that in no communication, formal or infor-
mal, was such an offer made, and that none such was ever
meditated." ,
From this he infers that the degree bf 49 was proposed.
Certainly, sir, his inference is wholly groundless. The
facts are these. The senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,}
whom the'Senate, with a "general and sincere pleasure, have
seen resume his seat this morning, had, at the last session-,
made a speech, the main effort of which was to prove that
Great Britain had no color of title, at least south of 49 de-
grees. He did not, certainly, concede her title so far as 49
degrees, but his argument was almost exclusively directed
to a vindication of the American title up to that parallel;
that is, to the whole valley of the Columbia river." In. the
course of his remarks he observed that our government had
steadily refused to concede a particle of right to Great Brit-
am south of 49 degrees, but that he feared that a proposition
had been made by the American negotiator of the treaty of
1842 to fall below that degree; and thereupon he "used thi
language, which I read from the Congressional Globe:,
"And now if, after all this, any proposition has been made
by our government to give up the north bank of the river, I,
for one, shall not fail to brand such a'proposition with the
-name of treason."
The object of his denunciation^ the Senate perceives, was
a supposed proposition to run a line south of 49 degree. Of
any proposition to adopt 49 degrees itself, or any higher
parallel, he was not thinking, and did not speak. Intending
to participate in that discussion, I addressed a note to the
Secretary of State, inquiring simply whether a proposition
had been made to take a line south of the 49th degree. The
answer was immediate, and to the precise question, that
none such had been made or meditated. Not another sylla-
ble was said or writtpn, and the writer of neither note, 1
may venture to say. intended to ask or answer any thing
but the precise question, or had any other subject in his
mind at all. I well remember that, when this was an-
nounced. in the terms which the honorable senator has
read, the senator from Missouri audibly expressed his satis-
faction. Surely those terms, upon this explanation, cannot
be thought to" afford' thd slightest evidence that this govern-
ment proposed the 49th degree for a boundary, andlha\e
been recently-assured, and from high authority, that such
is not the fact.
Returning1 from this digression, sir, and taking leave,
once and for all, of the treaty of 1842. I may repeat that the
assertion which I actually made m debate the other day
was only, that we have continued this convention as a
means of enabling us, in one mode oranother, to secure and
enforce those very rights in the Oregon Territory which
we have always assorted. We have kept up the convention,
not because we were asleep, but because we were awake.
All the reasons now urged by senators for abrogating it u e
have known perfectly well, and long ago. In 1618, we
made the convention. In 1827, we renewed it. In 1829, in
February, just upon the accession of Gen. Jackson, that
celebrated letter of Messrs. Clark and Cass to the senator
