/>td
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ject of expending millions for the support of an army
but for the protection of the citizens and .territory of
~ tlie United States? The whole object of government
was protection—to protect the weak against the
-Strong, and the simple against the designing.
Mr. B. took occasion to notice the policy of Eng-
land, which, he said, had always been to protect its
domestic industry; and he added that it was the
Erotection she had given to her manufactures that
ad made her' the greatest nation on earth. Look
at England, and how great and powerful the system
of protection had made her. She stood now the
wealthiest nation that ever existed.
Mr. HAMLIN (speakiiig-across the floor) said:
She owes a debt that is more than all she is worth,
and that all the money in the world is not enough
to pay; while the great mass of her population is
starving.
'Mr. BTJFFINGTON said the secret that explain-
ed the great wealth of Great Britain was, that she
protected her commerce, her manufactures, and her
agriculture. But it was urged that Great Britain,
though wealthy, oppressed the great mass of her
citizens, and that her population was in a starving
condition. Now he contended that this was not a
consequence of her protective system, but of her
form of government. In England there was an es-
tablished church, and a numerous body of clergy,
supported at the expense of the people. There was
also an expensive government, with a large military
and naval establishment, and a hereditary aristoc-
racy, who were supported in the same manner. All
these kept the people down, and caused the misery
and destitution which was so extensively felt in that
country. Mr. B. then went into an argument to
prove that a protective tariff did not increase the
price of imported articles, and contended that the
duty did not, as had been argued on the other side,
fall on the consumer. He laid it down that where
an article of foreign manufacture was not produced
at all in this country, then the consumer paid
the duty; but where the article was manufactured
in this country, the competition of the American
manufactures in the foreign market kept down the
price, and made the duty fall partly on the consumer,
and partly on the foreign producer.
He contended that, by the protection of railroad
iron alone, a very large amount of money would be
saved to the country, to the advantage of all its do-
mestic interests, particularly the farming, which was
peculiarly favored by the protection of the manufac-
turers. He then commented on the duties for the
protection of salt, and expressed his astonishment
that any one should have proposed the reduction of
the duty on salt, and thereby flood the country with
a foreign article, to the destruction of the domestic
article and the injury of the revenue, at a time when
the treasury needed all the supplies it could procure.
He then mado an appeal to the committee in behalf
of the farming interest, with which he was con-
nected.
Mr. HUBAR.D, on rising, observed that having
on a former occasion delivered his opinions pretty
much at length on the subject of a protective tariff',
he should, on the present'occasion, contend himself
with stating very concisely the reasons why he
should vote for the bill before the committee, and
why he was opposed to the tariff of 1842. He should
not go into any constitutional argument of this ques-
tion, but purposed to make a plain, common-sense
speech. He was in favor of a revenue tariff which,
while it afforded an adequate support for the gov-
ernment, would give as much protection to manufac-
tures as was necessary. To this extent he was wil-
ling to protect manufactures. If we look back, said
Mr. H., to the administration of Presidents Wash-
ington and Jefferson, we shall find that manufactures
were more prosperous than they ever have been
since; we shall find that commerce and agriculture
were both more prosperous, and indeed the whole
country enjoyed a greater share of prosperity than it
ever had done in later times. He invited gentlemen
to look back into the early period of the history of
the republic, for the result she had described. Up to
1816, the duties had varied from 10 to 15 per cent.;
and under those low duties it was found that our
commerce, manufactures and agriculture were pros-
perous and increasing. Now, when gentlemen
pointed to Great Britain as a model for our imitation,
lie would call their attention to the fact that the
tariff of Great Britain never was for the pro-
tection of manufactures, but for the protection of
the landed interest. He had it from the report of
Mr. Hume in the House of Commons, that the re-
venue accruing from duties imposed for the protec-
tion of manufactures did not amount to half a mil-
lion of pounds sterling. In England, the tariff was
imposed for the protection of agriculture; here, it was
imposed for their protection of manufactures. There,
the revenue for duties on the importation of manu-
factures did not amount to half a million of
pounds sterling; here, three-fourths of our reve-
nue was derived from duties imposed for the
protection of manufactures. He would invite the
attention of gentlemen who were in favor of a pro-
tective tariff, to another fact, stated in Mr. Hume's
report; and that was, that the cotton manufacture,
being the branch that was the least protected in Eng-
land, was the most flourishing; while the silk manu-
facture, which had been protected, Was a small,
dwindling concern. In France, on the other hand,
where the silk manufacture was not protected, it was
the most thriving of any of the branches of industry
of that country. He would ask gentlemen to look at
the prosperous condition of our commerce, manu-
factures, and agriculture, in the times of General
"Washington and Mr. Jefferson, when the duties
were low, and then, turning their attention to the
depressed condition of all these branches under a
system of high duties, explain, if they could, why it
was that their favorite system had been followed by
such results.
In connexion with this part of the subject he
would hand up to the Clerk, and ask him to read, a
report made by Mr. Gallatin (the then Secretary of
the Treasury) to Congress in 1810. The Clerk
then read extracts from this report; in which, among
other things, it was stated that the manufacturing
industry of the country was in the most prosperous
condition; that a number of articles of manufacture
which are stated in the report, were manufactured to
a sufficient extent to supply the consumption of the
country; that a number of others, which were also
enumerated, were established on a firm and stable
basis, and were prosperous and increasing; and Mr.
Gallatin attributes the flourishing condition of the
manufacturing industry of the country to the ab-
sence of those restrictions on trade and commerce
which operated so injuriously in other countries. In
this country, the report added that every species of
trade was untrammelled, and open to all.
Mr. H. then showed, from the same report, the
flourishing condition of our commerce at the same
period, and the great amount of our exports com-
pared with what they have been under a system of
high duties. It appeared by the facts he had ad-
duced, that our protective-tariff system had cut
down the commerce of the country, and thrown the
manufactures ahead, but had not thrown them
ahead to the extent that they were progressing in
the days of General Washington and Mr. Jefferson.
This proved conclusively that the tariff system was
oppressive and injurious on the commerce of the
country. He begged gentlemen to notice and reply
to these facts. Mr. H. then replied to the argu-
ment so often used by the protectionists, that a high
tariff produced low prices. If this was so, he ask-
ed of them what they wanted with high duties as a
protection. Their interest as manufacturers re-
quired high priccs for their productions. Why,
then, did they clamor for a system which, as they
said, had the effect of reducing the prices on their
commodities. Mr. H. replied at length to this
part of the argument.
He submitted that to the committee for considera-
tion, and it would be seen that, if a high tariff re-
duced prices, that policy would be suicidal. If that
doctrine were true, the policy of the manufacturer
would be to go for free trade, as, according to their
views, its tendency would be to increase prices.
But they, nevertheless, came here and asked for the
passage of a tariff act, as a protection against the
pauper labor of England, nnd to keep up prices; and
when obtained, they turn round and say, this boon
which you have given us is a curse, instead of a
blessing. Now, instead of reducing, he contended
that a tariff increased the price of goods; but if it
was seriously contended that 'the tariff reduced
prices, what would be thought of it by our farmers
and tobacco growers, for whose interests some gen-
tlemen professed to have so much regard?
Having stated some objections to the act of 1842
he now proposed to give a few reasons why he
should support the bill before the committee. There
were some things in this bill of which he did not
entirely approve, but he preferred it to the act of
1842. In the first place, he'opposed the act of 1841
and 1842 because they increased the taxes for the
benefit of the manufacturers; whereas the bill now
under consideration would reduce taxation. The
'whig .party had appeared to think that high taxes
were a felicitous mode of relieving the country, and
by their tariff acts they had greatly increased the
taxes. Mr. Fillmore, in an explanation of their
plan, stated that it was designed to raise $27,000,000,
being $11,500,000 more than was raised by the pre-
ceding system. The whig administration came
into, power as a "reform, retrenchment, and econo-
my" administration; but how had they exhibited
the appropriateness of their character? The whig
party increased taxes, while the democratic party
had reduced taxes.- He stated many statistical
facts here, in support of his assertion, and then pro-
ceeded to notice the effects of the whig tariff on par-
ticular interests. He read letters from Mr. Wash-
ington Irving, our minister to Spain, and Mr.
Wheaton, our minister at Berlin, addressed to Mr.
Webster, then Secretary of State, to show the inju-
rious effects of the tariff on the tobacco trade.
He next replied to the argument which had been
made against the position that low duties increase
the amount of revenue, based on the diminished rev-
enue since 1833, under the reduced duties of the
compromise act. This, however, he attributed to
the increase of the free list. He concluded with the
remark that he would not consent to a policy by
which any interest would be sacrificed for the benefit
of another. He was willing that each should be
cherished with the like care, but he would not as-
sent to injustice to any.
Mr. GRINNELL next addressed the committee,
and gave some reaspns why he opposed the bill be-
fore the committee.
Mr. G. took a view of the effects of the duty on
salt, and the number of saltworks on the seacoast,
for the purpose of showing the advantage of the pro-
tection given to that article, and the injurious effects
that would result from a withdrawal of that protec-
tion. In that event, he said all these saltworks
would have to be abandoned, and the people en-
gaged in them would be driven to agricultural pur-
suits, and would enter into competition with the ag-
riculturists, who were already too numerous. He
did not believe that the taking off the duty would
lower the price of the article, though it would de-
stroy the domestic manufacture. Mr. G. said his
chief objection to the bill, that it would not produce
a revenue adequate to the support of the govern-
ment; and for this reason alone, if others were
wanting-, he would oppose it.
It had been urged, as an argument against the pro-
tective system, that the profits of the manufacturers
were enormous: and, in answer to that, he would
state that, for the two years previous to the last, the
manufacturing establishments had not made any
money; but, in the last year, they had sold off their
surplus stock on hand, which enabled them to de-
clare the dividends about winch so much had been
said. He had no hesitation in saying that these
manufacturing establishments would not divide, un-
der the present tariff, exceeding six per cent, for the
next five years. The number of these establish-
ments was increasing, and the competition to be
produced by them would bring down their profits.
The principle business of his district was the whale
fishery; but his constituents were all in favor of
protecting manufactures by a system of duties, be-
cause they felt that their own interests were best pro-
moted by such a course of policy.
Mr. DUNLAP said he rose with some reluc-
tance to offer his views on the bill then under the
consideration of the committee, the importance of
which was conceded by all. In discussing a sub-
ject on which such a diversity of opinion existed,
it should be their aim to examine it with becoming
fairness and candor; and to act on it as among
brothers and friends, and not as if among foes and
enemies. It was the avowed object of every gen-
tlemam, in examinations like this, to search after
truth; and no man, capable of exerting any influ-
ence over the people, should seek to attain his object
by covering it up. Truth was modest and unas-
suming; and they should make themselves like her,
and support their opinions with moderation and
fairness. While patience and perseverance would
unlock the vault, they wished to explore and place
the treasure they sought within their reach, it would
be unwise, with a rash and impetuous hand, to
force the door. There was no clearer principle in
morals than that prepossession had the power of
swaying the judgment. On this principle, a judge
was disqualified from sitting in judgment m his own
case. The principle was equally true in theory as in
practice. Norv, (said Mr. D.) if we come to this
discussion with one particle of prejudice, our judg-
