584
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
from Missouri [Mr. BentonJ was written, and from which is
derived the f^ct,-thrice repeated, I believe, by the honorable
.senator from Pennsylvania, that five hundred of our citizens
hunters, traders, and trappers, have been murdered by In-
dians among and on each side of the Rocky mountains, and
about the upper Missouri and Mississippi, and perhaps by
the instigation of British traders.- That letter was- written
then This fact was made known to Congress and the coun-
try then; jet you did not abrogate the convention. In I 88,
the Hudson Bay company obtained a renewal of its charter
lor twenty years, the British government reserving, howev-
er, the right, as against the" company," ol colonizing the ter-
ritory embraced by the charter; which is another ol' the hon-
orable senator's reasons for abrogation. This was six years
ago, in Mr. Van Buren's term; yet you did not abrogate it.
In 1839, during the same administration, elaborate reports
were made to Congress from the department lor Indian Af-
fairs, upon the precise subject on which the senator from
Ohio [Mr^LLKN*] has called for and obtained information at
this session, to wit: the practice of the British go\ crnment
and British companies to make piesents to Indians residing
withm our territory, and their general Indian policy, its
principles, and iis workings. This whole subject was lull)
laid open before you then, and yet you did not abrogate the
convention. Ten years ago, just as well as to-day, you
knew that our hunters and trappers could not and uicl not
contend successfully with the Hudson Bay company for the
furs of the Oregon. Yet you did not abrogate it.
So true it is, sir, that without a particle ol evidence of one
single new reason against the convention, without produ-
cing one single fact not perfectly well known for years, sen-
ators now, now, just when, upon the proofs which I have
laid and-shall lay before you, it is conclusively evinced that
the convention is operating in your favor in the Oregon, far
more energetically and far more palpably than ever belore,
multiplying your numbers, extending your influence; now,
too, just when, for the first time, you are able to sit down
to a negotiation on this single subject, disembarrassed
of all other elements of controversy,—this well-chosen
moment is that which senators seize on to take the first step
towards abiogation. I said the thing was incomprehensible
and capricious, and I say so still.
So much in correction of the misapprehension of the hon-
orable senatbr.
Well, then, why would the honorable senator give the no-
tice of abrogation J
Sir, he tells you why. It is to induce Great Britain to
make a good Oregon tieaty It is for the sake ot influencing
that government to do what it would not do without. If you
do not give the notice, he w ill risk his life that she will not
give you a good treaty. If you do, she will, or she may.
This is his exact and exquisite reason.
But, sir, when we, wondering and incredulous, ask how
the notice is to exert so desirable an influence upon Great
Britain, tlic honorable senator semis to me to become far
less explicit than could be wished, or than was to have been
expected. What is the precise information which the notice
is to give her/ What is it to tell her that we mean to do/
The honorable senatoi does not say. 1 mi« something heie
of his habitual directness and clearness of speech, and li ank-
ness ol explanation. May 1 not even complain of this'
True, we have no great difficulty in making out the ominous
and energetic meaning of the notice. We make out well
enough, upon the whole, that it is a declaiation that unless
withm a year Gieat Biitam yields a satisfactory tieatv , we
will at the end of that time assert by foice the exclusive oc-
cupation of the contested region. This we see. But we
have to make it out by argument and inference, and foj put-
ting this pait of the speech of the honorable senatoi with
that part, and reasoning up liom consequences, to causes.
Sir, 1 complain of this Surely, suiely, m a matter of such
transcendent importance, those who influence the public
councils, and hold the public fortune* m their ha.ids, owe
the country the utmost possible frankness and truthfulness
of dealing. This notice, m the opinion ol all heie, is to
work a great change in your relations to one of the tir.>t
powers in the woild; it is to modify a pending negotiation,
on the course and issue of which many anxious hearts,
many vast and delicate inteiests, die suspeuded, it may, in
its results, leave you in all tilings worse than it found you,
it may give you, for peace, a sword Then, sir, ) ou owe to
the people the most unreserved declaiation of your opinion
of its exact and entire meaning, of the exact extent and na-
ture ol the information which it convej s to Great Britain,
of the degiee, and the wa\ in which it commits you; ol how
far and in what direction it engdges your pride and honor
to go, ll it docs not happen to produce the treaty which you
expect. Sir, this business ol war and peace is the people's
business. All measures legislative in their natuie, os \ou
assume this to be, at all tending to endanger the state of
peace, are for them to judge on, trom the beginning to the
end Yes, sir; this all is their business. It is the business
of the larmer, preparing to scatter his seed with teais. and
looking forward to the harvest when he may come bediing
his sheaves with joy, his happy household unse\ered
around him; it is the Business ol the planter; it is the busi-
ness of the merchant in his counting-room, projecting the
enterprises that bind the nations together by a thousand
ties; it is the business of the fisherman oil the deck of his
nigh night-loundeied skirt, of the minister ol the gospel,
and of ail good men; of the w idowed mother with her sai-
lor child, the only son of Ins mothei and she a widow , the
stay and staff of her declining age, whom the stern call ol o
countiy m aims may summon to the deck on which his
father had fallen: it is their business'—and if we deal fairlj
and frankly with them, excellently well will the) perfoim
ill
Nevertheless, sir, it must be admitted that senators tell us
enough to enable us to interpret the whole language w Inch
the notice speaks to Great Britain. It is exactly this: give
us the Oregon by a tieaty. or iu a yeas v\ e w ill take it our-
selves. For the honorable senator informs us that it is to
apprise the British government '-that we at last are in oar-
nest." In earnest, indeed' "Well, what may that mean'
Does not the senator himself insist upon it,"that wc have
been continually asserting our rights, by diplomacy and
otherwise, for six-and-twentv years; that we have never
:• i j't upon them an houi. that, in and out of Congress, we
ha\ e been "earnestly agitating" the question and "earnest-
ly urging" an adjustment of it1 When he advises, there-
fore. to a new measure, which shall admonish England that
wc ate indeed and at last m earnest, he means that it shall
announce something more than continued assertion of title
on paper—more than the harmless and vain quart and tiercv
ol diplomatic conflict; he means that it shall tell her we
have talked enough, and written enough; we now mean to
act. I arrive at the same conclusion by an analysis of other
portions of the senators argument. Great Britain, he says,
will make no treaty while she letains possession and enjoy-
ment, as now she does, of all she wonts She has the whole
country now, and what more should she desire, and how
can she improve her ease by a treaty' We must tell her,
then, he urges, that she shall no longer continue to have all
or any thing that she desires; that the existing status must
and shall be displaced; that the possession is to change
hands, if she does not treat in a twelvemonth. Certainly
this is reasonably clear after all; and I wonderonly, that
what is so palpably meant should not have been more di-
rectly said.
Then, sir, the proposition is, to induce an unwilling gov-
ernment to give us what we seek, by notice publicly com-
municated, that if-it is not given we will take it.
Now, sir, on one point we shall all agree, and it isf that
tins mode ol influencing the diplomacy of a foreign govern-
ment, by announcing m advance what shall be the conse-
quences of certain determinations which it may adopt, is a
thing to be pretty delicately handled. It is a prescription
to be gi\ en in minute quantities, very minute quantities in-
deed. Homcepathic doses 1 think they should be. The pa-
tient should scarcely know what he takes; and the matter
should be altogether between him and hisvconfidential phy-
sician. Skill'ull) administered, it may do good; clumsily
done, it is many thousand times worse than nothing. 1 said,
therefore, on a former occasion, that, since this matter of in-
timating anticipated consequences to a government you
treat with, is one of so much delicacy; since a blunderin
regard to it might produce results with two nations which
the world might have cause long and unavailingly to regret;
since we hold in our hands, not sticks and straws, noryet
more precious yet perishable things, as silver and gold, tut
the lives of men—our more than material interests, our
glory, our histoiy; I thought that, in this view, good sense
and piudence pi escribed that we should leave this sugges-
tion of consequences to be employed in some way in which
it might work all the good of which it is intrinsically capa-
ble, with as little as possible of the evil from which it can
scarcely be kept wholly free. I advised, therefore, and now
advise, that it be all mtiu^tcd to the American negotiator,
the Seeretaiy of State Let him deal with it. Let him, if
lie thinks fit, according to the courtesies of a firm diploma-
cy, enable the British minister to see the whole ground be-
fore him. Sir, we know from the papers ol this morning
who is the Amencan seeretaiy. We know him. I am will-
ing to commit this matter, and all else which is involved m
this negotiation ol Oregon, to that rapid and decisive intel-
lect, that iron nerve, and eneigetic will, in his hands, this
delicate suggestion may be usefully administered. In ours,
published as it is proposed to be by legislative resolution to
the world; discharged as from a battely upon the new min-
ister as he comes ashore, how can it fail to be wholly mis-
chievous?
Dihiegaidmg all such sublunaiy considerations as thete,
the honorable senatoi from Pennsylvania thinks it of no im-
portance how this medicine is given; for England, says he,
has no right to complain, the very convention itself re-
ceives the power to either party to annul it at will upon a
twelve months1 notice, and she has no right or title at all to
the country of Oicgon. Why should she complain, then, of
our giving a notice we have a light to giv e, and of oui driv-
ing her from a place whcieshe has no right to be? Nay,
he seemed to think, that when I intimated a suggestion that
the pioceedmg might, by giwng offence, destroy one
chance, weie it but one m ten thousand of ourohai.ee? for
a tieaty, 1 mannested something like 'a sensitivenesb for
Englivh honoi and foi the f-ake ol England.
Now , sir, all this is. well enough for the smartness: of de
b-ite; but it does not touch, nor begin to touch, the difficulty
The question is notwhether Great Britain deserves to be
threatened, or deserves to be whipped, but whether the
menace or the fulfilment will or w ill not dimmish your
chances ot obtaining a treaty ; It j's a tieaty \\ Inch you say
you desire. It is u treaty w liich the senator fromPennsvl-
v.mid de sues It is a treaty he is prescribing foi. With
ihis in view is it wise or foolish to begin by putting the
other party into a passion? Whether would you rather
treat with a good natured oranangi) government' "V ou
.say the iormei, of course Weil, in not an unreasonable
passion as bad to treat with as a reasonable one* Will not
a threat, felt to bo deserved, or actually deseived, place
the Uneatened part) m at. unpropitious a mood and situation
for sw eet tempeied, conrfeous, and sational diplomacy, as a
thieatwholh undeseived* What is the operation of all
menace.' Vv ii> > it puts the object of it in a condition in
which lie cannot do what he w ould, and what he feels to
be right, lest he be subjected to the imputation of acting
from tear. The justice or injustice of the menace itself
does not help oi hurt the nwittei
Jt i« ol no son of consequence, Hurefore, whether Great
Britain lias y right to t.'ke offence oi not I mean that it is
of no consequence to \oui objects and ) our mteiest1-. It is
ot \ on, not oi hej, that ! <im thinking if is for \ ou, for our
constituents foi our count! \ . ioi out peace, our honor, our
fortunes, ) am anxious not bus: and it is that j ou may ac-
quue what\ Au seek <md u hdt yon desei ve, that 1 counsel
}0n not to lessen joiw ehfuces o* treaty by a menace-
no, noi by an\ act or d(,elai ution \\ Inch may by reasonable
possibility be - o interpreted I hope I may caution my
eluld not to rouse with his little whip a sleeping nnlable
animal, without being told that I caie much about the dog
and little about m) son For\ our own objects, with a pru-
dent and useful selfishness, avoid the appearance ot the
thing.
Sir, we must distinguish If any other conceivable pur-
pose wis expected to be served by this notice, than that of
inducing Gieat Oiiiain to a,i\e as a treaty, you would not
so much regard its possible eri'ect on her temper. You
might give the notice for its other objects, and lor its other
operation; and you might say that vou would not presume,
or, in consideration of other benefits, thai you could afloid
to disregard, unreasonable ill nature. But 5 ou obseive
that the honorable senator from Pennsylvania urges the no-
tice as a mode, and an indispensable mode, oi getting a
treaty. This is exactly and all the good it is to do. It it
will not do that, if it is not Certain that it will do that, it it
may do more harm than good in that precise regard; it, rea-
sonably or not, it may by possibility 1* misinterpreted,
then, on the very principles.upon which it is proposed, you
' will refuse to burn your lingers w ith it.
But the honorable senator agrees that we should not
menace. If this may probably and not wholly unreasona-
bly be taken as a menace, then he agrees it is not to be
given. Well, is it not one? Is it not certain that it would
be so taken ' . ,
Sir, the learning of threats is not recondite nor difficult.
I well remember a reading on the title, by the honorable
senator himself, in this chamber, at the extra'session of
1841 It was in the debate" on the McLeod case, as it was
called. The British minister had demanded that person,
then ill a New oik jail, to be given up, and ho did it in
these terms: "But be that as it may, her Aiajesty's govern-
ment formally demand, on the grounds already stated, the
immediate release ol Mr. JVlcLcod; and her Majesty's gov-
ernment entreat the President oi the Cnited States to take
into his most deliberate consideration the serious nature ol'
the consequences which must ensue 1'iom a rejection oi this
demand.'*
This, sir, was not the language of the Parliament of Great
Britain, speaking to us in the hearing of the whole world.
It was a letter liom a minister to a secretary; and it was
thought, by some who participated in that debate, that it
spoke appi ehension more than menace, that it meant to
shadow out beforehand a possible, uncontrolable, and un-
manageable popular outbreak, of whig, radical, and toiy,
which government must obey. Not so the honorable sena-
tor. He said: "What consequence? What consequence?
Atter the denunciations we had heard in the British Parlia-
ment, and all that had occurred m the course of the previous
correspondence, could anything -have been intended but
the serious nature of the consequences which must ensue
from war with England? And heie let me put a case. I
am so unfortunate as to have a difference with-a friend of
mine. 1 will suppose it to be my friend fiom South Caro-
lina, [Mr. PKE.S1-0N ] 1 know, if you please, even that I am
in the wiong. M) friend comes to me and demands an ex-
planation, adding, at the same time, these words: If you do
not grant the reparation demanded, I entreat you to con-
sider the serious consequences which must ensue from
your refusal. Certain I am there is not a single member of
this Senate, I might say not an intelligent man in the civi-
lized world, who would not consider such language as a
menace, which must be withdrawn or explained before any
reparation could be made."
Now, sir, tiy this case by such a standard and such anil-
lustration. Great Biitam claims a light to the joint and
common occupation of the territory from A-2 degrees to 54
degrees 40 minutes. She is wholly m the wrong; yet she
claims; she has recorded and urged her claim; we have
had a great deal of diplomatic conversation about the matr
tcr; different lines it is said have been proposed, formally or
informally;'there is a sort of mixed, shifting, anomalous
possession, here for hunting, there foi fanning; heie by
British subject?, there by American; and elsewhere, or
mingled together, by French, half-breeds, and Indians. To
some intimation or other of our ministers in 1S27, the Brit-
ish government declared that it did not mean to colonize,
but that if a forcible effort were made to expel her subjects,
they would be defended.
In this state of things precise!)', we, by the executive or-
gan of government, propose to Gieat Britain to settle the
whole by treaty \ou are all wiong, we said, but let us
treat Great Butamagrees to it. hiloimai communications
pas* and repass for a year or two, end at length a British
minister arrives, not a special minister, the senator iiom
Pennsylvania assures us; a general minister, but with no
other subject whatever of importance to attend to than this.
This alone of our British elements of disquie*, this alone, or
this mainly, is left.
The negotiation is ready to begin And let me say that
all this has pioceeded thus far, with the fullest knowledge,
and the most entire virtual acquiescence of the national
legislature. You knew that the last session, you have
known from the first day of this, perfectly well, that the
governments weic negotiating on this subject. The Presi-
dent told us so. The chairman of the Committee on For-
Aflam'told j ou so. Yet you did notmterpose. You passed
no resolution forbidding negotiation, oi sketching its couise,
or embodying an ultimatum. You have drawn no red lines
or black lines, within or without which diplomacy shall not
come. You have virtually consented that the whole sub-
ject of controversy be tieatodon, reserving yourselves to
your great constitutional duty ol ratifying or refusing to
ratify what negotiation shall propose to \ ou. But to nego-
tiation \ ou. the legislature and the executive, agree. To
this the senator fiom Pennsylvania agjees.
Well, the negotiators are taking their seats at table; the
maps aie unrolled, (I hope there aie no led lines this time,
ticired by king or sage.) the publicists aie doubled down in
dogs ears anil all is ready In this precise state of things,
the legislature, w Inch m matters of pending and legitimate
negotiation has no more to do than the army or nav y, puts
its head ousofthe window, and, in a \oice audible all over
the world, ejaculates, "God-speed your lahois. messieurs
negotiators, tieatawa\- v. e are all for a treaty: we arc
deeply anxious to have a tieaty; we aie pining for peace,
but hark yo, of the British side ol that table: if \ ou do not
give us the whole subject m dispute, or just as much oi it as
we desite to have, w e mean to take it b> loicc and jpa'n
strength, in twehe mouths hoi.: tins <]a\ " i j5<ty) sjr, that
looking to time, place, circumstance, to ihe explanatory
speeches and the whole case, this is th,. hjnguaffe. And'l
soy, further, it is menace; and nothing but inv sincere re-
spect and legaxd foi senators w ho propose and urge it pie-
vents m) saying, still further, th?t n is the most indecent,
indecorous,'unintelligible proceeding the world of civiliza-
tion ever witnessed.
The honorable senator from Pennsyh ania. in the course
ofhis able and plausible vspeech. pressed me with some in-
consistencies oi my argument, as he thought them. Cer-
tainly, as he construed and collated the "arguments, they
w ore a look of inconsistency. and I felt, and feei. they will
