S86
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 Oregon Territory—Mr. Choate.
March, 1844.
Senate.
them; we have diffused ourselves over the imperial valley
beyond; we have crossed the father of raveis; the gianite
and ponderous gate? of the Rocky mountains have opened
and we stand in sight of the great sea. He whosechildhood
learned his mother's tongue irora her loved lips, in the ut-
most Noith and East, speaks it to-day in the tones of a roan
on the shores of the Pacific ; speaks it to teach the truths and
consolations of religion and of culture to the wasted native
race; speaks it there, and is still at home! u/iexpatriated, un-
alienated, "his heart, untravelled," still turning to you'
In this fact, recorded and exemplified by all our history
there was revealed a law of growth, which, in the absence
of counteracting causes, would fill all that was worth filling
of the country in dispute.
Such was the first of the facts I urged which make up the
actual present of this question of Oregon.
And, now, what does the honorable senator from Pennsyl-
vania say to this? Does he controvert it, or any part of it?
Certainly not. Does he doubt the existence of a formed, dif-
fused passion for emigrating to Oregon* Not he, indeed!
Does he doubt the agricultural capacities of the country? I
understand him to go the whole length of his friends, the
friends of tfns resolution, in their high estimate of those ca-
pacities. Does he deride and disbelieve the law which seems
to conduct our star of empire westward' O no! Hear him:
"He believed that the system of law and of social order we
enjoyed was. destined to be the inheritance of this continent.
For this it was that the Almighty had put within this entire
nation that spirit of progress, and that disposition to roam
abroad and seek out new homes and new fields of enterprise.
It could not bo repressed: it was idle to talk of it; you might
as well arrest the stars in their course through heaven. The
same Divine hand gave impulse to both. Stop the American
people from crossing the Kocky mountains: You might as
•well command Niagara not to flow. We had a destiny, and
it would be fulfilled."
Sir, how poor, flat, spiritless, prosaic, was all I said, to
this! He talk of my poetry, indeed! Why, compared with
these arrow flights, these eagle flights, of the soaring sena-
tor, 1 crept upon the ground; I abased myself; I lay flat on
my face; I hid my head m the humble reeds!
No wonder, indeed, that the topic inspires him with
"thoughts that voluntary move harmonious numbers."
Yet it has its sad and fearful aspects, too, on which we may,
and soon, have cause to dwell
Tendencies and causes then in actual operation are con-
ducting your people to the occupation ot the whole agricul-
tural Oregon The next question is, arc there anv coun-
teracting agencies actually operating to check and restrain
these tendencies and causes, and thus to keep your people
out? Is the British government and nation now doiugany-
thing? is the Hudson Bay company now doing any thing to
prevent settlers from among yourselves taking up the en-
tire agricultural capacities ol that far west'
Beginning, then, with the British government and nation
at home, as distinct from the Hudson's Bay company, whose
policy requires to be separately examined, 1 said, and suv,
that, upon all the evidence to which I have acees>s, and to
which you all and all the world have equal access, there is
no proof whatever that that government and nation is do-
ing any thing which operates in the slightest degree to keep
out oi to embarrass our agricultural emigration to Oregon.
Do not lose sight of the question That question is, "What
is the existing state of things? "What is that government
doing now! Three years, six months, the next packet may
change everything. But what is going on now >
In the first place, then, 1 said, aud repeat, that 1 see no
proof that that government and nation, or any party or as-
sociation or individual of the British nation at home, are
now carrying on the agricultural colonization of Oregon;
or do now, or ever did, cherish fhe purpose oi colonizing it,
or any part of it, for objects ol dgncultuie
Some piools and considerations having a tendency to
evince that no such thing is doing, and that no such pur-
pose is cherished, were then adverted to. Jn 1827 .Mr.
Gallatin, in a letter to the American Secretary ot State,
observes that the British negotiator declared "there was
no intention on the part of Great Bi itain to colonize the
country (of the Columbia) oi impede the progress of Amer-
ican settlement." And then, through all that serins of colo-
nization and emigration enterprise, beginning in Great
Britain m lS'i6, perhaps as far back as ibid, by which the
Bntish government under successive administrations, 'and
by which associations of private persons, and by which
wise and feeling individual minds, have sought to relieve
the over pressure of population at home by opening new
iiel'ls of British labor and new markets of British goods
abroad—an enterprise which has excited so much interest
and caused so much discussion m Parliament and by the
press, an enterprise which hos carried many hundreds of
thousands of voluntary emigrants to every spot almost oi"
British earth—to Austiaha, New Zealand, the Cape of Good
ilope, the Canadas, New Brunswick, No\a Scotia, and all
the isles of the sea-, in the whole history of this enter-
prise, nobody has proposed to colonize the Oiegon,
and nobody has taken a step that way. The necessity ol
colonudUon on the largest scale has been admitted It
has been forced upon the British public mind. It is most
energetically and successfully acted upon. Colonies are
rising every"where; new fields and new shops of British
labor, new markets of British manufactures; new invest-
ments of British capital, benefiting him w ho emigrates and
him who stays at home; stimulating British production;
"putting the full breast of youthful exuberance to the mouth
of the exhausted parent " Yet no human being has emi-
grated or meditated emigration, that I can see, to the Ore-
gon. The advantages and disadvantages of all these seats
of colonisation have been repeatedly and warmly discussed
in Parliament, and by the whole press, high and low, but
not one word that I can find has been spoken or written of
the Oregon. I referred to a catalogue of books coming un-
der the general denomination of Emigrants' Guides, just
published in London, in which the roving Rnglish reader
may find ^something to induce him to go to almost every
spot on earth or sea, and to show him the way to it, but
not a puff'and not a direction for Oregon. In no paper put
forth by the government, or any association of persons, in
no speech, in no book, in no act of any description, or of
any body, do I see a particle of proof of the existence of a
design' to settle that country for agriculture or for anv thing.
Indeed, when you consider ofhow vast a colonial territory
Great Britain is the admitted exclusive proprietor; a territo-
ry on which her descendants may go on for ages spreading
to hundreds" of millions; a territory more accessible and
towards which the current of emigration is already running;
on which the foundations of new States arc already traced,
and the structures going up, it is not strange that she has
not directed her wandering steps to this last home of man,
where she does not pretend to own an acre by an exclusive
title, and to which we are known to deny her any title at
Well, sir, how does the senator meet this? Why, he says
Great Britain must-colonize. "What! (he exclaims,) not
colonize' It is the indispensable condition of her existence;
she must colonize." Certainly, sir. So J had the honor to
say. But she must not colonize the top of Mont Blanc; and
she must not colonize the dome of St. Paul's church, that I
am aware of; and whether she is colonizing, or meditates
colonizing, the agricultural parts or any parts of Oregon, is
a pure and sheer question of fact, to be settled by the
proofs.
Returning, then, to the proofs, the senator has produced
nothing but the renewal ot the Hudson Bay company's
charter, in which is leserved a right to colonize. It was
my purpose to have remarked on this before, and to urge,
as now-1 do, that it greatly strengthens the position that
the British government has notfoimedthe purpo.se of at-
tempting agricultural settlement in that country. But the
senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchisov,] to whom 1 was re-
plying, not having adverted to this document, it at the mo-
ment escaped my attention.
Sir, the fact is this: In 1837 the company applied for a
renewal ol its license to trade and hunt. To obtain it, a
good story was to be toid, and the Oregon, and all the other
almost unbounded territory on both sides of the Rocky
mountains, to which the license extended, certainly was
described in the color of the rose The British govern-
ment, having such an account of it thrust into their very
faces, determined to introduce into the renewal a reserva-
tion oi the right as against the company to colonize any part
oi the whole country to which the license extended, if dur-
ing the twenty years for which they gave the renewal it
should wish to do so. And this is all But does tins afford
a scrap of evidence that that go\ eminent had then formed.
oHias now formed, the design of colonizing the Oregon'
In the first place, there is no proof of any'one act evincing
shell a design It was a whig administration which in 1838
lenoiveJ the license. That administration held power till
IS'11, anil did nothing on the subject. The tory administra-
tion that succeeded it has done nothing But 1 may go
further. The senator from Indiana, [Mr H^nnfoan,] in his
speech the other day, produced and read the Momm**
Chronicle of, J believe, 22d August, 1813, to prove some
British opinion about the Oregon. I propose to cioss-
examine his \\ i ness; and will put upon the stand for that
purpose the same Morning Chronicle of August 28th, 1843,
six days after the date of the paper from which he read. It
is an opposition paper, and certainly utters itself with a
commendable wrath and freedom. After glancing at cer-
tain easy courses, hy which the present ministry might
have done themselves honor and the state service, the
writer taunts them in the bitterest terms with pursuing a
directly opposite policy; with not doing this from fear of
Louis Philippe, with not doing that from fear ofRussia. and
among other things, with "giving up the Oregon," in con-
sideration of having lost the northeastern boundary before1
Certainly, if the senators witness is a credible one, he ut-
terly disproves all ministerial design of colonizing the
Oie°on.
Take another piece of evidence. Here is an article on
'■tiie lur trade between the northwest coast oi America and
China, "in Fisher's Colonial Magazine, published m London,
April, lfijjt. Very probablj it was written by an agent of
the Hudson Bay company. I read a paragraph, from
page -2: J 1
"It is truly mortifying to reflet on the ignorance, imbe-
cility, and negligence, of the British government, which is
allowing us to be juggled out of this coast, one of the finest
in the world, and unquestionably belonging to us by the
right of priority m discovery "
The last part of the paragraph contains news; but what
docs the senator from Pennsj Ivania say to the former7 He
can hardly rclu«e the tribute of his unwilling admiration to
Ot eat Britain, for the energy with which "she pushes her
rights/' or rather, her claims, without right "She is rush-
ing forward (he &ay>>) to get and keep the country"' Where-
as, here is an unhappy Hudson Bay company proprietor
beating hiy breast and pulhnc out his hair, because he can-
not move such "a dish of skimmed milk" as the British gov-
ernment "to an honorable action " But which to relv on'
I cannot help thinking that this writer has the best means of
knowledge, both of Oregon and England, and he calls
names with a copiousness and heartiness that shows him to
be altogether in earnest
I add a passage or two fiom the British Foreign Review
of January, 181-1. In an article "on the Oregon Territory ''
the writer says. * '
"Upon the whole, theiefore, the Oregon Territory holds
out no sreatpromise as an agricultural field "
" We have seen that Oregon offers, upon the whole, veiy
little inducement to agricultural pursuits v
"For ourselves, we do not set anv great value upon the
country us on emigration field, 'either for England or
America"
I submit, then, sir, that the British government and nation
at home has not formed the design of colonizing the agricul-
tural regions of Oregon. This reservation m the license of
the company strengthen the. proofs of this fact But for that
the senator might say—nay, has said—that the government
had no right as against the company to colonize The ri^ht
is gained, and yet the government does nothin°\ °
Sir, Great Britain is not m the Oregon at all. ONcept m
and by the Hudson's Bay company, She has no fort nor
farm nor town, nor trace of footstep there, except in and
by the Hudson's Bay company. I come now. in the next
^la<ie' ito ^ whether that company opposes the slightest
obstacle, in point of fact, to the entrance of our agricultural
settlers And nothing is more indisputably certain than
that it does not fn one way only does it .seem to be proba-
ble that it will do so.' In oneway it may. Send an armed
mounted force to eject those persons; drive them home,
maimed eind spoiled, upon the sympathies and pride of a
government which has recorded its determination to protect
them from violence, and thus indeed they may become an
obstable to the entrance of American agricultural immi-
gration. But if, avoiding such insanity as-that, you main-
tain the existing state ol things; if, under this convention,
you continue to enter with ploughshare and pruning hook,
and missionary, twenty years more may see them pass
away, as night, to the more congenial desert! At present, i
■ say again, that the company does- not, in point of fact, op-
pose tire slightest possible connteractitig resistance to those
tendencies and causes which are giving to your farmers
the good lands of Oregon.
We must distinguish when we speak of the Hudson Bay
company. As a hunting and trading organization, it is very-
formidable indeed. It wields a largo capital;occupies and
owns a vast region on this side of the mountains, drainedby
the waters of the Hudson Bay > it ha-" a license of trade ex-
clusive of all British subjects over that region, and over
other tracts all but boundless on both sides of the moun-
tains, employs agents of great skill, acquired by long expe-
rience, and exerts a decisive control upon many of the na-
tive races, in the business of obtaining furs, by hunting,
trapping, or trade with Indians. A solitary ship, or a stran-
ger going there once or twice in his life, stands no chance
with such a body as this.
But thus far, sir, the company opposes no obstacle at all
to your agricultural settlement. The truth is precisely
that it is a hunting corporation exclusively; it gives no at-
tention to agriculture; but it permits its retired' servants to
take up farms about and near its trading posts; and, to some
extent, perhaps a hundred of these retired servants have
done so. These persons are the only cultivators of Oregon,
excepting your own countrymen. They are English,
French, and half-breeds. With them your settlers mingle
peacfjably, your missionaries preach to them; and they are
at-this moment coming within your influence; ready to re-
ceive your laws; to be blended with jour countrymen; to
be enfolded in your protecting arms. Meantime, the Hud-
son Bay company pursues its^business of seeking furs; but
these a^re last disappearing; and as the game goes north, the
hunter must follow. The process which is going on, then,
in the Oregon, is exactly this: the hunter state is disappear-
ing, the agricultural state is succeeding; and j our settlers,
the farmer and the missionary, and the retired servants of
the Hudson Bay company, its servants no longer—
these, of# diverse race, but with kindred objects,-and soon
to be a kindred colony, all sprung from you—these are the
instruments who are introducing the agricultural state.
And to this process. I repeat, thus far, the Hudson Bay cem-
pany opposes no hindrance at all.
^ Sir, the pi oofs of all paits of this statement are conclu-
sive. In the first place, that the company, as such, has no
agricultural tastes or employments; and that the discharged
servants are the only farmers, except our own, is certain.
It is no part of its policy, or even of its powers, to colonize
for agriculture. It is a trading company. Its charter makes
it such, its whole corporate business has been to trade and
hunt. West of the mountains it has not a foot of land, by
giant even from England Its title as proprietor is confined
exclusively to lands on this side, drained by the waters of
the Hudson Bay. On the west side it has a license to trade,
and nothing more. It cannot, c\en as against England,
hold; it cannot grant one acre there for independent agri-
cultural occupation.
. 'lhe senator from Pennsj l\arria lias referred to the peti-
tion of the company for a renewal of their license, and to
the papers attending it, for proof that they meditated agri-
cultural undertakings Doubtless, there are some large
and vdgue intimations of «,uch a purpose or such a hope.
But, on a close:- examination, it becomes quite clear that it
is through their discharged servants only that anything ag-
ricultural is to be done, that the companj ren.dins,, as fiom
the it has been, a hunter and tiader, and that in neither
capacity and in neither employmentjus it earned, or does
it expect to earn, any profits, or airy considerable piofits,
on the west side of the mountains. A paragraph or two
will suffice to show this:
"The principal beneiit the company derive from the ex-
clusive license of trade is the peaceable occupation of their
own proper territory, from which thej draw nearly the
whole ol the profits of their tiade, and for the protection of
which the>- ha\ e a right to look to government, in common
w ith the rest of her Majesty's subjects, as the trade of the
country embraced in the royal license is. as yet of very lit-
tle beneiit to them, and affords greater advantages to the
mother country, m the employment of shipping, and in the
revenue arising from imports and exports, than the com-
pany derive from it.
_ "That the Hudson Bay company have the strongest pos-
sible claims upon her Majest) s government for a renewal
of the exclusive license of trade, without any rent or pecu-
niary consideration whatsoever, cannot, I should hope, ad-
mit of a question, alter the explanation 1 have given; but
when it is considered that the greater part oi the country
to which the license applies lCindian country, opened by
treat} to citizens ot the United States of America as well as
to British subjects, and, consequently the license of ex-
clusive trade does not protect the company from the com-
petition of citizens oi the United States, it must appear evi-
dent that no substantial benefit is likely to arise from the
boon we are soliciting, beyond the probable means of af-
fording-peace to our ow n territories. in the tranquillity of
which her Majesty's government ought to feel as deep an
interest as the stockholders of the Hudson Bay company.
"The possession of that country to Great Britain may be-
come an object of very great importance, and we are
strengthening that claim to it, (independent of the claims of
prior discovei j and occupation foi the puipose of Indian
trade.) by forming the nucleus of a colony, through the es-
tablishment of farms, and the settlement of some of our re-
tiring officers end servants as agriculturists "
1 his pctitiort, whatsoever purposes of agricultural achieve-
ment it held out, was presented m 1S37. But that, m truth,
the company has not at all modified its character-and ob-
jects. or become any less exclusively a hunting and trading
company than before, all evidence concurs to prove. Mr.
Greenhow,in his excellent memoir on the subject, pub-
