oomi®s#)NM
general welfajreof the tFnjtted. States; but all duties,
imposts,.and excises, shall be uniform throughout
the United States." Here, the substantive grant
of power was made to Congress "to lay and collect
taxes, duties, and excises;" for what purpose?
"What was the purpose for which this power was
conferred by the constitution?
Here followed the limitation: "to pay the debts
and provide for the common defence and general
welfare of the United States." That is, afternaving
laid and collected the duties, and got the money
into the treasury of the United States, it shall be ap-
propriated to pay the debts, and provide for the
common defence and general welfare of the
United States. Now did not this refer to. the
money collected? What else did it refer to?
Nqw_ if gentlemen wished to. carry out their
doctrines, they must agree, that after Congress
has collected these imposts, duties and exercises, and
got the money into the treasury, it should have the
power to distribute it in bounties to the manufac-
tures. No power was here given to protect manu-
factures ; nothing like it was contemplated by the
framers of the constitution. Were gentlemen wil-
Iing to .come up to that point, and distribute the
money after it has been collected into the treasury?
Gentlemen would not agree to go this far; but they
were for mystifying the matter, and putting into it a
few catch words, such as "home industry," "pro-
tection to American manufactures," &c. Now if
the government had the undoubted right to protect
manufactures, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
declared, they had the right to do it in any way they
saw fit.
Suppose a representative on this floor should in-
troduce a bill, and ask Congress to pass it, to com-
pel], the people of Virginia to purchase all the articles
which they consume from Massachusetts; and sup-
pose Congress was to take upon itself such an exer-
cise of power as to forbid the people of this country
from purchasing from France or from England;
would it not come in collision with the freedom of
the people of the United States^ and would the peo-
ple acquire in its exercise? And yet he would ask
the gentlemen who advocated the act of 3842,
wherein that act differed from the position which he
had just supposed? The object and the result were
the same, mystify it as they might by catch words;
and yet the advocates of that act were loudly-vaunt-
ing lovers of the constitution, and of the people, and
of the liberties of the country. They thus assailed
the very rights and liberties of the people; and then
had the hardihood to come up here and accuse the
democratic party with being a British party, because
they sought to reduce these imposts which pressed
so heavily on the people. The decision of that
question, however, he (Mr. McDowell) was will-
ing to leave to the people of the United States, who
were able to judge which was the American and
which the British party.
He then proceeded to notice the operation of the
tariff act. It was designed by its framers to be a
protective tariff; and to be so, it must necessarily be
so high as to be prohibitory. In being so, it in effect
said to the producer "you shall not purchase from
* France or from England;" although the producer
sold his produce to those countries at as high a
price as he could possibly procure. He denied that
one interest could be thus protected by trampling on
another. He had stated the constitutional objects
for which taxes were to be raised; and if any inci-
dental protection resulted, he had nothing to say;
but the object should not be protection, and the in-
cident revenue. Revenue should be the object, and
protection the incident.
It had been assumed on this floor that the com-
promise act of 1833 had brought this country to al-
most irretrievable ruin; but by reference to a mass
of statistical facts, he showed that the exports of the
country were greater under that act than under a
high tariff; and, consequently, that under its opera-
tion, a greater amount of specie was brought into
the country. It was the industry of the country,
then, that brought into it the precious metals, tie
gave statistical statements of the exports, amount of
tonnage and manufactures by them all, to show that
the country had retrieved itself under a low tariff,
and recovered from the effects of a high rate of duties
He noticed the embarrassment created a few years
ago by a deranged currency, and argued that it was the
industry of the country alone, and the exportation
of its produce, which had restored it to a state of
prosperity. The manufacturer enjoyed the pros-
perity which the producer had occasioned; but to
the manufacturer they could not attribute this in-
crease of capital. He illustrated' this position
largely, by supposing an investment of money in
Ross county, Ohio, in the grain produced in that
ana the adjoining counties, its conversion into flour,
and transmission to, and sale in, England. It was
there sold at a profit, after paying the English im-
port duty, ana a return cargo in part, and specie
payment in other part, added both to the capital for
future operation, and to the revenue of the country
by the_duties on the return cargo, which were paid,
lie said his constituents were chiefly farmers, and
all they asked was to be let alone. He then noticed
the injurious effect on the shipping and ship-build-
ms interests, of a high protective tariff.
Mr. McD. next examined the argument that the
protective system tended to cheapcn goods to the
consumer; and he proceeded, by a variety of argu-
ments and illustrations, to expose the fallacy of that
doctrine. Mr. McD., in conclusion, said that the pro-
tectionists, by the extravagant extent to which they
were carrying the system of bounties, were driving
the country fast to a system of direct taxation.
They had stigmatized the opponents of a high tariff
as being the advocates of free trade, and, conse-
quently, of direct taxation; but he told them that
they alone were the favorers of direct taxation; for
their doctrines led to it.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL addressed the commit-
tee in favor of the protective system and the tariff
act of 1842, and argued to them that this act had
greatly tended to promote the welfare and prosperity
of the country.
He went into an examination of the arguments
used on tills floor, drawn from the squalid misery
in' England under the protective system; and he
said the authorities which depicted that misery and
wretchedness, also described the splendor and marks
of wealth which that country everywhere presented.
He denied, then, that this system produced all the
evils that were there so painfully visible; much must
be attributed to the density of its population, and
much to the improvident habits of the people, their
slothfulness, &c. There were likewise other causes
tending to the same end. He entered into the sub-
ject at great length.
Mr. SEYMOUR next took the floor, and made
an argumentative speech in opposition to the bill,
showing the evils that would result from the with-
drawal of the protection it afforded to domestic in-
dustry, and dwelling on the benefits that had result-
ed from the protective system.
In the article of wool, he said the duties had been
so fluctuating as to be almost destructive; and he
contended that the country required some fixed*
policy. He went largely into illustrative facts, and
then went into an examination of the English sys-
tem, showing the great discrimination made by that
government between the duties on importations
from her own colonies and from foreign countries.
He quoted statements of the number of deaths by
starvation in England, Ireland, and Scotland; and
showed the increase of the poor rates. The dis-
tressing state of the population of England was
shown by various other facts; and yet the British
minister refused to change his system by which
American products were excluded; and then he
asked if they were here so to alter the system adopt-
ed in this country, as to permit that pauper labor of
Great Britain to be brought into competition with
the labor of our own artisans and mechanics.
Mr. CHAPPELL then obtained the floor, and
gave way to
Mr. WELLER, on whose motion the committee
rose; and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr RUSSELL: The petition of sundry inhabitants of
Delaware county, New York, praying for the reduction of
postage and the abolition ofthe franking privilege: xefened
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
By Mr. DANA: The petition oi 72 inhabitants oi' Ulysses,
Tompkins county. New York, for a reduction of postage
and abolition of the hanking privilege: referred to the Urn-
mitteo on the Post Ofiico and Post Roads. Al'.o, additional
documents in relation to the claim ot Elisha Morrell, admin-
istrator, &c.: referred to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
By Mr. HAYS: The papers and documents of the heirs of
David Crosby, a soldier of the revolutionary uor proving
relief Also, the papers and documents of the heirs of George
Clark, a revolutionary soldier, praying for relief Al«.o, the
papers and documents of the heirs of Abraham Karrar, a sol-
dier of the revolution, praying relief. Also, the petition and
documents of Nathaniel Squier, a soldier m Wayne's cam-
paign, praying for relief: referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions.
By Mr. THOMAS SMITH: The petition of Abraham C ran-
dall, praving Congress. to allow himApension, in conse*
(juence,oi disability from sickness brought on by. servic&ia
the late war against Great Britain: referred to the Comtnit*
tee on Pensions. - . '
IN SENATE.
- Friday, May 8,1844- . , , ,
Mr, TAL-LMADGE presented the petition of Ephr&im
Whitiker, an officer of the revolutionary war, asking inte-
rest on the commutation he has heretofore received: .refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. > , .
Also, a memorial from citizens of Qswego county, New
York, remonstrating against any alteration of the present
tarifl": referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial from Ontario, New York, remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the United States: re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. -- .
Mr. ATHERTON presented a petition from John' Sto'np,
asking for a pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions;
Mr. PORTER presented the petition of Fanny Murphy,
asking for a pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the memorial of sundry
citizens of Lee county, Illinois, praying that no change may
be made in the present tariff law: referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Also, a memorial signed by three hundred and twenty-five
citizens of Detroit, remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas to the United States: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. B'REESE offered the following resolution; which was
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office "and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail-stage route from Olney, in Richmond county,
to Louisville, in Clay county, and thence, by Nicholsville
and Jerold's, to Vanaalia, in Fayette county, in the State of
Illinois.
The general orders were then called, but not proceeded
with, a quoium not being present, nor expected to be present
till Monday; whereupon,
The Senate adjourned to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 3, 1844.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill to dispense with certain custom-house oaths.
A bill to facilitate the proof of the marriage of persons
dairying to be widows of officers and soldiers of the revolu-
tion, in making their applications undei the pension laws of
the United States
A bill to prohibit public executions of criminals under the
laws of the United States.
A bill to confer on the United States consuls, resident in
British ports, jurisdiction in controversies between Ameri-
can citizens.
Mr. VANCE, by leave, from the committee of Claims, to
which u as referred ths bills from the Senate of the follow-
ing titles, viz:
An act for the relief of Ephriam D. Dickson; and
An act for the relief ©f W m. R. Davis;
Reported the same without amendment, and they were re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole.
Mi. G. W. JONES moved the reconsideration of the vote
of yesterday on the adoption of the resolution directing the
Committee on Public Buildings to have certain reports,
specifications, plans, and estimates of the various proposi-
tions for alterations and improvements in the public build-
ings, printed.
Mr. PRATT, chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings, explained the necessity of having jproper estimates and
diagrams for the war and navy buildings, which subject
would soon be brought before the House; that his object
was to place it fairly before the House, that each member
plight act understandingly. It was a mere trifle of expense,
and he was the last man that would ask anything but what
he could show to be of absolute necessity and true econo-
my. He regretted to state that there never had been a map
oi the public grounds furnished for the use of the Committee
on Public Buildings, though it was an aecommotion exceed
ingly desirable. However, he was perfectly willing the
matter be referred to the Committee on Engraving.
The motion having been carried,
On motion of Mr G. W. JONES, the resolution was re-,
ferred to the Committee on Engx-aving.
DEBATE ON THE TARIFF.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and
resumed the considerationof the tarifl' bill.
Mr. CHAPPELL, who had the floor, observed that, if this
government could be contented to confine itself within its
legitimate, constitutional sphere, the business which was
this morning engaging the attention of the committee would
be marked by a peispicuous and easy settlement. The
question was one of raising the ways and means for sup-
porting the government of the country, and of meeting its
obligations. Such, he repeated, was the pure question be-
lore the committee; and in the determination of that ques-
tion, the c.'idinal consideration, which should overpower
and silence all others, was the extent of the wants of the
government, and the extent to which it was necessary to
l<)y burdens on the people, for the purpose of meeting the^e
wants. Who would controvert that proposition? Who
would rise before this House, and this country, and deny it
m terms1 Who would face the Amcncan people—the tax-
paying, burden-bearing, goverment-supporting people of
this country—and controvert the proposition that, on a
question ol imposing taxes and burdens on them, the ovei-
powering considerations were what he maintained, viz: the
extent ol the wants of the government, and the extent to
which the buidens should be laid on the people. He would
not detain the committee with an argument to demonstrate
the truth of a proposition which carried its truth on its face.
It seemed to have been the opinion of many that this was
a country in which the people were lightly burdened for
public and political purposes—a country in which the dt«
mands upon the earnings of labor weie small, for the frugal
