574
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
support of our free institutions;, and for aught he knew, it
m%lit be that this supposition—this false imagination
that seemed to have taken- possession of those minds,
had also induced the belief that there was little aug-
mentation of the burdens of the people beyond what
was necessary for the support of the government. Ay,
sir, (said Mr. Chappell,) so cheap is the govern-
ment under which we live, so little do the people pay for its
support, that they have something to spare from their la-
borious earnings, aitd frdm their thrifty savings, for the
flotitishment arid advancement of individuals and classes.
He asked the attention of the committee and the country to
the state of facts in relation to the burdens which now rest
on'the people—burdens which must be met -,by taxation.
We have been (said he) too much in the habit of supposing
that all'the exactions to which the people are subjected are
what are wanted for the support of the government, not
turning our eyes to the whole extent'of the question, and
not comprehending the various and complicated machinery
by which their hard earnings are wrung from them. We
have (said he) been somewhat thoughtless in imposing the
burdens which the people must necessarily bear, and some-
what inconsiderate in placing on them burdens not necessa-
ry for the support of government. In addition to the twenty
bullions of money annually, which, on all hands, it is con-
ceded is necessary for the suppbrt of government, the peo-
ple are subjected to the expense of supporting twenty-six
State governments.
He would not attempt to vouch for the precise amount of
taxation to which the people were subjected for the support
of the government of tliis country; but, from the knowledge
which he possessed, he would suppose that, on an average,
the sum was not less than $200,000 per annum for the sup-
port of each separate State government. There was, in ad-
dition, the District of Columbia and the government of the
Territories, lor which the people must bear taxation, rais-
ing the sum probably to the amount of $6,000,000. There
was, besides, not only this government, but, in every State,
county purposes for which taxes were imposed, and also
eity and corporate towns) with their local governments and
institutions. For all these purposes, the people were taxed
to an amount probably notifess than $30,000t000 eVery year:
and he asked, under what pretext a people so burdened
could be heavily taxed, on the ground of the lightness of the
taxes to which they are subjected' And taxed for what/
I1 or the sake of sustaining, cherishing, promoting, and en-
riching the manufacturers and certain other great interests,
with which this government seemed to have fallen in love.
The true and only principle by which they could be justi-
fied in thus drawing money from the pockets of those
whom they lepreaented, and for whom they legislated, was
that the government needed the monev ; but there would be
no justification found in building tip individual or sectional
interests.
He proceeded to show that, in the eailier and purer stage
£ tor^'no sucil luUust legislation was attempted;
but the growing strength of the manufacturing interest had
emboldenfed them, and enabled them to demand and obtain
legislation by which the whole country was put under a
system df t&xatitm for the augmentation of their strength.
He traced the progress of that s> stem to the period of litiJli-
ncationand the compromise act, and said that if theic were
any circumstances under which the people ol any State of
wou^ authorized, without blame, to resort to
the high and perilous sovereign remedy ofnulliiicatjon,itwas
in such a case as that which reached the acme of aggrava-
tion, by the tariff act of 1828. He briefly noticed the proviso
of the tariff act of 1844, by which the distribution policy was
suspended whenever duties exceeded 20 per cent., accord-
ing to the afUngement df thfe compromise act; and then pro-
ceeded to show that, when this country wag involved In a
debt amounting to $200,000,000, no such duties were pro-
posed as those which were levied on the people at thJs pe-
riod of inconsiderable indebtedness.
Mr. O. referred to the debts of the several States, and of
the incorporated citics of the Union, at the time the act of
1843 was pasH'd; and, in addition to that, portrayed the state
of distress and embarrassment then prevailing throughout
the country, when the additional burdens of that bill were
imposed on the people. Passing by the general distress of
the country, the embauassnients of the States, and the
heavy burden already laid on the people for the support of
the government, lie said that the whig Congress of 1842 had
passed a tariff imposing on all the necessaries oi hie duties
doubly, trebly higher than revenue purposes requued, and
he submitted whether a consideration of these circumstan-
ces did not require of Congiess to undo this deed of injus-
tice and oppiessjon.
Mr. C. then noticed the vaxious arguments used by the
friends of the protective system, as an excuse foi fastening
it upon the country—such as "the necessity of a home
market," "the balance of tiade,'' "specie leaving the coun-
try,"and the necessity of being prep^ipd for a stote of war.
Mr. C. concluded his remarks by repljing to and refuting
all these propositions.
Mr. SEVERANCE ob served that the gentleman who pre-
ceded him had enlarged somewhat on the obligation which
he supposed was imposed on Congress to preserve the com-
promise act. Now he acknowledged no such obligation.
Neither his constituents nor their representatives, at any
time, had been parties to that compromise; and they were
not disposed to abide by it.
He believed that the tiue inteiests of the couutiv re-
quired a protection in its manuiactures, and this protection,
he believed, enured to the benefit of the laborer lather than
the capitalist The gentleman who pieceded him said that
all our protective laws w ore lor the benefit of the rich cap-
italist. This was a mistake. All our piotective laws weie
for the benefit of labor. There was no duty on money, and
the foreign capitalist had a light to come into the counti\ ,
and establish a manufactory The piotectiou, therefore,
was to the laborer only. The controversy that was now-
going on m this country, in relation to the policy of pro-
tecting manufactures, would, he was happy to say, result in
a victory by the friends of protection. He knew there
were many who were for half-way measures, and giving in-
cidental protection, under the name of a revenue tariff'; but
the system of protection itself must in the end prevail. We
lay (said Mr, S) a prohibitory protection for the benefit of
commerce mmany respects, Foreign vessels cannot enter i
into the. coasting trade, nor arfc they admitted into our ports
on the same footing as American Vessels;
After speaking on the relative value of manufacturing and
agricultural exports, he entered into "an argument in lavor
of protection, and contended that low duties would destroy
both protection and revenue. The bill under consideration
he held to be thus dangerous-to all the interests of the coun-
try He examined it somewhat in detail, to show that his
position was sound and tenable..
Mr. MURPHY then obtained the floor, and addressed the
committee at lerigth in faVor of the bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL, after some preliminary remarks, ob-
served that the subject under debate was the bill brought in
by the Committee of Ways and Means, arid the subject un-
der consideration was the amendment of the honorable gen-
tlemanfrom New York, to increase the duty fixed by the
bill on coarse wool. As the gentleman who offered the
amendment,-after speaking on the general "subject, was pre-
vented by the operation oi the hour rule from advocating it,
he would endeavor to say a few words in its behalf.
He quoted from a table to show the effect of the tariff'of
1841, on coarse wools, and next examined the constitution-
al power to raise revenue by duties on imports. He con-
tended that the tariff' of 1842 was not productive of more
revenue than the exigencies of the country required; and
he opposed the bill under consideration because it would
unsettle a sjstem which was good both to the govern-
ment and to all the interests which w ere affected by it. He
elaborated his argument at great length.
Mr. DARRAGH addressed the committee m favor Of the
protective system, contending that it hacl always operated
beneficially on the country. The act of 184*2 particul5trly
had produced the most favorable results; and he traced the
return of the country to prosperity, partly to the operations
of that law. He looked upon the protective system as the
settled policy of the country; and, though often assailed, it
had always triumphed. It was not now a sectional or a
party question; it was advocated by men of both parties,
and from all sections of the country, and must, therefore,
triumph in the end. He said that the assaults which had
been made on this system were not prompted by principle,
but were made for political effect; and instanced the agi-
tation Of tjiis question alwajs at periods preceding the
presidential election.
Mr. D. eilteied into a brief argument to show the con*
stifutionality of protection to manufactures, and then re-
turned to the act of 1842, which he advocated and defended.
He took a rapid review of the system pursued by the British
government from an early period to the present day, both in
that country and towards this, (then her colonies,) for the
protection of her manufactures; and insisted that it was the
duty of the government to protect the industiy of the coun-
try, and to establish a system that shall be permanent.
Oil motion by Mr. KING of Massachusetts,
The committee rose, and reported progress.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered a resolution to giant the
use of the hall o  Sunday evening next to the Friends „of
Peace to hold a meeting.
Mi. REDING objected.
Mr. (i JOHNSON movt-d to suspend the rules; but a quo-
rum not voting—
Ori motion by Mr. WELLER,
The House adjotiined.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. SLIDELL: The memorial of citizens of Louisiana,
in favor of Benjamin Kitchen, an officer of the revolution,
applying for a pension.
By-Mr. LA BRANCHE: The petition of Jacob Barker, for
compensation for difference of a loan made, See., heretofore
referred: referred to the Committee oil the Judiciary.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of M. Robinson, John J.
Clyde, and numerous others, citizens of Dauphin county,
Pennsylvania, protesting against any interference with the
tariff'of 1S42.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of G. C. Buell, and 34
others, citizens of Indiana, praying the establishment of a
mail route, from Lafayette to Michigan city, via Rensselaer,
John Jones's, Valparaiso, and City West.
By Mr. KIRKPATRICK: The memorial of the corporation
of Georgetown, requesting an appropriation of $o,000, to test
the project of W. S. Colquhoun, lor removing sand bars;
which was referred to the Committee for the' District of
Columbia
By Mr. WRIGHT of New Jeisey: The memorial of
Silas Merchant, and 115 others, citivens of Newark, New
Jersey, protesting against any change in the present tariff'
law.
By. Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of John Bcnnet, and
others, citizens of franklin county, Missouri, prajingthe
establishment of a mail route from Port William, in Franklin
county, to the Little Prairie, in Craw ford county Missouri.
AJ>iO, the petition of Charles R Jeffries, and 97 others, citi-
zens of Fianklm county. Missouri, praying the establish-
ment of a post route fiom Port William, "m said county of
Franklin, to Little Prairie, Crawford county, Missouri, which
were both referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
By Mr LYON: The petition oi Isaiah Burson. of Kalama-
zoo county, Michigan, asking Cong:e«s to repeal a certain
portion of the patent law of 1836: referred to the Committee
on Patents. Also, two petitions lrom citizens of the county
of Kalama/oo, Michigan, asking Congress to piovidc for im-
proving the enhance into the mouth of the Kalamazoo riv
er: referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Also, the petition of 64 inhabitants of the coun-
ty of Allegan, Michigan, asking the establishment of a post
route from Grand Rapids, in Kent county, by way of Alle-
gan, the county seat of Allegan county, to Paw Paw, the
county seat of Van Buren cwunty in said State.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 4, 1844.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS, by leave, presented a resolution of the
legislature of the State of Pennsylvania in favor of an appro-
priation for rebuilding the piers erected in the river Dela-
ware, at or near Port Penn; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. RHETT, by leave, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, made an unfavorable report upon the petition of the
American Colonization Society and others, for an appropri-
ation of money in aid of said society; which report was
laid upon the,table.
THE TARIFF. -
On themoiion of Mr-McKAY, the House resolved-itself
into Committee of Whole On the state of the Union, (Mr.
Hopkins in the- Chair,) arid resumed ftie consideration of
the bill to amend and modify the tariff'act.
Mr. A. KENNEDY said, until yesterday he had had no in-
tention to participate in this debate on the bill; but some
remarks wnich were made in the course of yesterday had
prompted him to say a" word or two. He was a member of
this House when the tariff* bill of 1842 was passed, and, un-
til yesterday, he had heard all the defenders of that bill de-
fend it on the ground that it was a revenue tariff'only; but
yesterday one gentleman [Mr. Dariugh] had avowed
that it was not a revenue bill, but a bill to protect one class
of the industry of the country gt the expense of another.
That gentleman said to the people Of the West, in very in-
telligible language, The people of Pennsylvania are so deep-
ly involved in debt that, for Heaven's sake, do sot refuse to
give us this bounty until we redeem ourselves. Now, if
that was the true intent of the tariff' act, he (Mr. K.) should
like it to be clearly presented to the American people.
Hitherto no man had ventured to defend a protective tariff-
even the whig candidate for the presidency had disavowed
"protection, for protection sake;" but the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had taken new ground: he insisted that pro-
tection, and not revenue, was the object of the act of 1S4*2;
and lie stated that the banners used in the Baltimore proces-
sion showed the feelings and wishes of the people to be in
favor of a protective tariff*.
He begged distinctly to be understood as saying, that no
man, m his section of the country, was opposed to a tariff
as a tax measure. There was no person who expected tc
receive^the benefits of the American government, without
furnishing the necessary means to carry the government ©h>
but when the government went beyond that point, and ex^
ercised the power to protcct particular classes of the coun-
try, it travelled out of the limits of the constitution, and of
all just government; and he might be permitted to say, that
any people, who weie situated as his constituents were, that
would submit to have the power of this government used
to take out of their pockets the product of their hard labor,
to be given in the shape of bounties to their fellow-citizens
in other portions of this Union, would be no longer worthy
to form part of the household of this great lepublic. It
might be said that the manufacturers requiied these boun-
ties to enable them to avoid the dire necessity of going to
the western country, and making their home among the
savages ofthe far West, (as they were considered,) and be-
coming demi-savages themselves; but if they supposed the
people of the West would tax then industiy to keep the
manufacturers in their distinctive character, they were very
much mistaken. Such a supposition would argue that the
western farmers were held to be inferior to the manufac-
turers; and that, as inferiors, or serfs, they could be de-
spoiled of the product of their labor for the advantage of
those who affected a superiority over them. He begged
gentlemen not to deceive themselves. The manufac-
turers had chosen their locality and their pursuits, and
they must be satisfied with their condition and their
circumstances. Why should the West thus be taxed
for the benefit of any portion or inteiest of this coun-
try? Would the manufacturer base it on the richness ofthe
western soil, and the superior advantages and -possessions
of the western farmer? Let the manufacturer, then, aban-
don his pursuits, if they are not productive; and join the
western farmer, and participate in his labors, and the prod-
uct of his labor; but, in God's name, let him not expect the
products of the industry of the West to be tiansfei red to the
pockets of the manufacturer of any other portion of the
country. The people of the West were not opposed to the
manufacturing interests, or any branch of those interests;
but they expected every branch to support itself. He would
advise the tariff' gentlemen not to push their schemes too
far. Even a revenue tariff' imposed a tax on the consumer
to the advantage of the manufacturer, as a matter of neces-
sity. The country must have revenue, and they did not ob-
ject to the incidental protection which was afforded by a
revenue tariff; but to expect that they would submit to
more, was to suppose them unworthy of the blessings of a*
free government. The only ground on which a protective
tariff had been defended was, that it reduced the price of
commodities to the consumer; but that was too shallow a
humbug to be available longer as a deception of the people.
The consumer now not only paid the amount ofthe revenue,
but the expense of its collection; and to this extent the man-
ufactuier was protected, and with that he should be satis-
fied. The time had been when the compromise act was ad-
vocated by all parties; but he did not now blame the repre-
sentatives of the manufacturing interests for using their ex-
ertions to procure bounties for those whom thev represent;
but he would ask if the western consumer would be deemed
worthy of his paiticipancy in this free government, if he
submitted to it.
Mr. K. said that the agricultural portion ofthe community
would submit a long time to oppression while there was a
hope of ultimate relief; but so soon as it should be ascer-
tained to be the settled policy of the country that one por-
tion of it was to bear not only the whole burdens of govern-
ment, but be taxed for the sake of giving bounties to other
portions, \hen society would be dissolved into its original
elements. The people would not long submit to this sys-
tem oflegalized robbery; and whenever th^t miserable hum-
bug that a high tariff' made low prices should be exploded—
and it would take long to do that—they would rise in the
majesty of theii stiength, aud piouounceits condemnation.
There were no differences between the North and the South,
and the East and the West, that could not be easily harmon-
ized. The whole continent might be token into the Union,
and there would be no conflicting interests to distract our
counsels, provided the government would do its duty and
not seek to aggrandize one section at the expense of an-
other. If the government would confine itself to its legiti-
mate sphere of action, nothing but peace and harmony
would prevail. But whenever the government wields the
