$7*.
CONGRESSION ALaLOm
might have an opportunity of speaking on the sub-
ject.
CONTINUATION OK THECUMBEKLAND ROAD.
The bill making appropriations for the continu-
ation of the Cumberland road th rough the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, was the next in order.
The question pending was on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. ATHERTON called for the yeas and nays
on this question, which were ordered; and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
yeas 23, nays 12, as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Beston, Breese, Choatu, Crittenden', Fulton, Hannegan-,
Jarnagm, Johnson, Merrick, Morehead, Porter, Semple,
Sevier, Simipons, Sturgeon, Tappan, White, and Wood-
bridge—23. " .
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Atherton, Bagby, Berrien-, Clay-
ton, Evans, Fairfield, Haywood, McDuftie, Mangum,
Phelps, and Woodbury—12.
.* OREGON.
The next bill on the special orders was Senate
bill 23, to encourage the settlement of the Oregon
Territory. ;
Mr. ATCHISON observed that when the resolu-
tion to give notice to the British government of the
discontinuance of the convention of joint occupation
y?as up, the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, had .from a source deemed authentic, inform-
•d the Senate that a negotiation was on foot, which
probably would adjust the. Oregon question before
the close of the present session; and the arrival of a
British minister to carry on that negotiation had
been urged as areason for postponing action on the
present bill till a late period of the session.
He now understood from the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, that probably
some days would elapse before he could say what
would be the result of the negotiation. Under these
circumstances, he (Mr. A.) would not now press
for the consideration of the bill, but would wait a
few days, with an understanding that it should be
acted upon in sufficient time before the close of the
Bession.
Mr. ARCHER was understood to say that he
would take the earliest opportunity of giving the
senator the necessary information, to enable him to
fix a day for calling it up agaiif.
The general orders were then resumed.
COMPENSATION IN THE NAVAL SERVICE FOR
LOSSES AT SEA.
The Senate bill, 101, supplementary to the act
entitled "An act to regulate the pay of the navy of
the United States," was next taken'up; and its con-
sideration, as in committee of the whole, was re-
sumed, the question pending being on the amend-
ments offered by the senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Choate] when the bill was before under dis-
cussion.
Those amendments were, in the second section, to
make the compensation, by shipwreck or accident,
in case of the loss of the vessel, for any petty officer,
sergeant, or corporal of marines, $60, instead of §25,
proposed by the bill; for a seaman, marine, lands-
man, on service, or fireman $50, instead of $20; and
for a boy $20, instead of $15.
Mr. BAYARD objected to this increase of com-
pensation. It would, in the case of a first class
frigate being lost, make an addition of fifty per cent,
to the amount conceived necessary for compensa-
tion to the class coming under the denomination of
petty officers, seamen, and marines. The allowance
proposed by the bill would, on a first class frigate,
be for them about $20,000; to which the amend-
ments, if adopted, would add $10,000. It was not
proposed nor intended to give full compensation for
everything lost by the crew; the object was to make
a reasonable and ratable compensation for part of
each individual's loss. The committee had been
guided in fixing the rate of compensation by the
regulations in the English naval service, with this
exception, that a much larger proportionate allow-
ance was made for losses sustained by the petty
officers, seamen, and marines, than in the British
service.
Mr. CHOATE reiterated the arguments he had
used in support of his amendments when they were
before under consideration; and maintained that, to
make the bill equitable, it was but just to allow $60
to a petty officer whose actual loss was at least
$100; and $50 to a sailor, marine, or ordinary hand
in the service, whose actual loss was $80, so as to
make the proposed allowances proportionate to
tlio&e of the officers whose losses were not greater
in proportion. -
Mr. WOODBURY was in favor of the amend-
ments proposed by the senator from Massachusetts.
He considered the whole matter resolved itself into
this: that a maximum allowance, wag to be fixed by
the bill, beyond wjiich the Navy Department could
not go. But'it was clear that the department would
have to investigate each application, and where no
loss was incurred', no allowance would be made; but
the compensation would be in reference to the actual
loss, keeping in view the maximum allowance,
which was not to be exceeded.
Mr. BAYARD explained, that the committee,
in framing the bill, had taken great pains to fix upon
the scale laid down. They had consulted with ex-
perienced naval officers, who approved of this scale.
He therefore saw no necessity for the extension now
proposed.
Mr. CHOATE, as a counter evidence of naval
.officers, read extracts from the letter he had quoted
from on a former occasion, showing that the aver-
age of loss sustained by each petty officer on the
Missouri was $100, and each seamen, marine, and
fireman $80.
The question was then taken on Mr. Choate's
amendments, and they were adopted.
Mr. ALLEN renewed his motion; made when the
bill was before under discussion, to strike out the
sebond section, [that specifying the scale of compen-
sation, as a general law.]
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to amend the second
section before the question was put on striking it
out. His amendment was to strike out the word
"otherwise" in the beginning of the section which
runs thus:
Sec. 2. Jhid be it further enacted, That whenever
any ship or vessel of the United States shall be lost
by shipwreck or otherwise, an allowance shall be
made to the officers and crew of said ship, for losses
sustained by them, according to such scale and un-
der such regulations as shall be established by the
Navy Department: Provided, &c. [specifying the
grades of officers and crew and respective allowances]
and insert in place of it the word "capture," so that
it would read "lost by shipwreck or capture," &c.
His object was to exclude such a wide latitude as
the word "otherwise" admitted of, and to confine
the general law to mere cases of shipwreck or cap-
ture.
Mr. ALLEN suggested to his friend from North
Carolina that it would be better to suspend his mo-
tion to amend till the question was taken on stri-
king out the section, as that reached at once the
whole principle.
The CHAIR observed that the usual course was
to perfect the section by amendment before the ques-
tion of striking out was taken.
Mr. ALLEN did not oppose the course pointed
out; he only suggested the propriety of testing the
sense of the Senate on striking out the section;
which might save the time of amending it.
Mr. HAYWOOD ' remarked that the course sug-
gested by the senator would not exactly reach the
object he had in view; for, if his amendment were
adopted, it would render the section acceptable to
him, because it would exclude the case of the Mis-
souri, which he wished to see put upon its own mer-
its as a separate measure. If his amendment were
not adopted, he should vote for striking out the sec-
tion.
Mr. BAYARD observed that the Navy Depart-
ment would have control of the matter. He would
have no objection to adopting the language of the
act of 1800, which was, "vessels wrecked, lost, or
destroyed."
Mr. HAYWOOD thought the word "destroyed"
equally indefinite as the word "otherwise." It
was only in an extreme case, such as shipwreck or
capture, that a general provision should be
made, compensating innocent sufferers for indi-
vidual losses. The mischief of holding out com-
pensation for losses by fire, while a ship lay at
anchor in harbor, was apparent. It might lead to
neglecfof duty, or exertion to save the vessel, the
chance of escape being at hand
This point was discussed at considerable length
by Messrs. BAYARD, CHOATE, and HAY-
WOOD; after which, the vote was taken on Mr.
Haywood's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD observed that, as an opportunity
would offer when the case of the Grampus came up,
to include the case of the Missouri, he would, in or-
der to divest this general law of all special legitsla-
tion, move to strike.out-the fourth section, [relating
to the Missouri steam frigate.]'"
This amendment was adopted. ' So the fourth sec-
tion was stricken out..
The question then recurred on Mr. Allen's mo-
tion to strike out the second section; upon which
'Mr. BREESE called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. TA-PPAN moved to amend the section in
the third line, before the question was put on striking
out. His amendment was, to insert after the word
otherwise, [before quoted,] the words "except cap-
tured by an enemy."
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on striking out the second
section,
Mr. ALLEN recapitulated his arguments on the
subject when the bill was before under considera-
tion, and showed that the only safe course was to
trust to special legislation upon each case as it
should arise in the naval service. As a new point,
he showed that it was absurd to ground the merits of
this bill on the experience of the British naval
service: for that experience for two hundred years
had been against any general law on the subject; and
the only real experience of this new principle, which
could be relied upon, was that which resulted from
the adoption of the order in council of 1840. But
no proof had been offered even of that short expe-
rience. It was altogether an experiment yet to be
tried in the British naval service. It was one which
he did not wish to -see tried in the American naval
service.
Mr.- BAYARD replied that the commission ap-
pointed by the British government to inquire into
the expediency of such a law in 1838, had been com-
posed of the highest and most experienced officers
in the military, naval, and civil service of the coun-
try, and, after two years of labor and investigation,
and the examination of a great number of witnesses,
they had come to the conclusion that such a regula-
tion was indispensably necessary for the good of the
service. It was no argument to say that improve-
ments should not be adopted, because for centuries
the world had done without them. The necessity
for this improvement had been established by long
experience.
The question was then- taken on Mr. Allen's
motion to strike out the second section, and resulted
—yeas 13, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atlierton, Bagby, Benton, Breese,
Fulton, Haywood, McDuftie, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon,
Tappan, and Wright—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Archei, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Crittenden, Evans, Fairfield, Foster, Henderson,
Hue-far, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Merrick, Miller,
Phelps, Rives, Simmons, White, Woodbndge, and Wood-
bury— 23.
So the motion was negatived.
The bill, as amended, was then reported back to
the Senate, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that he was sure his
amendment, offered in committee of the whole,
had not been understood, or it would not have been
rejected. He should, therefore, renew his motion
to amend the bill in the third line of the second sec-
tion, by inserting, after the words "whenever any
ship or vessel of the United States shall be lost, by
shipwreck or otherwise," the words, "except by
capture." His object was to exclude from the
compensation pioposed, all cases in which a
vessel is suffered by the crew to be captured
by an enemy. It was obvious that, to com-
pensate the individuals who were to maintain their
ship, for losses in case of capture, would be to hold
out some inducement to thein to surrender sooner
than if no such inducement existed. He thought
there should be no inducement whatever held out
in such cases. On this question he called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Tappan's
amendment, and resulted—yeas 21, nays 12, as fol
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Atchison, Atherton,
Barrow, Benton, Bemen, Breuse, Choate, Crittenden,
Foster, Fulton, Hendeison, McDuftie, Miller. Sevier, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Wooubridge,Woodbury, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Ale&sra. Bajard, Claj ton, Evans, Fairiield, Hay-
wood, Huger, Jornagm, Johnson, Merrick. Phelps, Rives,
and White—12.
So the amendment was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, as
amended, for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate went
into executive session, and after a short time spent
therein,
Adjourned. «
