COMRGmm CrliOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, MAY 13, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 37.
[ Continued from Mo. 36.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 6, 1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. ADAMS rose and moved a correction of the
same, by striking out from the communication of
the Secretary of State, (in answer to a resolution of
this House, inquiring whether any gross errors had
been discovered in the printing of the sixth census,)
as copied upon the journal, the following words:
"That no such errors had been discovered."
Mr. ADAMS accompanied his motion with some
remarks, but in so low a tone that the reporter could
with difficulty gather their import.
It could not possibly (Mr. A. said) be a correct
representation, because very gross errors had been
discovered, as he intended and would pledge him-
self to show.
The SPEAKER remarked that whether errors
existed or not would be a matter for investigation.
In the opinion of the Chair, there was no error of
the journal, because it contained only a faithful
transcript of the communication made by the Secre-
tary of State.
Mr. ADAMS persisted in his motion. It was (he
said) the most extraordinary communication ever
made from the State Department.
Mr. WELLER observed that, inasmuch as the
journal contained only a transcript of the communi-
cation, there was no error to be corrected.
Mr. ADAMS said he would pledge himself to
produce documents to prove that gross error did ex-
ist. He would adduce such proofs as no man
would be able to contradict.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL remarked that, if he un-
derstood the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, it was to correct a mistake of the Clerk in
journalizing what was stated in the communication
from the State Department. If this were so, it ap-
peared to him the motion ought not to succeed. The
Secretary of State having reported to the House that
there were no mistakes, he presumed that it must be
so journalized.
Mr. HOLMES said whether the journal should
be altered or not was one question; and whether the
assertion of the gentleman from Massachusetts in
opposition to the assertion of a high functionary of
the government, was to be the issue before this
House, was another question. The gentleman, in
a summary mode, attempted to negative the asser-
tion of the Secretary of State upon whom they had
called for information. And if the House should
accede to the motion of the gentleman, it would be
in effect declaring in advance that what the Secre-
tary had stated was false. This appeared to be the
clear and explicit object of the gentleman who made
the motion. He thought the House ought not, on
the mere ipse dixit of any man, however sagacious, to
negative the deliberate statement of a high function-
ary of the government.
_ Mr. WELLRR said he thought they were m a-
king a bad commencement of the week by consu-
ming the time in a discussion so utterly useless. He
supposed the gentleman from Massachusetts had
now attained his object by making an attack upon
the Secretary of State. As to whether the report of
the Secretary was true or not, was an issue between
the gentleman and the Secretary of State. The
gentleman alleged that the Secretary had made a
false report, m stating that no gross errors had been
committed. This was not the question, however,
presented to the House by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. The only question for the House to
decide was, whether the Clerk, in making up the
journal, had made it conform to the report of the
Secretary of State. It was apparent, on inspection,
that it did conform to the report; and, therefore,
there was no error to be corrected. He demanded
the previous question.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to avnenjl the journal, on which demand tel-
lers were called for.
Messrs. Grinnell and Haralson were appointed,
and they reported 26 in the affirmative, and 96 in
the negative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, and they re-
suited thus—yeas 32, nays 126.
So the journal was not amended.
Mr. McKAY renewed his motion to go into
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ADAMS asked if it was in order to move to
refer the subject j ust disposed of to a select commit-
tee, with instructions.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK rose and asked if an amendment
of the journal did not take precedence.
The SPEAKER replied m the affirmative.
Mr. SCHENCK then moved to amend the jour-
nal, by inserting thereon the entire communication
received from the Secretary of State.
The SPEAKER put the question, and decided
that the motion appeared to be lost.
Mr. SCHENCK called for a division, and also
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
for the yeas and nays; and as 16 only voted in the
affirmative, it was declared to be lost.
The SPEAKER next put the question 011 the
motion to amend the journal, by inserting the com-
munication of the Secretary of State; which was
negatived.
Mr. SCHENCK asked for a division on the call
for the yeas and nays. [Cries of "it's too late."]
The SPEAKER said the gentleman's motion
came too late, for the question of amendment had
intervened, and was negatived.
THE RECENT RENCONTRE IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. SAUNDERS asked the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion to go into
committee, to allow him (Mr. S.) an opportunity to
make a report from a Select Committee. He would
make a brief explanatory statement of the report
which he was about to make. It was from the Se-
lect Committee, appointed to inquire into the circum-
stances of the late rencontre between the gentleman
New York, [Mr. Rathbujj,] and the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. White,] and the circum-
stances attending the wounding of a police officer by
an individual named Wm. S. Moore. On the first
branch of the subject submitted to the committee—
that in relation to the rencontre between two mem-
bers of this House—the committee had examined
thirty-four witnesses, whose statements were sworn
to: of those examinations—the committee had re-
ported such portions as they deemed necessary, but
the committee considered that they had no authority
to report any resolution; and therefore the commit-
tee left the case with the House for its disposal,
submitting a report of the facts and the testimony
only. In the secand branch of the case—as
to the assault by Wm. S. Moore on a police
officer—the committee had examined sixteen wit-
nesses; and in their report on that branch of
the case they had stated all the material facts.
The committee had expressed, in distinct terms, the
power of this House to exclude offenders against
decorum from its presence, and to punish for con-
tempt committed within its presence, 01 the viola-
tion of any of its acknowledged privileges. But as
it had been decided by the United States Supreme
Court, in cases which the report set forth, that the
House had no power to punish for contempt be-
yond imprisonment, which could only last during
the continuance of the session of the House, the
committee had thought proper to report a resolution,
although the committee were only called upon to re-
port the facts of the case. They had deemed it ad-
vised to report a resolution to enable the House to
act directly on the question, both as regarded the
individual (Moore) and themselves. And whilst
the committee deemed it competent m this House to
punish individuals for a violation of its privileges,
and whilst such a punishment would be no bar to
any future prosecution, the committee was of opinion ,
that no such punishment should be inflicted by this
House; but that the individual (Moore) should be
turned over to the judicial authorities of the coun-
try, He would further stat« that sufficient evidence
had been taken by a magistrate -whereon to issue a
warrant, and an officer would be ready to take
Moore into custody as soon as he should be dis-
charged from the custody of the scrgeant-at-arms.
There was another branch of the subject submitted,
to the committee—that in relation to an enactment
to punish future outrages within the Capitol; and in
respect to that, he begged to say that the committee
still had it under consideration, and that the report
now made was but a report in part. He then sub-
mitted the resolution, which declared that it was in-
expedient to take further steps in the case of Wm.
S. Moore, and that he be delivered over to the civil
authorities; and on this resolution he moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON suggested to the gentleman
from North Carolina the propriety of allowing this
subject to go over to a future day.
Mr. SAUNDERS madesome remarks which were
not distinctly heard.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the reading of the
report, and it was read as follows:
[The report, in substance, states that, after having
examined a great of number witnesses, on oath, the
facts established were, that while the House was in
session, and a debate going on, Mr. A. Kennedy
had made a statement in relation to a certificate
given by him and some other gentlemen in regard
to the authenticity of an extract of some remarks
of Mr. Clay. That Mr. Ratiibun said, when Mr.
K. concluded: "Yes, we can prove it, all around
the House. To which, Mr. White, turning to-
wards him, replied, "If you do, you will prove
a damned lie—swallow that;" that immediately
Mr. Rathbun struck at Mr. W., and blows passed
between the gentlemen; but that they were imme-
diately separated by the gentlemen near them.
In relation to the case of Mr. Moore, the report
states, that when the rencontre took place between
Messrs. White and Rathbun, he was found within
the bar, and resisting the sergeant-at-arms; that
Mr. McCauslen removed him from the hall, and.
pushed him out of the door; that on Mr. McCaus-
len's leaving him, and returning into the House,
he fired a pistol, by which Mr. Wirt, one of the
police, was wounded in the leg; that he was then
seized by the persons near him, and secured, and
another pistol and a dirk were taken from him.
The committee recommended the turning of this
person over to the civil authorities of the District.]
Mr. WHITE asked if the previous question was
applicable to a case of this nature.
The SPEAKER replied that, in the opinion of
the Chair, it was.
Mr. WHITE said he would not take an appeal;
but he desired to know if the proposition was to
print the entire paper.
Mr. SAUNDERS said that the motion was to
print the report and the testimony, and lay them on
the table, to be taken up at the pleasure of the
House.
Mr. WHITE asked if it was the intention of the
gentleman from North Carolina to move to take up
the report now.
Mr. SAUNDERS said it was not.
Mr. WHITE then desired the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw the call for the previous
question, to allow him tj suggest a material error in
the report which 110 doubt the committee uninten-
tionally made.
Mr. SAUNDERS withdrew the call for the pre-
vious question on condition that the gentleman,
after making his explanation, would renew it.
Mr. C. JOHNSON suggested to the gentleman
from Kentucky, if it would not be better to lay the
subject over till Monday.
Mr. WHITE. No, sir. I desire to correct the
error now, as much for the committee's sake as my
own. The error consisted in omitting to state a
material fact, and he called the attention of the com-
mittee to it. It was this: the committee did noi
state that, in the reply he made to Mr. Rathbun,
using the epithet quoted by the committee, he
leaned over to Mr. R. and pronounced that epithet
in a very low tone of voice, so as only to be heard
by Mr. R. and those immediately near him, and not
by the House. This fact was testified to by every
witness who had been examined on the subject; ancj
