Feb, 1844.
APPENDIX THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Molition Petitions—Mr. Severance.
H. of Reps.
plunge the country into a war with Mexico? Is it
m the cause of liberty, of civilization, or of na-
tional honor, that he summons us to the field of con-
flict? Wo, sir. It is to be a contest for territorial
aggrandizement. The acquisition of Texas is the
prize which is presented to stimulate the zeal and
tempt the cupidity of our people. Do the Presi-
dent and his advisers seriously believe that the
country is prepared to encounter the calamities of'
war to secure the incorporation of Texas into the
Union? It is time they were undeceived. So far
from desiring Texas at the expense of a war, a ma-
jority of our countrymen will forbid tile annexa-
tion, even though it were attainable by peaceful
measures with the universal consent of nations.
I am not disposed, on this occasion, to enter upon
a broad field of discussion, in regard^ to the general
question of annexation, or the extraordinary meas-
ures pursued by the President to bring Texas into-
the Union. That subject is now under'deliberation
in the other House of Congress, to which it appro-
priately belongs as a co-ordinate branch of the
treaty-making power. I had indulged a hope that
the final action of the Senate would place the ques-
tion at rest, and that it would not become a theme
of debate on- this floor. But in justice to those whose
confidence has placed me here, as the representative
of their sentiments, I feel constrained to notice some
extraordinary doctrines and avowals which we have
heard in this debate from the honorable gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes.] In the
first place, he gravely contends that this govern-
ment is under a constitutional obligation to protect
the institution of slavery in the southern States, and
then insists that we ore bound to secure the annexa-
tion of Texas, because it is necessary to the support
and perpetuation of slavery in the States! ,I must
confess that this pretension sounds strangely in my
ears. Sir, I am no abolitionist. I have never re-
garded the extreme measures and the system of agi-
tation pursued by that misguided sect, with favor or
approbation. I revere the constitution and the
Union, as the noblest creation of human wisdom
and patriotism which the world has seen; and that
both may be of perpetual duration, is the warmest
aspiration of my heart. I would cherish the har-
mony of the Union, as an object too sacred to be
menaced by the baleful spirit of faction or sectional
discontent. "We are one country and one people,
bound together in a common destiny by all that is
glorious in our recollections of the past, by ajl that
is precious in our hopes of the future. By our
union we gained liberty and independence—by our
union we must preserve them. In my devotion to
the Union, I know no geographical boundaries or
distinctions. I desire to see the protection and the
blessings of our constitution dispensed in a spirit of
equal justice to every portion of our common coun-
try—to the North and the South, the East and the
West. That sacred charter was formed in a spirit
of harroony, concession, and patriotism, and I wish
to see it administered in a similar spirit, under the
same ennobling influences of conciliation and self-
denial.
At the formation of the Union slavery existed in
most of the States, and chiefly iirthe southern por-
tions of the confederacy. The complete control of
this institution was left in the States where it pre-
vailed, and to those States an undue representation
was conceded by reason of their slave population.
By the subsequent acquisition of Louisiana, a vast
extension was given to the slave territory, and of
this we do not complain. In common with the great
body of the northern people, I am prepared to abide
by the compromises and guaranties of the constitu-
tion, and to fulfil its obligations with scrupulous
justice and fidelity. But more than this is now re-
quired. It is not enough than an unequal represent-
ation is allowed to the slave States, and that they
remain in the full enjoyment and regulation of their
domestic institutions. We are called upon not only
to maintain it in the States of the Union, but to ex-
ert the powers of the federal government to propa-
gate slavery in foreign parts, and avert the possibil-
ity that a neighboring nation may discard slavery
and become free.
To enforce the appeal, it is contended that the
protection and extension of slavery is one of the
paramount obligations of the government under the
constitution. The pretension that we are bound to
admit new nations to the confederacy, for no pur-
pose but to perpetuate slavery under the shield of
federal protection, is a proposition so monstrous, so
repugnant to the spirit of the constitution and the
enlightened sentiment of the country, I am at a loss
for terms of fitting emphasis to characterize the
boldness of the avowal. So far from'admitting- the
duty, I utterly deny the power, of the federal gov-
ernment to enlarge its borders by the admission of
neigborfng nations, for the object of extending
slavery or any other sectional interest, without the
consent of each State of the confederacy, constitu-.
tionally expressed. If the doctrine ;had been ad-
vanced in the early days of the constitution, while
its frameriS wdre engaged in the administration of
the powers which it created, it .would have been re-
ceived with a sensation of astonishment which has
hardly been manifested here, under the peculiar in-
fluences that now surround the Capitol.
Another ground has been assumed by the gentle-
man ffom South Carolina, as well as other speakers
and 'writers on annexation, upon which I must beg
leave to detain the committee for a moment. He
asserts that the admission ofTexas to the Union is a
necessary measure for the defence of the country
from foreign invasion ! Is it really credible that we
are able to defend our present territory only by a fur-
ther extension of our borders! It appears to be for-
gotten that the thirteen colonies, with less than three
millions of people, maintained a successful resist-
ance against the arms of England, the most formi-
dable power-of the globe, during the seven years of
our revolution. They proved themselves equal to
the struggle, and were able, under the blessing of
God, to achieve our independence. But it seems
that the twenty-six States of our confederacy, with
nearly twenty millions of -people, whose past prog-
ress in wealth, improvements, and the multiplica-
tion of resources for peace and war, surpasses all
example in the history of nations, are insufficient to
defend themselves from foreign - aggression, without
the addition ofTexas to the Union. Sir, I deny the
position in all its length and breadth. For the hon-
or of the American name I deny it. I trust we have
inherited some share of the virtues and spirit of our
ancestors. When our country is assailed or inva-
ded, it will be found that the true strength and de-
fence of the nation consists, not in boundless extent
of territory, but in the valor and patriotism of our
people. We haye nothing to fear from hostile na-
tions. In a righteous and honorable cause, appeal-
ing to the spirit and just pride of the nation, we may
defy the world in arms.
Even if the acquisition of Texas by honorable
means were an object of national desire, it would
afford no ground for the justification of the executive
in the employment of military force, independent of
constitutional sanction or authority. To tolerate so
flagrant an act of usurpation, without an expression
of condemnation or censure, is to admit a precedent
which may ultimately lead to the subversion of our
government and the destruction of our free institu-
tions.- It is the tendency of executive power to at-
tract and gradually concentrate within itself the
powers belonging to the co-ordinate branches and
departments of government; and we owe it to our-
selves and the country to resist every encroachment
at the threshold. If the high prerogative of placing
the nation at war is to be abstracted from Congress,
and added to the over-shadowing authority of the
chief magistrate, it is idle for the people to send
their representatives here. I indulge no serious ap-
prehensions that our present executive will enact
the part of a Ceesar or a Cromwell, but if his bold
assumption of powers in disregard of the constitu-
tion shall ripen into usage, and acquire the force of
precedent, at some future period of our history,
when the first office shall be occupied by a success-
ful chieftain whose capacity is equal to his ambition,
or some popular leader of iron nerve and daring will,
sustained by a triumphant party, it will be found an
easy conquest to prostrate the forms of constitutional
government and trample upon the most sacred rights
of the people.
The proposed check upon the expenditure of the
navy appropriation, cannot, I apprehend, be met by
any serious objection. If we are to remain at peace,
and the executive proceeds according to the usual
course of lawful expenditure, he cannot require
more than half the amount within the first half of
the fiscal year, and the provision will be harmless.
If he intends to persist in rash measures of hostility,
designed to involve the country in unjustifiable war
with a friendly neighbor, it is our duty to interpose
an effectual obstacle to his progress, instead of fur-
nishing means for the consummation of his mad
and mischievous schemes. The question of war
belongs to the representatives of the people, and
when they shall find cause for a declaration of hos-
tility, it will be their duty to provide for its prose-
cution. , - ' -
In offering an amendment intended to restrict,, the
executive to the ordinary expenditure during the
recess of Congress, I am actuated by ho desire to
weaken pur navy or impair its efficiency. I would
not detract from the proud honors and bright re-
nown which it has won for itself, 'or the unfading
glory which it has shed upon our.nationaT charac-
ter. The brightest pages of our, annals record-the
services and'exploits of the brave men of our. navy.
They have carried our flag to every, sea,'and their
gallantry in the hour of peril deserves the gratitude
and liberality of the country. I stand ready to sus-
tain'all measures which, maybe necessary to the
vigor and usefulness of this branch of the national
defence. .
SPEECH OF Mr. SEVERANCE,
OF MAINE.
In the House of Repre$eniative$< Febmary 16,1844-—On the
right of petition.
The question being on the mption of Mr. Black, of -Geor-
gia, to amend the motion of Mr. Dromgoole, of Virginia,
to recommit the report of the select committee on the' rules,
with instructions to report to the House the following,
viz:
"No petition, memorial, resolution, or other paper, pray-
ing the abolition of slavery in the District-of Columbia, or
any State or Territory, or the slave" trade between the
States or Territories of the United States in which it.now
exists, shall be received by the House,, or entertained in any
way whatever."
Mr. SEVERANCE rose and said: - ^ s
Mr. Speaker: 1 do notpropose to'discuas the importance,
the history, or the oiigm, of the right of petition—others
have, perhaps, sufficiently occupied that ground; nor shall
I take up much time in refuting the ingenious arguments
which have been ofiered, to prove that the right of petition
is fully recogniscd and sufficiently regarded, by merely per-
mitting a member of the House to present a petion in this
place. Here is the - rule which i.t is-proposed to continue in
force.
(Mr S read it as above )
Now it will surely not be denied, that the ri ht
of petition upon the four subjects embraced "in this
rule is set at naught'in express terms. Petitions on these
subjects are not to be received or considered, in any manner
whatever. And why not? Why are they1 selected forcon-
demnation and rejection? Surely they are not frivolous or'
unimportant No, indeed; the sensation they create here
and elsewhere shows that they are, as t&ey aught.to be,-re
garded as of the deepest import. Why, then, is a distinction
drawn between them and other petitions? Is it that Con-
gress ought hot to grant their prayer? Sir, this is n'<?'-valid
reason. Other petitions that ought not to be granted are re-
ceived every day, and referred to .committees, which report
for or against them. We are not to prejudge them before,
investigation, but decide ujjon their merits .after a patient
hearing. The right ofpetitionis amere mockery, ifit does
not go to this extent, and those Southern gentlemen are en-
tirely m the right, who say that the mere reception of peti-
tions, and laying them on the table without further action,
will never satisfy the petitioners". Sir, it will not, and ought
not. Nothing will satisfy them, or satisfy the country ,* but
to have these petitions treated like all .other petitions. But,
it is said, they ask for legislative action which would be un-
constitutional, and therefore we ought to notify the people
beforehand that petitions on certain subjects will not be re-
ceived This pretence constitutes the only reason I have
ever heard, having the least degree of plausibility, for the.
adoption of this ollensivtt rule. Js it valid"* " I think I can
show that it is not valid, but is utterly groundless as "to
three out of four of the"classes of petitions embraced in the
xule; and as to the fourth, (that relating to slavery in the
States,) there is no necessity for. any sucfi rule, for such pe-
titions are not sent here. Petitions of this sort appear to>e
included m the rule, only to put the other three classes of
petitions in bad company, and for no other purpose what-
ever. No such petitions being sent here, there can be no
necessity for a rule to exclude them. And how is it with
the other three} Sir, I contend that Congre&s has the power
to abolish slavery in this District, and the slave trade,-do-
xnestic or foreign, upon the high seas. The foreign has
been prohibited, and Congress has legislated already upon
the domestic slave trade, so far as to inflict penalties upon
it in vessels under forty tons. Congress, then, having the
power to legislate upon these subjects, abuses its authori-
ty by refusing to receive petitions for such legislative ac-
tion." Congress has also paramount and local jurisdiction
in the Territories. .
To my mind, the gentleman from JNew 1 ork, [Mr. Beabds-
i.Fv.1 and the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hrosov,]
demonstrated the constitutional power of Congress to abol-
ish slavery in the District of Columbia. But the gentleman
irom Mississippi, [Mr. Hammici ,] who preceded me, denies
that either Congress or the States have any power to abol-
ish slavery any where. Let us see how this is.
Among the enumerated powers ol Congress, in the eighth
section of the first article of the constitution of the United
States, is the following'
"To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever
over such district, not exceeding ten miles square, as may,
by the cession of particular Stdtes, and the acceptance of
C ongress, become the seat of government of the United
States.5'
Virginia and Maryland made the cessions, and Congress*
accepted them If they w ere not in conformity to the fore-
going provision of the "constitution, they were invalid; but
they did so conform, without and reservation whatever.
Here is the language of the Virginia deed of cession. The
tract of country now the county of Alexandria is "foreve^
