592
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Severance,
H. of ReJ>s.
ceded and relinquished to the Congress and government of
the United States, in full and absolute right and jurisdic-
tion, as well of soil as of persons residing, or to reside,
thereon." "Provided, that nothing heroin contained shall
be construed to vest in the United States any right of prop-
erty in the soil, or to affect the rights of individuals threin,
Otherwise than the same shall or may be -transferred by
such individuals to the United States."
The proviso was intended to exonerate Virginia from any
obligation to convey to the United States the right of prop-
erty in the soil whicb was owned by individuals'—proviso
which, I presume, could only be regarded as necessary, be-
cause the words ri ht of "soil" had been used in the deed of
cession. But the "absolute right of jurisdiction, as well of
soil as of persons residing," &c., did not mean right of prop-
erty in individuals, or of individuals. It did not mean to
convey the property of individuals to the United States, or
to withhold any authority which the State of Virginia pos-
sessed. Hence the argument of Messrs. "Wise and Chap-
man, from the minority of the committee on the rules, that
Virginia withheld the right-of property in sla\ es or persons,
can have no weight. The grammatical language of the
proviso does not warrant it, nor does the language of the
constitution permit any such reservation on the part of Vir-
ginia.
Nor was there any misunderstanding about the matter at
the time. Objections were made in the Virginia convention
that Congress might abolish slavery, and Mr. Madison ex-
plained the necessity for giving Congress exclusive legisla-
tion. A conflict of authority, or divided sovereignty, would
have led to confusion. There was no oversight on this
point; the subject of slavery was more fully, and far more
freely, if not more rationally, discussed then than it is now.
The' whole legislative authority, the law-making power, the
absolute jurisdiction, was conveyed by Maryland und Vir-
ginia to the United States.
The gentleman from Mississippi, however, says that
neither Maryland nor Virginia had the right to abolish sla-
very at the time of the deeds of cession, and therefore could
not convey such right to the United States. He says the
constitutions of those States forbid them frorrt taking pri-
vate property tor public uses, and that slaves being private
property, the legislatures of those States could .not then,
and cannot now, abolish slavery. Let us see. Here is the
constitution of Virginia, as it was then and is now. I will
read what relates to this matter, it is the sixth paragraph of
the declaration of rights*
"6. That electors of members, to serve as representatives
of the people, ought to be free, and that all men having suffi-
cient evidence ot permanent common interest with, and at-
tachment to, the community, have the right of suffrage, and
cannot be taxed or deprived of their property lor public
uses, without their own consent, or that of then- representa-
tives so elected, nor bound by any law to which thoj have
not, in like manner, assented, for the public good."
Now, admitting slaves to be property by the constitution
and laws tof Virginia, still here is a positive authority con-
ferred on the legislative power to take the private property
of individuals, in taxes or otherwise, "for the public good
So much for Virginia. Now we will look at the Man-land
constitution. Paragraph 21st of the bill of rights reads thus:
"21. That no freeman ought to be taken, oi hnpiisoned, or
disseized of his freehold, liberties, or privileges, or outlaw-
ed, or exiled, or in any manner destroj ed or deprh ed ol his
life, liberty, or property, but by the judgment of his peers,
or by the law of the land."
That is, by judicial process, or by the legislative authon-
ty The sovereign power of the State can take his property
from him, if necessary to the public good.
What, then, becomes of the pretence, that the legislative
power of a State cannot abolish slavery'' Sir, 1 denv that
abolishing slavery is taking "private property for public
uses." The term public uses supposes its continuance as
property, and its seizure by the government or its agents,
and conversion to a public use as property. Emancipation
is not converting private property to a public use It is only
restoring a human being to his natural rights in the commu-
nity. He ceases to bo property; he is not taken; he is eman-
cipated—permitted to take himself, and have the use of his
own flesh and blood, his bones and smews, and his wits, if
he ha^ any. His per&on is hif5 own, and not another man's.
He is restored to his natural rights by the law ; rights of
which he had been unjustly deprived by the law Will
it be contended, in this boasted free country, that the
law can enslave him, but earmot liberate him' In
liberating him, the go\eminent, instead of taking
''private property for public uses," on]} exercises one of
the most important functions for which U w as instituted—
that of protecting the weak against the rapacity ol the
strong, and securing the equal rights of all, it only takes
One great step m the progress of civilization, by substitu-
ting just and equal law s for those which are unjust, oppies-
sive and barbarous. By what tenure ic any man held as a
slave"7 It is by the force of law. or by the violent exercise
of law less power In oui country slavery exists by the
force of the local law; certainly not by any natural rm,ht
which is above and be\ond the law, for the natural rig"hts
of men are all alike A distinguished statesman has said,
"that is propcrtv which the law make® property " This is
true, undoubtedly. But whether a law that makes one man
the property of another is a just law, is quite another ques-
tion. 1 think it is not just, but whatever excuses maj be
made for the continuance of such law in some States, from
the circumstances of the case, 1 see not a particle of reason
to doubt that every State has full power to iepealsuch law s,
and to provide compensation to owner* of si "tves or not, as
the legislative power shall see tit I know that m three or
four States their constitutions prohibit the pa* sage of laws
to emancipate the slu\ es, unless by making compensation
to the masters. Rut the people of those States can alter
their constitutions if they please They have the power m
their own hands, and Congress has the same power
wherever it has exclusive jurisdiction Slavery exists in
this District by the law of 1S01, by which the laws ol Mary-
land and Virginia were re-enacted and continued mforce
Can we not iepeal those laws, or modify them9 What!
will it be contended in this House, and by those who ves-
terday voted to, nullify a law of Congress, without asking
the concurrence of the Senate or the approval of the Fiesi-
dent,* that the two Houses and the President, together, can-
not repeal a law of Congress?
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. S \.undkrs.] the
other day, quoted the 5th article of the amendments to the
constitution of the United States. This he considered as a
guaranty for the existence of slavery, and a piuhibition of
the abolition of slavery by the States Not finding any such
authority in the origiual constitution, he fell upon the 5th
article of the amendments. Here it is:
"Art. o. No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime, unless on apresentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except in caers arising in the land or
naval l'orce, or m the militia, when in actual service, in time
of war or public danger; nor shall any person be subject to
the same offence, or be twice put m jeopardy of life or limb,
nor shall be compelled, in any criminal case, to be a witness
against himself; nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law; nor shalljprivate property be
taken for public use without just compensation."
This amendment appears to have orignated in the Virgin-
ia convention, in 1788, at the time when it was' convened to
ratify the constitution of the United States, which had bgen
agreed upon bv the national convention, held in Philadel-"
phi a in 1787. Tne amendment, on the face of it, shows that
it was designed to prevent any abuses in the administration
of the government of the United States, or any encroach-
ments on the rights or liberties of the people oi the States, it
is not a limitation of State authority, but ol federal authority.
It was so intended by Virginia, and so understood by other
States, when they agreed to it. The idea was not then sug-
gested, m any part of the country, North or South, that it
contained a prohibition against the abolition of slavery by
the States. Had it been so regarded at the North, the amend-
ment would not have been agreed to, and it could never ha^ c
become a part of the constitution. Nor is this all; Virginia
herself would have been the last State to propose to confer
any such power on the general government,for the surest men
of Virginia of that day—Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and
others—contemplated the future abolition of slavery in that
ancient Commonwealth,as well as in other States. In the same
Virginia convention to which I havejust allluded, Patrick
Henry said "slavery is detested; we feel its fatal effects; we
deplore it with all the pity of humanity." Vet, he was op-
posed to giving Congress any power to abolish it, and he
opposed the adoption of the constitution, among other rea-
sons, bccause he thought the first clause of sec. 8, art. 1, giv-
ing Congress the power "to provide for tin* common de-
fence and general welfare.''' did confer upo'n Congress
the power, in time of war or insurrection, to use all
the means of defence, by liberating the sla\ es and
placing arms m their hands whenever the general go\ em-
inent should think it necessaiy to exerci.se such pow t. r; and
he mentioned the fact thai acts of the assembly of Virginia
had been passed promising trecdom to every slave who
should join the amy. I apprehend that such acts were not
\eiy extensively piomult>ated among the slave population,
but however that may have been, there is nothing in the
history of this Ctli amendment to show that it was designed
to be applied to slaves in any w ay. If it was, how happens
it that the northern States did subsequently go on to abohsh
slavery without a word of objection, or the remotest allu-
sion, that I ever heard of, to the 3th' article of the amend-
ments' Are their acts of emancipation all unconstitutional'
Can the ancient masters of Pennsylvania, and other northern
States recover their slaves by carrying their case to the Su-
preme Court of the United Stated if they can, why don't
they do it'
Sir, if the 5th article of the amendments was designed to
be applied to slavery at all, let us see if it does not contain
ratliui too much authority for the purpose of the-gentleman
from North Carolina, l.i the very same sentence m which
it says "no person shall be deprived of his property," &c.,
it also says, "no person shall be depiived of his liberty with-
out due process of law," i e. all the forms ofjudical trial Now
what is the meaning of the word personin the constitution of
the United States > it is the very w ord, and the only term, by
which sla\es are alluded to in the constitution They are
alluded to only in three provisions of the constitution, and
are there spoken of as "persons." Shall we, tlu iefore, inter
that the constitution piolnbits slavery in the States'' 1 sub-
mit that this conduction is more plausible than his; but I
contend that the oth article of the amendments was not in-
tended to have an)' application to sla\ cry. Nay, more: if
the words "pnvate property,*' m that amendment, were in-
tended to be applied to slave property, there would si ill be
no difficulty in the case; for it is a well-settled principle m
the Supreme C ourt of tlu* United Stoles, that e.ich State cjn
determine ibrit=elf whetherhumnn beings shall be propertj
ornot. If not, then how can utherthe general or State
governments take them as pi.vate povertj tor public use'
That this is settled I will pioceed to provi . The gentle-
man from Mississippi relerred to a decision of JWge
McLean in the circuit court of the l"mted States, 1 u-t sum-
mer, which, he s?id, established the principle that slat'-s
weie property, and could not b-> free by any State. He,
no doubt, alluded to the case of Van 7anc!t, who was fined
If! .200 for assisting a '•live to escap" from hi-, master. That
w cis under the law of Conrrc" s ol 1*<K5, and settled no such
pnnciple as the gentleman fiom Mississippi contended for
That case ha-, been appealed to the Supreme Court here m
Washington, and is suit pending. q he c,entU-man fiom
Mississippi nNo referred to the ( nse of Prisrg vs Pe^n viva-
nia to establish his position. The case is icported m loth
Peters, and f h.ive it before me Though 1 am no lawyer, 1
will endeavor to correct the gentleman by reading hen a
passage from ih< opinion uf Judge McLean— the \eiv judge
he h-- s quoted himself, jnd one of the \ery cases'he has
referred to
Judge McLean smd, in his opinion on the celebrated case
Pugg vs PenriM Ivania—{a case to v. htch by the w ay, w e
may have occasion to reter when other matters come'np)—
"The "ld\e. as a sensible and human being, is sublet to
the local authority-, into whatever jurisdiction he may go
He is answerable, under the laws, for his acts, and he may
claim their pioteetion The state may protect him against
all the world except the claim of his master. Should any
one commit lawless violence on the slave, the offender may
•-The law requiring the election of representatives m Con-
gress to be by singly districts..
be unquestionably punished; and should the slave commit j
murder, he may be-detained and punished for it by the ?
State, in disregard of the claim of the master. Being with- \
iu.the jurisdiction of asState, a slave bears a very dirterent j
relation to it from that" of mere property.5'' . i
There is another case, from which the gentleman from
Mississippi did not quote, though it is full of authority direct
to the point, and should be familiar to him. i allude to the
case of Groves vs. Slaughter, 15th Peters.
The constitution of the State of Mississippi, adopted in
1S3-2, contained a provision prohibiting the importation of
slaves into that State, "as merchandise, or far sale," from
other States, after the 1st May, 1833; but no law passed un-
der this constitution providing penalties, &c. In 1836. Rob-
ert Slaughter, a trader in slaves,' carried a lot of them into
Mississippi. They were purchased at Katche? by John IV,
Brown, on credit, who gave his notes for them, endorsed as
security by Moses Groves and James Graham. The notes
were not paid, and Groves was tiled in the circuit court of
the eastern district of Louisiana. He contended that the
notes were not collectable, because the contract was in
violation of .the constitution of Mississippi. The circuit
court of Louisiana g<u e judgment against Groves, on the
ground that a legislative enactment was necessary to make
the Mississippi constitution operative . Groves appealed to
the .Supreme Court of the United States, where Slaughter
made a new argument, that, as the constitution of the Uni-
ted States authorized Congress to regulate commerce
among the several States, and as slaves were property', or
articles* of commerce, the State of Mississippi could not pro
hibit their introduction from other States The case was
argued January term, 1841; Mr. Clay and Mr Webster
arguing for Slaughter, Mr. Jones and Air. Walker (senator
from Mississippi) for Groves The decision of the circuit
court was confirmed by a majority of the Supremo Court,
viz: ' that the piohibition of the constitution of Mississippi
did not invalidate the contract, but that an act of the legis-
lature of the State was required to carry it into effect,"'
and no such law w us passed till 1837, w Inch was after the
slaves were imported and .sold. Judges Story, Thompson,
Wayne, and McKmley, concurred with the majority ol the
court, in the opinion that the provision of the constitution
of the United-States, w Inch gives the regulation of com.
meice to Congress, did not interfere with the provision of
the constitution of Mississippi, which relates to the intro-
duction of slaves as merchandise, or for sale. -Judges Tanej,
McLean, and Baldwin, ga\e separate opinions, differing on
certain points, which i have not time to notice, in Judge
McLean's omnion 1 find the following remark:
' The constitution treats slaves as persons, See. In the
stcond section of the fast article, which apportions repre-
sentatives and direct taxes among the States, it pro-wdes--
'the numbeis shall be determined by adding to the whole
number of fiee persons, including those bound to service
tor a term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three-
fifths of all other persons.' And again, m the Hd section of
the fourth article, it is declared th3t 'no person held to ser-
vice or labor in one State under the laws thereof escaping
into another shall, in consequence of any law or regulation
therein, be discharged from such service or labor, but shall
be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such service
or labor may bp due.''
"liy the laws of certain slave States,''continues the judge,
"slaves are treated as property; and the constitution of Mis-
sissippi prohibits their Icing brought into that State by citi-
7ens of other States, for sale, or as merchandise. Merchan-
dise is a comprehensive term, and may include every article
of traffic, whether foreign or domestic, w liichis properly em-
braced by a commercialiegu'aiion But if slaves are consid-
ered m some of the States as merchanm-e, that cannot divest
them of the leading and controlling quality of persons, by
which, they are designated in the constitution The char-
acter of property is given them by the local law This law
is respected, and albrights under it are protected by the fed-
eral authorities, but the constitution acts upori- slaves as
persons, and not as property ''
Judge Baldwin dissented from the majority of the court.
He said, among other things:
"Slaves, then, being articles of commerce with foreign
nations until l«c0£, and until their importation v  as prohibit-
ed by f'ongies*. thev Mere also articles of commeice
among the seveial States which recognised them as prop-
eity, capable of being tiausfu.ied from hand to hand as
chattels Whether they should be so held or not or what
should be the extent of the right of property in the owner
of a sla% e, depended on the law ol each state. that was, end
i<- a subject on \s hu h no power is granted by the consti-
tution. to congrpib, consequently , j one can be i xeien ed,
diicctly or indirectly It is a m?ttcr of internal police.
o\tr winch the States ba\e iererved the entne contiol,
they, and they alone, can decl-n e v. hat property c apahic
of ow norjhip, absolute or quahlV'd; they may continue or
abolish slo^ery at then" pleasuue. cs v.'as t'o'ne hefoic, and
h-is been dune fincc, the constitution, w Inch leaves this
subject untouched and intangible, except by the States-
.As each State has plenaiy pov. er to legislate on this sub-
ject, Us laws ai e the test ofw hat is propeny ice
11 anything moie. than this i< w anted by the gentleman
fiom Mississippi, we have ;t m the argument of his own sen-
ator on this same case. Mr. Walkei said, page oO:
"A certdir. number o! negroes are now slaves m Missis-
sippi, and articles of merchandise, by sutue of State law  
an.i Stale power within her Lmits' Now, it is conceded
that the State may declare all the-e not tu be slaves, or not
to be merchandise, within her limits; \et it is contended
fon the other side] she may not make the samr declaration
as to the negioes ol other States when introduced into the
State.
' A Stote may, it conceded [and it was conctdcd by all
the judges and" counsel, establish oi abolish, slavery withm
her limits: she may do it immediate^, or gradually and
prospectively; she muy coniine «hn e> to the "laves then
born and living m the State, or to them and their descend-
ants, orto those slaves m the Shite and those introduced bv
emigrants, and not for sale, orto those introduced within a
certain date," Sec
Again he said;
"We say the character of merchandise, or property, is
attached to negroes noc by any grant of power in the "evn-
