CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57 d
amend his motion by moving to recommit the re-
port, with instructions to inquire into the altercation
that took place between the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. C Johnson] and the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes.]
In conclusion, he hoped the House would not
hesitate. If the committee had not the power to
make the annulment, he hoped, at least, the report
would not Be permitted to go forth to the world
without being amended; for he declared, before the
House and before the world, that if the committee
would but report the testimony as given, he denied
that any imputation of guilt could rest upon him in
the mind of any honorable man; and he would now
move, in addition to his former motion, that the
committee be instructed also to inquire into the dis-
graceful transaction which occurred between the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] and
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. C. Johnson.]
After some further remarks touching this transac-
tion, Mr. W. withdrew this latter proposition.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he had not been
at all surprised at the course which had
been pursued by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky towards himself. He supposed, from
the course which the gentleman had pursued
from the commencement of the affair, that if any
gentleman thought proper to present his views in re-
lation to the decorum and the dignity which it be-
came that House to observe as the representatives of
a great and powerful nation, he would be subject to
the rebuke of the gentleman from Kentucky; that
that gentleman would rake up whatever his recollec-
tion enabled him to bring forward in order to secure
his conduct from censure.
All that he (Mr. J.) had said was, that he thought
the honor of the House required that they should do
something more in relation to this affair; and he had
pressed upon the House the necessity of having the
papers laid upon the table that they might be exam-
ined. Not uiat he desired the gentlemen should be
punished; what he wanted was, an opportunity of
examining the evidence in order to see what it was
the honor of this House demanded at their hands. He
had uttered not a word disparagingly of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, yet that gentleman took fire;
and what did he do? He brought up a scene which
he said was more disgraceful. He stated that the
word "untrue" had passed between the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] and himself,
(Mr. J.,) and that "untrue" meant "lie;" and that,
therefore, the lie had been given.
Mr. WHITE interposed to explain; but explana-
tion being objected to,
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded. He would ask the
gentleman if there was not a wide difference be-
tween the two terms. The one implied a wilful
mistake of the fact; the other presumed a mistake
to have been committed. There was not, so far as
he was aware, a single unfriendly feeling be-
tween the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] and himself. There was no excite-
ment, no turmoil, created on that occasion; and yet
the gentleman had characterized that occurrence
as more disgraceful than that in which he was con-
cerned. If the gentleman expected to screen him-
self in this way, he would find himself grievously
mistaken. The gentleman, instead of standing
there with that meekness and humility which should
characterize an individual who had violated the de-
corum and dignity of that House, was, whenever
the question was touched upon, a prominent law-
yer upon his own side of the case.
Mr. WHITE said, in the Commonwealth where
he resided, every man who was accused was allow-
ed to be heard, either by himself or by counsel.
Mr. JOHNSON said he could not give way for
an argument from the gentleman until lie had con-
cluded what he intended to say. Look at the con-
duct of the gentleman from New York; he was not
obtrusive—he was modest and unassuming, rarely
uttering a word; but the moment the case was touch-
ed upon, the gentleman from Kentucky stood for-
ward as principal lawyer, judge, and witness. The
gentleman had proposed an investigation into his
(Mr. J.'s) conduct. He hoped he would go on
with it, and that the same committee would conduct
that investigation.
Mr. WHITE asked the gentleman from Tennes-
see to point out a single instance of disorder in his
conduct.
Mr. JOHNSON. I can tell the gentleman of
some instances, if he wishes me turn State's evi-
dence against him.
Mr. WHITE. After the gentleman is sworn, if
he pleases.
Mr. JOHNSON said he had been for some years
in this House with the gentleman from Kentucky,
before and after the time when he was the presiding
officer of the House. He certainly had no fault to
find with the gentleman until he was placed in the
chair; but he had abundant reason to complain of
him before he left it.
Mr. WHITE asked the gentleman to state ex-
plicitly whether, at any time, his conduct had been
disorderly. He defied the gentleman to point out
an instance.
Mr. JOHNSON said he need only go back to the
commencement of this session of Congress: after the
gentleman was driven from the Speaker's chair and
took his seat upon the floor of the House, he had
had repeated difficulties with the Speaker.
[Mr. WHITE. No fight.]
No fight; but as disorderly conduct, in his judg-
ment. There was no gentleman in the House who
had produced more confusion than the gentleman
from Kentucky.
He asked the gentleman from Kentucky when
he had cv&r brought anything of censure to bear on
the proceedings of this House. When he had ever
even used even an unkind word.
Mr. WHITE said the gentleman from Tennessee
had pronounced the transaction between him and the
gentleman from New York as disgraceful.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky and he ought to understand each
other, and they should understand each other before
long, as to this matter of contempts of the House.
And the gentleman from Kentucky would always
find that he had the moral courage to do his duty on
this floor. The gentleman from Kentucky could
very ingeniously draw distinctions between "God
damn you, you are a liar," and-  
Mr. WHITE interposed, and said the gentleman
from Tennessee was giving, as his language, that
which he had never said.
Mr. C. JOHNSON did not pretend to say that
he was giving the precise terms; but such was the
purport; it was heard by many gentlemen on that
side of the House, (the extreme right of the chair.)
Mr. WHITE remarked that the gentleman knew
very well that a whisper could be heard there which
could not be heard three feet from his desk, (on the
extreme left of the Speaker's chair.) He was un-
derstood to say that he would allow no false impu-
tations to be made upon him wilfully.
Mr. C. JOHNSON made some remark which was
not heard.
Mr. WHITE asked the Chan- if the gentleman
from Tennessee was in order in making personal
observations to him.
The SPEAKER said gentlemen were not in or-
der in making personal allusions, or in addressing
individual members, or in imputing motives to any
one.
Mr. C. JOHNSON was not conscious that he
had been imputing motives to any one. He was,
going on to show what kind of whispering it was,
if the gentleman from Kentucky would but hear
him. Did the gentleman from Kentucky expect to
brow-beat him, or drive either him or any other
member of this House from his duty, and its faith-
ful and honest discharge?
Mr. WHITE made some remark, which was not
audible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. C. JOHNSON continued. For sixteen long
years, except two, he had been here, and not once
had he elicited any unkind feeling of which he was
aware. He had spoken of scenes of this sort bGfore;
and he now said, as he had before said, that he
thought them disgraceful. After a few other obser-
vations, he apologized to the gentleman form New
Hampshne for occupying so much of his time.
Mr. HALE, 111 submitting his resolutions, said it
was not so much with a view of producing an im-
portant influence upon the action of the House,
as to put himself right before his constituents,
and that portion of the country who felt any interest
in the actions of so humble an individual as himself,
lie concurred entirely in the view taken of the
matter by the honorable gentleman from Tennessee.
He believed something was due to the House, as
the representatives of the dignity of the people.
What was the position now occupied by the House?
It was admitted that while the House were in ses-
sion in Committee of the Whole, one member had
given the lie to another; blows had been given; and
an individual, not a member of the House, had
fired a pistol in upon the House, and wounded one
of the officers of the Capitol. With these admitted
facts before us, what were we about? taking any
measure to vindicate the insulted dignity of the
House, and the violated rights of the people' Not
at all; but it was proposed to recommit, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining with what tone of voice the gen-
tleman from Kentucky had used the offensive
words—in a tone of voice a little louder than his
usual manner, or the contrary. He did not believe
that the people were such casuists as to stop to in-
quire whether the tone was loud or not, so long as
it was clear the offence had been committed. _ For
himself, he must be permitted to say that, to his un-
sophisticated mind, untaught and unskilled aa he
was in the modern school ofhonor, it did strike him
that if the affair was as stated by the gentleman
from Kentucky, and the offensive words were whis-
pered or lisped into the ears of the gentleman from
New York, instead of palliating, it magnified the of-
fence. If the gentleman was, as he alleged, cool as
lie was at the present moment—if the act had not the
apology of heat, of warm blood, of excited passion
for its apology—then it stood out in bolder relief, in
all its baldness and nakedness, inviting the unmiti-
gated censure of this House, which he, for one, was
ready to administer. It is time that the country un-
derstood this matter. It is time that it was known
whether, in this hall, language was to be tolerated,
such as, it was admitted, had been used in this case.
It is time that it were known whether it were neces-
sary for members to come here as representatives of
the people, to transact their business armed to the
teeth with dirks, bowie-knives, and pistols, to de-
fend themselves from one another, and from the
spectators by whom they are surrounded. If it be
so, let it be known; and he would answer for it that,
although the people whom he had the honor in part
to represent did not acknowledge the obligations of
that code of honor which was held in such high esti-
mation by some, yet he could assure the House that
if it were understood that members must come into
this House upon such conditions, to defend them-
selves and the rights of their constituents at such
hazards, New Hampshire, and the frozen regions of
the North, would not be wanting in men who were
prepared to go wherever duty called them—if need
be, to face the cannon's mouth, or the attack of any
other arms which may be brought against them.
The men who inherited their liberties from those
who won them on the tented field of battle, would
still defend them by the same means, even in this
hall, if the call of duty required it.
Mr. H. concluded by remarking that although he
had no motives of hostility to any gentleman prompt-
ing him to the course he had taken, yet he would
assure gentlemen that he should, by no means, be
deterred from a fearless discharge of what he be-
lieved to be his duty.
Mr. WHITE and the SPEAKER entered into
some conversation in relation to the applicability of
the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of order, and
spoke upon it at some length. He contended, in
short, that this House could not punish any mem-
ber without a hearing, which would be the effect of
the motion of the gentleman from New Hampshire.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to de-
bate the question.
Mr. SCHENCK said the point he wished to make
was, that the select committee, under this motion,
having no power but to report a resolution of cen-
sure, under an order of censure, it would be the in-
fliction of a punishment; which the House had no
power to do without a trial and hearing of the par-
ties.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. HAMLIN asked a question of the Chair.
He desired to know whether, should the motion be
adopted, and a resolution be reported in obedience
to the order of the House, it would not then be
within the control of the'House to pass it or not, af-
ter hearing the testimony.
The SPEAKER said that it would.
The question was then put ontte appeal, and it
was decided in sustaining the decision of the Chair,
without a division.
Mr. BELSER inquired if the two resolutions were
divisible.
The SPEAKER said that tliey were.
Mr. HARALSON, before voting, desired to know
of the chairman of the select committee, whether
both the gentlemen were allowed the privilege of
