§80
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
cross-examining the witnesses, and whether they
were present at the examination of the testimony.
Mr. SAUNDERS replied that they were.
Mr. HARALSON. Then, I shall be glad to
have the report and evidence read, that we may act
in the matter at once.
Mr. HOUSTON made one or two remarks not
distinctly heard.
Mr. WHITE submitted to the Speaker, whether
it was not his bounden duty to require the whole of
the evidence to be read.
The SPEAKER said it would be read if any gen-
tleman called for it. Did he understand the gentle-
man as writing the evidence to be read?
Mr. WHITE said that he did, if the resolution
was persisted in.
Mr HUNT of New York said that, with the view
that members might have an opportunity of looking
over the testimony, he moved to lay the subject on
the table.
Mr. J. THOMPSON suggested to the gentleman
that he had better move a postponement.
Mr. ELMER was in favor of a postponement,
and the printing of the papers.
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF inquired whether it
would be in order to move to postpone the subject
to a day certain.
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order
without a withdrawal of the pending motion.
Mr. HALE withdrew his motion, and moved to
postpone the subject till Monday next.
Mr. BELSER said that he was opposed to post-
poning action on this subject. He thought that the
House was as well prepared to act on the matter
now as hereafter. The committee have reported
the facts to the House, and if they are incorrect the
House can now have the testimony read for its in-
formation.
The facts, as disclosed in the report, show that
both of the parties are in equal fault. They fought
willingly, in a public place, in the midst of the peo-
ple's representatives. This, in legal contemplation,
is an affray.
The question is, will the House pass by an affray
which takes place in the midst of its session, in full
view of the Speaker? If they think such conduct
does not merit censure, why, let them say so by re-
fusing the instructions asked for in the first resolu-
tion.
For himself, he would vote for the first resolution,
and to reject the second. The parties were, in a legal
sense, in pari delicto. They both had an agency in
bringing about the transaction, and the law could
hold them responsible for it; and this House should
do the same.
Some further remarks were made by Messrs.
SCH!NCKDICKINS0N' e' j' M0RRIS> and
oA ™?r,Trtion 'i6'"® divided. 0n motion of Mr.
fcUHfilNOK., was first taken upon the postponement
and carried. Secondly, on printing the report; and
upon this branch of the question the yeas and navs
were demanded and ordered, and, being taken re-
sulted as follows—yeas 102, nays 58: '
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Belser, Benton
James A. Blade, Bower, Bowlm, Jacob Brinkerhoft', Bro&
head, William J Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben
Oiapman, (.happen, Clinton, Cobb. Coles, Dana, Daniel
llichdiri I) Daus, John W. Davis, Dean, Douglass Drom-
coolc, Duncan, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlei*, Ficklin, Foster
iJyram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammut, Haralson Hays'
lienley, Merrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard'
Hubbell, Hungerford, James B Hunt, Cave Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy Pres-
ton King, Kirkjjatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis Lucas
Lumpkin Lj on, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McCon-
ncll, McKay. Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norris, Owen Par-
menter, Payne, Emery D Potter. Pratt, David S Reid
Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Robinson, Russell, St. John, Saun-
ters, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, John T
krnuh, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson
John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wneaton, Williams, Wood-
ward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barrin^er.
Barnard, Milton Brown, Buftington, Jeremiah E. C'arv
Carroll, Catlm, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Cranston, Dar-
£arrctt Davis' Dellett, Dickey, Dickinson
Jish, Florence, Foot, Giddmgs, Willis Green, Grinned
feSSl ' i (1u' HarPer- Hoge, Washington Hunt, Jcnks,
rerlej B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P Kin"-
T*81!' ' ^cDowelI> Mcllvaine, Edward J. Morris'
wPli vV ' *atte™on> Peyton, Phoenix. Pollock, Rock-
a i ' RoSers« Sample, Schenck, Senter, Spence Stephens
wS tssier'Vance' Weth™d' ^
So the report was ordered to be printed.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. McTCAY moved that the rules be suspended,
,) wt l ,lse reso,ve itself '"to Committee of
the Whole on the state of the ynion, for the pur-
1V v of resuming the consideration of the tariff bill;
which motion, after a division, was carried, and the
House resolved itself into committee accordingly,
(Mr. Hopkins in the chair.)
Mr. DUNCAN being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the committee until the expiration of his
hour.
He noticed the remarks made by various gentle-
men who had preceded him in this debate, one of
whom had -spoken of unanimity amongst the whigs,
and disunion on the question of the presidency
amongst the democracy; and he took the liberty of
telling that gentleman that his notes of triumph were
sounded too soon. Whoever might be nominated
by the Baltimore convention would receive his sup-
port, and the support of the entire democratic party.
That was good democracy; and the democracy, with
any of the candidates which were presented for their
suffrages, would be able, at the proper time, to beat
the oft-beaten candidate of the other party, however
united they might be. He then proceeded to notice
some of the promises of the whig party in the con-
test of 1840, and to show the inconsistency of their
principles. He also desired the Clerk to read an
ode to be sung by the "united" whig party on their
approaching voyage up Salt river, to the tune of the
"Canadian boat song," "Kow, brothers, row!"
After that he resumed his speech, and spoke of the
principles of the whigs as contradistinguished from
the constitutional principles of the democracy.
Mr. Doncan having given way, without conclud-
ing his remarks,
On motion of Mr. HAMMET, the committee
rose and reported progress.
Mr. DROMGOOLE introduced his colleague,
Mr. T. H. Bayly, lately elected a member of the
House from the Accomac district, in Virginia, to
supply the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
Mr. Wise; and the oath to support the constitution
of the United States was administered to Mr. B. by
the Speaker.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
By Mr. ATKINSON- The memorial of Samuel Rauli ir'
relating to the bursting of steamboat boilers, and the ex-
tinguishment of fires at sea: referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
oo^LMr' SAMPLE:The petition of George S. Harris and
J.I others, praying that some regulation may be made bv
law providing for the drainage of the wet lands in the
vymamac and Fort Wayne land districts, in the State of In-
diana.
petition of Rev. Moses Miller and
71 other citizens of West Hanly, Massachusetts, asking for
a reduction of thf> rates of postage.
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The petition of 69 citizens of Che-
shire, Massachusetts, and vicinity, praying that such a re-
vision oi the tariff may be made as will compel the import-
ers ot foreign wool to contribute a due proportion to the
revenue, and give protection and encouragement to the nu-
merous class of citizens engaged in agriculture and wool
v° ^ extended to the woollen nianufac-
turps and other branches of American industry
r' M/-CiAX: The memorial of Arthur Bronson and
infillAfir11safhnTllnS na certain act of the territorial legis-
for taxes 1SCOnSiI1' relatinS to deeds on sales of lands, lee.
Mr* A memorial of E. Ellery C W
Sflto^im^n,.™m0Mtn,Unsasai,lst any change
By Mr. ATKINSON: The memorial of John K. Cooke
asking compensation for expenses incurred by him when
acting under an order of the government.
l)a^ liV{riMCtCA^TSLEN: The P°bt>ons of John Cripps and
RevohS^rPenLP„C„s!10n: '° Committee
crea3se^fpIienD3^CK: The P6™™ °<"ThoS Parks foranin-
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 7, 1844.
Mr. WHITE presented a remonstrance against
the annexation of Texas to the United Slates
adopted at a meeting of citizens of Michigan city
Indiana: referred to the Committee on Foreign Rel
lations.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the proceedings of a
general meeting of citizens of New Orleans, in favor
of the reannexation of Texas to the United States:
ivr '° t'"5 Committee on Foreign Relations.
• •Mr: BATES presented the proceedings ofa meet-
ot the inhabitants of the town of Royalston
Massachusetts, remonstrating, in strong and decided
terms, against the annexation of Texas to the United
ladonreferred t0 t!le Committee on Foreign Re-
Mr. IIANNEGAN presented a petition from
several citizens of India m, in favor of the estab-
lishment, by the federal government, of an agricul-
tural institute, and asking Congress to appropriate
a part of the Smithsonian bequest for that purpose:
referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they do jfcss, the follow-
ing bills from the House of Representatives, viz:
The bill making appropriation for certain im-
provements on the western shore of Lake Michigan;
and
The bill making appropriation to aid in com-
pleting the harbor of Racine, on the western shore
of Lake Michigan.
Also reported from the same committee a bill to
provide for the appointment, and to regulate the pay,
of engineers and assistant engineers in the revenue
service of the United States; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Several adverse reports of the standing committees
on private claims were taken up and concurred in by
the Senate.
The following bills were reud the third time and
issed, viz:
The bill to apply certain alternate sections of the
public domain for the completion of works of inter-
nal improvement in the State of Michigan, and for
other purposes.
The bill to grant certain lands to the Slate of In-
diana, the better to enable the said State to extend
and complete the Wabash and Erie canal from Terre
Haute to the Ohio river; and
The bill for the relief of George Harrison.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill entitled An act for the continuation of the
Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, was read the third time; and the ques-
tion being Shall the bill pass?
Mr. HENDERSON demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and the question being
taken, the bill was passed by yeas 20, nays 11 as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bates, Benton, Breese,
Choate, Irancis, Fulton, Hannegan, Jarnagin, Johnson,
S'f1 ?lr,' Se™Plo> Sevier, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tappan,
White, and Woodbridge—20.
b NATS-Messrs. Atherton, Bagby, Clayton, Evans. Fair-
w'd' Henderson, Huger, McDuflie, Phelps, Rives, and
Woodbury—11. '
COMPENSATION IN THE NANAL SERVICE FOE
LOSSES AT SEA.
The Senate bill, supplementary to the act entitled
tt • TL t0 reSu,ate tlle Pay of the navy of the
United States," was next taken up, and read the
third time; and the question being, Shall the bill
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and the question being put, the bill
was passed by a vote of 23 to 13, as follows:
fJ,fi^^ess™':B,aTtesiBa>'ar<1' choate- Clayton. Evans,
Fairfield. Francis, Henderson, Huger, Huntington, Jarna-
gin, Johnson, Manguro, Miller, Morehead, Phelps Porter
bwy-a ™m°nS' Stur&eon> White> Woodbridge, and Wood:
tn? bYS—Allen' Atchison, Atherton, Bagby Ben-
Tw^A^fer-"regan'MCDUme' Semp^ Sevier'
[The above bill provides indemnity to officers
seamen, and marines, who have lost or may lose
property on board the United States ships of war
which have been or may be lost by shipwrecks or
otherwise, except by capture.]
Mr. BAGBY presented the credentials of the
hVfh. N who has been appointed
? S«Tr°r, Alabama a senator from that
otate to fill the place so long filled by the Hon. W.
K. King; which being read, he presented himself,
and was qualified. '
th fr°? the House t0 prevent trespass on
landTs> ,5as fea(i twice, and referred to the
Committee rn Indian Affairs.
Mr. BERRIEN from the Committee on the Judi-
i ''• was rcferred the memorial and doc-
2^, t0 extension of the criminal
in ls 11 the United States district and circuit
urts for the district of Arkansas, over the Indian
tlJ'rJPorted a bill supplementary to the act
. ^ An act to regulate the trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace upon
the frontiers; passed 30th June, 1834, which was
le£\/ra or"dered to a second reading.
t 5-i5IYES Presented a memorial from the coun-
ty of Madison, Virginia, urging the policy of an
early annexation of Texas to the United States- re-
M °? Foreig" Relations. '
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Di^
