CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
trict of Columbia, reported a bill for the filling and
grading of square numbered 249, belonging to the
United States, in the city of Washington; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
PRE-EMPTION TO TOWN LOTS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
bill for the relief of citizens of towns on lands of the
United States, under certain circumstances—the
question pending being on the motion of Mr. Hay-
wood to insert in the 4th line of the bill, after the
word "occupied," the words "before the passage of
thts act," so as to destroy the prospective pre-emp-
tion right to lots in towns laid off on the public
lands.
Mr. JARNAGIN opposed this amendment, main-
taining that he saw no good reason why those who
located a quarter section of land, and laid off a town
thereon, should not be as much entitled to the right
of pre-emption to the lots in said town as those who
located a quarter section for agricultural purposes.
If it was right and just in the one case, it was in
the other. If the policy were wise as to the past, so
it would be for the future. He was therefore in
favor of making the right of pre-emption to those
town lots prospective as well as retrospective.
The question was put on the amendment, and it
was rejected.
On motion .by Mr. ATCHISON, the bill was so
amended as to protect the several interests of the in-
dividuals holding lots in any town laid off on the
public lands.
On motion by Mr. EREESE, the bill was further
amended, so as to make it conform to the prospec-
tive principle of rights of pre-emption.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and the
several amendments being concurred in, it was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
THE TARIFF THE COMPROMISE ACT.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution of the Finance
Committee for the indefinite postponement of the
bill introduced by Mr. McDtjffie, to reduce the
rates of duties under the present tariff to the stand-
ard of the compromise act.
Mr. BAGBY addressed the Senate for nearly two
hours, in opposition to the protective policy. In
his prefatory remarks, he considered the subject of
discussion under three heads: first, in relation to the
question of jurisdiction; second, m reference to the
violation of the compromise act; and third, with re-
gard to the special tariff of 1842.
On the first head he dwelt but briefly—admitting
at once that he did not subscribe to the doctrine that
the Senate had the power, under the constitution, of
originating such a bill as that introduced by the
honorable and distinguished senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. McDuffie;] and therefore he should
give his assent to the resolutions reported by the Pi-
nance Committee. But, the discussion on these res-
olutions having embraced the widest latitude of de-
bate on the general merits of the tariff policy, he
had come to the conclusion that it was due to that
section of country to which he belonged, and to the
State which he had the honor in part to represent,
that he should offer to the Senate, on the present oc-
casion, the observations which it was his purpose to
make in reference to the policy of the protective
system.
With regard to the second head—that relating to
the compromise act—he never had viewed that mea-
sure in the same favorable light in which it had been
viewed by some of his friends. He had uniformly
entertained the opinion that the compromise was
calculated to do more harm than good—leaving the
impression that one side demanded more than it was
entitled to, and the other asked less than it consider-
ed its just rights. This led to an assumption of
pretensions which necessarily roused resistance—a
resistance which he trusted never would be abated
till it succeeded in abolishing the system of protec-
tion, which threw the burden of taxation on the real
labor and industry of the country for the exclusive
benefit of a small and exclusive class.
It was upon the third head—that of the tariff act of
1842—that Mr.'B. more particularly dwelt. He re-
viewed it as a measure of protection in contradis-
tinction to a measure for revenue; showing that it
was impossible to find authority for its principles
or purposes, either in the constitution or in the dec-
larations of the fathers of the revolution. He denied
that the slightest grounds could be fairly deduced
from these sources for the doctrine of discrimination,
even for purposes of incidental protection—the only
possible admission of the word discrimination being
with reference to revenue, for the sake of revenue,
and not for the sake of protecting any branch of in-
dustry by contributions levied upon other branches
of industry.
In the course of Mr. B.'s remarks upon the
grounds taken by the senators from Massachusetts,
[Messrs. Bates and Choate,] he expatiated largely,
particularly in reference to the self-gratulation with
which they denied the agency of that State in bring-
ing about the tariff policy of 1816 and 1824, and
their attempt to throw the origin of that system
upon the South. He gave a minute historical
sketch of the circumstances which had influenced the
statesmen of 1816 to resort to a tariff which they
then conceived necessary in view of paying off the
debt incurred by the war in which the country had
been involved. And he showed, that, no sooner had
Massachusetts tasted of the exciting stimulant of
protection growing out of the tariffs of 1824 and
1828, than she became intoxicated with it, and re-
versed her position. To contrast her present posi-
tion with that which she occupied in 1820, he would
ask the Secretary of the Senate to read, for the edifi-
cation of the Senate, a very striking lesson from the
book of Daniel.
[Here Mr. Bagby forwarded to the Secretary's
table a manuscript sheet, which many present for a
moment really thought was an extract from the
Book of Daniel. It was read as follows, occasion-
ing much laughter:]
The following resolutions were moved by Mr. Webster
in 18-20, and adopted by a town meeting of the town of
Boston:
Resolved, That we have regarded with pleasure the es-
tablishment and success of manufactures among us, and con-
sider their growth, when natural and spontaneous, and not
the effect of a system of bounties and protection, as an evi-
dence of general wealth and prosperity.
Resolved, That, relying on the ingenuity, enterprise, and
skill of our fellow-citizens, we believe that all manufactures
adapted to our character and circumstances will be mtro-
duoed and extended as soon, and as fai, as will promote
the public interests, without any further protection than
they now receive.
Resolved, That no objection ought ever to be made to any
amount of taxes equally apportioned, and imposed for
the purpose of raising revenue necessary for the support
of government; but that taxes imposed on the people for
the sole beneiit of any one class of men, aie equally in-
consistent with the principles of our constitution, and
with sound judgment.
Resolved, That the supposition that, until the proposed
tarifl", or some similar measure, be adopted, we are, and shall
be, dependent on foreigners for the means of subsistence
and defence, is, in our opinion, altogether fallacious and fan-
ciful, and derogatory to the character of this nation.
Resolved, That high bounties on such domestic manufac-
tures as are principally benefited by that tarifl", favor great
capitalists rathep than personal industry or the owners of
small capital, and therefore we do not perceive its tenden-
cy to promote national industry.
Resolved, That we are equally incapable of discovering its
beneficial effects on agnculture, since the obvious conse-
quence of its adoption would be, the farmer must give
more than he now does for all he buys, and receive less for
all he sells.
Resolved, Thai the imposition of duties, which now aie
enormous, and deemed by a large portion of the people to
be unequal and unjust, is dangerous, as it encouiages the
practice of smuggling.
Resolved, That, m our opinion, the proposed tarifl", and the
principles upon which it is avowedly formed, would, if
adopted, have a tendency, however different may be the
motives of those who recommend them to diminish the in-
dustry, impede the prosperity, and corrupt the morals of the
people.
Mr, B. commented at considerable length on
these resolutions, praising the sound democratic
doctrine which they inculcated, and contrasted the
principles they maintained with the avowed princi-
ples of the present senators from Massachusetts.
As Mr. B's. speech will be published in full,
it is not conceived necessary to extend this sketch
further at present. When Mr. B. concluded,
Mr. ATHERTON obtained the floor; and on his
motion the subject was laid on the table.
GREAT WESTERN RAILROAD.
The general orders were then called, and the first
bill taken up was Senate bill 90, "to grant to the
Great Western Railway company a right of way
through the public lands of the United States, and
for other purposes."
The purpose of this bill is to grant to the State of
Illinois, for the construction of the Great Western
railroad, the right of way for 100 feet on each side
of the track from Cairo, in that State, to the lakes, a
distance of 450 miles, and to allow the State a pre-
emption right, at the minimum price per acre for ten
years, to the two sections of the public lands m
width, on each side of the road, yet undisposed of,
through the whole length.
The bill was taken up as in committee of the
whole, as printed with amendments heretofore
adopted, and subject to further consideration and
amendment.
No further amendments being offered, the bill
was reported back to the Senate as amended, and
the amendments, as printed, were concurred in.
On the question of engrossment,
Mr- JARNAGIN. inquired what number of acres*
would be granted by this bill, and what was the pro-
posed length of the route.
Mr. BREESE replied that the length of the route
would be about 450 miles; and that no grant of lands
was made to the State by the bill, which only gave
the rights of pre-emption at the government price of
the lands, for the contiguous sections. The gov-
ernment would gain by the construction of the work,
in the increased value of the public domain thu.s
brought into market; and the State would be enabled
to complete a work of great public utility.
Mr. EVANS suggested a change necessary to
confine the right of way and pre-emption to those
portions of the route actually made or in use. He
moved to strike out the words ''may progress and"
in the second and third lines of the first section, and
to insert the words "in actual use."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. EVANS objected to the term often years, as
being an unreasonable time for continuing the right
of pre-emption.
Mr. "WOODBRIDGE explained the views of the
Committee on Public Lands in reference to the great
advantages which would result to the public domain
from the completion of the road, and explained that
until some such avenue of communication was
opened up, those lands would not, for a length of
time, come into market.
Mr. EVANS thought five years would be king
enough. He would not, however, press the objec-
tion. He thought the right of pre-emption extendeu
too far. It would embrace upwards of a million of
acres, covering 16 miles in width, and 450 miles in
length, of the public domain. This appeared to him
unreasonable and unnecessary.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to amend the bill in the
16th line of the first section, by striking out the
words "at each side of the road;" the effect of which
would be to reduce the right of way from 200 feet
in width, as proposed by the bill, to 100 feet, origi-
nally contemplated by the committee.
The CHAIR explained that, in this stage of the
bill, a motion to strike out was not in order.
Mr. TAPPAN observed that if the bill could not
be so amended, he should be constrained to vote
against it.
The CHxlIR remarked that by general assent,
the amendment could be admitted.
Mr. TAPPAN explained why the amendment was
necessary.
This point was debated by Messrs. WOOD-
BRIDGE, TAPPAN, and BREESE.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the bill was so
amended, that the pre-emption right was confined to
four miles in width on each side of the road, in-
stead of eight.
Mr. JARNAGIN objected, that in case of failure
in the project, or the road falling into disuse, no pro-
vision was made for reversion to the United States.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE pointed out a section of
the bill providing for such contingencies.
Mr. HAYWOOD suggested a difficulty which
might arise as to the competency of the State to
transfer the granted rights to a private company.
Mr. BREESE did not see any such difficulty; the
State itself would arrange that matter.
The question then being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading, and the yeas and nays
having been called for and ordered, it was decided iii
the affirmative—yeas 20, nays 9, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Atchison, Barrow Bates. Eeniou,
Berrien. Breese, Crittenden. Evans. Francis, Jarnagin, John-
son, McDuffie, Merrick, Porter, Semple, Simmons, Tappan.
Woodbridge, and Woodbury—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Atherton, Bagby, Clajton, Fair-
field, Haywood, Lewis, Mangum. and Miller—9.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, as amend-
ed, and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate went
into executive session; and, after some time spent
therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 7, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and appHAtd.
TARIFF BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the rules were kus.-
pended, and the House resolved itself into Coinmt'-
