May, 1844;
APPENDIX 'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfife
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Cobb.
H. of Reps.
duties should amount to prohibition; for by that
course of policy alone you can enable the domestic
manufacturer to sell at lower prices by virtue of an
increase of the consumption of his goods; and there
is contained in the argument this additional admis-
sion, that until your duties do amount to exclusion .
or .prohibition, the duty is a premium paid by the
consumer to the manufacturer.
And now, sir, I ask, who is in favor of a prohibit-
ory tariff? Who desires to see duties laid so high
as to exclude foreign articles from your ports alto-
gether, and thereby afford the domestic- manufactu-
rer a monopoly of the market? No one. No, sin
There cannot be found one in,this House who will
proclaim to the country his avowal' of such' an ob-
ject; and yet their arguments drive them inevitably
to that point, if they are serious in urging upon us
the propriety of giving to the home manufacturer an
increased consumption of his products of a means of
enabling him to reduce the price of our goods.
And again, suppose you could effect your object,
and succeed in effectually driving all foreign goods
from our markets, and giving to our manufacturers
an entire monopoly; and I will suppose, further, (a
result which I have no idea would follow,)'that we
shall obtain our goods at reduced prices: I desire to
know from what source we are to obtain our rev-
enue to support the government? None can be de-
rived from impost duties, as a matter of course^as
we buy nothing save of our own manufacture; and
the result is, that we shall be compelled to resort to
that mode of raising revenue which our whig friends
profess to look upon with such abhorrence—viz.
direct taxation. Such, sir, would be the final con-
summation of this protective policy: prohibition and
direct taxation. Let those who desire to bring about
such a result, continue their efforts in the cause; but,
for one, I repudiate it.
My attention has been directed, in the progress
of this debate, to the different-and conflicting posi-
tions which have been assumed by the advocates of
protection, as the peculiar interest of different por-
tions of the constituency might suggest, upon the
very point we are now discussing, of the effect of
high duties upon prices. -It will be recollected that
a collateral debate sprung up upon the first day
of the discussion of this bill, as the time it should
go into operation, upon a motion made by the
chairman of the Committee ofWays and Means,
to fix the 1st of July or September next, as the
time of its commencement. Now, sir, it would
seem that if high duties produce low prices, the con-
verse of the proposition would be equally true, that
low duties would produce high prices, and that,
therefore, it would be greatly to the interest of those
merchants who had large stocks on hand, which had
been brought into the country under the high duties
of the present law, that this act reducing duties
should go into effect at once, as they would undersell
such merchants as might import goods under the
low prices contemplated by the bill under considera-
tion. Hence my anxiety to hear from the advocates
of protection on that question; and you may readily
imagine the interest with which I listened to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Winthrop,] who addressed the committee on that
subject. And to show you the effect that he an-
ticipated from low duties, I will read to you a por-
tion of his remarks, as reported in the National In-
telligencer:
From the National Intelligencer of April 23. 1844.
"Mr. Ovvf.x still retaining his right to the floor, on appeal,
yielded, for the purposes of explanation, to
"Mr. V/intheop, who said, m justice to himself and his
constituents, he wanted to advert to a point which had
been commented upon in the course of the debate. Some
gentleman, in reply to his remarks; had suggested the im-
possibility of the merchants of this country being injured
by any bill suddenly reducing the duties. It was true,
they said, that, if it was a bill materially augmenting the du-
ties, the consequence would be to head the commerce of
the country, and to injure the importingmerchants; but it
could not be so with a bill reducing the rates of duty. Let
him take two separate articles by way of illustration: Take
the importation of piece goods of any sort. As he had al-
ready said, owing to some diminution of prices in foreign
markets, large orders had already been given; the goods
would come m certainly before the 1st of September, per-
haps before the 1st of July. They are received and stored,
and the bill goes into operation. What would be the con-
sequence! These foreign manufacturers, through their
agents, send out imputations of these goods, to come m
under the diminished rate of duty, and destroy entirely any
living profit, and anything except a downright loss on the
importations by the Ameiiean merchants.
"Let them take another case, that of pepper or spice,
which had no relation to the question of protection, but was
purely a question of revenue. He knew the fact that a very
large importation of pepper and other spices had been made
to the port ofBoston and other ports, underthe law ofl642
The very instant this bill was passed, which struck down
the duties on these articles not less than 100 per cent, (which
were purely revenue duties,) these articles would become
utterly unsaleable. There was not a merchant who would
sell another pound of them unti 1 this question was finally-
settled; and in case this bill became a law, large quantities
would be imported under the reduced duties, and the prior
importations would become utterly unsaleable except at ru-
inous losses."
In these remarks we have two important admis-
sions, upon which 1 shall offer no comment, but
content myself with calling your attention to their
careful consideration. First, That the reduced
prices of goods are owing to "some diminution of
prices in foreign markets," and not to the tariff act of
1842, as we have been sometimes told; and secondly,
•that the reduction of duties in this bill is so great
from the present law, (the act of 1842,) that impor-
tations under the act of 1842 could not compete
with "any living profit" with importations under
the law, as we propose by this bill to make it. Let
the farmers of this country ponder well upon these
facts.
By way of testing'the sincerity of the advocates of
protection in their assertions that high duties pro-
duce low prices, we will submit to them a propo-
sition, which will give to their constituents all the
benefits which they fondly promise theinselves from
the imposition of high duties, and, at the same time
will put to rest all complaint upon our part, who do
not acquiesce in the truth of their doctrines. Let us
pass a tariff law upon revenue principles, imposing
duties sufficiently high to raise revenue enough for
all the wants of the government; and then, in order
to give satisfaction to all parties, • and to enable
those States whose citizens believe that the effect of
high duties is to diminish prices, to bestow upon
their people all the benefits which they believe
would result from such a policy, we Will pass an
act, authorizing such States to levy any additional
amount of duties which they may conceive is de-
manded by the interest of their people, under the
provisions of the tenth section of the constitution,
which is as follows:
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any imposts or duties on imports or exports, except what
may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection
laws; and the net produce of all duties and imports laid by
any State on imports or exports, shall be for the use of the
treasury of the United States; and all''such laws sha.ll be
subject to the revision and control of the Congress."
The constitutionality of such an act will not be
questioned, I presume, by those who are habituated
to bestow upon this instrument a liberal construc-
tion; and as I can see no serious difficulty presented
upon that score, I shall be compelled to look upon
a rejection of this offer as strong evidence that the
friends of protection are not altogether sincere in
their professions as to the effect of high duties upon
prices.
For the benefit of certain whigs of the South, I
beg leave to read another extract from the speech of
Judge Clayton in 1832, to which 1 have before re-
ferred; and'his old friends will readily discover in it
the characteristics of that distinguished man. It is
as follows:
"But, sir, if high duties cheapen articles, there must be a
point to which, if the duties are raised, the goods will come
at nothing.- If the gentleman will sit down, and with his
immense powers of calculation, just demonstrate that exact
point to my satisfaction, from that moment I am a tariil
man; I give up my opposition, and fall into the ranks. T
greatly fear, however, that it will turn out like the case of
the stoves. You have all heard of the Yankee, who, in de-
scribing the great advantages of his stove to an Irishman,
said, among other things, (not that high taxes cheapen the
article, but) that they saved half the firewood; then, said
the Irishman, I will take two of them, and save the whole!
"Whv is it, Mr. Chairman, if high duties cheapen articles,
that so many letters from different manufacturers have heen
read upon this floor, stating that their business will be utter-
ly ruined if the duties are reduced? That must be a bad
rule that does n®t work both ways. One would suppose
that, if you raised a duty from a given point, and the price
of the article fell in consequence of it, it would surely rise
up to the same price if you took that same duty off. This
is a very curious matter, Mr. Chairman. Would you be-
lieve it, the country presents this singular aspect: One por-
tion is crying to be relieved of their taxes, without which
they must be ruined; while the other part bitterly com-
plains that if you take off their taxes, they will be pros-
trated? 1 would rather guess, (meaning no offensive allu-
sion,) that this fact points to the quarter where live the tax-
paying consumers."
If the committee will indulge me with a short ex-
tract from the speech of Mr. Meriwether upon this
point, I have done with this branch of the subject.
Mr. M. says:
"The argument that the competition in the United States,
by a protective tariff, has had an influence in reducing the
prices in this country, as well as England, has, at first sight,
a semblance of truth"; but as we advance in its examination,
its fallacy becomes more apparent and conclusive."
You will bear in mind, Mr, Chairman, that all the
extracts I have read from former" speeches, are the
sentiments and opinions of distinguished members
of the whig party; and I aver that you cannpt find,
during that period, a conflicting opinion entertained 1
and expressed by any prominent individual of that
party in Georgia. And yet, sir,' if one of their
number at this day dare to give utterance to Sthese
long-cherished sentiments, "he is forthwith de-
nounced as a changeling and ostracized as k trai^
tor. Such, sir, is theliberality; justice, and. consis-
tency of the whig party of'Crebrgia! - Those whfr
are now living, and active participants in the scenes
through which we are now passing, j^an defend
themselves against the charges which they are
aiding in arraying against themselves. But m bet-
half of the worthy afid honored dead, I appeal td
their friends to interpose and save their characters
from the odium thus indirectly attempted to be cast
upon their memory.
Not unfrequenUy, in the course of the debate, has
allusion been made to the example of England, arid
most glowing and captivating pictures have gentle-
men drawn of the great benefits of the protective
policy to the British government. And they have
appeared to dwell with pleasure upon her accumu-
lated wealth and great commercial importance, and
seemed to pant for an opportunity 10 enter into a
state of rivalry with the mother country". Gentle^
men may derive pleasure in contemplating the scene
presented by her wealthy nabobs, luxuriating in ali
the pleasures and extravagances of life.upon the 0116
hand, and the miserable condition of her half .clad,
oppressed working people, verging on starvation, on
the other, and sigh for similar scenes in our beloved
country. But, sir, I confess the picture/has no
charms for-me. I must trouble 'the House upon
this point with an extract -from the report of Mr*
Habersham before referred to. It comes to us sanc-
tioned by the authority of a portion of a' cbrftmittea
of this body, and it will be received by my con-
stituents, impressed with the purity and honesty of
its honorable author. And I ask the country to
ponder and reflect upon the picture it presents, of
the peculiar benefits of the protective policy -to the
people of England, whose example is so boldly cited
as an inducement for us. to adopt, or rather continue,
a similar system. It is as follows: . •
"As an instance nearest at hand,-we give the following-
extract from an English paper fpund ia the National lat^l?
ligencer oFthe 19th instant, (April, 1842.)
" 'It is said that by the death of the late Duke of Cleave-
land, his eldest son succeeds to £80,000 a year, or nearly
$390,000; Lord "William Pawlett has a legacy of £660,000,
or more than $2,500,000; and Lord Harvey, another of,
£440,000, or upwards of $2,000,000; there is. a legacy of
£200,000, or nearly $1,000,000, to a grandson; the dowager
has the Yorkshire estates, the house in London, and! an im-
mense amount of-plate, jewelry, and furniture. "A large
portion^of the unentailed estates in Durham goes to one of
his daughters. His grace, it is said; had £1,250,000, orabout
$6>000,000, in the 3| per cent, console, besides plate and
jewelry to the value of £1.000,000, or $4,800,000.'
"In the same paper, we find the death of-the Marquis<of
Hertford announced, with the remark that he died worth
£2,000,000, or upwards of $6,900,000. Such estates as these
may, no doubt, be found in every county in England^, and
some even much greater. Now, we do not mean to say
that these immense estates have been altogether created by
the high protection afforded to the landed interest, by.th,e
"high-duties on foreign grain and other products of farming-,
but that much of the accumulation has, no doubt, been from
that source, at the expense of Uje day-laborer, in the increase
of the cost of his food.
"Now let us view the reverse side of the picture. "We ex-
tract the following, from the first paper at hand, as a recent
report. The cases stated are acco'mpanicd by others of like
character, and are, no doubt, true representations of thou-
sands and tens of thousands of cases in England, Scotland,
and Ireland:
" 'Let us peep into the report of the poor-law commis-
missioners, that we may the better understand this new doc-
trine, which the humanity of Great Britain is about to en-
graft on the-law of nations. „
" 'These commissioners visited the poor in their abodes of
wretchedness, and the following are a few of the facts se-
lected from their report:
"One witness says: 'I am counted a good laborer, and
when there is e.nplovment to be had, I am seldom idle.
*•***>! am'idle for about three months in the
vear, on an average. In the beginning of the summer, I
was idle three weeks, one day after another. 1 had no pro-
vision. I sold every article in my house, rather than let my
wife out; you may be sure, we,ate the pnee of them very
sparingly; at la*t, I sold the pot I had to boil my potatoes,
and I walked out of the door myself, my wife, and six chil-
dren. We went off, where we were not known, and beg-
ged.'
Another says:
"I would engage to work at home ever) day in the ) eat
for eight pounds, without food or support of any kind."
Another, in answer to the question, Do your fam-
ily generally use milk with their potatoes? says:
"Milk, sir! I solemnly declare, before my neighbors here,
that I have been lying in my bed, having blister after blis-
ter on me, and tfid not drink a quart cf milk, but ate potatoes
