CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
58 S.
General Land Office, were read, showing that the
design in establishing that office had entirely failed;
that such an offieer as Solicitor of the General Land
Office was a useless appendage to that department;
that the principles involved in all the litigated land
cases were so well understood by the head and by the
whole of the officers connected with that department,
and that the land practice had been so well establish-
ed by the decisions of the courts, of the Attorney
General, and in some cases the Secretary of the
Treasury, that no difficulty could arise such as
would require the investigation and decision of a
solicitor; and that, if any complicated cases should
arise, which might require investigation by a law
officer, they could be submitted to the Attorney Gen-
eral, as had been the practice in cases heretofore,
notwithstanding the existence of the office of so-
licitor, or to the head of the Treasury Department,
as had been done in many cases.
Mr. BARROW spoke some time in opposition to
the abolition of that office, differing with the com-
mittee, and with the head of the Land Office depart-
ment, and maintaining that the office was indispen-
sable to the proper administration of that depart-
ment. He believed that the solicitor was a useful
officer, and that his services could not be dispensed
with. He alluded to the numerous land cases in his
own State, and the other States where the public
lands lie, which would require the action of a law
officer, and contended that it was idle to say that
the Attorney General of the United States, who had
so much important business to attend to before the
Supreme Court, could attend to those laborious and
complicated land cases.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said that he did not antici-
pate that this bill would lead to any discussion. He
wished to observe, that however good the theory
might be, which led to the creation of this office, the
practice under it had given them lessons far more de-
sirable. The office was found to be totally use-
less; it had failed utterly and totally for all the uses
for which it was established.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed till to-morrow.
BANKS OP THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the Senate proceed-
ed to the special orders; and took up, as in commit-
tee of the whole, the bill to extend the charters of
the District banks; which was read, as follows:
Et it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Uidted States of Jlmencain Congress assembled, That the
charters of the several banks herein enumerated, as now
existing and modilied by law, namely, the Farmers and Me-
chanics' Bank of Georgetown; the Bank of the Metropolis,
Patriotic Bank of Washington, and Bank of Washington,
in the city ot Washington, and the Farmers' Bank of Alex-
andria, and Bank of Potomac, in the town of Alexandria,
be, and the same are heraby, extended until the fourth day
of July, one thousand eight hundred and lifty-four: Pio-
vided, That Congress may at any time hereafter alter,
amend, modify, or repeal the charteis of the said several
banks, and the laws modifying the same, or either of them.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it fwither enacted, That if any of the
said banks shall hereafter suspend specie paj inciits, or re-
fuse to pay, on demand, any of their notes, dpposites, or
other obligations, m specic, it shall be the duty of the Dis-
trict Attorney for the District o 1 Columbia, ex officio, to
file a bill beioie the proper court, whose duty it shall be,
upon legal proof of the lact, to decree the forfeiture of the
charter of such defaulting bank, and place it in a state of
liquidation, and wind up its affairs, according to the lules
and practice of a court of chancery.
St-c. 3. And be it further enacted, That at any election
hereafter to be held by either of the said banks, for officers
thereof, no peison shall vote upon such an amount of stock,
to give such number of votfs, as will make a majority of
the whole number of votes givcm at such election; nor
shall any person vote at any such election upon a pioxy
made and executed more than six months pnortosuch
election
Mr. MILLER moved to amend the third section
in'the last line by substituting the word three for
six, limiting the authority of a proxy to vote for
bank officers, to that executed within three months.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SEVIER moved the following amendment
to come in as additional sections:
Skc. 4. And be it fmther enacted, That in case of the fail-
ure of the said banks, or of eithei of them, t© redeem in
specie their respective notes or issues whenever presented,
that then, and in such case, the directors for the time being
of said bank so failing shall, m the first inbtance, be liable
to the holders of the said notes for the amount thereoi, with
all mteiest and costs thereon, and. Jailing the responsibil-
ity of the said directors, that then each stockholder, co-
partnership, or body politic, having a share or share* in
the stud banks so failing, shall be liable and hold bound for
any sum not exceeding twice the amount of his, her, or
their share or shares in such bank so tailing; and such in-
dividual liability both of director or stockholders shall be
enforced as follows: That is to say—one or more trustees
shall be nominated by the. directors of the said bank so
failing, subject to the approval of the President of the Uni-
ted States and Secretary of the Treasury, and erf the chief
justice ofthe circuit court of the District of Columbia, who
shall give bond and security to be approved by them, to
such amount as the said President of the United States,
Secretary of the Treasury, and chief justice, shall deem ne-
cessary for the faithful performance ol the trust to be re-
posed in them; and the ssaid tiustees shall then take pos-
session of the assets of the said banks so failing, and within
ten days make out a statement of the assets of such bank;
in determining which no desperate or doubtful debt, no
note, bill, or other evidence of debt not payable within six
months from the date of such examination, and no real es-
tate, shall be taken into the account. If the entire debt of
such bank, ascertained as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient,
in the opinion of the said trustees, when reduced to cash, to
redeem the outstanding issues or notes of such bank, it
shall be the duty of the said trustees to proceed immediate-
ly to collect the residue fiom the diiectors of the said bank
by means of a writ of scire facias, to be issused in the name
of the United States, against all of said directors who may
be within the jurisdiction oi the court issuing the said
writ, requiring them to show cause why execution should
not be issued for the amount necessary to redeem the said
notes; and the execution maybe ordered by the proper
court at the appearance term of said writ; and in case the
execution, so issued, shall be returned unsatisfied
in whole or in part, for want of property being found suf-
ficient to satisfy the same, the said trustees shall immedi-
ately proceed to collect an amount sufficient to redeem such
notes from the stockholders of said bank by means of awrit
of scire Jacias against said stockholders, in the proportions
aforesaid, which writ shall recite the proceedings against
the directors of such bank, requiring the stockholders there-
in named, to show cause why execution should not be is-
sued against him or them; and execution may be ordered
by the court at the appearance term of said writ: Provided,
That in case any director or stockholder, as the case may
be, shall pay to the said trustees his proportionate share of
the judgment, according to the amount of the stock held
before execution shall issue, then execution, under said
proceedings, shall not be issued against such director or
stockholders, paying his or their proportioned share as
aforesaid, of the amount necessary to be raised to redeem
the outstanding notes of such bank; but such proceedings
shall not operate to release the said bank from liability, nor
from the provisions of the act of Congress, passed on the
25th day of August, 1841.
Sfc. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case the stock-
holders who hold a majority of the stock of either of the
said banks, shall refuse, at general meetings, to be duly con-
vened, to accept the provisions of this act, that then, and in
that case, the corporate powers of the said banks, or of
such as shall refuse, be continued till the 4th day of July,
1850, for the sole purpose of winding up the affairs of said
bank so refusing, subject to all the provisions, restrictions,
and enactments of the act of Congress of the 25th of May,
1838, entitled An act to extend the charter of the Union
Bank of Georgetown in the District of Columbia.
Mr. SEVIER explained, that this amendment
was offered with the. assent of the directors of the
District banks. The three principal points secured
by the additional sections are, first, the liability of
the1 directors; next, that of the stockholders; and
lastly, the sanction of the President of the United
States, Secretary of the Treasury, and Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court to the nomination of trustees
in case of failure.
Mr. MILLER observed that the amendment was
such as he could not approve, because it imposed
unusual restrictions on these banks; but, as he un-
derstood the directors, and those immediately con-
cerned, had given their assent to the amendment, he
should not offer any opposition.
Mr. MERRICK suggested an amendment to the
amendment, which, from the reading, he thought
necessary; and it was adopted: but, subsequently
discovering that it was by many considered likely
to lead to ambiguity, the modification was, at lus
request, reconsidered, and withdrawn.
Mr. TAPPAN moved an amendmend to the
amendment, the effect of which would be to place
the stockholders on the same footing as partners in
trading firms, each being liable, individually, as
well as collectively, for all debts due by the bank in
case of failure. He considered banks as nothing
but trading companies, the stockholders of which
entered into that species of business, not with pa-
triotic views, or for the public benefit, but for the
sake of profit, and making money. It was only
just and proper that they should be subject to the
same laws as other individuals engaged in any
branch of business, pursued for the like purpose of
making money.
Mr. MERRICK contended that, although the
laws of the District made partners in trade liable in
the manner pointed out by the senator, there were
many States in which the liability did not extend
beyond the capital invested by each individual. He
pointed out the laws of special partnership in New
York and some other States.
Mr. BIJCHANANcalledtothe recollection of the
Senate that, when this bill was reported, he gave
notice that he would move to recommit it, with in-
structions to the committee to make the stockhold-
ers personally responsible in those banks. After
that time, he had some communication with a
cashier of one of the banks, which induced him to
prepare an amendment with a view of securing the
noteholders from loss. He found the law of the .
State of Ohio, in relation to its banks, well drawn;
and he compared it with the laws of the States of
Pennsylvania and South Carolina. With these
models in view, he prepared an amendment which
it was his purpose to offer when the bill should
come up. The amendment of the senator from Ar-
kansas differed from his in a few particulars. One
essential difference was with regard to the nomina-
tion of trustees in case of failure or suspension of
specie payments. The senator's amendment gave
the directors—the very parties implicated in the
failure—the nomination of the trustees, whereas his
own amendment referred that matter to the circuit
court. His amendment also proposed to go back a
year and make the directors, who, within the year
preceding the suspension, had been in office, liable
to the note holders, whether they had sold out their
stock, or not, before the failure of the bank. The
public mind had, within a few years, become great-
ly enlightened on the subject of banking. Experi-
ence had proved that nothing would render banks
safe, but the individual responsibility of the stock-
holders. In the State of South Carolina, where for
forty years the principle had prevailed, (the stock-
holders there being liable for double the amount of
their stock,) not an instance of loss to the notehold-
ers had ever occurred. It is the very best check
upon bankers and stockholders ever devised. The
same kind of restrictions he understood existed in
Rhode Island; but he had not been able to obtain
the bank laws of that State.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that there was very little
difference between his amendment and that prepared
by the senator from Pennsylvania. As to the two
particulars in which the difference consisted, he did
not consider them very important. The nomination
of trustees by the directors was subject to the ap-
proval of the President of the United States, the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the Chief Justice;
and, with this control, it was but reasonable that
those so immediately responsible should have the
nomination. These, however, were points which,
if necessary, could be set right when the bill came
up in the Seuate as reported from the committee of
the whole.
Mr. BUCHANAN inquired if the senator's
amendment made provision for advertising stock-
holders.
Mr. SEVIER replied that the list of stockhold-
ers was to be published annually on the 1st of Jan-
uary; and, in the respective banks, at all times,
there is to be a list of the stockholders, for all pur-
poses of examination.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that his amendment
provided that each bank should keep a list of its
stockholders, to be put up at some convenient place
in the public bank room; and that the same list be
published once in every three months in the news-
papers of the District; which publication shall be evi-
dence of the liability of said stockholders in all
courts of law and equity.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that he would have no
objection to a modification to that effect.
Mr PHELPS objected that the amendment of the
senator from Arkansas would incorporate principles
in bank charters against which he should protest.
He would infinitely prefer the motion of the senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Tappan,] which proposed placing
the stockholders of these banks on the same footing
as the partners in a trading company. He knew of
no middle course that could receive his sanction.
Mr. BENTON held that there should be no other
principle of banking but that of immediate and per-
sonal liability. The history of banking for the last
150 years showed that when this principle was fully
carried out, not an instance of suspension had occur-
red. He approved of the amendment proposed by
the senator from Ohio.
Mr. MILLER asked if the senator from Pennsyl-
vania had offered any amendment.
Mr. BUCHANAN replied m the negative.
Mr. MILLER did not deem it necessary to con-
sume time by any further observations than those
he had already made expressive of his non-approval
of the amendments.
Mr. TAPPAN called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted—
yeas 17, nays2ti, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagljy, Ben-
ton, Breese, Colquitt, Fairfield, Hannegau, Lewis, McDuftie,
Phelps, Semple, Sturgeon, Tappan, Woodbury, and Wright
-17.
