586
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
KAYS—Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berricft, Buchanan,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Evans, Francis, Haywood,
Henderson, Huger,' Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Man-
turn, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Rives, Sevier,
immons, White, and Woodbridge.—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was reject-
ed.
Mr, BUCHANAN submitted the following
amendment to the amendment, and it was adopted:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That each of the said
banks shall keep a plain, true, and accurate list "of the
names ot its stockholders, their residence, and the amount of
stock paid and owned by them, posted up for public inspec-
tion, in some convenient place in the public banking room;
and shall cause the same to be published once, every three
months in at least two of the newspapers of the District of
Columbia; which said list, whether posted uji in said hanks,
or published in said newspapers, shall be evidence against
the said banks and their stockholders in all the courts of
law and eqaity.
The question was then put on the amendment of
the senator from Arkansas, as amended; and on this
question the yeas and nays were demanded and or-
dered.
Mr. PHELPS explained that his object in calling
for the yeas and nays was to place his name on
record as opposed to the principle of incorporating
tsuch provisions with bank charters.
Mr. ALLEN, though utterly opposed to this
banking system, had voted for the amendment of his
friend and colleague, because the security it offered
was better than any other; but that having failed, he
should vote for the amendment as it now stood,
believing the bill would be better with it than with-
out it. He should, however, whether it was adopted
or not, vote against the bill itself.
The question was then taken, and resulted, yeas
21, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Han-
negan, Huger, Lewis, McDuflic, Scrapie, Sevier, Stur-
geon, Tappan, White, Woodbury, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Crittenden, Evans, Francis, Haywood, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum, Morehead, Phelps, Rives,
Simmons, and Woodbridge,—19.
So the amendment was adopted.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments,
Mr. STURGEON suggested that, before the ques-
tion was taken, it would be advisable to have the
bill, as amended, printed, that it might be seen
whether further amendment were necessary or not.
At this suggestion, on motion by Mr. PHELPS,
the further consideration of the bill was postponed
till to-morrow, and the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be printed.
On motion to that effect, the Senate went into exe-
cutive session, and after some time spent therein,
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 8, 1844.
TERMINATION OF DEBATE ON THE TARIFF.
Mr. WELLER rose, as soon as the journal had
been read, and remarked that the House had here-
tofore agreed to a resolution to terminate debate on
the bill to amend and modify the tariff act of 1842,
at 1 o'clock this day. Now, he desired to offer a
resolution to extend the time to Friday next, at 1
o'clock. There were many gentlemen that were
desirous to speak on that subject; and it was due to
them that the time should be extended. Ho offered
the resolution on his own responsibility; and per-
haps it was due to himself to say that, as lie had
already spoken, he was not personally interested in
the extension of time for debate which he now pro-
posed. He was proceeding to make some other re-
marks, when
Mr. C. JOHNSON interposed, remarking that
the question was not debatable.
Objections to the reception of the resolution were
made in various parts of the House.
Mr. SUMMERS moved a suspension of the
rules, that the resolution might be received.
Mr. C. JOHNSON demanded a call of the House.
Mr. SUMMERS called for the reading of the res-
olution.
The clerk read it accordingly. It proposed to re-
scind the resolution fixing 1 o'clock to-day for the
termination of the debate, and to fix 1 o'clock on
Friday for that purpose.
Mr. WELLER inquired if a majority could
adopt his resolution—the resolution winch it pro-
posed to rescind having been adopted by a majority.
1 he SPEAKER replied that the resolution was
.not yet before the House; when it was, he would
answer the gentleman's inquiry. It would, howev-
er, require a vote of two-thirds to suspend the rules
for the reception of the gentleman's resolution.
Mr. COBB desired to make an inquiry from his
friends opposite, (the whigs) on an answer to which
his vote would depend; he wished to know whether
the gentlemen on the other side of the House de-
sired to adjourn on the 27th of May.
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes.
Mr. HARDIN also made an observation which
was not distinctly heard.
Mr. VANCE also rose to make some observa-
tion.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that all
debate was out of order.
Mr. VANCE said he should be glad if his col-
league [Mr. Weller] would alter his proposition
Mr. WELLER replied that he would listen to
the suggestion of his colleague as soon as the rules
were suspended.
The SPEAKER then put the question'on the mo-
tion for a call of the House.
A division was called for; and 56 voted in the af-
firmative and 53 in the negative.
So the call was ordered—a quorum not being
cessary to sustain a call of the House.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and having
partially gone through the list;
Mr. VANCE hoped the call would be suspended,
otherwise the remaining time allowed for debate
would be consumed with these proceedings. There
were several gentlemen desirous to speak, and he
trusted they would be allowed to go on.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be suspended; which was agreed
to.
The SPEAKER then announced that the ques-
tion recurred on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HENLEY called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. BARNARD rose to a question of order. He
contended that it was not necessary to suspend the
rules for the reception of this resolution, as the
House could at any time take it up. He relied on
that branch of one of the rule3 of the House which
provides that "the House may, at any time, by a
vote of a majority of the members present, suspend
the rules and orders for the purpose of going into
committee of the whole on the state of the Union;
and also of providing for the discharge of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union from
the consideration of any bill referred to it, after act-
ing, without debate, on all amendments pending, and
that may be offered."
The SPEAKER overruled the gentleman's point
of order. The motion now before the House was
not a motion to "suspend the rules and orders for
the purpose of going into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union," nor a resolution "pro-
viding for the discharge of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the considera-
tion of any bill referred to it"—the two points for
which the rule quoted made provision; but it was a
motion to suspend the rules to enable the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Weller] to offer a resolution.
The Clerk then called the yeas and nays on the
motion to suspend, and they resulted—yeas 92, nays
77, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Baker, Barringer, Barnard, Bel-
ser, Bidiack, Blackwell, Brodhead, Buflington. Burke
Burt, Carroll, Catlin, Causm, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman'
Cobb, Collamer, Daniel, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Richard
p. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dillingham, Douglass,
fJIls, I<oot, Foster, French, Willis Green, Grinnell, Un-
der, Hale, HaraJson, Hardin, Harper, Henley, Herrick
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersol], Irvin'
Jcnks, Ferley B. Johnson, George W. Jones, John P
Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, MeClernand, Mc-
llvame, Marsh, Mathews, Edward J, Morris, Morse, Mose-
ley, JN'es, Newton, Owen, Patterson, Peyton, Phcemx, Pol-
lock, Preston, Ramsey, David S. Reid, Relfe, Roberts
Rockwell, Rogers, Sample. Simpson. Albert Smith, Caleb
"■ Smith, Spence, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Summers
homasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tyler, Vance, Vanme-
ter, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, WetheMd, Winthrop
Woodward, and William Wright—92. '
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Atkinson, Bayley, Ben-
n, James A. Black, Bower, Bowlin, Boj-d, Brengle
Jacob Brinkerhofl", Wm. J. Brown, Jeremiah Biown, Jere-
miah E Cary, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Coles
Cross, Cullom, Dana, John W. Davis, Dean, Dromgoole'
Duncan, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Giddings, Bvram
Green, Hamlin, Hoge, Hopkins, Hubbell, Hungerford
James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Cave Johnson'
Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche, Lucas'
Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, ATaelay, McClelland, McCon'
nell, McDowell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norris
Piatt, Reding, Ritter, Robinson, Russell, St. John, Saun-
ders, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymoui Si-
mons, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Steenrod
Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone. Strong, Taylor'
Wheaton, Williams, and Joseph A. Wright—77, '
So the rules were not suspended, there being less
than a majority of two-thirds.
Mr. BARNARD then moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the bill No 213, entitled a bill to
modify and amend the act entitled "An act to provide rev-
enue from imports, and to change and modify existing laws
imposing duties on imports and for other purposes, shall
cease at two o'clock on Friday next; and that the commit-
tee then proceed to vote upon all amendments pending, or
which shall be offered, and report the same to the House.
Mr. C. JOHNSON rose and moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Commit'.ee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of proceeding with the consideration
of the tariff bill.
Mr. BARNARD insisted upon his motion.
The SPEAKER remarked that a suspension of
the rules to admit the resolution, would require a
vote of two-thirds. And further, there being an
order in existence fixing a time for the termination
of debate, the resolution itself would not be in order.
Mr. BARNARD entered mto an argument in op-
position to this decision of the Speaker; and, in con-
clusion, appealed from the decision.
Mr. COBB demanded the previous question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he thought the shorter
way to get rid of the matter, would be to move to
lay the motion of the gentleman from New York on
the table. He made that motion.
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 110, nays 61, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Barringer, Bayley, Benton,
Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Bower, Bowlin,
Boyd, Brengle, Jacob Brinkerhofl', William J. Brown,
Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Jeremiah E. Cary, Catlin, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Ciohs, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis, John W.
Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee,fFicklin, Florence, "Foster, French,
Giddmgs, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammett, Haral-
son, Henley, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Hubbell, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Perley B.John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas,
Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, MeCler-
nand, McDowell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Murphy, New-
ton, Norris, Owen. D. S. Reid, Reding, Ritter, Robinson,
Russell, St. John, Saunders, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith,
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson
John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thomas-
son, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Williams, Joseph A. Wright and Yost—110
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard,
Belser, Brodhead, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Carroll,
Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston,
Darragh, Dellet,, Douglass, Fish, Foot, Willis Green,
Grmnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvm, Jenks, John P. Kennedy,
Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris,
Morse, Moseley, Nes, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix, Pollock
Preston, Ramsey, Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schenck,
Albert Smith, CaleV B. Smith, Spence, Summeis, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, White, Woodward,
and William Wright.—61.
Mr. McKAY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the State ot the Union, for the pur-
pose of taking up the tariff bill.
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays.
On seconding the demand for the yeas and nays,
tellers were demanded, and the affirmative votes be-
ing counted by tellers, were 46.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 112, nays 59, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Barringer, Bavloy,
Belser, Benton, Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Bower, Bowlm, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhofl',
.brodhead, William J. Blown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
* lt^?1 Cary> Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Chappell. Chilton, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Oross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis, John W.
Davis, Dean, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee,
Jicklin, Foster, French, Byram Green, Grinnell, Hale,
Hamlm Hammet, Haralson, Hoge, Hopkins, Hubbell,
Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon,
McCauslen, Maclay, McClernard. McConnell, McDowell,
Mcllvaine, McKay, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Murphy,
Norris Pollock, Pratt, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding,
Kelte, llhett, Ritter, Robinson, Russell, Saunders, Thos.
H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, John
T. Smith, Thomas Smith. Robert Smith, Steenrod, Ste-
phens, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes,
I aylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentworth, "W hea-
ton Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright and Yos>t—112.
N^YS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Brengle,
Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Causin!
Clinch, Clingman, Cranston, Darragh. Deberry, Dellet
Dickey, Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddmgs, Willis Green'
Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles'
J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Trvixi, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Marsh, Ed
ward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Patterson, Peyton
Phcemx, Ehsha R. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Rockwell,
