600
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Jipproprialton Bill—Mr. Douglass.
H. of Reps.
veyed, the whole country would now be peopled
with American citizens, enjoying the blessings of
equal laws and republican institutions, instead of
Being in the armed military possession of a foreign
power- Thus I have shown that Colonel Polk has
always talcen the American'side of the question,
and 1 feel authorized to say that he is now in favor
of the adoption of the most efficient measures for
the immediate occupation of that territory. In Col
Polk's letter to a committee of citizens of Cincinnati,
dated April 23,1844, he defines his position in regard
to Oregon, in language that leaves no ground for
cavil or dispute. He
"Let Texas be re-annexed, and the authority and laws of
the United States be established and maintained within her
limits, as also in the Oregon Terriiory, and If.t the fixed
policy of our government be, not to permit Great Britain or
any other foreign pouser to plant a colony, or hold dominion
over any portion of the people or territory of tilhtt. These
are mv opinions; and without dt-eming it necessary to ex-
tend this letter, by assigning the many reasons which influ-
ence me in the conclusions, to which I regret to be com-
pelled to differ so widely from the views exprossed by
yourselves and the meeting [abolition meeting] of citi-
zens of Cincinnati, whom you lepresent."
These are the opinions of Col. Polk. They
breathe the true patriotic doctrine. The time has
arrived for bold, immediate, speedy action. We
have slumbered in false security for the last thirty
yeais, in the vaifi hope that the whole question
"would be amicably settled by negotiations. When
negotiations first commenced, Great Britain had not
even a shadow of a title.. She only claimed the
privilege of hunting and fishing in the country, and
asked that rather as a favor than a matter of right.
After the close of the last war, she formally restored
that country to us, in. pursuance of the treaty of
Ghent, as a part of our territory which she had
captured during the war. After she had gone
through the ceromony of surrendering the country,
in compliance with the treaty of peace, she immedi-
ately opened negotiations for its joint occupancy,
!<<r the purpose of fishing and hunting, and tra3e
with the Indians. Unfortunately for the peace and
h'-nor of the country, Mr. Adams, as Secretary of
S^ate, granted her that request, by an article in the
Uvuy of 1818, under which she has sent her hunt-
eis, trappers, and traders, into the country, and
then turned them into farmers, merchants, and sol-
diers, with a view to its permanent settlement and
occupation as a British colony. These settlements
once formed, and the country reduced to actual pos-
session, she grows bolder in her pretensions, and
asserts her claim not only to the possession, but to
the title, of the country. Yes, the very country
which she acknowledged to be ours, and, in 1817,
surrendered to us as such, in pursuance of the treaty
of Ghent, and which, in 1818, she asked of us the
permission to occupy jointly with us, she, in 1826,
claimed as her own, and proposed a negotiation aoout
the title. And I regret to say, that an American
Secretary of State so far yielded his assent to this
unfounded and preposterous claim, as to offer Great
Britain one-half of the whole territory for the privi-
lege of being permitted to retain the other half. Yes,
sir, Henry Clay, as Secretary of State under Mr.
Adams, in 182G, offered to surrender to Great Bri-
tain all that part of the Oregon Territory lying north
of the forty-ninth degree of latitude, which includes
about one-half of the whole territory, or nearly all
the good bays and harbors upon the coast. Here is
the paragraph in Mr. Clay's instructions to Mr.
Gallatin, our minister to England, in which that of-
fer is made:
"You are authorized to propose the annulment of the
third article ol th« convention of ISIS, and the extension of
the line on the parallel of forty-nine degrees, fiom the east-
ern side of the Rocky mountains, where it now terminates,
to the Pacific ocean, as the permanent boundary between
the territories of the two powers in that quarter. This is
our 'ultimatumand you may so announce it. We can
consent to no other line more lavorable to Great Britain."
Mr. Hardin inquired whether Mr. Calhoun had
not expressed the same willingness the other day?
Mr. Douglass said he knew not what proposition
Mr. Calhoun had made; for, whatever correspond-
ence had occurred between Mr. Calhoun and the
British minister, if any, was a state secret, and of
course no one, except the parties to it, knew its
terms.
Mr. Hardin inquired of his colleague (Mr. D.)
did not know that Mr. Clay made this proposition
by way of compromise?
Mr. Douglass. I have already stated that Mr.
Clay offered it as a compromise; that is to say, he
was willing to give, to donate to Great Britain, one-
half of all our territory west of the Rocky mountains,
iipon condition that she would condesQend to allow
us to retain the other half. 1 use the words give and
donate, because it was a mere gratuity on the part of
Mr. Clay. We have a perfect and indisputable ti-
tle to the whole country; whilst I have the authority
of Mr, Clay himself for saying that Great Britain
had not even the.shadow of title to any portion of
it. In the same letter of instructions to Mr. Galla-
tin, from which I have just quoted, Mr. Clay uses
this emphatic language: -
"Nor is it conceived that Great Britain has, or
can make out, even a colwable_tit1e to any pwtionof
the northwest coast!" No, not even a colorable title!
Mark the force of the expression. Not that Great
Britain has a bad title, or that it is imperfect or de-
fective, but that she had not even the color of title.
What honest pretext, then, could the British gov-
ernment make for claiming any part of the territory;
and what excuse can Henry Clay render to the
American people for having offered to surrender to
a foreign power the jurisdiction to two hundred
thousand square miles of terriiory, and the title to
one hundred and twenty-eight millions of acres of
land? I repeat, what excuse can be given for this
monstrous—I had almost said treasonable—propo-
sition? Will it be said that Great Britain was a great
and powerful nation—that she had a mighty army
and navy—that she was aiming at universal do-
minion—that she ■ had almost encompassed the
globe with her possessions, and had surrounded
our country with her fortifications, until a vessel
, could not sail from our ports without pass-
ing under British guns? Are these valid rea-
sons why republican America should quail
before her power—should appease her wrath,
and purchase her mercy, with the fairest and richest
portion, of our beloved country5 Is the proud and
patriotic America—the land of Washington, Jeffer-
son, and Jackson—fallen from her high estate, and
sunk so low in the rank of nations, that she is under
the humiliating necessity of purchasing her rights
by the sacrifice of her honor? And are these de-
grading concessions to be made to an enemy whom
she has twice met and vanquished upon the field of
battle? Let us rather act upon the maxim of Old
Hickory—''Ask nothing but what is right, and sub-
mit to nothing that is wrong;" and then, if need be,
put our trust in the God of battles.
This proposition forms a part of the history of
the country—it has been spread before the Amer-
ican people—the Oregon question remains unsettled,
and Mr. Clay is a candidate for the presidency, ap-
pealing to his former acts as a guaranty of his fu-
ture course. If he should be elected under these
circumstances, his consistency and pride of char-
acter will induce him to claim that election as an
endorsement, by the American people, of his foraier
action, and consequently an instruction for the gov-
ernment of his administration in regard to this great
national question.
The great importance of the Oregon Territory, in
a commercial and military point of view, for the
protection of our vast commerce in the Pacific
ocean, and for opening and facilitating a direct trade
with China and the East Indies, as well as its in-
exhaustible natural resources, and its adaptation to
agricultural pursuits, its fertile soil and genial cli-
mate,—have been so fully discussed and eloquently
portrayed, that I will not weary the committee with
a repetition. If any gentleman desires further in-
formation upon this subject, I will refer him to the
report of Lieutenant Wilkes, commander of the
exploring expedition, from which 1 will read a sin-
pie sentence:
"In comparison with our own counti y, I v  uuld bay that
the labor necessary m this territory to acquire wealth, or
subsistence, is the proportion of one to three; or m other
words, a man must woik thie  times a$ much in the United
States to gain the like (ompetmcy.'"*
This is the country, the occupation of which my
colleague is pleased* to denominate a "humbug,"
and one-half of which Mr. Clay proposes to give
to Great Britain. This is one of the issues to be
decided in November next, by the election between
James K. Polk and Henry Clay. Colonel Polk
takes the Jlmericnn, and Mr. Clay the British side of
the question. The people will decide between
them.
Following the lead of my colleague, I now
come to the consideration of the Texas question.
This, like the Oregon question, he regards as a hum-
bug—another political hobby, introduced by dem-
agogues, for the purpose of riding into power.
If my colleague is right m his view of the Texas
question, the allusion is very unfortunate for his
favorite candidate for the Presidency, Henry
Clay, who, in former days, was lpud in his ad-
vocacy Of the measure, and the first to mount the
hobby. Yes, -he is entitled to the merit of always
having taken the lead on this question; the first to
mount, and the first to- dismount; its warmest ad-
vocate, and its most deadly opponent. But more of
this hereafter. My colleague insists that all the ad-
vantages of the Texas question should accrue to the
benefit of Mr. Tyler, and charges the democracy
with having stolen his thunder. He calls it a ease
of petit larceny, and thinks it ought to be tried be-
fore the grand mquest of the nation in November
next. We are ready for trial, and especially before
that tribunal. We are prepared to introduce the
• evidence; to argue the cause; and submit it to the
people for their decision. From the time we lost
Texas by the unfortunate treaty with -Spain, Col.
Polk has been the-zealous, firm, and unwavering ad-
vocate of reannexation. His bold and manly letter,
in favor of annexation at this time, was written, I
believe, before the signing of the treaty; certainly
before he had heard of that fact. There has been
no changing, no shuffling, no equivocation in his
course. An original friend of annexation, he has
. always been steady and consistent in his opinions.
He has not supported it to-day, and opposed it to-
morrow, with the view of advancing his political for-
tunes in this or. that section of the Union. But
how is it, that my colleague and his whig friends
have, all at once, become the champions of Mr.
Tyler, and the guardians of his political interests;
that they ' should insist that the Texas question is
the captain's peculiar thunder? Have they not call-
ed him a traitor? Have they not moved articles of
impeachment against him? Have they not abused
him as man was never before abused? and yet, for-
sooth, they now come forward and generously offer
him their protection against the encroachments of
the democratic party. The protection they offer, is
the protection which the wolf extends to the lamb.
And for what, sir, did the whig party call Mr. Ty-
ler a traitor, and burn him in effigy throughout the
Union? Was it not for his opposition to a United
States Bank? and that, too, when they knew he had
been the firm, unwavering, and inflexible opponent
of such an institution during his whole life? Mr.
Tyler was nominated at Harrisburg, not only with
a full knowledge of his opinions upon a bank, but for
the very reason that he was opposed to a Bank of
the United States. That convention desired a
northerft man with northern principles for the presi-
dency, and a southern man with southern princi-
ples for the vice presidency; and for that reason se-
lected Gen. Harrison and Mr. Tyler as their can-
didates, with the hope of uniting both sections of
the Union. When that ticket was before the peo-
ple in 1840,1 took particular pains to prove to the
whigs, that, if they succeeded, they would elect a
man who was opposed to them in principle, and
who, if he were an honest man, would defeat their
favorite bank measure, just so certain as he ever
had the opportunity. They elected him with a
perfect knowledge of his opinions upon the subject,
and then passed their bank bill, and threw it in his
teeth, requiring him to veto it, or to repudiate his
principles, discard his conscience, violate his profes-
sions, and forfeit his own self-respect. He chose
the former; and for that act of fidelity, of honesty,
and heroic firmness, he has been called a "traitor."
And those who are in the daily habit of applying
this kind epithet to him, now complain that the
democrats are stealing the captain's thunder. Who
can resist the justice of this complaint, and the sin-
cerity of those who make it, especially when they
persist in saying that the thunder itself is a mere
humbug. Akin to this are the piteous complaints
of the great injustice done to Mr. Van Buren by the
Baltimore convention. My colleague was truly
eloquent upon the subject, and talked as if he felt
deeply thejoss which the nation had sustained in
being deprived of the services of that eminent states-
man? Who that has read the speech of my col-
league upon the life and character of Mr. Van Bu-
ren can, for a moment, doubt his deep affliction, at
what he is pleased to call the sacriffce of that illus-
trious man? I trust we will hear no more, from him
about "opposition to the war," "negro voting," "ex-
travagant expenditures," "negro testimony," "stand-
ing armies," and all that class of topics upon which
my colleague has been in the habit of dwelling with
so much pleasure and delight. These old charges
have all been washed out by the crocodile tears
which he has shed with such profusion on the pres.
ent occasion. I see that the subject is unpleasant to
him, and I will therefore leave it, and return to the
Te^as question.
