CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
Rogers, Schenck, Senter, Albert Smith, Spence, Summers,
Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, White, and
William A. Wright—59
So the House resolved itself into a Committse of
the Whole, (Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. DUNCAN asked the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] who was entitled to the floor,
to yield it to him, to enable him to display some
whig banners used in 1840.
Mr. BURT having consented—
Mr. BARNARD insisted it was not in order;
and that the gentleman from South Carolina could
only yield the floor for purposes of explanation.
Mr. DUNCAN displayed to the House several
whig banners, with inscriptions and devices; during
which time he was frequently called to order by
Messrs. BARNARD, HARDIN, and CAUSIN.
Mr. BURT then took the floor, and addressed the
commit ee up to the expiration of his hour, in an
argumentative speech against the protective sys-
tem.
He had supposed that, at least in theUnitedStates,
it was held as a principle of liberty that taxes were
the voluntary contributions of the people; that they
were the legitimate contributions for the wants of
the government, given by the representatives of the
people. But the effect of this system was to destroy
that principle; and not only to destroy the principle
of responsibility to pay taxes, but to bestow on
those who impose taxes a direct pecuniary interest
in their imposition. It was said, however, that this
system compensates for the burdens which it im-
poses; and it was said that the advantages of this
system were felt even by the cotton-growers of the
South. He proceeded at great length to examine
the operation of the tariff on southern interests, and
to show that it was disadvantageous.
Mr. ELLIS next obtained the floor, and spoke
until the hour of one o'clock, when the falling of
the Chairman's mallet announced the arrival of the
hour at which all debate must terminate, pursuant to
a resolution of the House.
He stated his objections to the bill before the
committee. He said he was opposed to any at-
tempt at a modification of the existing law until it
had been more fully and practically tested by expe-
rience. He said that the people did not call for any
change, and that the prosperity of the country
might be hazarded by any experiments which
might now be made; that a change was not demand-
ed by the condition of the revenue, which would be
ample for the wants of the government; that fluctu-
ations in the revenue laws of the country had done
much heretofore to unsettle its industry, and ought
not now to be renewed without imperative necessity.
He admitted that the existing law is defective, and
might be judiciously amended; but. not at a time
when political feeling and excitements unfit the coun-
try for discreet action. He supported the doctrinc
of incidental protection—a competition tariff—but
was utterly opposed to the rule laid down by the
Committee of Ways and Means, that the lowest
duty which will produce the desired sum, is the true
and legitimate revenue duty; which, he insisted, was
legislating against incidental protection. He object-
ed to the present bill as making radical changes, and,
in some cases, ruinous; and that us tendency is to
prevent anything from being made here which can
be brought from abroad. He objected, also, that in
many cases it favors, by its reductions, many of the
luxuries, while in others it must operate against the
labor of the country. He objected also to the es-
tablishment of the horizontal duty of 25 per cent.,
as utterly subversive of all discriminating protection;
and also to the adoption of the system of foreign
valuation, which would make the revenue dependent
on the caprice of foreign prices, and enable the for-
eign importer to defraud the revenue, and ultimately
drive out the honest American importer. He in-
sisted that the question should not be made a politi-
cal one, and that the present law was passed by the
support of a large number of democratic represent-
atives, and carried in opposition to a much larger
number of whig members, who more than once de-
feated it in its progress.
Mr. WINTHROP obtained permission to make
one or two observations; and then the committee
proceeded to vote 011 the pending amendment.
The question was then taken upon the pending
amendment of Mr. Seymour of New York, which
was to strike out from the fourteenth line of the
first section, the word "fifteen," and insert "thirty,"
so that the clause, if the amendment were adoptod,
would read thus:
On all coarse unmanufactured wool, the value whereof,
at the last port or place whence exported to the United
states, shall be seven cents or under a pound, there shall be
levied a duty of thirty per centum ad valerem, instead of
the duty of five per centum imposed by the said act."
Upon this question tellers were ordered, and
Messrs. Winthrop and C. Johnson were appoint-
ed, who reported the vote as follows: 44 in the af-
firmative, and 77 in the negative.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. REDING then moved to strike out the word
"fifteen," and insert "twenty-five," and called for
tellers. Messrs. Winthrop and McDowell were
appointed, and having counted the votes, they re-
ported 85 in the affirmative, and 65 m the negative.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CARY of New York offered the following
amendments to the first section:
1. Strike out all after the word act in the 15th
line, and all of lines 16, 17, and 18, so as to leave
the duties on wool costing over seven cents per
pound the same as now established by law: re-
jected.
2. Strike out the word "thirty" in the 16th line,
and insert the word "forty" m heu thereof: re-
jected.
3. Strike out the word "thirty" in the 16th line,
and insert the words "thirty-five" in lieu thereof:
rejected.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to amend by striking
out from the 30th line the word "twenty," and in-
serting- "thirty," so that the clause would read as
follows:
On all milled or fulled cloth, known by the name of ker-
seys or Kendall cottons, of which wool shall be the only
material, the value whereof shall not exceed thirty-five cents
the square yard at the last port or place whence exported,
tliure shall be levied a duty of thirty per centum ad valo-
rem, instead of the duties imposed by the said act.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART of Connecticut moved to amend
by striking; out the word "ten" from the 38th line,
and inserting "fifteen," so that the clause would
read thus:
On all woollen blankets, the actual value of which at the
piece whence exported sh3ll not exceed seventy-five cents
ewh, there shall be levied a duty of fifteen per centum ad
valorem.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEYMOUR of New York moved to strike
out the 10th subdivision of the first section relating
to ready-made clothing. Ry striking out this clause,
the duty would remain as under the law of 1849.
The motion was negatived.
The first clause of the second section being as fol-
lows:
On all manufactures of cotton, or of which cotton shall
be a component part, not otherwise specified, and excepting
such cotton-twist, y am, and thread, and such other articles
as are herein otherwise provided for, there shall be levied a
duty of twenty-five per centum ad valorem, 3nd the pro-
viso to the second subdivision of the second section of the
said act shall be, and the same is hereby, repealed
Mr. STEWART of Connecticut moved to strike
out "twenty-five" and insert "thirty:" rejected.
Mr. CATLIN moved to amend "by inserting after
the words "ad valorem" the following:
And Oil all manufactures of cotton there shall be levied a
duty of forty per centum ad valor* m.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. REDING moved to amend the following:
On all raw silks, comprehending all silks m the gum,
whether m hanks, reeled, or otherwise, there shall be levied
a duty of twelve and a half per centum ad valorem, instead
of the duty of fifty cents per pound, imposed by the said act:
by striking out "twelve and a half" and inserting
"nineteen;" and upon this motion he asked for tel-
lers.
Tellers were appointed, who reported 74 votes in
the affirmative, and 62 in the negative.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. FRENCH moved to strike out the article re-
ducing the duty on cotton bagging, and Manilla
and other grasses of which it is made, so as to leave
the duty as it is under the present taritf: rejected.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to strike out, in the 42d
line, "25," and insert "30," [the duty on cotton
bagging:] rejected.
Mr. MURPHY moved to strike out, in lines 44
and 45 of section 3, "tarred and untarred cordage,
yarns, twine, pack-thread," so that the duties on
those articles will remain as they are under the pres-
sent law: rejected.
Mi.FRENCH moved to stiike out the words "cot-
ton bagging, of whatever material composed, or any
other manufacture, not otherwise specified, suitable
for the uses to which cotton bagging is applied, of
whatever material composed:" rejected.
Mr. McDOWELL moved to strike out "15,"
and insert "12," in line 8, page 7, [iron in bars and
bolts, not manufactured by rolling:] rejected.
Mr. BIDLACK moved to increase the duty on
unmanufactured iron from 15 to 17 per cent.: re-
jected
Mr. BIDLACK moved to strike out "20," and
insert "25," in the 11th line, [i. e., on bar and bolt
iron, made wholly or in part by rolling:] rejected.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to strike out "10 per
cent.," and insert "15 per cent.," [on railroad iron,]
so as to make the railroad companies pay as much
duty as the farmer does for his axe: rejected.
Mr. BIDLACK moved to strike out, in the game
line, "10," and insert "25:" rejected.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved to strike out the whole
of the clause relating to railroad iron: rejected—ayes
47, noes not counted.
Mr. REDING moved to strike out "10," in the
15th lino, [on railroad iron,] and insert "15:" re-
jected.
Mr. G. W. JONES movecPto strike out "15," in
the 7th line, and "20," in the 10th line, and insert
"10;" also, to strike out "17," in the 8th line, and
insert "10," so as to bring all other iron to the same
rate of duty as railroad iron: rejected.
Mr. Gr. W. JONES moved to strike out all that
part of the section relative to iron, and insert in lieu
thereof a duty of 30 per cent, ad valorem: rejected.
Mr. McDOWELL moved to strike out $20, the
proposed amount of duty on railroad iron, and in-
sert $15.
It was negatived.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to add a proviso to
that section, to provide that all railroad companies
should give ample security that they will transport
the United States mail at a rate not exceeding 25
per cent, more than the cost of transportation by
stage.
Mr. MURPHY moved to strike out the words
"25 per cent.;" which was negatived.
On the amendment tellers were ordered; and
Messrs. McDowell and Winthrop were appointed,
and they reported 69 in the affirmative, and 70 in
the negative.
The amendment was accordingly rejected.
Mr. G. W. JONES said he would make one
more motion in relation to this railroad iron. He
moved to strike out "10," and insert 18, so as to
make the duty on railroad iron $18 per ton, instead
of $25, as at present.
The amendment was rejected.
The second clause of the fourth section having
been read, proposing duties on pig iron, &c.,
Mr. BIDLACK moved to strike out the whole
section.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. BIDLACK then moved to strike out §7, the
duty proposed on pig iron, and insert §9.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. HOGE proposed out the $7, and insert 30
per cent, ad valorem: which was negatived.
Mr. SIMONS moved to strike out $7 and insert
§8; which was negatived.
The third clause was next read, which proposed
a duty of $6 per ton on old scrap iron, instead of
§10, as at present.
Mr. DANA moved to strike out $6 and insert $8;
which was negatived.
Clauses four and five were read and passed,
without any attempt to amend them.
Mr. STEWART of Connecticut moved to strike
out clause 6, which proposed to fix duties on ja-
panned wares, plated wares, papier mache, &c.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. STEWART then proposed to increase the
duty from 25 to 30 per cent; which was negatived.
Clauses 7 and 8 were passed without any propo-
sition to amend.
The 9th clause was next in order. It proposed a.
duty of $1 per ton on coal, instead of $1 75, as at
present; and on coke and culm of coal, 30 per cent,
ad valorem, instead of 5 cents per^bushel, as at pres-
ent.
Mr. HAMLIN, with the approbation of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
proposed to amend this clause so as to impose a
duty of 30 per cent, ad valorem on cord wood.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. HAMLIN then offered his amendment so as
to provide for a duty of 29 per cent.; which was
negatived.
He afterwards offered it with the proposed duty
reduced to_28 per cent.; which was also lost.
