June, 1844.
APPENDIX 1*0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601.
28th Cong 1st Sess
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Douglass.
H. of Reps.
As he has chosen to make up an issue between
Mr. Clay and Gov. Polk upon that subject, I will
look into the former course of Mr. Clay, and con-
trast it with the one he is now pursuing. It will be
recollected that Texas was included in the purchase
of Louisiana, in 1803, and remained ours until the
treaty of 1819, by which it was ceded toSpain. In
1820 Mr. Clay made a speech in this House in .op-
position to that treaty, maintaining that our title to
Texas was as clear and indisputable as to New .Or-
leans; that the constitution conferred no power to
alienate any portion of our territory, without the
concurrence of Congress; and' that it was the duty
of Congress to set aside the treaty, and reclaim Tex-
as, and restore it to the Union. I will read one
paragraph from that speech. Mr. Clay said:
"Let us put aside the trfaty; tell her [Spain] to grant us
our own rights to their uttermost extent; and if she still
falters, let us assert those rights -by whatever measures it is
for the interest of our country to adopt."
. When Mr. Clay became Secretary of State under
Mr. Adams, he persisted in his determination to re-
claim Texas, and make it once more a part of the
United States. On the 26th of March, 1825, only
twenty-two days after his installation into office,
Mr. Clay instructed Mr. Poinsett, our minister to
Mexico, to open' negotiations with that country for
the re-annexation, and went into a lengthy argu-
ment to demonstrate its great importance in a milita-
ry point of view, insisting that the Sabine ap-
proached so near New Orleans as to endanger its
peace and safety, and that the Red river and Arkan-
sas, and their tributaries, ought to be entirely within
the limits, and under the jurisdiction, of the United
States. In 1827, Mr. Clay renewed his instructions,
and desired the Rio del Norte as the boundary, offer-
ing at the same time a large sum of money as the
consideration. I may here add, as I am passing,
that General Jackson, Mr. Van Buren, and Mr.
Forsyth, made similar applications, and offered still
larger 'sums of money for the purchase of that coun-
try, all placing it upon the ground that, in addition
to its other numerous and incalculable advantages,
the possession of Texas by this country was abso-
lutely essential to the successful defence of New
Orleans, and the whole Mississippi valley, against
the invasion of a foreign enemy. But, sir, in de-
fiance of all his official acts and recorded opinions
upon this subject, we now find Henry Clay op-
posed to the re-annexation of Texas, and advocating
a separate republic, "which, we all know, would be
under the influence and protection: if not the direct
control, of the British government. What has
transpired to produce such a total revolution in his
opinions upon a question so important and vital to
our interests and security as a nation? True, Texas,
in the mean time, has declared and established her
independence of Mexico; but does that fact render
her less formidable in the hands of a foreign enemy
in war, or her, increased commercial advantages less
desirable in peace? The changed condition of Texas
can have produced no other effect than to render the
reasons for reannexation more urgent and impera-
tive. I repeat, then, what can have produced this
wonderful change in the opinions of Mr. Clay?
Neither he nor his friends will condescend to inform
us. And I must confess, that they show their pru-
dence by their silence. But whilst Mr. Clay does
not attempt to reconcile his present with liis past
opinions, or to explain away his gross inconsisten-
cies, lie has offered a few reasons—if, indeed, they
are entitled to be called reasons—in his Raleigh-let-
ter, in support of his present position. In that let-
ter he assumes that Texas and Mexico are engaged
in an. actual- war, and then contends that the re-
annexatidn of Texas, whilst that supposed war con-
tinues, would be a violation of the laws of nations,
and a breach of our treaty stipulations with Mexi-
co. Protesting -that -there has been no open,
actual war existing between Texas and Mexi-
co for the last eight years; that a Mexican
army has not ventured to encamp on Texian
soil within that period; that there has been noth-
ing in the shape of actual hostilities, except a
series of marauding incursions, under the cover
of night, for the purpose of plunder and murder,
which were no sooner discovered than repelled;
affirmed this to be the true state of the relations be-
tween Texas and Mexico for the last eight years—
I propose to compare Mr. Clay's former acts with
his present opinions, on the supposition that the
facts really areas he assumes them to be. Was
there no war between Mexico and Spain in 1825,
when Mr. Clay proposed to purchase Texas from
JMexico? Mexico was a revolting Spanish province,
Spain was attempting to reduce her to subjugation,
and was at that .moment in possession of the strong-
est fortresses in the province, with six thousand
soldiers in the field. The war was actually raging,
and the Spanish government protested against our
interference, alleging her ability and determination
to reconquer Mexico.
Under these circumstances, with a full knowledge
of the existence of the war, and of the intentions of
Spain, Henry Clay, as Secretary of State, renewed
his instructions to Mr. Poinsett for the .purchase of
Texas from Mexico.
Was that proposition an adoption of the war which
Spain Was then .waging against Mexico? Was it a
violation of the laws of nations, and of our treaty
stipulations with Spain? Did Henry Clay, in the
name of his country, commit a crime of that enor-
mity, and thereby disgrace the nation, in the eyes
of the whole .civilized world? This conclusion is
inevitable, if his present position in regard to Texas
is tenable. He convicts himself, by his own testi-
mony, of that high crime. Has he shown himself,
by his own acts, a safe man to be intrusted with the
foreign, as well as the intrenal, affairs of this great
republic?
In his speech of 1820, previously referred to,
Mr. Clay gave another reason for the admission of
Texas into the Union again, in which I fully con-
cur. It was conclusive then, and has lost none
of its force by the lapse of time. Our treaty of
1803 with France, by which we acquired Louis-
iana, including Texas, contains the following pro-
vision:
'•The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorpo-
rated in the United States, and admitted as soon as possible,
according to the principles of the federal constitution, to
the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages and immuni-
ties of citizens of the United States; and. ;n the mean time,
they shall be maintained and protected m the free enjoy-
ment of their liberty, property, and the religion which they
profess.'"'
This section of the treaty remains in full force,
and, by the constitution of the United States, is de-
clared to be "the supreme law of the land." What
right, then, had this government to cede Texas to a
foreign power, in violation of this solem treaty stip-
ulation? Are not our treaties with France as sa-
cred, and ought they not to bepreserved as inviolate
as those with Mexico or any other nation? This
treaty requires the immediate admission of Texas
into the Union, for the time has now arrived when it
can be done "according to the principles of the fede-
ral constitution," she having the requisite number
of inhabitants. The faith and honor of this nation
are irrevocably pledged to France and to the inhabit-
ants of all the original territory of Louisiana, to ad-
mit Texas into this Union, The people of Texas,
as a part-of "the inhabitants of the ceded territory"
of Louisiana, have a right to demand admission,and
you cannot deny them. The refusal would be such
an act of unparalleled and unmitigated perfidy as no
American Congress dare commit in the name of the
American people. These were once the views of
Henry Clay. In 1820, he enforced them with great
power and effect. But a wonderful change has
come over the spirit of his dreams; he has forgotten
our treaty stipulations with France—our plighted
faith to the inhabitants of Louisiana. These have
all passed from his mind, and he can now only see
Mexico backed by England, and he trembles at the
vision. Aside from the imperative duty resting
upon us to reannex Texas for the considerations to
which I have alluded, there are many others, suffi-
cient in themselves, affecting the expediency of the
measure. The first relates to its great importance in
a military point of view, as acknowledged by the
administrations of Messrs. Adams and Jackson,
when negotiating for its purchase. Indeed, General
Jackson, whose opinion upon that subject is worth
more than that of any man living, considers it indis-
pensable to' the defence of New Orleans, and the
whole Mississippi valley, against a formidable foe.
Mr. Hardin said Gen. Jackson had defended both
without Texas.
Mr. Douglass. Yes, but I greatly fear that when
we get into another war with Great Britain, we will
not have a Jackson to lead our forces. Such men
"are like angel's visits, few and far between." Gen.
Jackson did at New Orleans what no other man
could have-done, or must ever be expected to do
again. It was one of those brilliant, unrivalled
achievements, which stand forth on the page of his-
tory, without a parallel. But it must be recollected
that Texas was then, comparatively speaking, an
unpeopled wilderness. If it had then been densely
J populated, and in the possession of the enemy,
where he could have concentrated and supplied his
armies upon our borders, without any intervening'
barrier to impede his march, we might well have
apprehended a different result. We'must look at
this question as it really exists. It will hardly be
denied, with • the evidence before us, and surround-
ing us, and thickening upon us every day, that.
Great Britain has designs upon Texas, which she
has been a long time maturing, and is certain to ac-,
complish the moment that all hope of annexation is
cutoff. I must here be permitted to express my
"utter astonishment at a remark which11 heard fall
from the lips of the venerable gen tleman, [Mr. John
Q.bincv Adams, of Massachusetts,] in the - early
part of the session, in a discussion upon the Ravy.
He charged that the late increase in the navy,
and the large appropriations asked for it, were
designed to be used for the purpose of prevenfing
Great Britain from taking possession of Cuba, and Tex-
as; and avowed his unwillingness to go to war with
England upon any pretext, or for any purpose what-
ever: not even to prevent England from talcing i Cuba
and'Texas! I was astounded at the declaration;
and am still surprised that any American should
have been found, who could have secretly harbored,
much less avowed, on the floor of Congress, such
a sentiment. Texas is the entrance to the Missis-
sippi valley, and Cuba is the key to the Gulf of
Mexico.' We might as well surrender Kew Or-
leans into the hands of England, as to allow her to
take possession of the island of Cuba. The one ia
as essential as the other to the free'navigation of the
Mississippi arid -the Gulf, without which we could
hardly be considered.an independent nation. Great
Britain has already nearly surrounded us by a net-
work of; fortifications. She'has possession of our
own Oregon, With the whole line of the Canadian
frontier, from the Rocky Mountains to the Atlantic,,
strongly fortified; • with New Brunswick, Nova
Scotia, and even a part of Maine in the East, and
the Bahamas and Bermuda islands upon our Atlan-
tic coast: to these let her' add Cuba and Texas,
and the work is done. If nine millions of dollars to
the navy is necessary to prevent such a consumma-
tion, I am prepard to vote that sum;'and if it re-
quires ninety-nine millions, I 'will cheerfully vote
that. If it costs us a w.ar; let it come. It .is time
England was taught that North America has been-
set a part as a nursery for the "culture of republican
principles, and that there is no room here for a
monarchy or its dependencies.
But we have been told that there is no .probability
of Texas being annexed to England. That is very
probable. I presume that Texas would not be an-
nexed inform, nor become a province in name. But
the alliance would be so perfect and complete, that
the effect upon this country would be the same asifit
were a British colony. The first step, doubtless,
would be to form a commercial treaty, by which
Texas cotton would be admitted into England free
of duty, and English goods irtto Texas at a nominal
duty, whilst both countries would impose high du-
ties upon American products. The result of this
arrangement would be, that American cotton, - of
which we are in the habit of_selling to England more
than thirty millions of dollars per annum, would be
excluded from the British market, and Texas cotton
would take its place, for the very reason that our
cotton, after paying a high duty, could not be af-
forded at'as low prices as the Texas cotton, which
would be admitted duty free. Here, then, upon
one item this country would lose a trade of thirty
millions of dollars a year—being about one-third
of the whole amount ,of our domestic exports. An-
other consequence would be, that Great Britain
would supply Texas, and, through Texas,. all the
north of Mexico, with goods, to the exclusion.of
all American manufactures-—thus depriving our
manufacturers of what is already a very extensive
market, and soon will be one ef the best in the
world. Another effect would >be, that the cotton
planters of the South will be compelled to abandon
their former occupations, for the reason that they
cannot find a market for their cotton, and enage in
other agricultural pursuits, and thus greatly increase
the amount of agricultural products, at the same
time that you restrict 4he market and diminish-the
demand. Of course, the effect of this operation
would be to reduce the price of all kinds of produce,
and injure the farmer to that extent. Such are a
few of the practical results, prejudicial to the great
agricultural, manufacturing, and commercial inter-
ests of this country, which may be apprehended, if
such a treaty should be formed between Texas and
England, as it is understood the Texan miaig--
