APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28tH Con6 1st Sess.
Revolutionary Pension Laws—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
ter is. authorized to proceed to England and con-
clude,. in the event we do not annex Texas.
Such a treaty would be mutually beneficial to
Texas and England, and exceeding injurious to
uf?, but we would have no right to complain of that
after ha>ing refused to receive Texas into the
Union. Texas would become alienated in feel-
ing and interest from us, and we from her; whilst
the' cords of friendships and interest between her
and' Great Britain would be drawn closer and closer;
treaty would follow treaty, alliance succeed alliance,
and arrangement added to arrangement, until the
union between them would be so complete, that, as
we'were concerned, they would be one nation.
Whilst, therefore, interest and patriotism—nation-
al glory and security—all unite in prompting us to
embrace .the "present golden opportunity" to extend
the principles of civil and religious liberty over a
large portion of the continent, why should we hesi-
tate to add the "lone star" to our national flag, and
reunite our territory, our countrymen, our brethren,
and friends? My colleague [Mr. Hardin] has in-
formed us that he and his whig friends will take
issue with us upon this great question, and put
themselves upon the country for trial in November
next. Be it so; we are willing to meet them upon
all these issues, and submit them to the people for
decision. With POLK and DALLAS as our stand-
ard-bearers—Oregon and Texas, democracy and
freedom, inscribed upon our banner—we are ready to
rush to the battle, with "victory 01• death" as our
watchword.
REMARKS OF MR. BOWLIN,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives, Wednesday, May 29,
1844—On the bill to amend the revolutionary
pension laws.
The House having resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, [Mr. Wel-
ler of Ohio in the chair,] and having resumed the
"bill to amend the act entitled An act granting half-
pay and pensions to certain widows, and the several
acts and resolutions amendatory of the same, and to
extend and continue the provisions thereof," and
the question being upon an amendment submitted
by Mr. Davis of Kentucky to extend the operation
of the revolutionary pension laws to officers and sol-
diers who served in the Indian wars prior to the
treaty of Greenville, under the authority of the Uni-
ted States, and to their widows—
Mr. BOWLIN rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: I rejoice in the privilege of the floor
upon this question. I rejoice in the opportunity of
giving my humble support to the amendment of the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Garrett
Davis.] With feelings of pride, sir, I shall ever
vindicate the claims to the bounty of this govern-
ment of that little remnant of brave men who periled
so much in securing our indisputed possession of
the territory of the northwest. They properly as-
similate with the heroes of revolutionary times,
whose deeds are the crowning passages of our coun-
try's history. And if the former have been less suc-
cessful than the latter in wearing around their brows
the patriot's laurels of imperishable glory, it is only
that the fields of their patriotic enterprises were less
conspicuous. It is in a war with civilized nations
that laurels are to be won—it is in the irregular and
predatory warfare upon the frontiers of civilization,
that dangers as to be encountered, and perils to be
passed. And how full of thrilling dangers, hard-
ships, and persevering bravery, is the history of the
pioneers of the West? It is to their struggles and
their perseverance that we are indebted for the tri-
umphant extension of the victories of the revolution
to the backwoods and prairies of the great North-
western Territory. Yes, sir, the work of .the rev-
olution would have been incomplete while a savage
foe, inflamed through a long and harassing war,
was left in possession of the fairest portion of the
republic. To our pioneer soldiers, the perilous duty
wa<i then assigned of reclaiming that broad land from
the savage and his British allies; and the duty was
accomplished, as you are well aware, sir, in a con-
test, and at a price, not to be cancelled by drafts upon
your treasury.
In their sacrifices, in their achievements, in the
time and circumstances of the Indian wars of the
west, the pioneer soldiers of those wars are inti-
mately identified with the veterans of the revolution.
They suffered perhaps more than the men of'76--
endured greater perils, greater hardships, exhausting
the vigor of their youth, and sapping their physical
energies irrtheir country's service; and why, then, I
would ask, sir, should they not participate in the
claims presented to their country's gratitude? Their
numbers are small. They were small at the termi-
nation of their wasting wars, for their defeats were
mark.ed by almost universal slaughter, and their
victories were only purchased in, heavy sacrifices o
their best and bravest spirits. Yet small in num-
bers as were that -little band of survivors then, the
ravages of time have steadily contributed to their
diminution. One by.one, old, decrepid, and too often
poor and forlorn, they have been dropping; away,
till at length, here and there, a solitary patriarch of
the past, lingers a stranger upon his staff among the
increasing multitudes of the Mississipi valley. The
young cluster about Kim to learn of a generation and
of strifes that are past; and when he tells them that
he is poor ami hungry, while they encourage the
gray-haired veteran with the ministrations of chari-
ty, they curse the parsimony of the government,
whick, while it is squandering millions in idle ex-
periments, suffers its defenders to die in poverty and
neglect. Gentlemen need not be alarmed at the
numbers of the pioneer soldiers of the West. Dis-
ease and accident, decrepitude and infirmity, disap-
pointment and poverty, through the changes of half
a century, have left but few, Mr. Chairman, to
claim your bounty and protection.
But, sir, before I further proceed to notice their
claims, I shall review some of the prominent argu-
ments of gentlemen assuming to be the peculiar
friends of the bill, and who resist this amendment
as an innovation.
The honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Seymour] uiges upon the friends of the bill, to adhere
to usage, and to arrest this innovation upon the
revolutionary pension bill. The honorable gentle-
man, when using this appeal to the friends of the
bill, must have overlooked the fact, that this bill is
itself a direct and palpable innovation upon every
principle heretofore established. If no innovations
are to be made upon principles heretofore establish-
ed, then the bill itself must be rejected. And we
must console ourselves for its loss, in the necessity
of a blind submission to an established precedent.
I repeat, sir, that the bill itself proposes a direct and
palpable change upon all the principles that have thus
far governed us upon this subject; and that, too, not
in a mere matter of form, but in substance. It pro-
poses—for the first time, I believe, in the history of this
country—to extend the benefit of the revolutionary
pension laws to a class of persons who may never
have seen the light of Heaven in those perilous
times; who were probably not even born until
subsequent to the revolution. The former law
confined the benefit of these pensions to the
widows of soldiers, 'married prior to 1796;
this bill proposes to extend it to widows mar-
ried prior to 1800. In the former law, the prin-
ciple was kept in view of confining its benefits to
such as must necessarily have lived during the revo-
lution. By this bill, that principle is abandoned,
and a period assumed, within which they may have
been born, grown up, and married, all subsequent
to that great struggle. And is this no innovation
upon established usage? Let the friends of this
measure adhere to the gentleman's doctrine of main-
taining the ancient military pension laws, and, in
consistency, they must vote to discard their own
bill as an unwarranted innovation.
I am not here to complain of this extension for
the benefit of the widows of revolutionary soldiers,
but to show that the advocates of this extension ap-
pear with a bad grace, calling for an adherence to
usage, to cut out from the benefits of this law the
little remnant of that patriotic band, who won from
the common enemy the northwest territory, while,
at the sacrifice of principle, they are extending it to
those who may never have even lived during the
revolution.
The honorable gentleman from Maine [Mr. Ham-
lin] sounds the alarm that this amendment is in-
tended, or must have the effect, to defeat the bill,
and calls appealirigly to its friends to resist it, as a
means of saving their own proposition. Now, sir,
I shall not undertake to judge of other gentlemen's
motives with regard to the amendment, but can at-
test for myself that, in advocating it, no such thing
as the defeat of the bill was ever designed; nor do I
believe such an idea was the motive or the thought
of any one. The people of the West feel an abiding
interest in this measure; and we feel further, that, if
something is not soon done for those contemplated
in the amendment, time will have done its work
upon them; that the grave will have closed over
them all, and placed those gallant defenders of our
soil forever beyond the reach of your bounty. And
I would ask the honorable gentleman if it was not
rather uncharitable to draw such conclusions, in the
face of the fact that the persons contemplated in the
amendment have merits on which to base their
claim to their country's bounty a thousand fold
stronger than these contemplated in the original bill?
The former base their claims upon actual service to
their country, in which the flower of their .manhood
was consumed; the latter exclusively upon their
good fortune of having been associated with the
claims of men in which they themselves had no per-
sonal knowledge or participation.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Simons]
contends, Mr. Chairman, that, through the modifica-
tion of the pension laws, as proposed by this bill,
there is no gratuity to be given, but the award of a
debt to the surviving representatives of revolutiona-
ry heroes, who were never compensate for the ser-
vices they had rendered their country. He repre-
sents it, sir, as an act of justice long deferred; and
that the bill provided, therefore, not for a grant or
bounty, but for the payment of a debt long due, but,
until now, withheld. And yet, sir, the honorable
gentleman, in a labored effort at a line of distinction,
m which, to my humble comprehension, he was en-
tirely unsuccessful, has attempted to cut off the class
of persons contemplated in the amendment, as dis-
entitled to the privileges of the pension laws, on the
ground that they could not properly be thrust in to
an equal claim of the benefits of the bill; and what is
his argument, Mr. Chairman? Why, that the pro-
visions of the bill are limited to half-pay and pen-
sions for revolutionary services; and that the Indian
wars of the northwest were subsequent to, or en-
tirely disconnected from, the war of the revolution.
The amendment embraced the soldiers and widows
of soldiers who served in the irregular Indian wars
of the northwest prior to the treaty of Greenville,
yet subsequent to the treaty of peace with Great
Britain. These were services, viewed under all the
circumstances, if I rightly remember the gentleman,
which could not fairly be placed upon the footing of
the bounties proposed to be granted in the extension
of the revolutionary pension laws, as indicated in the
bill now under consideration.
I thank the gentleman, Mr. Chairman, for the
issue assumed upon this amendment. Ana the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, who offered it, will be sec-
onded in its support, as I trust, not only by every
member from the West, but by every member of
this House, who wishes to establish a fair and equal
standard of pensions to the soldiers and widows not
only of the revolution proper, but of the wars
growing out of it, and blending with it, and termina-
ting in the enlargement of the territory over which
the results of the war of independence were extend-
ed. The theme, Mr. Chairman, is an attractive
one. The comparison between the Indian fighters
of the western wilds with the hardy patriots of the
revolution, since it has been raised, cannot result to
the disparagement of the former in a fair and candid
investigation. To a citizen of the West, who has
grown up with her growth, and who is identified
with the pride of her people in her onward march
to glory and pre-eminence, the early struggles of
her pioneers are full of incitements to gratitude.
And, in meeting the contrast of their services with
the distinguished services of the patriots of the rev-
olution, we cannot concede that they are not equal-
ly entitled to the liberal bounty and protection of
the government. The treaty with Great Britain of
1783, acknowledging our national independence, did
not change or ameliorate the condition of the fron-
tier settlers of the West. Their country was still
under dispute with the congregated tribes of the
northwestern territory, and under the countenance
and support and provocations of our ancient enemy,
Great Britain. The compact of peace between us
and the mother country brought no peace to the
western pioneers. The terrors and massacres of
their conflicts with the savage foe were indeed but
just commencing. At this crisis, with their forces
thinly dispersed over the western wilderness, with
all the privations of frontier life, and none of the ad-
vantages of the older settled portions of the country,
neither in men, the means of war, nor the com-
munications for the transfer of men and ammuni-
tion, we find them, sir, co-operating and combining
for the expulsion of the common enemy.
As I have already intimated, Mr. Chairman, In-
dian wars offer to the ambitious after glory but lit-
tle of honor or military distinction, with much of
