588
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He then moved to amend by inserting 25 per cent.;
which was adopted—62 to 61.
Mr. BIDLACK moved to strike out the whole
clause; whichwas negatived.
Mr. BIDLACK moved to amend so as to make
the duty on coal $1 75, instead of p per ton; and to
strike the remaining portion of the clause.
The amendment was lost.
Mr. McDOWELL moved to amend by inserting
after the 110th line, the following:
And on flax seed or linseed, there shall be levied a
duty of 30 per cent, ad valorem: rejected.
Mr. SEYMOUR of New York moved to strike
out the 6th subdivision of the 5th section relating to
tanned leather, boots, shoes, &c. By striking out
this clause the duty would remain as under the law
of 1842: lost.
Mr. JOHN STEWART moved to amend by
striking out the words "except India rubber:" re-
jected.
Mr. S. moved to strike out "twenty" aad insert
"thirty" in the following clause: "On feathers for
beds, and on down «lf all kinds, on India rub-
ber, oil cloth, webbing, shoes, braces, suspenders,
or other fabrics or manufactured articles com-
posed wholly or in part of India rubber, on all
clocks, and on chrystals or glasses for watches, and
on glass or pebbles, for spectacles or eye glasses,
when not set, there shall be levied a duty of 20 per
cent, ad valorem, instead of the various duties im-
posed by the said act."
Upon this question tellers were appointed, who
reported 70 votes in the affirmative, and 65 in the
negative. The amendment was adopted©-
Mr. LABRANCHE moved to strike out the first
clause of the eighth section, so as to keep the duties
on sugars, molasses, and sirup, as they are in the
tariff of 1842: rejected.
Mr. HALE moved to strike out the first clause
of the eighth section, and to insert:
Oil raw sugar and sugar cane, there shall be levied a duty
of 3d per cent ad valorem: rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to strike out "twenty-
five," and to insert "thirty" in the following
clause:
t On salt there shall be levied a duty of 20 per cent., in-
stead of the duty of eight cents per bushel, imposed by said
act; and on vinegar, beef, pork, hams, bacon, cheese, butter,
and wheat, barley, rye, oats, Indian corn, or maize, wheat
/lour, Indian meal, and potatoes, there shall be levied a duty
of 25 per cent, ad valorem.
Tellers were appointed, who reported 48 votes in
the affirmative—noes not counted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to strike out the whole
clause from 49 to 59 inclusive; i. e. the duty on
salt: rejected.
Mr. CATLIN moved to strike out forty-two
cents, and insert one dollar; i. e. duty on spirits
from grain: rejected.
Mr. J. W.DAVIS moved to strike out 30 per
cent., and insert 40 as the duty on wines of all sorts:
rejected.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to strike out the
ninth section: rejected.
Mr. ELMER moved to strike out the eleventh
section, which establishes the way of ascertaining
the market value: rejected.
Mr. CARY of JN'ew York offered the following
amendments to the 8th section:
1. Strike out all m lines 49, 50, and in 51, to and
including the word "act;" so as to leave the duty
on salt as now established by law: rejected.
2. Strike out the word "twenty" and insert
"fifty" in the 49th line; increasing the duty on salt
to that amount: rejected.
3. Strike out the word "twenty" and insert "for-
ty" in the 49th line: rejected.
4. Strike out the word "twenty" and insert "thir-
ty-five" in the 49th line: rejected.
Same, inserting "thirty."
Mr. CARY moved to amend the 9th section by
1. Strike out the first clause so as to leave the
duty on spirits same as now fixed by law: rejected.
2. Strike out the word "thirty" in the 17th line,
and insert in lieu thereof "fifty," raising to that
amount the duty on wines: rejected.
Mr. CARY moved to strike out the 12th section,
which proposed to reduce to 25 per cent, all ad val-
orem duties above that on the 1st September, 1845:
adopted.
Mr. STEWART moved an amendment repeal-
ing that clause of the distribution bill which pro-
vides that there shall be no distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands when the duties exceed
20 per cent: rejected—ayes 31, noes not counted.
Mr. REDING offered an amendment to come in
as an additional section, fixing the rate of duty at
20 per cent, ad valorem on all philosophical appara-
tus and astronomical instruments, specimens of
drawings, sculpture, cameo, medals, statuary, trees,
shrubs, plants, roots, dye woods, and dye stuffs,
&c., &c.
This amendment was agreed to—ayes 81, noes
45.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved an amendment as
an additional section, providing that ginger, cassia,
black pepper, and pimento, shall be admitted duty
free.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend the
amendment by adding salt.
On taking the question Mr. Wentworth's
amendment was rejected; and the question recurring
on Mr. Hdngerford's amendment, it was also re-
jected.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved an amendment to im-
pose a duty of 20 per cent, ad valorem on gold
watches and jewelry; which was lost.
Mr. SEYMOUR of New York moved that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House;
which was agreed to: and the committee rose, and
reported the bill accordingly, with its various amend-
ments.
Mr. McKAY said it had been his desire to ad-
dress the committee on this bill, as he had reported
it, but he had not had an opportunity to do so this
morning, before the arrival of the hour to terminate
debate. He would, therefore, proceed now to do
so. (Cries of "adjourn.")
Some conversation ensued on the question,
whether, if the House now adjourned, this bill
would be the first in order to-morrow.
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that it
would, after the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved an adjournment.
Mr. HENLEY called for the yeas and nays
thereon.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested that any difficulty
in the matter should be removed by some arrange-
ment, whereby this bill could be made the special
order for to-morrow. (Cries of "agreed, and from
day to day, until it is disposed of.")
Mr. SCHENCK intimated, that if the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] was not now
ready to go on with his remarks, there were other
gentlemen that were.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said, that would not inter-
fere with his proposition.
The SPEAKER was about to put the question on
the proposition to make this bill the special order for
to-morrow and subsequent days until disposed of,
when
Mr. BARNARD rose and inquired if that motion
would require a vote of two-thirds. He also ob-
served that he was a member of the committee from
which this bill was reported, and he wished to make
some remarks upon it as a revenue measure.
Some conversation ensued, and then the motion to
make the bill the special order for to-morrow and
sabsequent days was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 9, 1844.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial numerously
signed, from citizens of the county of Chittenden,
Vermont, remonstrating against the proposed an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BAGBY presented a petition from SarahS.
Bishop, widow of Calvin Bishop, deceased, late
postmaster at Columbia, asking the payment of the
claim of her husband against the United States: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. TALLMADGK presented two memorials
from citizens of the county of Ontario, New York,
against the annexation of Texas to theUnited States:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two memorials from
citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
strongly urging the immediate annexation of Texas
to the Union, and the ratification of the treaty for
that object: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the Senate the memo-
rial of the Shawnee Indians: referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from ths Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report, which was or-
dered to be printed, on the memorial of Julia L.
Weed, the widow of Elijah J. Weed.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial, very nu-
merously signed by citizens of the county of Brook,
praying that the present tariff may not be disturbed:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, presented the proceedings of a meeting held
in the court-house of Madison by citizens of Madi-
son county, Virginia, in favor of the immediate an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that they
do pass, the House bill for the relief of Adam L.
Mills, and the joint resolution authorizing the Post-
master General to re-examine certain claims and to
allow one month's extra pay to certain contractors.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of Rob-
ert Poindexter, a soldier m all the wars of the Uni-
ted States, and who was wounded in defence of his
country, praying for an invalid pension: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolution,
viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate whether any additional clerks are
wanted in the office of the Comptroller of the Treasury to
secure the despatch of business in that office; and if so, how
many; and if not, what legislative action is required to se-
cure that object.
Mr. EVANS made some remarks on the difficul-
ty of procuring prompt responses from that depart-
ment to the calls for information. He had heard it
attributed to the want of a competent force to trans-
act the business of that department.
Mr. MERRICK remarked that he had been in-
formed that there was not adequate force to transact
the business of that department. He moved to
strike out all of the resolution after the word "office,"
which seemed to him to imply a censure on the
Comptroller.
Mr. EVANS said it was not so intended.
The question was taken on the motion, and it was
disagreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
DEATH OF HENKY R. BRINKERHOFF.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by their Clerk, announcing the death
of the Hon. H. R. Br.inkeb.hoff, member elect from
the State of Ohio, and the passage of resolutions
testifying the respect of that body for the memory
of the deceased; which being read,
Mr. ALLEN addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: The two Houses of Congress
have, during their present session, been, more fre-
quently than usual, called to suspend for a while
their ordinary duties, by the solemn voice of death.
Many of our fellow members, and among them two
of Ohio's delegation, have passed to the grave.
Some of them have been stricken down in our
midst, whilst participating earnestly and faithfully
in the labors of legislation; others have been cut oft",
without being allowed to reach the scene of those
labors. Among the latter, was the hoaoiei subject
of the message which the Senate have just received
from the House of Representatives. On the 30th
day of the last month, and in the fifty-sixth year of
itjs age, General Brinkerhoff died at his residence,
in the county of Huron, in the State of Ohio, a
victim_to the disease with which he was attacked,
about the commencement of our session. He died,
sir, not in the presence of strangers, or in the desti-
tution of hope; but surrounded by his family and
friends—in the sacred ordinances of religion, and in
the full assurance of that reward which it offers
to the just. His character had been formed
under the severe discipline of a frontier life—in
that school where the more manly qualities of the
heart and faculties of the mind are brought early
into requisition; where sagacity and judgment,
fortitude and courage—where integrity, generosity,
truth, industry and fidelity, are cultivated under
the promptings of nature, unaffected by the enerva-
ting habits and doubtful morals of a more aged and
artificial society. A native of the county of Adams,
in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, he removed,
when an infant, with his parents, to the county of
Cayuga, in the State of New York—that region, now
so populous, being then an unmeasured and tenant-
less wilderness. It was there that he grew up to
the maturity of his manhoqfl, with the rising com-
munity, whose good will and unfaltering confidence
he acquired by Iiis merits, and never lost by a fault,
