May, 18441
AMNBlX "P© THE GQNGRBSMONlL QLOlfi,
ih-f-±s.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr:. Ellis. ■
H. of ]
danger, hardship, and privation. Forced marches,
without provisions, exposure to the elements at all
seasons, and to tlie diseases incidental to a new-
climate—a subsistence upon roots and acorns, and
a repose upon the damp earth, with their arms at
their sides, ready at a moment's warning to meet -
the uncertain night attack of the enemy, were
the uninviting peculiarities to the .pioneers ofthe
northwest in their desperate contest with the Indian
warrioas of that region. -
This bloody and prolonged frontier warfare, which
was terminated in the great victory of Wayne in the
Maumee, was (thought its severest battles occurred
subsequently) commenced before the'revolution, and
prosecuted long after its close. Prom the sanguinary
battle with Cornstalk and his collected tribes from
Kentucky, Virginia, and Ohio, at Point Pleasant, in
October, 1774, there was no security of peace, no
general or recognised suspension of the war of
extermination between the whites and the Indians
of the West, until the treaty of 1795. During the
whole of that long period, there was a constant re-
currence of massacres and retaliations, and an in-
creasing aggravation to mutual revenge. While the
collected whites were hourly in danger of surprise
and massacre upon their marches, their families were
exposed to greater hazard-of indiscriminate destruc-
tion from prowling savages constantly upon the
watch.
' While this state of things was progressing, the
general government, in 1789 -'90, first adopted regu-
lar measures to the occupancy of the northwest, and
the. subjugation of the Indians. A number of ex-
peditions to this end were successively organized
under directions from the Department of War,
and despatched upon the service of reducing
to terms the hostile tribes of the northwest
territory. And what, sir, is the history of
these expeditions?-—a. series of measures and disas-
ters; unsurpassed in Indian • warfare. 'Need we
specify the expedition of Harmar in September,
1790, his .march, the attack of the Indians near
Chillieothe, and his overwhelming and complete
overthrow; or the still more disastrous march of the
unfortunate St. Clair, who, near Fort Jefferson,
November 4th, 1791, was completely surprised,
surrounded, and his army cut to pieces, sustaining a
loss of six hundred men? These, and other disas-
ters, were not finally retrieved until the victory of
Wayne, in 1794, and the consequent treaty of
Greenville with the vanquished northwestern tribes
m 1795, which brought peace at length to the terri-
tory, and throw open the inviting door to emigra-
tion and settlement from the old States and the
world at large.
It is the small remnant of those tried and hardy
soldiers ofthe campaigns of Harmar, and St. Clair,
and Wayne, and others, for whose benefit the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky is de-
signed. No class of claimants upon the justice and
magnanimity of the government are more fairly en-
titled to a favorable .hearing. Their numbers are
diminished, as we may say, to a corporal's guard.
The draft upon your treasury for their relief would
amount to nothing. No quibbling objection of re-
trenchment can .be urged, therefore, against the
proposition. ?ut, sir, with every proper expedient
of retrenchment, let us not forget the ends of jus-
tice. Let vis be just to the early defenders of the
land, whether against the foreign invader or the
frontier savage. Let us not forget, Mr. Chairman,
that no more favorable time can offer for this act of
justice. The class of soldiers comprised and de-
signated m the amendment are particularly entitled
to the protection and bounty of the government.
They served under appointments in. the regular
army; they acted under the commands of officers
commissioned under acts of Congress, and instruc-
tions from the Department of War; the armies ta
which they were attached were national armies;
the battles in which they fought, were fought under
the national authority, and in defence of the inter-
ests and glory of the nation. The nation is respon-
sible for the war, having assumed it; and for the
expense and sacrifices of our citizens, made for the
common good. Thtn, sir, let us cast aside these
subterfuges of distinction, these petty quibbles on
the classification of the soldiers of the revolution,
and the soldiers of the Indian wars. And let us, in
awarding half-pay and pensions, do it at least with-
out partiality. Let us not openly insult the patriotic
old men ofthe West, who endured all the privations
of frontier life and Indian warfare cheerfully in be-
half of their country,—let us not insult them, Mr.
(Chairman, by withholding from th'em the trifle pro-
posed to be awarded by the amendment before fhe
committee. I appeal to gentlemen of the East to re-
consider their opposition to the amendment. I ap-
peal to gentlemen of the great West to rally"without
division upon this proposition. Let us carry
through the provision and secure the little gratuity
nosed,— or unite in our exertions to achieve it.
, returning to our constituents, let our conduct
upon this question' justify us in the approbation of
the old patriarch among them—
"Who stood his country's firm defence,
In the day and hour of danger."
I could wish, Mr. Chairman, further to speak in
defence of the soldiers who fought in the service of
the United States against the Indians, as contem-
plated. "to be rewarded by the amendm'ent of the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky. But, relying
upon the justice of this House, and its sense of ob-
ligation to the brave men. sought to be benefited-
through the gentleman's .proposition, I shall waive
further consumption of the time of the House upon
the subject. The claim of the old soldiers of the
north west will be found to be valid and genuine in
every aspect of equity, justice, and impartial liberal-
ity. They served their country with fidelity; they
served under the control of the national administra-
tion; they suffered much; they endured much; they
fought many battles, in the achievement of the great
object of peace. They were poorly paid: a half
century has lapsed, and a few are still lingering
among the swelling population of the West, and
they are generally poor and infirm. We appeal in
their behalf, that this committee and this House
will now meet the opportunity of cancelling a debt,
the interest of which, if fairly estimated, would far
exceed the insignificant gratuity proposed to be
given to the old soldiers of the West, by including
them within the benefits of your .bill of amendment
to the pension laws. ' Justice to the old pioneers of
the West, equal and impartial justice, is all that we
demand.
SPEECH OF MR. ELLIS,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of. Representatives, May 8, 1844—On
the tariff.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,)
and the tariff bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means being under consideration—
Mr. JELLIS addressed the committee.
•Mr. Chairman: I cannot consent to a disturbance
of the existing revenue law, until experience shall
fully disclose its defects, and point out the proper
modifications. The people do not now call for
change; the wants of government do not require it.
The country is gradually recovering from the de-
Eression produced by extravagance in speculations,
anking, and foreign importations; and it is the dic-
tate of wisdom to let alone this condition of reviving
prosperity. The great evil of our times is exces-
sive legislation; and especially is it an evil of serious
magnitude to disturb, by unnecessary changes, the
industrial pursuits of the country. It. is preferable
even that objectionable laws should be endured,
while not really oppressive, than to resort to frequent
and uncertain experiments. Were Congress itself
restricted to a session of three months in a year, the
restriction would be a blessing to the people. What
a spectacle, sir, does not the legislation of our coun-
try present, for the few years past, on the subject
of the revenue! In 1841, the compromise act was
in operation. By that, all duties upon importations
of merchandise were reduced to a horizontal stand-
ard of twenty per cent. In September of that year,
came new laws—subjecting to the same duty numer-
ous articles which before were free. This was an
important alteration—largely extending the range of
dutiable merchandise. In June, 1842, the com-
promise act expired by its own limitation; and, from
that period to the 30th of September, a duty of
twenty per cent, on a home valuation was collected,
but under protest. In August of that year, after
long and laborious discussion, the system now in
force became the law. And now here, at the first
session of a new Congress, are we again called upon
to make a radical modification of that. Sir, shall
there be no repose? It is not intended to confine al-
terations to those particular articles of merchandise,
the importation of which the present law may seem
particularly to diminish; but it is to take a general
sweep around the whole circle of importations—
breaking up the foundations of the existing sys-
tem. Now, sir, why is this? Who de-
mands it? Do the farmers—the mechanics—
the manufacturers? No, sir;' Jo# at , the files
upon your table, and you will find .that the vocifer-
ous appeal for change, which, has aroused the action
of the-Committee of Ways and Means, comes ^ipt
from the'yeomanry, but from the opulent jtraders. of
your Atlantic cities, the, millionary importers, tthe
merchant princes—subjects of her royal majesty
dueen Victoria; andi if the bill before you, sir,.be"-,
comes a law, it will produce more joy in Manches-
ter, Binftingham, and Leeds, than in any portion of
your own country. I admit that the existing tariff
is defective. Wha does not? It may be wisely
amended. Who doubts it? But its operation must
be fully tested before its imperfections may be clear-
ly seen; and the influence of political feeling and ex-
citement must pass away before you can correct its
errors with wisdom and discretion. .Let it be con-
stantly borne in mind, that the last few years have
been so replete with change in the revenue laws; so
remarkable for expansions and contractions in im-
portations and the currency; for the absence of all
regularity in commerce; for excess and depression
in trade, that the business operations and customs
receipts of those years are no substantial data for
reliable anticipations for the future.
The Committee of Ways and Means calculate and
place the necessity of a reduction of the tariff upon
the ground that the revenue will be insufficient to
defray the-current expenditures .of the government,
not only now, but in future also. The deficiency-
is estimated at some millions. Importations, it la
alleged, have fallen off extensively in numerous ar-
ticles, on account of the operation of the duty upon
them, and that is called prohibitory. But, sir, are
these views entirely correct, or the conclusions sound?
Has^ not the decline generally affected merchan-
dise free from duty, and that subject to small duties,
•quite as much as that paying high rates? Doe# not
the decline plainly spring from general causes, ope-
rating on the general business of the country?—the
depressions which followed the expansions of former
years? causes which have been- gradually but surely-
disappearing,. and even now have nearly ceased?
Sir, the committee examine only the annual report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, exhibiting,the
condition of that department up to the 30th of Sep-
tember last. They adopt the estimates of that officer;
but an examination of the actual income for the in-
termediate time, would have shown a difference be-
tween those estimates and the reality, of double the
amount of the deficiency which induced the com-
mittee to ask for a revision. The revenue from im-
ports for the succeeding quarter was nearly $800,000
above those estimates; and for the quarter subse-
quent, $3,075,000 above them. It is true the report
of the committee was made on the 11th of March;
but the excess for the quarter ending the 31st of
December, and for the months of January and Feb-
ruary, making a difference of nearly $3,000,000, was
easily ascertainable, and ought to have satisfied the
committee that there was no danger of a deficient
revenue. No, sir, instead of $17,500,000, (the esti-
mate of the department,) the revenue from imports
for the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June will
more probably reach $25,000,000. Sir, there will
be ample" revenue to supply all the wants ofthe pub-
lic service, as well as meet the claims of the public
creditor.
The committee themselves are not insensible of
the revival of trade, and of its auspicious influence
upon the treasury; and, alluding to the information
then reaching them, declare: "If the fact shall turn
out to be that trade can so far force itself up against
the excessive duties imposed by this law, as to
supply the treasury with revenue, it will more
strongly prove the injustice of the law, and the im-
perative character of the duty of its prompt modifi-
cation." They will not endure the law, even to test
its practical operation. At first, it diminishes im-
portations, and is therefore prohibitory, and must
be modified now; but it turns out that the revenue
is not. diminished, and that fact is then deemed evi-
dence of the general injustice of the law, without a
prrticle of information as to the influence of the re-
vival of trade on the importations of different classes
of merchandise, or whether the duties on any of
them are within the range of the revenue limit.
The modifications are proposed to increase the rev-
enue; but the revenue does not need an increase;
then they are assumed to be equally necessary to
prevent excess.
Now, sir, thi3 may be so; but will the Committee
of Ways and Means inform the House on what
particular and reliable basis of calculation they ar--
