CftftkUissiONAL &L6ME.
m
He was one who, under the influence of that patri-
otism ever so conspicuous among the hardy virtues
of the frontier settler, voluntarily periled his life in
the service of his country.
During the late war, he organized among his
neighbors a company of volunteers, and led them in
the terrible storming of the heights of Ciueenston.
In that enterprise—one of the most desperate in our
annals—he displayed a prompt and steady intrepid-
ity; and for that, in connexion with his other per-
sonal merits and endowments, he was afterwards
promoted to the rank of a major general in the
militia service of the State; and twice appointed by
the people to a seat in the legislature. In the year
1837, he removed to his late residence in Ohio,
where the same qualities by which he had been dis-
tinguished in New York enabled him to command
the esteem of the intelligent community of whom
he there became a member; and it was in that con-
gressional district in which political opinions are
poised in a doubtful balance, that he was elected a
member of the present Congress, by a majority
transcending the expectations of his friends. He
is now no more. He has left behind him a charac-
ter of unspotted integrity to break the force of the
afflictions with with his death has bruised the hearts
of his bereaved widow and fatherles children.
The customary resolutions of condolence, of going
into mourning for thirty days, and of adjourning
forthwith, as a token of respect, were adopted; and
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 9, 1844.
The journal having been read,
Mr. POTTER of Ohio rose and spoke as fol-
lows:
Mr. Speaker: It has required no long member-
ship of this House to familiarize one with the cus-
tom of announcing publicly to its members the
death of one of their number.
Already have we witnessed in this hall, during
the present session of Congress, the funeral obse-
quies of three senators and six members of this
House; and we are about to add another to the rec-
ord of death amongst us.
This seems to be a period in our history in which
death has fixed a high aim for his shafts. He has
but recently struck down the head of the nation,
following up that sad blow by an unparallelled fa-
tality to the heads of the different departments of
the government; and, as if unsatisfied with the ordi-
nary demands for victims, he has sought, in high
places, to mark his power, reminding the great, the
wise, and the ambitious, and through them the na-
tion, that no place, however high and honorable, is
exempt from the common lot of all; and that the
end of all earthly glory is the grave.
It has fallen to my lot to announce the death of
my colleague, Henry R. Brinkerhoff, late a mem-
ber of this House from the State of Ohio; and in
doing so, I cannot refrain from reviewing briefly
his history, as it is replete with instruction, and
one out of the many thousand examples our coun-
try affords of the benefits of free institutions to the
development of the human mind, and of their ten-
dency to raise it to the high destiny towards which
it aspires.
General Briwkerhoff was born of humble, but
honest parents, in Adams county, in the State of'
Pennsylvania; from whence, in early boyhood, he
emigrated, with his father's family, to Cayuga
county, in the State of New York, then a track-
less wilderness.
From the condition of the country, his opportu-
nities for early education were but limited; yet,
possessed of a mind which rose superior to every
obstacle which it encountered, he became a man of
much general intelligence, and enlarged views.
On the breaking out of the late war with Great
Britain, he repaired to the frontier, in command of a
company of volunteers of the New York militia,
and at the [battle of Clueeston Heights, distinguish-
ed himself as a brave and patriotic soldier.
For many years he held the office of major gen-
eral of New York State militia, and at a time, too,
when military honors were sought after, even m the
military • service of the country, by her best and
ablest patriots, and inspired the respect of every
citizen.
He was twice clccted a member of the New
York legislature, where he was distinguished for
sound practical sense, and a rigid adherence to the
interests of his constituents.
In the spring of 1837, he removed to Huron coun-
ty,Ohio;and here, amongst strangers, in the space,of
six years, he had acquired the unlimited confidsnce
of a large constituency, and was elected a member
of the twenty-eighth Congress, in a district opposed
to him in politics.
When about to leave home for the scene of his
contemplated labors here, he was attacked with the
disease, which, although it flattered him with the
hope of recovery, almost up to the day of his death,
finally terminated his existence, at his residence, in
Huron county, on the 30th day of last April, at the
age of fifty-six years.
In General Brinkerhoff are illustrated the beau-
ties of our system of government; unaided by the
iufluence of wealth, or aristocratic family connex-
ions, he attained a distinguished position; and that,
too, in a community where intellect was appreciat-
ed, and ambition had its votaries. He was truly
"a self-made man." Need I go beyond these walls
for further illustrations of this expression; and need
I pay the institutions of our country a higher en-
comium, than to point to her "self-made men"'
General Brinkerhoff, as his name indicates, was
a descendant of the "Knickerbocker," and he in-
herited all the characteristics of his Dutch ancestry—
prudence, discretion, firmness, and a scrupulous in-
tegrity. He was a practical fanner, another ev-
idence that the highest attainments in civil or mil-
itary science are not incompatible with the culture
of the soil.
He was a kind and devoted husband, a tender
and affectionate father; but the widow and the orphan,
who deplore his loss, mourn not as for one without
hope. He had long been associated with the Pres-
byterian Church as a devout and exemplary member,
and died in the full enjoyment of the consolations
of that religion, of whose influence over the actions
and conduct of mankind his whole life afforded the
amplest evidence.
His constituent have lost an able and faithful
representative; his colleagues an adviser and friend,
and the nation a good man from her councils.
Mr. P. then offered the following resolutions;
which were unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep sensibili-
tv of the death of the Hon. He^ry R Brinkerhoff, a mem-
ber of this House, w ho died at his residence, Huron coun-
ty, Ohio, on the 30th ult.
Resolved, That the members of this House will testify
their respect for the memory of the deceased, by wearing
crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, As a further testimony of respect, that this
House do now adjourn.
The House then adjourned.
The following petition, presented yesterday, was
handed to the reporter by the member presenting it:
By Mr. WM WRIGHT: The petition of John Wood-
bridge and 83 others, citizens of New Providence, Essex
county, New Jersey, asking a reduction of postage.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 10, 1844.
On motion by Mr BAGB Y, leave was granted to withdraw
from the files the papers in the case of Joshua Kennedy.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a remonstrance of ninety-
six citrons of Oswego county, New York, against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. RIVES presented the proceedings of a meeting of
citizens of Madison county, Virginia, held at Madison
court-house, m favor of the annexation of Texas to the
United States; and a petition signed bj a number of individ
ua.1 citizens of the county of Madison, Virginia, of the same
purport; which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, presented a remonstrance from citizens of Fluvanna
county, Virginia, against any alteration of the present tarifb
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The CHAIR presented to the Senate a petition from Henry
Smith. of Sweetwater, now residing in Alabama, setting
forth that he formerly resided on land lying m what was
called Miller county, Arkansas, but u Inch, since the running
of the boundary line between the United States and Texas,
was decided to be m Te\as, and piaying Congress to pass
a law to allow him to bring' therefrom into the United
States, certain slaves which belongs to him, and which
were removed by him into that county, inl8'37: referred to
the Committee on the Judicialy
Mr. BAGBY remarked that he had received a communi-
cation from Mr Smith upon the same subject. He express-
ed the hope that the Judiciary Committee to wlncli the
petition had been referred, would give the subject prompt
consideration.
Mr. SEVIER spoke of there being a number of individuals
placcd m the same condition by the running of the bounda-
ry bne—those, too. who were "members of the convention,
which formed the constitution of Arkansas—which would
require similar legislation. He thought the shortest plan to
settle the matter would be to take Texas into the Union at
once, w hieh he hoped would be done before the adjourn-
ment. If not, he would go for the bill to grant relief m the
manner requiied.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Chans, reported a
bill for the relief of John H. Mcintosh, which was read and
ordered to asecond reading; andto be printed, with the re-
port accompanying.
Also, from the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, reported a joint resolution forth© relief of Charles
M. Keller, which was read and ordered to a second read-
ing.
CONSULAR ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported back without amendment, and with a recommen-
dation that it be indefinitely postponed, the bill to remodel
the consular establishment of the United States.
Mr. TAPPAN presented documents in support of the
claims of Ebenezer Hickox for a pension: which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
^ On motion by Mr. HUGER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to inquire if it would not be more ap-
propriate to remove the naval monument on the west of
the Capitol to the navy-yard, and substitute in Its place the
statue of "Washington by Greenough.
The following bills were read the third time and passed,
viz: r '
The bill for the relief of Charles W. Morgan.
The bill supplementary to the act entitled an act regu-
lating the trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes and.
to preserve peace on the frontiers, passed SOth June 1834
The bill for the relief of citizens of towns on the public
lands of the United States, undcrftertain circumstances.
The bill granting to the Great Western Railroad com-
pany, in the State ot Illinois, the right of way through the
public lands of the United States, and for other purposes.
The bill entitled an act for the payment of the 4th regiment
of the second brigade of the 3d division of the Vermont militia
for services at the battle of Plattsburg, was read the third
time; and the question being, "Shallthe bill pass?"
Mr. HAYWOOD demanded the yeas and nays: which
were ordered.
Mr. HAYWOOD then, in some remarks, opposed the bill
on the ground that the troops were not mustered in the ser-
vice.
Messrs. PHELPS, MOREHEAD, and MERRICK, defend-
ed the bill.
The question was then taken, and the bill was passed by a
vote of 33 yeas to 4 nays.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition from Nathaniel Hog-
gatt of Mississippi, praying for the confirmation of certain
entries of land heretofore made in the land office of Ouachita,
Louisiana: referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT gave notice that he would, on to-morrow,
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of William P. Cheever, deceased.
THE ARMY RETRENCHMENT BILL.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on Military"
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it be indefinitely postponed, the bill to
regulate the pay of the army of the United States, and ior
other purposes.
Mr. EVANS expressed the wish that the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs would call up this bill at an
early day, and have it disposed of, as the army appropriation
bill was awaiting the action of the Senate upon it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that he would move for its
consideration at an early day.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the Judiciary, to
which was referred the memorial of Joseph de laFrancia, re-
ported a bill supplementary to an act authorizing the Secre-
tary of State to liquidate certain claims therein mentioned,
passed April 18,1814, which was read, and ordered to a sec
ond reading,
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from citizens of Pe-
tersburg, Virginia, praying that the present tariff may not
be disturbed: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MILLER called for the consideration of the unfinish-
ed special oxder. w Inch was the bill to recharter the banks
in the District of Columbia. It was important, he said, that
the bill should be acted upon to-day, as the House had as-
signed but two days for the consideration of this District
business; one of which was to-morrow.
Mr. BENTON moved that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. MILLER demanded the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion; which were ordered.
The question was then taken and decided in the affirm-
ative by yeas 29, nays 14,
The Senate having spent several hours executive session,
adjourned till Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 10. 1944.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr DEAN, it was ordered that the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Mr. Frick, in the Committee on
the Militia, be filled.
Mr. HAMLIN of Maine introduced his colleogue, [Mr.
Caih \] and the usual oath having been administered, Mr.
Gary took his seat.
The following communication from the Hon, Dixo.v H.
Lmw , addressed to the Speaker, was read, laid upon the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed:
Wvshtvgtot Citv, May 7, 1844.
Sir- I have this day accepted the appointment of senator,
to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of the Hon.
William R King from the Senate ol the United States, bv
transmitting to the Governor of Alabama the resignation of
my seat as a member of the House of Representatives from
the third congressional district of that State.
In thus dissevering myself from a connexion which has
so long united me to the House of Representatives, as, in
point of continuous service, to have constituted me the' se-
nior member of that body, I take leave of the House with a
sentiment of respect, which has been progressively in-
creased at each succeeding session, by a more intimate ac-
quaintance with its members. It is a* remark, confirmed by
my own observation, that a superficial knowledge of that
body generally overestimates the' qualifications of individ**-
