■604
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Ellis.
H. of. Reps.
rive at this result' By what process do they ascer-
tain that this bill will produce it' Have they ex-
amined the quantity and value of imported articles,
and the revenue for a period adequate to found an
estimate of the operation of this bill, with that con-
fidence which can alone justify legislation? They
givp us a statement reaching from 1st of October,
1842, to 30th of June, 1843; but all the intermediate
period, when the cloud of depression was passing
away from the world of enterprise, is left a blank.
Yes, sir, a blank—perhaps from necessity. But,
sir, without this intelligence, how can you say, ex-
cept as vague conjecture, that reducing the duty on
this article, or on that, to a given rate, will probably
produce the desired revenue? Even had you that
intelligence, could you say that the present law had
been subjected to the operation of those commercial
influences, necessary to enable you to see and settle
with safety the modifications which would probably
long avoid deficiency or excess in the revenue? Sir,
this question shall be answered by the committee
themselves. At pages 16 and 17 of their printed re-
port, we have the following avowal. Here it is, and
the whole of it:
"It may be expected of the committee that they will make
an estimate of the revenue to be realized under the rates of
duty they propose to establish; bat they feel themselves
wholly incompetent to do so, to any useful purpose. They
have looked over some of these estimates made by their
predecessors upon occasions like the present, and com-
pared them with the facts subsequently ascertained froin
the practical operation of the laws in reference to which
they were made. They have also examined estimates of
revenue made by sagacious and able, and experienced Sec-
retaries of the Treasury.—and that not under new, but un-
changing legislation—and compared them with the revenue
actually realized; and in both cases, they have found-the
variations so wide, the disappointments so great, and in di-
rections so various and opposite, that any detailed estimate
they could form in reference to the new rates of duty they
propose, would not, in themselves, have the least au-
thority, and should not, with the House, pass for anything
more than vague conjecture. The importations since the
present law went into operation, compared with the im-
portations of several previous years, satisfy the committee
that its provisions must be extensively prohibitory; and
the rates of duty they propose, compared with the rates
under former tariff laws, and with the levenue realized
under those laws, have produced the belief in their minds
that the present law, modified as they recommend, will,
even in the present state of trade, (now only gradually-
rising from the most severe depression,) when it shall have
had time for fair action, yield sufficient revenue, together
with that derived from the lands and miscellaneous sources,
to meet the ordinary expenses of the government, and
gradually to extinguish the public debt."
Sir, does not this declaration yield the whole ques-
tion of experience? Does it become us, with such
admissions, to legislate upon interests affecting the
welfare of the whole country? If sagacious heads
of the treasury (even in periods of "unchanging
legislation") have fallen into error in the estimates
of revenue, by millions; if that eminently able finan-
cier, Secretary Spencer, surrounded by all the in
formation which his department and the uncertain
nature of the subject could afford, has himself fallen
short in his estimates seven millions in a single year,
(under the peculiar influence of revivingprosperity,)
how can we expect that the committee, though sa-
gacious and enlightened as they are, could, under
circumstances less favorable, frame a new system
calculated to correct the uncertain errors of the pres-
ent? No, sir; it cannot be done now. I am willing
and desirous that the defects of this law should be
removed; bat, sir, it is unjust to the country even
to agitate radical changes, until practical experience
shall give you the command of the whole subject,
and until you can sit down, with a clear head and
sound heart, undisturbed by political excitement, to
legislate for the general good. Sir, do you not need
permanency? Political legislation will never give it
to you. But we are told here by the advocates of
present change, (and it is also the view of the com-
mittee of Ways and Means,) that the existing tariff
is oppressive upon the general interests of the peo-
Fle—at least on important section of the country.
t is denounced as protective, and this discussion
has been chiefly conductcd here in reference to the
question of protection. But, sir, there is really no
occasion for raising that question now, or hereafter,
unless you intend to legislate against the industrial
interest of the people. The demands of the public
service, constantly augmenting with the expansion
of our territory and the increase of population, will
always require an amount of revenue sufficient,
with reasonable discriminations, to afford ample
protection to every branch of national industry.
Where, then, the difficulty of harmonizing revenue
and protection? So long as you preserve discrimi-
nations, and graduate them with a just regard to their
capacity to yield revenue, you will give protection.
It is only by establishing the absurd, irrational, and
iron rule of horizontalism—the rule, for instance, of
25 per cent.—which forms, with few exceptions, the
ultimate- basis of the bill now offered to us by the
committee; or by assuming certain arbitrary max-
imums of duty, beyond which you refuse to go,
merely because you choose to say you will not; or
by making what this year you may consider the
highest point of revenue, and which may fall greatly
below it the next year—an unalterable standard limit
—that you strike at the foundation of protection.
A controling element of protection is a sound cur-
rency. Inflation neutralizes the protective influ-
ence of all tariffs. It increases the nominal val-
ue of property, and the expense of production.
Nations, manufacturing at a specie standard,
reap in our market, under paper expansions, the
benefit of inflated prices, take away our coin, and
leave us only the bubble. Hence a national bank
is a great obstacle to the growth and prosperity of
manufactures. Collecting and loaning the revenues
of the country, its interests are to encourage im-
portations, which swell the amount of its re-
sources, augmenting its gains, and naturally in-
creasing the currency. Hence it is, that a treas-
ury independent of all institutions of the kind,
withholding the public revenues from the use of in-
dividuals, deprives the importer of the facilities of
importation afforded by the accommodations of a
government bank, which would stimulate his enter-
prise at the expense of domestic industry. An in-
dependent, treasury would also check excessive
issues of the banks of the commercial cities—
strengthening their specie basis, by holding them
constantly to the test of convertibility—extending,
indirectly, the same influence over the interior—
weakening the temptations to over-trading abroad—
and making the impediments which it must throw in
the way of importations an advantage to the manu-
facturer at home. The favorable operation of these
cannot be too highly appreciated in any system of
well-regulated encouragement of productive in-
dustry.
Sir, let me repeat, I regret that the question of the
expediency or constitutionality of protection should
have been agitated by the committee, or upon this
floor; for, whatever modifications experience may
advise in the present law, I am satisfied that, when
you shall have the light of knowledge and truth and
fact shining about you, no practical and reasonable
adjustment of the revenue system can be made,
which must not yield adequate protection. -Why,
then, discuss theories?—and especially in application
to the law under consideration, without knowing to
what extent the ordinary operations and vicissitudes
of commerce may affect the revenue upon whole
classes of merchandise? But, sir, I will not shrink
from the discussion even of abstract principles. I
have no concealment of opinions. In reference to
the constitutionality of protection, I will say, that, if
a question of power can be decided by an unbroken
current of authority, from the foundation of the gov-
ernment, having the sanction of all its departments,
legislative, executive, and judicial, and of the people
themselves—the right to make discriminations in
imports, for the purpose of protection, has been
settled beyond cavil or controversy. If you press
it into politics, I say that the democratic party never
occupied a different position. It is only of late
years that an attempt—as yet, an unsuccessful at-
tempt—has been made by local and geographical in-
fluences, particularly in the South and the West,
(originating in Carolina,) to divert the course of the
democracy, on this subject, into federal channels.
Sir, it cannot succeed. The first great attack upon
this constitutional power was made by Daniel Web-
ster, in 1824. I defy the adversaries of protection
to unfold an important argument in support of their
cause, which cannot be drawn from the depths of
that great reservoir of federalism—the celebrated
speech of Mr. Webster on the tariff law of that year.
It has been the great fountain from which anti-pro-
tective doctrines have been supplied ever since. And,
sir, it is amusing to see political neophytes unwit-
tingly following the lines which, twenty years ago,
were laid down upon the Marsh field chart, with as
much devotion as the orthodox would repose upon
the "Saybrook platform." What States and what
statesmen supported protection, even direct protec-
tion, (which 1 do not advocate,) in 1824, and again
in 1828, and again in 1832? What names in the
democracy—great then, and great still, and ever
destined to be so—were identified with those mea-
sures5 Who was the author of the compromise act,
which struck the first and fatal blow to the old sys-
tem of protection, disturbing, in "its effects, the then
existing industrial pursuits of the country, opening
floods of importations, draining our specie,' and pro-
ducing ultimate depression? Sir, it is unnecessary
to pursue these suggestions.-- Ought the question of
fair incidental protection, which has never yet been
made a test of party communion—a measure so
deeply affecting all interests—to become the foot-
ball of political contention? •;
Sir, I am aware that the present law passed in a
Congress of which a large majority were memBers
of the whig' party. The expiration of the compro-
mise act imperatively required new legislation. It
could not be avoided. Prosperity is now returning;
and though attributable less to the influence of that
particular measure than to the soundness of the cur-
rency, and more than all to the reaction of the sys-
tem after prostration and repose, it is not singular
that efforts should now be made by aspiring; politi-
cians to magnify the benefits, and appropriate the
credit of the law; but to me, sir, it is strange that any
considerable portion of their opponents should be
inclined to allow the line of political demarcation to
be drawn upon the question of incidental protection.
Sir, it will not do. The public interests are para-
mount to all others. No sincere friend to the sys-
tem will desire to drag it into the arena of political
strife, and subject the common welfare of the coun-
try to the decision of a party contest, for the eleva-
tion of this man or that. Sir, the present law is the
work not more of whigs than of democrats; and I
am unwillingthat either should bear, as its own, the
merit or demerit of that which was the work of them
both, and which, without the united labors of each,
could not have become a law. Ought either party
to enjoy as a triumph, or suffer as a reproach, pecu-.
liarly its own, that which required the support of
its political opponents to carry? A greater number
of whigs, it is true, voted for the law, and a less
number against it, than democrats; but, sir, a large
number—equal to more than one-third of the num-
ber of all the whigs who voted for it—-opposed its
passage, en masse, in every stage of its progress, and
repeatedly defeated its adoption. Not only so; but,
sir, a large number—equal to nearly one-third of
the number of all the democrats who opposed its
passage—sustained it and carried it through, in de-
fiance of the opposition of a greater number ©f whig
adversaries. The journals of this House show the
fact. Turn to page 1384, in the year 1842, and read
the vote on its final passage. Here are the names of
the whigs who opposed it:
Messrs. John Gtuincy Adams, Thomas D. Ar-
nold, John M. Botts, Milton Brown, William B.
Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Robert L. Caruth-
ers, Zadok Casey, James H. Cravens, Edmund De-
berry, A. L. Foster, Thomas F. Foster, Roger L.
Gamble, Meredith P. Gentry, William L. Goggin,
James Graham, Willis Green, Richard W. Haber-
sham, William C. Johnson, Thomas Butler King,
Henry L. Lane, Archibald L. Linn, Joshua Mathi-
ot, Anderson Mitchell, Bryan Y. Owsley, Kenneth
Rayner, Augustine H. Shepperd, James C. Sprigg,
George W. Summers, John B. Thompson, Philip
Triplet, Joseph R Underwood, Lott Warren, Wil-
liam H. Washington, Christopher H. Williams.
Here are the names of the democrats who sup-
ported it:
Messrs. Henry W. Beeson, Benjamin A. Bid-
lack, Charles Brown, Richard D. Davis, Charles G.
Ferris, James Gerry, Samuel Gordon, Amos Gus-
tme, Jacob Houck, jr., Charles J. Ingcrsoll, George
M. Keim, Robert McClelland, Peter Newhard, Wil-
liam Parmenter, Arnold Plumer, Almon H. Read,
Lewis Riggs,John Sanford, John Van Buren, Aaron
Ward.
Go back, if you please, and trace the law, (from
the time of the veto of the first tariff bill by the
present executive,) through all its subsequent prog-
ress in the House, and you will find the same ar-
ray of names, and occasionally others also. Sir, it
was not then regarded as a political measure, and
shall not be, with my consent, now.
Darnel Webster, in his celebrated speech in
Fanueil Hall, before the people of Boston, in
October of that year, did not hesitate to "dis-
claim most strongly that the measure was one of
a political character. He admitted the truth, that,
whether it should, or not, prove to be what it ought
to be, the country was indebted for the law to the
support of the democracy, as well as of its oppo-
nents. And, sir, unless there be strength enough to
proscribe the representatives of the democracy of
many States, you will find that the defeat of the bill
now before you will depend upon democratic action
