May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6<*5
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Ellis.
H. of Reps.
here. Will any self-constituted autocrat rise up
among us and assume to ostracise Pennsylvania,
whose democracy, in-unbroken phalanx, stand by
tbe tariff as it is? or New Ybrk, a large body of
whose democratic representatives will never falter in
withstanding every effort unnecessarily to disturb a
measure while yet an experiment in the progress of
trial? or Massachusetts, Connecticut, Vermont, New
JeVsey, and Kentucky, whose democracy have sent
here able and eminent opponents of present change?
Wo, sir; neither the law, nor the bill, nor the prin-
ciple of protection, can be made a political question
here; and before the people, let it be discussed, if at
all, as one too sacred to be, touched by the hand of
party strife; and let a decision, if required, be made
m the spirit of justice and conciliation.
"We are told in'this'.debate, that the West and the
South, .manufacturing but little themselves, pay
more of the expenditures of the government than
other portions of the Union, and are, therefore, un-
eqtially taxed by the operation" of the tariff. Sir, it
is the reverse. An immense portion of the popula-
tion of the South are but small consumers of im-
ported nferchandis?. In the West, the restraints of
a new country upon "the enjoyment of the luxuries,
and even conveniences and comforts of life, neces-
sarily abridge the consumption of foreign import-
ations. No, sir, a vastly greater proportion of them
areconsumed.in the more populous and wealthy
diyisions of the country—the northern and middle
. States; while a greater amount of the expenditures
of government are made for the benefit of those very
sections which pay less for its support. Why are
so many millions taken year by year from the hand
of ind ustry and labor, to maintain a naval and mil-
itary force? Reflect one moment and say to what
sections of the country, more than others, is this
expensive arm of government a peculiar benfit? How
many millions annually pass away as gratuities in
lands, or appropriations for internal improvements,
to the sparse and distant regions' of the South and
West? Sow many millions more are paid, through
every year, by the northern and middle States, to
support the Post Office Department? The taxation
for this purpose may illustrate, comparatively, other
contributions for the support of government. The
people of New York alone pay nearly §400,000 in
postages, beyond the expenses in that State, and
which go to sustain the department in the South and
West, where thousands of offices are a burden upon
the government. Yes, sir, we, pay an amount, for
the peculiar benefit of other sections, equal to nearly
four-fifths of the entire land fax of the State! The
county ,of - Saratoga "pays several thousand dollars;
yet I could not get an increase of one day per week
of a mail transportation from Ballston Spa to North-
ampton, at a trifling cost, because the finances of the
department would not admit of the additional ex-
pense. The counties of Fulton and Hamilton pay
some thousands of dollars excess, yet I could not
get an increase of mail transportation of a day from
from Johnstown to Fonda, nor from Northamp-
ton, or' Northville, to Lake Pleasant, for the
same reason. The money was needed to
supply the desert places of the South and West.
The failure was not the fault of the Postmaster
General. He carries out the system which the law
establishes. Sir, it does not much become our
friends of the plantations or the prairies to complain
of the burdens "of taxation. No: a dense popula-
tion, activity of business, wealth, furnish the most
extensive sources of consumption. But it is said,
protection is oppressive on the South and West, di-
minishing the exportation of their products. The
manufactures which would otherwise be obtained
abroad, it is said, will, by this system, be produced
more at home, and thus impair the consumption, by
lessening the exportations of domestic produce.
This view, if sound, operates against the growth of
manufactures here at all, and is hostile even to any
kind of revenue by imposts. The interests of the
South and West, then, would thrive most by the
increase of other countries, and less by that of ours.
It wholly overlooks the increase of home consump-
tion. The increase of manufactures here creates a
demand for all the rude material which composes
the fabric, and which would otherwise go abroad
or not be produced at all; and not only so, but in-
creasing skill and capital, and expanding markets,
enlarge the field of consumption, augment the de-
mand for production, and add to the wealth of do-
mestic industry in a thousand modes. There is no
reason on earth why our country, blessed with
rude material, and with water power in unsurpassed
fiijnndance, sfcouM not on!y manufacture for
but compete with other nations in the markets of
the world.
' It is irrational to suppose that a country like ours
can be long dependent on distant foreign nations, or
ought to be, for its supplies of the comforts and con-
- veniences of life, or that its energies should be re-
strained within the limits of our own necessities.
Competition of manufacturing industry, capital and
Skill, at home and abroad, would be ever opening
new mines, digging new beds of ore, planting new
fields of cotton, multiplying flocks, developing a
thousand products of the soil, in the form of rude
material, consuming harvests, adding value to land
and labor, expanding commerce itself, seeking new
markets, and opening new sources of trade, and ani-
mating-every department of human life. Yet manu-
factories have been stigmatized in this debate as nur-
series of vice and crime and pauperism; than which
nothing can be more fallacious, as to their character
in this land of plenty and freedom. I am surprised
at the hostility which I hear expressed to institu-
tions of this kind. Why, sir, go to the annual fairs
now springing up all over our country, and what
can more rejoice the heart of the patriot than the ex-
hibition of the products of the industry and skill
of our mechanics and manufacturers? Go to the
National Institute, within sight of this hall, and
who will not feel proud of the wonders of invention
and art which open before him, and exalt the fame of
our country? I deplore the insensibility of those who
can see nothing in all these things but to dread or dis-
like. But, sir, if there be one pursuit upon earth
more deeply interested than another in the growth
and expansion of our arts, it is agriculture; on
which reposes the grand fabric of society. It is
mother earth which supplies at once the material
and the food, the matter for the fabric and the
strength to make it, and the compensation when
made. Yet it is alleged that protection is injuri-
ous to the West, diminishing the products of the
soil, by lessening the exportation. Sir, let me ask
gentlemen from that region, what have you now,
or what can you expect abroad, for your grain, beef,
pork, or other produce? More is annually con-
sumed in some comparatively non-producing States
here, than all which is sent abroad to Europe; and
can you hope to increase materially your market
abroad? Look at the tariffs of other nations. You
are practically shut out from all profitable ingress
there. Heavy duties load down our exports. It is
only in case of scarcity that England needs much,
if any, foreign produce; and when an unusual de-
mand happens to spring up, the nations around her
on the continent can more .speedily and as cheaply
supply her wants. Their transportation is less,
and the cost no more; and in this respect our busi-
ness with England must generally be, as it really is,
unnatural and forced. But the mighty internal
commerce of our own country, swelling twenty-fold
beyond the foreign, is of immeasurable importance
to ourselves, vast, and ever to be increasing. Com-
pared with its consumption of our agricultural prod-
ucts, our exportations must ever be, while the arts
of industry are maintained among us, a mere paltry
bagatelle, scarcely befitting the gravity of computa-
tion. Why, then, this desire to retard the growth
of manufactures by destroying all protection, under
the delusive idea that you can supply the world
abroad with your produce? If less were manufac-
tured here, it is said, you could. We are told of
the mighty capacitics of your, soil—that Indiana
and Illinois can alone raise grain enough to supply
the artisans, mechanics, and manufacturers of all
America, or of England—it may be of the world.
Suppose they could: would they ever have a
chance to do it? Why, sir, gentlemen seem to sup-
pose that the Creator has made a failure in the for-
mation of the productive energies of the rest of the
earth; they seem to think that the great valley of
the Mississippi is the only part of creation where
Omnipotence has spread the prolific abundance of
infinite goodness. This may be a natural mistake
for gentlemen there to make; but still it is a mis-
take. Go the world over, and you will find that
Providence has given fertility everywhere to the
earth, sufficient to maintain all the families.that health
and comfort will enable it to contain. No, sir, if
the West desire to fill up her valley, she must look
for markets chiefly in our own country, and not
abroad; and when she finds, by employing all heri
labor in agriculture, she is over-producing, she must
turn her attention to the arts—to manufactures, as
well as to raising the rude material—wool, hemp,
silk, the ores. But it is again said, that though
there sliall hp no slirmrmhed consmflption, ijierc ,
must still be an increase of price by the increase of
duty; and that this falls upon the consumer, oper-
ating to the injury particularly- of "the planting
and agricultural portions of the country. • This, sir,
is a question of fact. The question is not whether
any duty does not, of itself, raise the price. Such
is its natural operation; all other things remaining
the same, such must be so. . But the question is,
whether an increase of duty above the lowest rev-
enue sum, to a point adequate to give protection,
necessarily or naturally increases' the price; and if
so, to what extent'
Experience proves that prices depend much upon
demand and supply. Articles loaded with high du-
ties instantly fall before an excess in the market;
and rise, regardless of cost, in a scarcity.7 If the
. duty so far protects capital and skill as to draw
them into investments in manufactures; a rival inte-
rest is created at home, competition springs up,
production is increased, consumption is enlarged,
markets are extended, prices are naturally les-
sened; and, if the article can be produced here
with as little cost as it was afforded before,
or as can be brought from abroad, the duty
must fall upon the importer; he must lower
his prices, to meet the competition, to maintan a
position in the market; and, while the supply does
not fall behind the demand, this foreign and domes-
tic strife' will sink the price to the lowest point of
profitable production. Whether prices be raised
by protection, therefore, depends much on the ex-
tent to which it gives the market to the manufactu-
rer. Such, in this country, are the facilities of pow-
er, the cheapness of living, and the abundance of
the rude material, that where machinery enters
largely into the manufacture, it can be furnished
here quite as cheaply as from abroad; but when la-
bor enters more largely into production, the differ-
" ence will be greater, and protection would raise the
price, in some proportion, to the difference in
the value of labor at home and abroad. But
this effect is again, in some measure, coun-
teracted by the superiority of the skill and
enterprise of the labor of freedom and comfort.
It is not, however, by increasing prices that protec-
tion is found. Its temporary effect may be to raise
prices; but its chief purpose is to enable'the manu-
facturer to invest his capital and bestow his skill
upon the production' of an article here, without be-
ing suddenly endangered or sacrificed by an influx
of the surplus of his rival abroad. These could be
thrown in upon the domestic market, breaking up
the efforts of inexperience here. But permanent
sacrifices could not be continued even by the force
of the overgrown capital and pauper labor of Eu-
rope. Nor is protection needed, beyond what may
bestow fair competition. It, is a competition tariff
—moderate, certain, and stable protection—which
best advances the growth of maiuifactuies. High
protection creates enormous surpluses; they inflate
the currency—that raises prices—that nullifies the
tariff—and may finally end in explosion. High pro-
tection does more; it leads to legislative prodigality
in expenditures—to an enlargement of constitution-
al authority—an assumption of undelegated powers
in the process of expending an overflowing revenue
—to sectional combinations of interests grasping for
the spoils of the treasury.
If may be that the existing law is, in some re-
spects, of a high protective character. It may lead
to redundancy; but while we have a debt of twenty-
five millions to pro vide for, in addition to the expend-
itures of the government, we can await in safety
its trial ti'I the future shall become fact, and knowl-
edge solves all doubts. But can it be justly said
that this protective character is oppressive, requiring
immediate and general modification? I see no evi-
dence of it. What has been the experience of
the past year? Have prices in fact raised? Here
and there may be an instance, and that, pei-
haps, showing an equal rise in the rude material;
but, as a general truth, it is notorious that, what-
ever may be the nominal rates of duty, prices ha^e
not ranged above the standard of previous yeai s,
under a tariff of the lowest rates. Who, then, has
cause to complain—the consumer, who pays no
more, or the foreign manufacturer who can get no
more, notwithstanding the increase of duty? Upon
whom falls the loss? The fact is, sir, the depression
of the times lessened the demand for manufactures
from abroad; prices adapted themselves to the supply
and demand, and domestic competition came in for
its share of the market, i! is not the operation of
the tarifithat has produced" this; that has indeed giv-
en to mftiniffwwing «r>4itsiry, The resto
