e*Q6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
Coiro 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Ellis.
H. of Reps.
ration of the currency has given confidence, and bu-
siness revives under the relief of a repose which has
reinvigorated the energies of the system.
But, sir, J am compelled to notice a position ta-
ken by the Committee of Ways and Means, in re-
gard to the principle of protection, less understood
than it should be. We must not be deceived _ into
false issues. The committee profess to go for a
revenue tariff; giving what they are pleased to de-
nominate incidental protection. That is all any one
now demands; and I had hoped all could harmo-
nize upon the principle t>f stability. They define a
revenue tariff to be otie in which duties may be in-
creased without diminishing the revenue, and that
within that limit you may properly give protection.
Sir, no one need desire practically a more liberal
principle of adjustment. Under its operation, im-
portations may be diminished one-half, or even
more, without diminishing the revenue. This is the
doctrine now of many eminent democratic states-
men. There is, indeed, a difficulty in the applica-
tion of the principle. The highest point of the rev-
enue range may this season be one sum, and the
ne^t season another. You may never obtain a true
point of elevation; your calculations, like the conic
asymptotes, might always approach without ever
reaching it. But I will not object to a principle
which admits a reasonable latitude of application.
That could always be regulated for the public good.
Unfortunately, however, this is not the whole doc-
trine of the committee. After presenting this theory
in a manner at once beautiful and logical, they anni-
hilate'the whole structure—discarding practically
the doctrine of inciden tal protection, and adopting
that exclusively accidental. Sir, the sweep of an
Attila or an Alaric could not be more fatal than the
.change which suddenly subverts the principles so
strongly unfolded in the report. They close the ex-
position of their theory by declaring that the "lowest
duty" which will produce the desired revenue is the
"true and legitimate revenue duty!" We are no
longer allowed to give protection until the revenue
begins to sink in amount; we are no longer allowed
to diminish importations by a process which does
not diminish the revenue. Sir, if you fix the lowest
duty, you necessarily interpose the least obstacle
you can to importations." You invite them here,
through the slightest duties you can exact. How,
then, can you give incidental protection, or even any
protection at all? Every duty, you may say, is
protective; though that would not be true, unless it
were high enough to lessen importations. But if
the lowest duty now should happen to encourage
production at home, then, as importations diminish,
you must again lower your duty in order to obtain
the desired revenue—thus constantly legislating
against protection. They began by declaring that
we might run for protection up the whole range of
the revenue scale, until the prohibitory should be-
come paramount to the revenue power. We con-
sent to the compromise, and are then suddenly re-
pulsed by the condition that we cannot be permitted
to-rise above the loiuest duty that will produce the
desired sum; though we may run down below that,
in search of protection, till we find the bottom in
free trade itself! Why, sir, this was never the doc-
trine of the demociacy. I declaie uncompromising
war upon a principle of legislation so desti uctive.
What is the meaning of it>
It is, sir, that whatever can be purchased abroad,
should not be made at home. It is practically to
legislate against the manufactures of your own
country—to check the growth of home industry.
What a suicidal course ! The first principle and
, duty of agovernment is to protect its own citizens
against the legislation of foreign powers. True,
you must not legislate for the benefit of one portion
of the conn try, or of one interest, to the injury of
another. Fair and just discrimination will not do
that; nor should you permit foreign powers to
legislate to your disadvantage, without counter-
acting legislation. Every nation of commercial im-
portance on earth taxes heavily the products of our
agriculture; and shall we quietly submit without re-
taliation, and kiss the rod that smites us? You may
countervail by prohibition or by opposing duties.
While you raise your revenue by imposts, you may
adjust them in a mode calculated to relieve the pres-
sure of foreign policy, without interference with do-
mestic interests. And shall we see their markets
groan with burdens upon the products of our indus-
try, and remove all we can from theirs? Shall we
contrive plans, and spin out theories, by which their
labor shall be patronized and encourageti in prefer-
ence to ours? Why, sir, did any nation ever adopt
a policy like that? What would have been the effect
upon the shipping interest of your country, had that
policy been pursued towards it? Protection was
thrown around your commerce, from the very origin
of your government, by discriminating duties in
favor of American tonnage, and that branch of your
national industry has grown up under that encour-
agement; and whenever it has been impaired—when-
ever reciprocity "has been established—your ship-
ping interest has suffered, and in some cases it has
been nearly ruined.
What is there, sir, so abhorrent in the feelings to
licidental protection, as heretofore understood, but
which the committee practically discard? It'must
necessarily call forth the -productive energies of the
people, and by competition, and expansion of mar-
kets, and* a more ready supply of demand, carry
along a reduction of prices also. Sir, I repeat, all I
desire is a competition tariff—one that shall yield
only revenue enough to support an economical ad-
ministration of the government, and at the same
time give us competition in the market here with
foreign rivals. But to this southern doctrine of the
lowest duty—sinking as industry here competes and
produces—to this principle of accidentalism, ever re-
ceding as chances of favor spring up before native
enterprise, I cannot submit. It was not adopted, it
is said, in the committee, without a struggle. It is
understood to have been- proposed, after the report
was drawn, by the distinguished member from Ala-
bama; but it effectually nullifies all the principles of
incidental protection which overspread the report;
they resemble it to a vessel upon the ocean—a
strange vessel sailing under false colors. The sys-
tem of1 raising revenue by indirect taxation, does
necessarily fall more heavily upon the poor than
upon the rich—less upon property than labor. As-
tor himself is thus taxed less heavily than many
merchants, mechanics, artisans, or farmers; and how
can this injustice be remedied? Why, sir, it can be
done only by protection. Diminisn importations
from abroad; create competition; give employment
to labor, skill, enterprise; let industry augment and
enjoy its rewards. You thus compensate, in some
degree, for the inequalities of indirect taxation. Sir,
give me protection, or abolish this system of raising
revenue altogether. The rule of obtaining it by the
lowest duty, constantly falling as competition rises,
(if it can ever start,) this course of ceaseless deple-
tion, without, receiving strength at all—of reducing,
without restoring—is one of insufferable oppression;
and tar preferable, and less burdensome to the poor,
■yvould be direct taxation itself. But, sir, what
would the South say to that? A large portion of
their peculiar population would then become the
subjects of taxation, as property. The South must
then pay that fdiarc of the burden which now falls
upon the North in its superior consumption. And
is dread of this ultimate result—the fear that we
may soon become exporters instead of importers of
merchandise, by the growth of our industry, throw-
ing upon them their due share of real taxation—
the secret of that hostility to manufactures which dis-
tinguishes southern statesmen' And what would
the West say to direct taxation? While they escape
from much of the burden now, their broad acres
and ri®h fields would then lie in grand and tempting
expanse before the eye of the tax assessor, and they
too would feel what equality of taxation is.
Sir, there is misconception in regard to free trade
and protection, or I do not rightly apprehend them.
Both systems are, in themselves, theoretically true;
and that I suppose the reason why the advocates of
each adhere so pertinaciously to their faith. Both
lead to the same results. Under a system of gen-
eial free trade, an equalization in the value of capital
and labor here and abroad mustfollow. We should
then natuially, as the approximation advanced,
become a manufacturing people. But protection
produces the same effect—not by that equalization,
but by a process of encouragement—and is rendered
necessary by the fact that commercial nations, in-
stead of free trade, regulate their policy so as to give
a preference to their own industry, and throw upon
others as much of its own burdens as they can.
Their restrictions impose upon others the necessity
of counter-restrictions.
One important advantage home production gives
to every country, is, it employs the capital and in-
dustry of its own people, not for the advantage of
others, but of themselves; not dividing the profits of
labor abroad, but retaining them at home; not sup-
porting a population abroad, but at home—retaining
the use of its precious metals, whose sudden
withdrawal deranges the regularity of -sound
business; avoiding all the expenses, of transpor-
tation, and ' saving the profits of exchange. If
' you purchase ill London, you must transfer your
funds there to pay. That expense you mustbeur.
The bulky articles of produce cost more in trans-
portation than the manufactures you receive.. And
even if you do not yourselves pay the difference—if
you sliare it with your customer'abroad—still you
endure an expense—an unnecessary sacrifice en-
tirely, which could- as well be saved to your own
people, in all that they "have the means of pro-
ducing, as to be expended in building up- foreign
commerce, which thrives and grows rich upon "pro-
ductive industry, without itself creating wealth.
The riches of commerce are taxes levied upon the
producer and consumer in the process of exchange.
They spread the lofty sails upon the ocean, build
up cities, erect splendid edifices and magnificent
palaces, and make merchant princes; and, white
employed in exchanging the peculiar products of
one country for those of another, advance the gen-
eral welfare. But still all is paid from the labor of
the masses. Home production relieves them of the
burden, but leaves them the blessing. -
But, Mr. Chairman, omitting the discussion of
principles, let us turn our attention to the character
of the bill proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means for our adoption. What must be its opera-
tion? To bring into the country productions which
our own labor and capital now abundantly supply,
and which they can supply better and cheaper than
they probably would be furnished by the foreigner,
had lie the exclusive possession of the market.
Why stimulate production abroad and depress it at
home? Why diminish the employment of our me-
chanics and artisans? Why interfere with the
smith, the tailor, the hatter, the tanner, the-shoe-
maker, the seamstress, the milliner, the mantua-
maker, and many other trades—to say nothing of
larger and more important manufactures? Such
I do not say is the design of the committee; but
what else can be the operation of their bill ?
If you facilitate importations of fabrics of this
kind, for whose benefit is it done? While the for-
eigner is undermining their market, I grant he will
undersell them. But when his purpose is accom-
plished, what more will he do? Will he not ask
you to make up his losses? Will he not compel
you to refund them-from your pocket? Does reve-
nue require a sacrifice like this? You reduce also
the duty on wool of the ordinary, as well as finer
grades. Why invite the foreign wool-grower'here
as a competitor to our farmers? But you cut down
the duty on woollen fabrics, weaken the ability of
the manufacturer to purchase of either. "You
strengthen the foreign competitor of our manufac-
turer, and also of our farmer; and, by both reduc-
tions, place the latter between the upper and nether
millstone. He may not be "ground to powder;"
but he must send his sheep to the shambles if he
cannot sustain a competition from abroad, at a di-
minished consumption of his fleece, and a dimin-
ished price for it also. Sir, a hundred articles can
be named, affecting this interest or that, "open to
the same inquiry and criticism. And for what
ultimate object are they all? Professedly, to rectify
the revenue—to lessen it, if too much; or increase
it, if too little—an operation less sure than the game
of "odd and even," which must turn one way or
the other; for, in my judgment, the existing duties
are as likely to be right as either effect of the bill.
But I should notice that the. committe, with great
liberality, have trebled the duty on wool of a kind
so coarse that scarcely a pound is raised in our
country. So far as it goes, it is well. The reve-
nue can suffer but little; for the whole amount of
duties at any rate, on the ai tide, for any one year,
would hardly be enough to stock any sheep pas-
ture in my district.
But, sir, while the bill must thus injure some in-
dustrial interests, reductions are made upon nu-
merous articles of luxury, which should pay well,
because chiefly used by a class of persons who can
afford to pay; and on some of which, it seems to
me, an increased duty could safely be imposed.
I have examined with care the whole details of the
bill; and, while I will not trouble this body by spe-
cifications, it is the conviction of my mind that many
of the proposed alterations are injudicious, in ref-
erence to the discrimination between articles of ne-
cessity and luxury.
After all, sir, if you are to make sacrifices of the
character we have considered, let it be done, not by
legislation, but by treaty. To obtain the advan-
tages of this bill, England or the continent will
