June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Texas Annexation^ Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
yield you concessions and favors in return, which
might advance some interests, though others are in-
jured. Why not ask her for a favorable modifica-
tion of her corn laws? That boon may be hopeless;
but, at least,'we could insist upon a reduction of
the duty on beef, pork, and the products of the
dairy. Sir, it is my serious conviction that the
enactment of this bill, if made a condition, would
obtain the removal of important restrictions.upon our
trade from the commercial nations of Europe. .
• But, sir, there are two general objections to this
measure, of an importance equal to any X have dis-
cussed, and which would be controlling in my own
mind, were the others removed. The' first is the
horizontal gauge ,of twenty-five per centum, to
which the mass of dutiable merchandise is to be
subjected. This limit has no foundation in practical
justice,.nor is it plausible even in political theory.
It disregards the difference of duty which one arti-
cle can bear more than another. The poor and the
rich pay equally the same tribute of taxation.
Gn some articles—particularly such as are pro-
duced only abroad, and used here only in manufac-
ture—it may-operate as exclusion; while upon oth-
ers, the rich and' expensive, consumed only in the
mansions- of opulence, it- .would not be felt in the im-
portation. It is a practical burlesque upon the beau-
tiful theories and logical disquisitions of the report
concerning the "revenue limit," the "revenue range,"
the "lowest duty," and "prohibitory action," and
more particularly upon exemptions from its opera-
tion, which are made by the bill in favor of the pe-
culiar interests, of Pennsylvania and Louisiana—
manufactures from iron and the cane. Nor, sir, con-
sidered with -reference to revenue alone, can it com-
mand the confidence of the country. If a duty of
■twenty per cent, upon a home' valuation, which in-
creases the amount considerably, yielded a revenue
of only twelve millions of dollars, what reliance can
be placed .upon the sufficiency of a duty but five per
cent, above the other, upon a foreign valuation?
Tta other objection to which allusion was made,
is the adoption of foreign valuation in assessing t}:e
duty upon importations. This mode must always
subject the revenue t.o the caprice of foreign prices.
It offers temptation to all that variety of evasion
which has made frauds upon the customs a prover-
bial reproach to- the system. Upon the honesty of
the importer, and your own sagacity in detecting
his illegal practices, depends not only the protection
of the revenue, but of the interests of the American
importer, who may be driven from the market by a
competition favored by fraud, and beyond the reach
of your detection-. The cdmpromise act, while it re-
duced the duties to a twenty per cent, standard,
guarded the revenue by. the exaction of a home val-
uation—a mode of assessment which admits of no
evasion with safety,-and places the native on a con-
dition bf equality with the foreign importer. This
exaction was itself equivalent to a protection, it is
said, of at least ten to fifteen per cent. The present
bill, while it does not possess this advantage, raises
the duty but little above that of the compromise; and
in effect, to my apprehension, renders it, by this fea-
ture, more objectionable than that.
And now, sir, it may be expected that I should
etate the principles which seem to me proper'to reg-
ulate the construction or modification of a tariff.
To insure the benefit of any revenue system, there
must be-stability in the currency. It must be free
from theexpansions incident to its collection and dis-
bursement by the agency of banks connected with
the government. Neither a national institution nor
a depositeSystem should become almoners of infla-
tion. An independent treasury should separate the
revenues of the government from those of individ-
uals, and maintain that natuial restraint against ex-
cessive issues of .paper.
No more revenue should be collected than is ne-
cessary for a prudent administration of the govern-
ment. The aggregate amount should be confined
within the limits of rigid economy. Articles indis-
pensable for national defence should be fully pro-
tected to such an extent, even by prohibition if re-
quisite, as to place the country in a condition of un-
questionable independence in war. Upon articles
of general use, not the growth or product of our
own country, no duties whatever, or the least that
necessity will admit, should be exacted; while ar-
ticles of luxury should bear such duties as would
yield the largest - amount of revenue they could
produce. With this arrangement in view, I would
then give to all products or manufactures of our own
country, by the graduation of the scale, that protec-
tion which would place them, in the home market,
on terms of fair competition with their rivals abroad.
This I understand to be incidental protection. Rev-
enue is the object and the limit; protection bv the
adjustment of the scale is the incident. The inter
ests of agriculture, manufactures, and commerce
may thus be blended in harmony, and the progress
of your country be upwarckmd onward.
TEXAS ANNEXATION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
., OF MISSOURI.
In Senate, Saturday, June 15,1844 In reply to Mr.
McDuffie.
Rising, as Mr. McDuffie concluded, and taking
up the last words of his speech, Mr. Benton ex-
claimed—but with this great, difference! this great
difference! that my bill refers the question of war
.with Mexico to Congress! where all questions of
war belong! and the negotiators of this treaty made
war themselves! They, the President and his Sec-
retary of State, made the war themselves; and made
it unconstitutionally, perfidiously, clandestinely, and
piratically. The secret orders to our army and
navy were piratical, for they were without law; and
to waylay, and attack a-friendly power, with whom
we have a treaty of amity; and as a member of a
court martial, I would sentence to be shot any officer
of the army, or navy5 who should dare to attack
Mexican troops, or ships, or cities, under that order.
Officers are to obey lawful orders, and no others;
and they are not to make war by virtue of any pres-
idential orders, until Congress has declared it. They
may go to the place under the orders of the Presi-
dent; but to attack the ships and troops of Mexico,
is another affair, and subjects them to a responsi-
bility for which an illegal order is no justification.
The army and navy belong to the United States,
and not to the President and his Secretary of State;
and no degree of ignorance—no feeling of subjec-
tion, or passive obedience—can justify officers in a
case of flagrant illegality. General Wall, a governor
and a'general in the British service, was hanged
twenty, years after the event, for illegally putting one
man to death: what should be done to American
officers, whose fealty is due to the law, and not to
individuals, who should commit war by virtue of
illegal orders? Happily, the rejection of the treaty,
and the consequent recal' of our ships and troops,
releases the question from further difficulties as it
concerns the officers. But how stands it with a
a President and Secretary—who have literally done
what Patrick Henry never conceived (for his famous
expression applied to the federal government itself,
and not to its mere administrators)—-when these two
functionaries, by a secret' compact with a foreign
power, employ the purse and the. sword upon a
peaceful neighbor, with whom we have treaties of
amity, commerce, navigation and limits; and that
without the knowledge of Congress, then sitting in
their presence! Officers, since the rejection of the
treaty, may get out of their position without the
guilt of piratical war: but what is the guilt of the
men who sent them out to commit it—who con-
cealed their illegal orders from Congress—gave con-
tradictory reasons for them to the Senate, when de-
tected—and whose folly might make war even after
their absurd reason for it had ceased: for how could
these naval and military officers know that the treaty
was rejected until long after it was rejected? and
during all which time their orders were still in force
to lie in wait for the Mexicans, and attack them
going to Texas! What is due to the guilt of men
who have ordered such crimes as these, although
the decision of the Senate may prevent their perpe-
tration?
The senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDuf-
fie] assimilates my bill to the treaty, and makes it
out equally insulting to Mexico. Strange compari-
son this! Hyperion to a satyr ! My bill is consti-
tutional; for it refers the question of war to Con-
gress. It is respectful to Mexico; for it requires
her to be consulted before, and not after, the treaty.
It assumes her consent to be necessary now, in the
present state of the question between her and Tex-
as; but supposes a time when it will not be necessa-
ry, and of which Congress is to judge. In all this,
as in every other particular, it differs as light
differs from darkness, and as reason differs
from folly, from the treaty of the administration:
a treaty that makes war without the knowledge
of Congress and without a preliminary effort
to conciliate Mexico! And whenever Congress
comes to decide the question of war with Mexico,
as a means of getting Texas a year or so sooner,
then they will have a serious question on hand, and
one to be viewed under many aspects. The justice
of such a war may claim a thought from the con-
sciences of some; not having,-^ais we certainly have
not, any cause of war with -Mexico. Its policy
may claim consideration with others; who might
deem it impolitic for the republic of the United States
to commence "a war upon the republic of Mexico,
with the certainty of-exasperating against ns all the
republics of South America. Its profit might arrest-
the attention of others, who might see in the loss of
the Mexican trader more iniury to individual and
national wealth, than the difference of a few years,
in the acquisitions of Texas, could balance or repair.
All this a Congress, representing the people, might
consider and count the cost of, before tboy en-
gaged in a war with'a neighbor with whom" we haye
trade, and treaties, and "which is at the head .of the
cordon of southern republics. Congress would con-
sider these things: our administration did not.
-"they rushed in.
Where angels fear to tread!"
Compared to their treaty, my bill ts an angel—i
use the word in a Greek sense (eu aggelos) a good
messenger—a messenger of good tidings; for it is a
messenger of peace: not a firebrand of war—piratical
war. ,lt gives Mexico a chance to do what it is her
interest and true policy to do: for she and Texas
can never live in harmony together; and soon, or late,
separation is inevitable'. And here I again remark
upon the absurdity of saying, Mexico has no right
to disagree to the annexation. That absurdity has
been repeated too often. Mexico is a sovereign
State, and decides that question for herself! She
decides for herself whether she has claims on Texas,
and what price she sets upon them; and that she
has often declared is war! and, not waiting for war
from her, our President and secretary make it upon
her, and ask the Senate to do the same. The ratifi-
cation of the treaty would have been the adoption of
the war by the Senate.
The senator from South Carolina, who has done
me the honor to address his whole speech to me,
takes exception to the word neophyte, applied by
me to the new friends of Texas. I am surprised at
this exception, coming from him. That senator is a
scholar—no mean one—(I use the term in its litera-
ry sense)—and in his ear, familiar with the language
of scholars, the word can imply nothing offensive or
derogatory. It is, indeed, a chaste and classic
phrase, known to the best writers, both sacred "and
profane. St. Paul uses it in his epistle.s, (the Greek
copies;) and after naming him, no higher authority
is wanted for what is gentlemanly and scholastic, as
well as what is pious and christian; but, bring me a
dictionary, (speaking to a page of the Senate,) bring
me Richardson, letter N, and let us see wliat he
says.
The book was brought. Mr. B. read:
"Neophyte.—In French, neophyte: in Italian,
neofito: in Spanish, neophyto; Latin, neophytus;
Greek, neophutos, from neos, new, and phuton, a
plant, a new plant: figuratively, a new convert; one
newly implanted (s. c.) in the church; and conse-
quentially, newly converted to the Christian faith;
one newly initiated, newly introduced or employ-
ed."
This (resumed Mr. B.) is Richardson's definition
and etymology; and nothing can be more classic or
innocent. It is pure Greek, only modified in sound
and termination, in going through six languages;
and, both literally and figuratively, has an innocent
and decent signification. Richardson gives illustra-
tions in the use of the word by eminent writers.
Let us follow him, and see the application of the
term: and first he quotes from the great Lord Chan-
cellor Bacon, characterized by Pope in a single line,
which I will not repeat; for it is only of the scholar
and philosopher of whom we speak. In his essay
on the Union of Laws, he says:
"Nay, in effects of grace, which exceed far the effects of
nature, we see St. Paul" makes a diU'erence between those he
calls neophytes— that is, newly grafted into Christianity—
and those that are brought up in tile faith."
This is a scriptural, or sacred application of the
word, and very applicable; for the senator is a graft
in the Texas faith, and I was brought up m it.
But it has many other applications; and Ben
Johnson applies it histrionically, (a professional ap-
plication with him,) and shows that the stage, as
well as the church, had its crops of these new plants.
He says, in Cynthia's Revels:
"It ia with your young grammatical courtier, as with
