608
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844-
Texas Annexation Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
your neophyte player, a thing usual to be daunted at the first
presence or interview."
In poetry as well as in prose, the neophyte figures;
and thus we find him again in Ben Johnson, in the
Revels of Cynthia:
"There stands a neophyte glaiing, of his face:
   an(j repeats,
(Like an unperfect prologue, at third music,)
His part of speeches, and confederate jests,
In passion to himself."
There stands a neophyte! I hope the senator
will feel nothing personal, remarkable as the coin-
cidences are. I read a& I find it in the book. There
stands a neophyte! and certainly the senator is a
new plant in the Texian garden, his sprouting or
taking root there being of quite modem date, and en-
tirely posterior to the delivery of* a certain governor's
mes&age that he and I wot of. But then it is acci-
dental that he stands before me, and provokes the
vindication of a phrase innocently used. There
stands a neophyte! and repeats, not an unperfect
prologue, or epilogue; for the senator is very perfect
in his j)art upon a three days1 preparation, and re-
peats with becoming accuracy. And then his jests!
although confederate, they are innocent and good,
and prove their worth by their age; for they have
lasted a long time, seen hard service, and still sur-
vive. • Even two thousand years ago the satiric
poet celebrated the virtues of old jokes, and assigned
them a durability, under hard use, of more than
metalic or lithotic power.
"Even flint and steel, continued use impairs,
. "But your old joke no diminution fears." ,
But, to be done with joking! the senator is cer-
tainly a new plant, and an exotic, in the Texian
garden! and those friends of his, the defence of
whom has called him from a sick bed to do what he
has not done, defend them—a task which would in-
deed require angels and ministers of grace! these
friends of his, they are also new plants, and exotics,
and strange plants in the same good garden: and of
them I must say, moreover, what I cannot and will
not say of him—they are intrusive, noxious, and
poisonous weeds in that fair garden! I remember
the time when they flung the whole garden, as a
worthless incumbrance, away, And they enter it
now, as the serpent did Eden, with deceit in the
face, and death in the heart.
The senator has complimented me upon a part of
my character in which I take a great pride—the di-
dactic part—a faint imitation of the elder Cato—that
of teaching my children; and I trust that the exer-
cise of the morning will not diminish his good opin-
ion of the teacher'.^ tact or taste in driving languages
into boys' heads. The schoolmaster has certainly
been about; and the day's work is a specimen of his
skill and power. That word, neophyte ! the sena-
tor now knows it in six languages; and the better
in each for knowing it in all; and learnt in all while
learning it in one, according to the method of Locke
and Milton two hundred years ago. And here ends
the first lesson. I never overtask my neophytes.
The senator who has laid me under the necessity
of making this reply, finds it disrespectful and offen-
sive that I should treat the President's message to
the House of Representatives as an appeal from the
Senate to that body. Certainly 1 c uld not treat it
otherwise, without departing from the universal
sense and understanding of the public, and repu-
diating the meaning of language. That message is,
in its very nature, and, as near as possible, in its
very language, an appeal from the Senate to the
House of Representatives; and is so understood by
everybody. The senator who speaks for the ad-
ministration does not deny this universal understand-
ing. On the contrary, he admits and justifies. He
admits the appeal by name, and justifies it by name,
and has introduced a joint resolution for the legisla-
tive action of the two Houses, and for the ratifica-
tion of the treaty, by name.* The treaty is dead
by the constitutional action of the Senate, and it is
an outrage to the Senate and a revolt against the
constitution to send it to the House of Representa-
tives for revival and ratification. I claim no veto
power for the Senate except where the constitution
gives it, and this it has done in making it the su-
preme arbiter of the formation of treaties. Its
by the Senate and Houst of Rcpresentatires of the
United States oj Jlmerica in Congress assemblpd, That the com-
pact of annexation made between the executive govern-
°J the United States and that of Texas, and submitted
to the Senate lor confirmation by the President of the United
States, be, and the same is hereby, ratified as the fundamen-
tal law of union between the United States and Texas, as
soon as the supreme executive and legislative power o!
Texas shsil ratify and confirm the SRJ(! coronet of annew
fwa- —'Mi', He&uffit t resululinn.
power is as absolute in the case of treaties as in, the
case of nominations; and if this appeal is tolerated,
I see no reason for not-sending all the rejected nomi-
nations to the House for confirmation,-or openly
taking some unconstitutional and fraudulent method
of nullifying the rejection of favorites, and retain-
ing, or smuggling thenr into office, in spite of the
constitution and of the Senate.
The senator from South Carolina, whom a feeling
of private friendship, as he informs us, has induced
to enter the lists for the President and Secretary of
State, is shocked that their conduct should have
been compared to that of the French revolutionary
minister, Genet. He is shocked at this comparison;
and finds the cause of the misapplication of it, as he
supposes, in the non-development of the phrenolo-
gical bump of comparativeness on my head; and
thereupon discourses upon phrenology, as if his
own head had been well fingered for bumps. Mine
never has been; but since the senator has raised the
question, I will accept it, and will vindicate my title
to the power of comparing, if not to the signs of
comparativeness. He says Genet was a foreigner:
I happen to have said that myself. He says his ap-
peal from President "Washington's proclamation of
neutrality was very audacious: I said so likewise.
And content with that, I pursued the_comparison no
further. But, since the senator provokes it, he shall
have it—those friends for whom he has spoken
' shall have it—they shall have the full benefit of
the difference between Genet and themselves in en-
deavoring to excite an insurrection against a part of
the government. Genet, then, was a foreigner.- He
owed no allegiance to our government, and had
taken no oath to support our constitution; and
therefore, in endeavoring to destroy a constitutional
part of the government, he was guilty of no
treachery, and committed no perjury: the President
and Secretary, owing that allegiance, and having
taken that oath, and now attempting to destroy the
Senate, cannot claim the benefit of these exemptions
which belong to Genet. And that is the difference
in the degree of the offence which they have res-
pectively committed. Is the senator now satisfied
that I can compare, although unfurnished with his
sign of comparativeness?
The senator undertakes to answer my speech;
but he avoids all the hard places. He says nothing
of the two thousand miles of Mexican territory,
(over and above Texas, and to which no Texian
soldier ever went, except to be killed or captured,)
and which, by the treaty, is annexed to the United
States. He says nothing about the private engage-
ment for war against Mexico; and sending our troops
to join President Houston. He says nothing about
this open assumption of the purse and the sword:
nothing about the admission of new States by trea-
ty, without the consent of Congress' nothing about
the loss of Mexican commerce, and the alienation of
all the South American States from our cause:
nothing about the breach of the armistice, and
breach of treaties with a friendly power: nothing
about the Duff Green stories for making pretexts
for predetermined conclusions: nothing, in fact, to
the pregnant indications which show, that the treaty
was made, not to get Texas into the Union, but to
get the South out of it. He defends the feelings, not
the doings, of his friends. The great objections to
the treaty are in its encroachments upon New Mex-
ico, Chihuahua, Coahuila, and Tamaulipas—m its
adoption of theTexian war—in its adoption of that
war unconstitutionally—in its destruction of our
trade with Mexico—in our breach of treaties—in
the alienation of Mexico and all the South Ameri-
can States from us—our permanent loss of trade
and friendship with th jse powers—and the seeds of
disunion (dissolution of our Union) so carefully and
so thickly planted in it. Above all, he says nothing
to the great objection to admitting new States by
treaty—an act which Congress only can do. These
are the great objections to the treaty; and all these
the defender of the President and his Secretary
leaves undefended.
The senator from South Carolina defends the idea
of a treaty, offensive and defensive, between Texas
and Mexico; but he does not take the point of ob-
jection to that alliance. Certainly it is ridiculous—
it is Tom Thumb's alliance with the giant. But ri-
diculousness is the smallest part of the objection to
its feasibility. The loss of twenty millions of silver
dollars per annum—now annually drawn by the
government and merchants of Great Britain from
Mexico- the loss of this specie, the loss of Mexican
trade, the loss of the friendship. of seven mil-
lions ef people, with their three hundred mines,
and the disgust of the other . South American
States which would follow Mexico:—these consti-
tute the objections to British and Texian alliance,
offensive and defensive. The senator from South
Carolina is read in the law of nations: he knows the
purport of an alliance offensive and defensive; and
that it binds each-of the parties to adopt all the wars,
and all the quarrels, of the other. Engaged in such
an alliance with Texas, Great Britain immediately
becomes the enemy of Mexico, and of all the South
American States, which sympathize with her; not
one of which have acknowledged the independence
ol Texas, and all of which harmonize with Mexi-
co, Great Britain has no notion of giving up such
advantages for the honors, or profits, of the Texian
alliance, offensive and defensive. She has no no-
tion of denying herself a rich commerce—losing an
immense annual supply of silver—drawing.upon the
vaults of her own bank for the many millions ' sent
to her troops and ships abroad; and thus literally
killing the goose which lays her the golden eggs.
That folly is reserved for our President and his Sec-
retary: and, once more, I ask ! how long would our
thousand banks, and our paper-money currency
preserve their existence when deprived of their sup-
ply of Mexican dollars' A war with Mexico, even
without a gun being fired—such a war as she now
has with Texas, destroying commercial intercourse
—would be to the United States the most calamitous
of events; and that calamity the ratification of the
Texian treaty would have instantly involved. Great
Britain is too wise for these' follies. She has been
courting Mexico with redoubled assiduity since we
have been alienating her. She has managed wise-
ly, taking both Mexico and Texas by the hand-
preserving the good will and friendship of each—
conciliating both—instead of outraging either; and
she is not going to become the enemy of either for
the sake of the other; much less make an enemy of
an empire of mines, and of seven millions of people,
for the small cotton growing and slave holding pop-
ulation of Texas.
The senator from South Carolina, in his zeal to
defend his friends, goes beyond the line of defence,
and attacks me; he supposes me to have made anti-
annexation speeches; and certainly, if he limits the
supposition to my speeches against the treaty, he is
_ right. But that treaty, far from securing annexa-
" tion of Texas, only provides for the .disunion of
these States, The annexation of the whole country
as a territory, and that upon the avowed ground of
laying it all out into slave States, is an open prepara-
tion for a Missouri question, and a dissolution of
the Union. I am against that; and for annexation
in the mode pointed out in my bill. I am for Tex-
as—for Texas with peace, and honor, and with the
Union. Those who want annexation on these
terms, should support my bill; those who want it
without peace, without honor, and without the
Union, should stick to the lifeless corpse of the de-
funct treaty.
The senator shows much zeal, but more discre-
tion, in the defence of his friends; he carefully avoids
the tender parts. Picking an abolition quarrel with
Great Britain to favor the ulterior design here; con-
centrating troops in the South under an unconstitu-
tional pretext; assuming the war with Mexico by a
private contract with President Houston; placing
our ships and troops under his authority; the
criminal blunder of our Secretary in locating a pre-
text for a previous conclusion in the subsequent let-
ter of Lord Aberdeen; the whole tenor of the slave
correspondence, designed to prevent the admission
of Texian States, and to insure disunion; the un-
constitutionality of admitting new States by treaty:
all these tender parts, and others, the senator's dis-
cretion carefully avoids. These nerves are too sens-
itive to be touched, even by the instruments of the
friendly surgeon.
The senator from South Carolina, still directing
his whole attention to me, counsels me to reserve
my sympathy for the massacred Texians—for those
who have suffered from Mexican cruelty—for the
victims of the Alamo, of the Old Mission, of San
Patricio, and of Goliad. He says these massacres
were the proper occasion for sympathy; the slaugh-
tered prisoners the proper subjects to receive it; and
violated laws of war and capitulations the fit sub-
jects for denunciation. Good1 I agree with the
gentleman exactly! and am glad to see him, like a
genial neos phuton, beginning to sprout and take root
in my old ground. It so happens that I have done
everything before which he now recommends to
me, and done it in the right time, and in the natural
way, when the mas^cres \y«c< frfshi and v>vJicn the
