CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
Mr. WELLER objected to any proceedings without a
quorum.
. The committee accordingly rose, and the Chairman re-
ported to the House that the committee had found itself
without a quorum.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL moved a call of the House.
Mr. STEENllOD called for thejeas and nays thereon,
and they were ordered, and being taken, were yeas 81, nays
52.
So the call was ordered.
, Mr. PAR.vIENTER moved that all further proceedings in
the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HAMMET, the House again resolved
itself into Committee ot the "Whole, and proceeded with
the consideration of the bill for the abolishment of impris-
onment foi debt.
The pending question being on the amendment proposed
by Mr. Giddings,
The question was taken, and decided in the negative.
No further amendment being proposed,
The bill was> laid aside to be reported to the House.
ACT OF INCORPORATION.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the committee take up the
bill to amend the act incorporating the inhabitants of the
city of Washington.
Mr. KIRKPATR1CK moved as an amendment that the bill
for repairing Pennsylvania avenue be taken up.
The question was first taken on Mr Campbell's motion,
and—by yeas 62, nays 66—was decided affirmatively.
Mr. WfNTHROP suggested that the bill be read by sec-
tions. The first section having been read,
Mr. CHILTON proposed a substitute for the whole bill.
It embodied, he said, precisely the same principles in small-
er space.
Mr. PAYNE remarked that if the bills were the same he
could see no necessity for substituting one for the other.
Mr. McCAUSLEN said there had been two bills prepared
in convention of the citizens. One was called emphatically
the people's bill-, that one he desired should be substituted
for the one befoie the committer in case any substitution
was made.
Mr. CHILTON moved, as a substitute, the charter agreed
on at the convention of city delegates chosen to consider
that subject
Mr. WELLER suggested that it wos not in order to move
a substitute till the bill reported by the committee had been
read through.
Mr. VINTON called for the reading of the bill.
The Clerk commenced reading the bill, and had read but
a few pages, when he uas interrupted by
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Dickens, their Secre-
tary, stating that that body had passed a bill to recharter
the banks of the District of Columbia, and asking the con-
currence of the House.
The Speaker having taken the chair, the bill was read
twice.
i3r. CAMPBELL moved to refer it to the Committee of
the "Whole on the state of the Union and to print it.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay it on the table.
Mr SUMMERS said if that motion was persisted in he
should move a call oi the House.
Mr. WELLER said the motion would unquestionably be
persisted in. He understood that bill vefy well.
Mr (SUMMERS then moved a call of the House; which
motion was negatived—ayes 41, noes 72.
Pending the above question.
Mr. .KENNEDY of A.aryland asked if this proceeding was
in order while the House was in committee.
The C'TLAIP ro:ui Vied the proceeding irregular; but it
was understood to be by general consent. The Chair sug-
gested that the proceedings be suspended, and that the
House again resolve itself into a Committee of the "V\ hole.
Messrs CAMPBELL and WELLER by agreement with-
drew their motions.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the bill be printed.
Mr. C JOHNSON said that if .>ny motion was  >nter-
tained. he would renew the motion to lay the bill on the ta-
ble. Ihe bill must be considered as if it had just come from
the Senate, and no action had taken place on it. He should,
how ever, Agree to having the bill referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia
. After some further conversation,
On motion by .^r VINTON,
The House adjourned.
The fU-owing petitions, presented to-day, were handed
to the rf pui teis by the members presenting them:
By Mr. HOPKINS: 'Ihe petition of James B. Crabtree and
71 others, citizens of Smyth county, in the State of Virginia,
praying for the est, uhshment of certain mail-routes.
"By .%Jr WLXTWORTH: The petition of the members of
the bar m Kane county, Hiiro1-, foi establishing a new dis-
trict loi the United States conns'm Illinois, said courts to
be held a<. Chicago: rufeued to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The petition lor a nuil-route from Blue Island via
Bachelor's Grove and Hadley. to Juliet. The petition for a
mail-route from Belvideie toRoscoe: referred to the L om-
mittee on the Post Office and Po&t Roads. The petition for
a mail-route from Napierville, in Dupage county, via Oswe-
go, Yorkvillo, and Newark to Ottowa, m Lasalle county:
referred to the Commiitee oil the Tost Office and Post
Roads Mr. \V. called up the p:iper^ of.Jared Buckingham
from the files of the ( ommittee on Tension6:, for the session
ot 1536 and IS'iT, and had them referred to the present Pen-
sion ( ominittee.
By Mr J THOMPSON: A petition ol John Gille\ Ion. of
Monroe counU , Mi^i^ippi, praying to be reioii'Jeda sum
of money for a certain tract of land m said State, which w as
not subject to entry, and for which he can obtain no patent:
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of the heirs and legal
-representatives of J. R. Gianger, for confirmation of title to
^OOarpens of land on Bayou Plaquemine Brule, in the coun-
ty of Opelousa^, Louisiana.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of John Miller, Oliver Whit-
alter, and others, citizens of Stark county, in the State of
r.UiJch, pra% iiig the establishment of a mail route from
Peoria, in the county of Peoria, via Mount Haw ley, Prince-
ville, Wyoming, Toulon, Wethersfield, Cambridge, Gen-
eseo, Sharon, and Crandell's Ferry, to Fulton city in
Whiteside county, in said State of Illinois. The petition of
John Finley and 25 others, citizens of Stark county, in the
State of Illinois, asking for a mail route from Peoria, in the
county of Peofia, via Mount Hawley, Princeville, Toulon,
Wethersfield, Cambridge, Geneseo, Shaion, and Crandall's
Ferry, to Fulton city, in Whitesrde county, in said State of
Illinois: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 14, 1844.
Mr. SEMPLE presented a memorial from Rob-
ert Marrow, and sundry other citizens of Illinois,
praying for the establishment of a national armory
at Massac, in that State: referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from Billy
Brown, a colored ruaii, and citizen of the United
States, now residing at Portland, Maine, represent-
ing that he served during the war on board the
American ship Alliance, and was wounded in the
action between that vessel and the L'Insurgent, and
prays Congress to grant him a pension: referred to
the Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from Eras-
tus Miller and others, of Albany, New York, pray-
ing that a law may be passed authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States to commute the sentence
of David Babe, alias William Brown, condemned to
be hung for an alleged act of piracy or murder: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHITE presented a remonstrance from
sundry citizens of Wayne county, Indiana, without
distinction of party, against the annexation of Texas
to the United States: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill to grant to the
States of Indiana and Illinois a portion of the unsold
lands in the Vincennes land district, for the comple-
tion of the Wabash and Erie canal.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
from the House for the relief of John Miller.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of Robert Mills,
praying for an examination of the plan devised by
him for facilitating trigonometrical surveys, and it
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Printing,
reported in favor of printing of eight maps accompa-
nying the plan for improving the Ohio river at the
falls.
Mr. SEVIEIl opposed the printing of these maps
as involving a useless expenditure of money.
Messrs. ""SIMMONS and MOREHEAD advoca-
ted the printing of the maps on the ground that they
were necessary to elucidate the report of the engi-
neer department, called for by Congress.
Mr. "WHITE desired to examine into the charac-
ter of the plats proposed to be printed; and with
that view, on his motion, the subject was laid 011
the table til! to-morrow.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from citizens
of Albemarle county, Virginia, remonstrating against
any change of the existing tariff until experience had
demonstrated that an alteration of its provisions
was necessary: also, a memorial of the same
character from Fluvanna county, Virginia; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee 011 Printing,
introduced the following resolution:
Hesolvcd, That 1,500 copies be ordered to be printed for
the use of the Senate of the lcport containing an account of
tlie changes and modifications cl the commeicial system of
other nations, communicated to Congress in December last,
by the Secretary of .-.tale, in compliance v. ith Ule act of Con-
gress of August 16, 184'i.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, laid 011 the table for
examination.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had been referred the subject
of regulating til" offences committed on the high seas
according to their degree of criminality, reported a
bill supplementary to an act entitled "An act to con-
tinue in force an act to protect the commerce of the
United States, and punish the crime of piracy,
and also to make further provision for the punish-
ment of the crime of piracy," passed May 15, 1820;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the petition of Henry
Smith, of Sweetwater, praying permission to bring
certain slaves from Texas into the United States, re-
ported a bill for the relief of persons residing within
the reputed limits of the States of Arkansas and
Louisiana, beyond the boundary line between the
United States and the republic of Texas as estab-
lished by the commissioners appointed to ascertain
the same; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. SEVIER gave notice that he would call this
bill up for consideration to-morrow? or at least to
have a vote taken upon it.
Several adverse reports of the standing commit-
tees on private claims were taken up and concurred
in by the Senate.
NEW PENSION BILL.
The bill entitled An act for the relief of the
widows and orphans of the officers, seamen and ma-
rines who were lost on board of the United States
schooner Grampus, and for other purposes, was
read the third time and passed.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Military-
Affairs, made an adverse report 011 the petition of
Robert Maguire, praying remuneration for losses
sustained, and injuries received by him, while in the
military service of the United States, during the late
war; which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
SOLICITOR OF THE GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
The bill to amend the act entitled An act to reor-
ganize the General Land Office, (being a bill to
abolish the office of the Solicitor ol the General
Land Office,) was taken up for consideration as in
committee of the whole.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to amend the bill by
striking out the words "the passage ot this act,"
and to insert the words "the adjournment of the
present session of Congress;" so that the bill shall
not go into effect until after the adjournment of the
present session of Congress. Mr. H. sail his ob-
ject was that, in being called upon to vote u>r the
bill, he should not be called upon to legislate art in-
dividual out of office.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE remarked that the amend-
ment was a subject of no ^strong objection. Eut
with regard to the objection of the senator froivt
North Carolina to legislating an individual out of of-
fice, he would only say that the term for v, hich the.
present incumbent was appointed had expired long
ago. He preferred that the amendment should not
prevail.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that some shgnt
opportunities which he had had of observing thedu*
ties of this officer had induced him to doubt tne pro-
priety of its abolition. It might have been rendered
very useless.—he did not deny that. Tie most im-
portant offices under the government mi^ht be ^ ren-
dered useless by incompetent officers. He did not
pretend to say whether this had been the cvse in i1'*
gard to the office of solicitor to the Gent: .! Laud
Office, but he was sure tliat if it had failed at all. it
was not because the office was riot a. necessa-
ry one, but because the officer had not been
competent, or had not properly discharged
his duty. A verv short experience in the
office of Attorney" General had satisfied him
that this office was one of great utility; that even
with the assistance of this officer, the Attorney
General was burdened with so much business that
it was impossible for lnni to pay a due regard to
all the arduous duties of his office. I11 fact 110 offi-
cer was so necessary an auxiliary to the Attorney
Genera! as the solicitor of the land office; and he
thought that every man who looked into the dut.es
of this officer would be fully persuaded that many
difficult and perplexing questions arose—captions
beyond the competency of the ordinary clerks, and
beyond the legal competency of an otherwise very
competent commissioner of the land office.
The most perplexing questions arose in regard to
the purchase anS stipulations concerning the Indian
titles of lands, especially where trans'e.-s were
made from one indi\idual to another. Complicated
questions of this kind, between the transferers mid
transferees, arof-e, which were to be ju'dged by some
officer of the government; and if the Att'.-.">°y Gen-
eral attended ever so perfectly to the higher duties
of his station, he could not pay due atienr.on to ah
these. With every disposition to abolish needless
elices, he could not consider this of that character
There might have been needless officers in it: but
that did not render the office Itself a sinecure. If
a search was made there could be found many use-
ful offices, against which the same complaints. as
