5M
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to those conducting them, could be made. A pro-
position was now made to abolish this office. He
considered it a necessary office, and one which
ought to be retained.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, in reply to the remarks of
the senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
said he was decidedly of opinion that there was
nothing more fatal to the prosperity of the country
than an inefficient discharge of the duties of the
public land office. These questions of title were
subject to great difficulties; and such were the im-
perfections of language, that it was an extremely
arduous matter to put a proper construction upon
them. They should be investigated with great cau-
tion; and all the necessary guards adopted for the
attainment of .the desired objcct. The committee,
however, could do nothing more than they had
done. It was stated that this office was a mere sine-
cure; that, after seven years' experience, it was
found that no good had grown out of it, but evil
rather than good. While he attested the high im-
portance of the office, he could not countenance the
continuance of it, unless the land-office system was
materially modified. The office might be retained;
but it should not be retained unless that department
was reorganized.' Experience was better than all
reasoning in this matter. The office, for a long
time, had been utterly useless, and had produced
confusion instead of good. However, he had no
feeling in the matter one way or another; and it
was only because it devolved upon him in the per-
formance of his duty that he had stated the grounds
of his objections.
Mr. BARROW did not intend to detain the Sen-
ate by saying anything upotl this subject, having
said all he had to say when the bill was up hereto-
fore. He only now rose for the purpose of asking
the senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbu-
ry,] who had filled the officc of Secretary of the
Treasury for some time, to state to the Senate his
views upon the subject. When he (Mr. B.) had
the honor of addressing' the Senate before, he stated
it as his opinion that the Attorney General of the
United States, and the Secretary of the Treasury,
had not time to investigate the several cases which
came up. ^ He was gratified to find that he had been
seconded in his views concerning the duties of the
Attorney General by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden;] and he asked the senator from
.New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] to give his
views to the Senate upon that point relating to the
assistance derived from that officer by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and such other points as the sub-
ject might suggest.
Mr. WOODBURY said that, as his experience
had been appealed to by the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Barrow,] he would remark that although the
opinion of the present commissioner of the land
office, and of the Secretary of the Treasury, was in
favor of the abolition of the office, he could say that
his own experience, from the year 1834 to the year
1839, ^ satisfied him that at that time the immense
quantity of business in the land office rendered the
office of solicitor not only necessary and proper, but,
in the hands of the very able western lawyers who
had administered it, particularly useful and efficient.
During the first portion of that period, the late sena-
tor from Illino*3 [Mr. McRobertsJ was the in-
cumbent, and subsequently another very eminent
lawyer; and so satisfactorily did they investigate
the cases referred to them, that in most instances
their opinions were concurred in by the depart-
ments. The commissioner of the land office, who
was the first investigator of cases of reference, was
not of necessity a lawyer; and such was the impor-
tance and the intricacies of the questions, that the
claimants, not satisfied with his opinion, even if he
were a lawyer, appealed from his decision to the
Secretary of the 1 reasury; and even if he were a
lawyer, and gave his opinion against them, they
appealed to the President of the United States,
looking to the decision of the Attorney General as
the last resort.
It seemed to be extremely necessary, therefore,
that there should be an officer in the department
whose exclusive duty it should be to examine into
these questions of title. He had no doubt that, in
the hands of an efficient western lawyer, well ac-
quainted with the land claims, and the lawn by
which they were governed, the office would be
found of very great importance and value to the
government. As to the person in whose hands it
had been when the commissioner and Secretary of
the treasury carjie to their decision as to the capa-
city of the individual, or whether the office had
been rendered nugatory by his incompetency, he
knew nothing, and therefore could express no opin-
ion, not being acquainted with the circumstances of
the case.
Mr. JOHNSON inquired of the hqnorable sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury]
whether, when at the head of the-Treasury Depart-
ment, he was obliged to refer to the Attorney Gen-
eral for his opinion? The office of Solicitor to the
General Land Office was worse than useless;
and he was decidedly of opinion that it ought to be
&>olished.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished to make a single
statement. He thought his friend from Louisiana
could not have had much experience in relation to
this matter. The Attorney General formed his
opinion upon a statement of facts investigated by
the solicitor. What mere clerk was competent to
investigate this statement of facts? The Attorney
General was not obliged to look into them; but it
was upon the statement of facts made to him that
he formed his opinion. It was not a part of his du-
ty to go into the facts themselves. And so the Com-
missioner of the Land Office was equally incompe-
tent to attend to this duty if he paid proper attention
to the other duties of his station. He might be a very
excellent commissioner, without being an able law-
yer. It required an able lawyer to perform this
duty of solicitor. He believed his salary was much
less than that of the solicitor of the treasury.
Mr. PORTER said from his seat. $1,500 less.
One got $3,500 a year, the other $2,000.
Mr. JOHNSON would respectfully ask the sena-
tor from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] wheth-
er the duties of the solicitor of the treasury were
sucli as that these questions might be referred to
him'
Mr. WOODBURY replied that the solicitor of
the treasury was not a western man; and it was
utterly impossible for any but a lawyer profession-
ally educated in the West, among these titles, to be-
come qualified to decide upon claims, involving dif-
ficult questions such as occurred.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he had no personal
knowledge upon this subject; and he relied upon the
information of those who were conversant with it.
There was before the Senate proof that these land
claims were constantly before the government; that
they involved questions of great moment; and that
the Attorney General could not go into the titles ot
them all. There was also the testimony of the for-
mer Secretary of the Treasury, whose opinion was
of great weight. It was proposed, and this bill pro-
vided, that the duties of this office, which were now
performed by the solicitor, should be performed by
the recorder, or such other person as the Commis-
sioner of the* land office should designate. Why
do this? If the office of solicitor was not wanted,
and there was to be no inquiry into these matters,
why not strike that provision from the bill altogether?
Why put an officer of this grade in, to fulfil his
own duties and the duties of solicitor? He
questioned whether we should not soon be
called upon to make an appropriation. Sup-
pose the recorder performed the duties of solicitor,
would he not have to be paid for his extra duties?
By-and-by, Congress would be called upon to
make an appropriation; unless, indeed, persons were
employed who were mere clerks, and who were not
capable of performing the duty. It was much more
advisable and expedient that the duties should be
performed, as heretofore, by some person in whom
the public had confidence.
The discussion was further continued by Messrs.
SEVIER, BREESE, JOHNSON, and WOOD-
BRIDGE, who maintained that the office was now
a perfect sinecure, and should be abolished; and bv
Messrs. CRITTENDEN and WOODBURY in op-
position to the bill, maintaining that the office was
necessary; and that it was an important office if it
was filled by a competent person.
Mr. HA Y WOOD gave his reasons why he could
not vote for the bill in its present shape—maintain-
ing that, although Congress had the right to abolish
the office, it could not legislate a man out of office.
He argued that this bill was one merely to legislate
A B out of office, and to confer his duties upon
some other individual. He would vote for the bill
if it was amended; if it was not amended, he would
not vote for it, because he could not do so without
violating his conscience.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate
without amendment, and the question being on its
engrossment,
Mr. ATHERTON observed that, having submit-
ted the resolution upon which this bill was founded,
he would very briefly state that it arose from a con-
viction that the office of solicitor of the land office
was no longer necessary. The committee of the
House of Representatives had, last Congress, re-
ported that the office was useless and ought to be
abolished. Whether a bill to that effect had
or had not been acted upon by the House, he did
not know; but sufficient grounds were adduced in
the committee's report to satisfy him that the con-
clusion at which it arrived was correct, and that the
public service could suffer no detriment by abolish-
ing the office. He was induced to introduce the
resolution because the office at the time was vacant,
the Senate having rejected the nomination of the
person appointed during the recess. The office
after that rejection was, to all intents and purposes,
vacant. The question, therefore, could not arise
of legislating a man out of office; for it was merely
a question of abolisning a vacant office. The reso-
lution having been referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, that committee, through a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
received a letter from the Commissioner of Public
Lands, giving the most satisfactory reasons for the
proposed abolition, and showing that the duties
of the office could be performed by his cleiks
without augmentation. The committee, in con-
formity with this evidence, reported the present
bill, with a strong recommendation in its favor. It
was very well known that, from time to time, in-
cessent applications were pouring into Congress
from the executive departments, calling for addition-
al clerks and officers to transact the public business,
but he believed this was the first instance on re-
cord of one of the departments recommending the
abolition of an office. It would be strange indeed if
Congress, which had heretofore yielded so readily
to the solicitations of the departments for the aug-
mentation of offices, should now resist the only
recommendation coming from the same quarter for
the retrenchment or abolition of an officc. It
would show that Congress was making very little
progress in that reform which the country was led
to expect. He had risen merely to call for the yeas
and nays on the question of engrossment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted—
yeas 25, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bates, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buchanan, Fairfield, Fultdn, Ilannegan, Hen-
derson, Huger, Jarnagin, Johnson. Lewis, McDuftie, Pea roe,
Porter, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker,
Woodbridge, and Wnght—25.
NATS—Messrs Bagby, Barrow, Berrien, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Haywood, Huntington,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Rives, "White, and "VVoodbury
—16.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. BARROW rose, but, after a few words in
an under tone between him and senators around
him, gave way, and
Mr. EVANS moved to take up the Senate joint
resolution of adjournment, as amended by the
House.
The resolution was accordingly taken up, and
the amendment was read, substituting the 17th of
June for the 27th of May, as the day of adjourning
the present session sine die.
Mr. EVANS was very sorry the House had not
seen fit to agree to the resolution of the Senate to
adjourn on the 27th of May; but he believed it was
under a misapprehension that the Senate was some-
what behind hand in its business, which was not the
fact. On explaining the matter to members of the
House since, he found there was a disposition to
agree to a nearer day than the 17th, and he there-
fore should now move to amend the amendment of
the House by substituting the 3d for the 17th of
June.
Mr. BARROW apprehended this motion to
amend the amendment of the House would lead to
debate. He had given way to the senator from
Maine, under the impression that it was his purpose
m taking up the resolution to concur in the amend-
ment of the House; but if he had understood that it
was the intention of the senator to move this amend-
ment he certainly would have carried out his object
in rising, by moving to go into executive session.
Mr. EVANS considered the resolution the prop-
er business, and one most necessary to dispose of
without delay, both the Senate and the House hav-
ing come to the conclusion of adjourning within a,
time not now very distant.
