6U)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQSB.
June, 18441
. 28tii Cong 1st Sess.
Texas Annexation Bill—Mr. Benion.
Senate.
fully and artfully contrived. A secret and intriguing
negotiation, concealed from Congress and the people:
an abolition quarrel picked with Great Britain to
father an abolition quarrel at home: a.slavery cor-
respondence to outrage the North: war with Mex-
ico: the clandestine concentration of troops and
ships in the southwest: the secret compact with
the President of Texas, and the subjection of Amer-
ican forces to his command: the flagrant seizure of
the purse and the sword: the contradictory and pre-
posterous reasons on which the detected military
and naval movement was defended: all these an-
nounce the prepared catastrophe; and the inside
view of the treaty betrays its design. The whole
annexed country* is to be admitted as one territory,
with a treaty promise to be admitted as States;
when we all know that Congress alone can admit
new States, and that the treaty promise, without
a law of Congress to back it, is void. The whole
to be slave States, (and with the boundary to the
Rio Grande there may be a great many;) and the
correspondence, which is the key to the treaty, and
shows the design of its framers, wholly directed to
the extension of slavery and the exasperation of the
North. What else could be done to get up Mis-
souri controversies, and make sure of the non-ad-
mission of these States? Then the plot is consum-
mated: and Texas without the Union, sooner than
the Union without Texas (already the premonitory
chorus of so many resolves) receives its practical
application in the secession of the South, and its
adhesion to the rejected Texas. Even without
waiting for the non-ad mission of the States, so care-
fully provided for in the treaty and correspondence,
secession, and confederation with the foreign Texas,
is already the scheme of the subaltern disuniomsts.
The subalterns, charged too high by their chiefs,
are ready for this: but the more cunning chiefs want
Texas in as a territory—in by treaty—the supreme
law of the land—with a void promise for admission
as States. Then non-admission can be called a
breach of the treaty. Texas can be assumed to be
a part of the Union; and secession and conjunction
with her, becomes the rightful remedy. This is the
design, and I denounce it! and blind id he who, oc-
cupying a position at this capitol, does not behold it!
I mention secession as the more cunning method
of dissolving the Union. It is disunion, and the
more dangerous because less palpable. Nullifica-
tion begat it;xand, if allowed, there is an end of the
Union. For a few States to secede, without other
alliances, would only put the rest to the trou-
ble of bringing them back: but with Texas and
California to retire upon, and the Union would
have to go. Many persons would secede on the
non-admission of Texian States, who abhor disunion
■now. To avoid all these dangers, and to make sure
of Texas, pass my bill! which gives the promise of
Congress for the admission of the new States—neu-
tralizes the slave question—avoids Missouri coniro-
versics—pacifies Mexico—and haiinonizes the
Union."
The renator from South Carolina complains that I
■ have been arrogant and overbearing in this debate,
and di'tatonal to tho^e who were opposed to me.
So f.u' as this reps ouch is founded, I have to re-
gret ii, and to ask pardon of the Senate and of Us
sne yiber'?. I mnv be m some fault. J have, indeed,
been laboring under deep feeling; and while much
was kept down, something may have escaped. I
marked the commencement of this Texas movement
ions:before it was visible to the public eye; and al-
ways felt it to he dangerous*, because it gave to the
plotters the honest sympathies of the millions. I
.saw men who never cared a straw about Texas—
one of w ho yi °:ave it awa\ i —another of whom voted
union, i
JiOChiC.g :
9 . ;>1tf
i to
•c dnf not reph to this denunciation of dis-
ed to the uliu^wn to his message, but said
on At Jin Jjuioinl Vngtriict, lus ytienuon
id "he mode a public ^u-eeh, m v hat'
corrU. ^ t< th'i IJiehtnoad Knn.mer, he thus noticed it-
'tf,7> noticed -u some len°"<h the choree of '.Dis-
union,' v, Li? i lxCv-1 been luun leri'd by Mr. Bottr ond
in the Clay f*hir> 1,0'jse and el-ewlure against himself <tnd
ins Sure He showed that the first cry 01 disunion, in case
ct annexation, csme from John Q. Adams :./>d hi-; noxthern
friend*:. ar.i he asked, v h'-ther Mr }<ou? had then raised the
cry of djs. von7 Mr. McD averted, Ihot the nesting-; m
.Tolxiii had merely declared that diiumov >vontd he
•i of itoif-innexahon—as the northern fanatics had
u-i cry of 'Texas and Disunion'—but, at all c\enL*?,
. ■< vrspot • iJ.le jiji •vhnt hii constituents nn*>ht tin; for
ere too proud, too patriotic and enlightened, to bo mv
dictation of my man or set of men.5'
the e ,
/(r A l
V
S
C alhoun, m Mr Monroe's cabinet.
against saving it*—and all of whom were silent and
indifferent while the true friends of the sacrified
country were laboring to get it back: I saw these
men lay their plot in the winter of 1842-43, and told
every person with whom I talked every step they
were to take in it. All that has taken place, I foretold:
all that is intended, I.foresee. The intrigue for the
presidency was the first, act in the drama: the disso-
lution of the Union the Second. And T, who hate
intrigue, and love the Union, can only speak of in-
triguers and disunionists with warmth and indigna-
tion. The oldest advocate for the recovery of
Texas, I must he allowed, to speak in just
terms of the criminal politicians who prostituted the
question of its recovery to their own base purposes,
and delayed its success by degrading and disgracing
it. A western man, and coming from a State more
than any other interested in the recovery of this
country so unaccountably thrown away by the trea-
ty of 1819, I must be allowed to feel indignant at
seeing Atlantic politicians seizing upon it, and ma-
king it a sectional question, for the purposes of am-
bition and disunion. I have spoken warmly of
these plotters and intriguers; but I have not permit-
ted their conduct to alter my own, or to relax my
zeal for the recovery of the sacrificed country. I
have helped to reject the disunion treaty; and that
obstacle being removed, I have brought in the bill
which will insure the recovery ofTexas (with peace,
and honor; and with the Union) as soon as the ex-
asperation has subsided which the outrageous con-
duct of tins administration has excited in every
Mexican breast. No earthly power but Mexico has
a right to say a word. Civil treatment and consul-
tation befo-ehand would have conciliated her; but
the seizure of two thousand miles of her undisputed
territory, an insulting correspondence, breach of the
armistice, secret negotiations with Texas, and send-
ing troops and ships to waylay and attack her, have
excited feelings of resentment, which must be allay-
ed before anything can be done.
The senator from South Carolina compares the
rejected treaty to the slain Crcsar, and gives it a
ghost, which is to meet me at some future day, as
the spectre met Brutus at Philippi. I accept the
comparison, and thank the senator for it It is
both classic and just; for as Coesar was slain
for Uie good of his country, so has been this treaty;
and as the spectre appeared at Philippi on the side
of the ambitious Antony and the hypocrite Octavius,
and against the patriot Brutus, so would the ghost
of this poor treaty, when it comes to meet me, ap-
pear on the side of the President and his secretary,
and against the man who was struggling to save his
country from their lawless designs. But here the com-
parison must stop, for I can piomise the ghostarjd his
backcrs that if the fight goes against me at this new
Philippi, with which 1 am threatened, and the ene-
mies of the American Union triumph over me as the
enemies of Roman liberty triumphed over Brutus
and Cassius, I shall not fall upon my sword, as Bru-
tus did, though Cassius be killed, and run it through
my own body; but 1 shall save it, and save myself
for another clay, and for another use—for the day
when the battle of the disunion of these States is to
be fought—not with words, but with iron—and for
the heaits of the traitors who appear in arms a 'amst
their country
The comparison is just. Ca-sar was rightfully
killed for conspiring against his country; but it was
not he that destroyed'the liberties of Rome. That
work was done by the profligate politicians, without
him, and before Ins time; and his death did not re-
store the republic. There were no more elections.
Rotten politicians had destroyed them; and the
nephew of Cresar, as heir to his" uncle, succeeded to
the empire oil the principle of hereditary suc-
cession.
And here, Mr. President, History appears in Iter
crandand instruct ive character, as Philosophy teach-
ing by example: and let us not be. senseless to her
warning voice. .Superficial readers believe it was
the military men who destioyed the Roman repub-
lic. No such thing! It was the politicians who did
it! factious, corrupt, intriguing politicians! destroy-
ing public virtue in their mad pursuit after office!
destroying their rivals by crime1 deceiving and de-
bauching the people fot votes! and bringing elections
into contempt by the frauds and \io!ence with "which
they were, conducted. From the time of the Gracchi
-Mr. Tyler, on Mr Clay's resolution* ir IS!1'. Air Clay's
resolutions were, '•> that tune well foun,i- it. for Texas [lien
had onlv lifen ctded Uy treaty since then a law of congress
sanctioned the treaty/and had the boundary line of 1S19
run, marked, and established.
there were no elections that could bear the name.
Confederate and rotten politicians bought and sold
.the consulship.. Intrigue/and the dagger, disposed
of rivals. Fraud, violence, bribes, terror, and the
plunder of the public treasury, commanded, votes.
The people had no' choice: and long before the time
of Ctesar nothing remained of republican govern-
ment, but the nam%, and the abuse. Read Plutarch.
In the life of Caesar, and not three, pages-before-the
crossing of the Rubicon, he'paints the ruined state of
the elections—shows that all elective government was
gone—that the hereditary form had became a neces-
sary relief from the contests of the.corrupt—and that
in choosing' between Pompey and Ceesar, many
preferred Pompey, not because they -thought him
republican, but because they thought he would make
the milder king. Even arms were but a small part
of Ctesar's reliance when he crossed the Rubicon.
Gold, still more than the sword, was his dependence:
and he sent forward the accumulated treasures of
plundered Gaul, to be poured into' the laps of rotten
politicians. There was no longer a popular govern-
ment; and in taking all power to himself, he only
took advantage of the state of things which profli-
gate politicians had produced. In this he was cul-
pable, and paid the forfeit with his life; but in con-
templating his fate, let us never forget that the poli-
ticians had underminded and destroyed the republic,
before he came to seize and to master it.
It was the same in our day. We have seen the
conqueror of Egypt and Italy overturn the Direc-
tory, usurp all power, and receive the sanction of
the people. And why? Because the government
was rotten, and elections had become a farce. The
elections of forty-eight departments, at one time, in
the year 1798, were annulled, to give this Directory
a majority in the legislative councils. All sorts of
fraud and violence were committed at the elections.
The people had no confidence in them, and submitted
to Bonaparte.
All elective governments have failed in this manner;
and, in process of tune, must fail here, unless elec-
tions can be taken out of the hands of the politi-
cians, and restored to the full control of the people.
The plan which I have submitted this day, for dis-
pensing with intermediate bodies, and hold-
ing a second election for President , when the
first fail's, is designed to accomplish this great
purpose; and will do much good if adopted.
Never have politicians, in so young a country,
shown -suoh a thirst for office—such disregard
of the popular will such readiness to deceive
and betray the people. The Texas treaty (for
I must confine myself to the case before us) is an
intrigue for the presidency, and a contrivance to get
the southern States out of the Union, instead of
getting Texian Statesinto it; and is among the most
unscrupulous intrigues which any country ever be-
held. But we know how to discriminate. We
know how to separate the wrong from the right.
Texas, which the intriguers prostituted to their am-
bitious purposes (caring nothing about it, as their
past lives show) will be rescued from their designs,
and restored to this Union , as naturally, and as
easily, as the ripened pear falls to the earth. Those
who ptcpaied the result at the Baltimore conven-
tion, in which the will of the people was over-
thrown, will be consigned to oblivion; while the
nominees of the convention will bo accepted and
sustained,* and as for the plotters of disunion and
"I write you a Ime on the nominations, chiefly on ac
count of Mr Dallas, whose former United Stares hank opin-
ions may bo quoted against him. He is a man of too much
piohity to declare a change of opinion which he does not
feel, and h<n ir.g lor years back acted against tlie hank, I
shall rely implicit)- upon all he s>ays iiiibt any future sup-
port ol such an institution.
Neither .Mr Polk nor Mr. Dallas have had anj thing to do
with the intrigue which ha& nullified the choice of the peo-
ple. and the lights 01 the people, and the principle5; of our
gOA ernvnent, m the p( rson of .Mr Van Buren. and neither of
them should bo injured 01 pr'judiced b\ it, 1ho«e who
hatched that intrigue hove become its victim? Thej who
dug a pit for the innocent, hn"ve fallen into it. and there n't
them he, for the present, while all hands attend to the elec-
tion, and give us our full rnajOrHy of T,>r thousand in h-
souii for the rest. *he time will come; and the people,
now , tu erity year; acjo, (win n their choice v <?s nallilird
in the person of"<.ieneisl Jackson,) will teach the ( ongr< ss
mtrieruersi to attend to law •making, and let Pie-idtnt-making
and un-makine;. alone mfature.
The TeMeureity, which consummated this intrigue, wss
nothinghntthetin.il net ma Ions conspiracy, in which the
sacrifice ot .\U' Van Buren had been pre\ .ous'iy agreed
upon; and the nomination of .Mr. "Wright for Vice President,
proves it. tor h>.s opinions and tho*e of Vr an Buren on
the Texas question, weieidenticohand if fatal to one, should
have been fatal to the other. Beside*, Mr. Van Buren was
right, and whenever Texas is admitted, it will have to he
done in the way pointed out bj him
Having mentioned Mr Wright. I will sa5~ thai recent
