June, 1844-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r&ii
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Ficklin.
H. of Reps.
secession, they will be found out, and will receive
their reward; and I, for one, shall be ready to meet
them at Philippi, sword in hand, whenever they
bring their parricidal scheme to the test of arms.
I am now what-I have been for. Ive and twenty
years—for Texas! but I want it with peace and
honor, and with the Union! and "for that purpose
have brought in the bill* which is calculated to con-
ciliate every interest, and which the Senate, even in
the expiring- days of the session, has unanimously
admitted, and ordered to its second reading; and
which nothing but the want of time -prevents from
now passing this body. . - •
events have made him known to the public, as he has long
been known to his friends, the Cato of America, and a star of
the first magnitude in our political firmament.—Letter to my
constituents, June 3, 1844."
*Be it enacted, Syc., That the President of the'United States
be, and he hereby is, authorized and advised to open nego-
tiations with Mexico and Texas for the adjustment of boun-
daries, and the annexation of the latter to the United States,
on the following bases, to wit:
1. The boundary of the annexed territory to be in the des-
ert prairies west of the Nueces, and along the higlands and
mountain height? which-divide the waters of the Mississippi
from the waters of the Rio del Norte, and to latitude 42 de-
grees north.
% The people of Texas, by a legislative act, or by any au
thentic act which shows the will of the majority, to ex-
press their assent to said annexation.
3. A State, to be called "The State of Texas," with bounda-
ries fixed by herself, and an extent not exceeding that of the
largest State in the Union, to be admitted into the Uniov , by
virtue of this act, on an equal footing with the original
States.
4. The remainder of the annexed territory to be held and
disposed of by the United States as one of their Territories,
and to be called "the Southwest Tertitoiy."
5. The existence of slavery to be forever prohibited in the
northern and northwestern part of caid Territory, west of
the one hundreth degree of longitude west from Greenwich,
so as to divide, as equally as may be, the whole of the an-
nexed country between slaveholding and non-slavcholding
States.
6. The assent of Mexico to be obtained -by treaty to such
annexation and boundary, or to be dispensed with when the
Congress of the United 'States may deem such assent to be
unnecessary.
7. Other details of the annexation to be adjusted by trea-
ty, so fdr as the same may come within the scope of the
treaty-making power.
REMARKS OF MR. FICKLIN,
OP ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives, June, 1844—On
the subject of the Cumberland road,'in Com-
mittee of the "Whole.
Mr. Chairman: This bill making an appropria-
tion for the continuation of the Cumberland road, is
one of peculiar interest to the people of the West,
and especially to those whom I have the honor to
represent on this floor.
Holding, as I do, the State-rights and strict-con-
struction doctrines, and believing that a general sys-
tem of internal improvements by this government is
fraught with most of the evils ascribed to it by its
opponents, I could not give my sanction to any
measure, the effect of which would be to revive the
justly condemned and exploded miscalled "Ameri-
ican system," though it might secure the expendi-
ture of money tn my district.
To raise money by taxation, and expend it for
works of internal improvement of a local character,
is to burden unjustly one portion of the community
for the purpose of bestowing a bounty upon another,
and is little better than downright robbery by law.
Sometimes we are told by gentlemen on this floor
that there is not anything to distinguish this great
work from other woiks of internal improvement—
that it has no peculiar merit—no ear marks—to
show that it is not embraced in that odious system
of taxation and expenditure by which the strong
combine to tax the weak for their own sordid and
selfish purposes.
Repudiating, in the most unqualified manner, in
whole or in part, in its length and breadth, the mon-
strous and unconstitutional doctrine which maintain
that this government has ample power to embark in,
and prosecute to completion, a general system of in-
ternal improvement, whereby works local in their
character may be constructed in favorite States, I
will show by-and-bye that the Cumberland road is
not part and parcel of any such system; that its in-
ception and continuance are referable to another and
a different head.
It has not been connected with other works of
improvement, its friends have not sought to enter
into the miserable scramble for federal bounty,
which is but too frequently engendered by any gen-
eral system proposing to appropriate money to be
expended in the different States; no bargain to help
others, that they in turn may help us, has marked
the progress of the bill; but, on the contrary, it
stands "solitary and alone," and relies upon its own
intrinsic merits for success.
I have been the .more particular in defining my
doctrines on this subject, because I do not wish to
be misunderstood here or elsewhere. Wben-, there-
fore, gentlemen say that they are strict construction-
ists—that they aie opposed toasplendid consolidated
government—that they concur with Thomas Jeffer-
son when he so forcibly and aptly illustrates the
power and dependency of each of the States, and of
the general government, by saying they are the
co-ordinate departments of one simple integral
whole, the one, the domestic, the other, the foreign,
branch of the same government"—when gentlemen
tell me that that they are in favor of the lowest pos-
sible duties, and of a most rigid economy in the ex-
penditure of the public money—I reply, that to all
these doctrines 1 most cordially subscribe, and trust
that I have given some evidence of my devotion to
them. x
Having said this much preliminary to the exami-
nation of the main question, I now proceed to state
certain propositions which are susceptible of abun-
dant and convincing proof, which must satisfy the
minds of all candid inquirers that this work belongs
not to that system of gambling and log-rolling so
demoralizing in its tendencies, so unjust'in the" dis-
tribution of its ill-gotten pelf, and so palpably in
derogation of the constitution.
First, I lay it down as incontrovertible, that this
road originated in, and forms part and parcel of, the
land system of the general government. Stript of
its useless verbiage, and- of the array of words
thrown around this question, it is one which all may
understand.
Virginia, by deed of cession in 1784, without price
or compensation, gave all of the lands within the
districts of the three States through which this road
was intended to pass, to the States then bound to-
gether by the old articles of confederation.
The rich.lands, therefore, of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, together with Michigan and Wisconsin, are
the free-will offering of the mother of States and of
statesmen—old Virginia. By the third section of
the 4th articles of the constitution of the United
States, full power is granted to, and conferred upon,
Congress, "to dispose of, and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other
property belonging to the United States;" which
provision has especial reference to the public
domain.
The general government, being a large landhold-
er, felt the necessity of opening a great highway,
that the purchaser might visit the lands intended for
sale.
One other consideration doubtless had great
weight, which was this: the desire to knit together
remote parts of this great nation; to annihilate
space, to a considerable extent; to remove mountain
barriers, and to unite-as one people those residing
upon either side of the Alleghany mountains.
The State of Ohio was the first of that family of
sisters (which promises to become so numerous and
so populous) that knocked at the door of Congress
for admission into the Union as a sovereign State.
Ohio was admitted into the Union in 1802, with the
following stipulation in regrard to applying a portion
of the proceeds of the public lands to the purposes
of constructing roads to the State:
"One-Twentieth part ot the net proceeds of the lands ly-
ing within the said State, Fold by Consre^s, from and after
the thirtieth day of June next, after deducting all expenses
incident to the same, shall be applied to the laying out and
making public roads, leading from the navigable waters
emptying into the Atlantic to the Ohio, to thf said Stat*, and
through the same; such roads to be laid out under the au-
thority of Congress, with the consent of the several State*
through which the road shall pass "—Laws of the United
States, vol. 3, p. 498.
Indiana was admitted in 1816, with this provision
on that subject:
"Five per cent, of the net proceeds of the lands lying
within the said Territory, and wjiich shall be sold by Con-
gress from and after the first day of December next, after
deducting all expenses incident to the same, shall be reserv-
ed for making public roads and canals, of which three-fifths
shall be applied to those objects within the State, under the
direction of the legislature thereof, and two-fifths to the ma-
king of a road or roads leading to the said State, under the
direction of Congress."—Laws of the United States, tol. 6, p.
69.
Illinois was admitted in 1818, with this provision
on the same subject:
"Five per cent, of the net proceeds of the lands 1} mg
within such State, and which shall be sold by Congress,
from and after the first day of January, 1819, after deducting
all expenses incident to the sanje, shall be reserved for the
purposes following, viz: two-fifths to be disbursed, under
the direction of' Congress, in making roads leading io the
State—the residue to be appropriated, by the legislature of
the State, for the encouragement of learning, oiwhich.one-
sixth part shall be exclusively bestowed on a"college or
university."—Laws of the United States, vol. 6, p. 295.
And Missouri in 1820, with the following pro-
vision:
"Five percent, ofthe net proceeds of the sale of lands ly-
ing within the said Territory or State, and tfhich shall be
sold by Congress, from and after the first day of January
next, after deducting all expenses incident to the same, shall
be reserved for making public roads and canals, of which
three-fifths shall be applied to those objects within the State,
under the direction of the legislature thereof; andthe other
two-fifths in defraying, under the direction of Congress, the
expenses to be incuired in making of a road or roads, canal
or canals, leading to the said State.""— Laws of the United
States, vol. 6, p. 458.
You will perceive, sir, from the foregoing ex-
tracts, that Congress had covenanted with the new-
States to make advances for roads; and they stipu-
lated, in consideration therefor, not to tax the lands
of the general government for five years after they
were sold, or had passed into other hands. This
fund had accumulated from 1802 to 1806; at which
time the first law was enacted on the subject of the
Cumberland road during the administration of Mr.
Jefferson, and received his approval. This road
continued to receive appropriations from time to
time, for a period of more than thirty years. It has
received the approving sanction of six presidents of
this nation, with the father of democracy (Thomas
Jefferson) at their head; it has received the aid and
support of the distinguished statesmen of Virginia
and of South Carolina, and the whole school of strict
constructionists, with the brightest star of the South
(Mr. Calhoun) at their head.
This road has been made to stand upon its own
merits, unconnected with, and unaffected by, that
obnoxious and justly exploded miscalled "American
system" of internal improvement. That system had
its origin in 1820, fourteen years after the first ap-
propriation to this road, and it continued until 1828,
during which period,-schemes of improvement wera
projected, whose completion, it is said, would have
cost more than two hundred millions of dollars.
This mammoth scheme tottered to pieces of it own
weight. This wild and visionary project of inter-
ested politicians and speculators was exploded; and
thus terminated, for a time at least, that detestable
scheme by which one part of the community was
taxed to construct roads and improve rivers for an-
other.
But, sir, to prove conclusively that this road forms
no part of that system, we find on examination, that
the road neither rose nor fell with it-. Its existence,
did not accelerate, and its death did not retard, the
progress of the road.
The road pursued the "ever tenor of its way," un-
affected alike by the birth or death of the internal,
improvement system.
Having thus established the point that this road
is not a branch of the internal improvement system,
I will next proceed to prove that the faith of' this
government is pledged to complete this great work
as far west as the State of Missouri.
That Congress has the unlimited control over the
public; lands, is shown by the constitution itself; and
if that right is limited or restricted in any way, it is
by the formation of new States, giving to each the
public domain lying within its limits as is contended
by some of the ablest men of the country, and not.
without plausible grounds; but that point I will not
at present discuss.
Nor will I enlarge upon the impolicy of this gov-
ernment being the principal landholder within the
limits of a sovereign State, or of her receiving pay
from her citizens for lands which she received as a
boon, as a free gift from one of the States of this
confederacy: these questions I will adjourn for the
present, with the promise that they shall be urged,
at the proper time, and on the proper occasion.
The three States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
contain within their limits largely over one hundred
millions of acres of land. The tax upon this land,
for five years next succeeding its sale, would not
likely be less than one dollar to every hundred acres,
as an average. But say that the tax would be one
million of dollars per year: m fhe years it would be
five millions of dollars—a sum sufficient to complete
this road in the three States.
All of the lands of the general government, up
to the time of sale, and for five yeais thereafter, are
exempt from taxation. This great and invaluable
right of taxing the property within the limits—en§
