CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
Mr. BARROW, foreseeing the amendment would
lead to debate, should move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN begged the senator from
Louisiana would allow him to make the suggestion
that the amendment might not lead to debate. If the
time of adjournment were now fixed, both Houses
would work up to it, and more business would be
done. Should the amendment lead to discussion,
he for one would consent to lay the resolution on
the table for to-day.
Mr. BARROW consented to suspend his mo-
tion, on condition that the vote would be taken at
once.
Mr. RIYES expressed a hope that no amendment
would be made; for he apprehended if the resolution
was sent back to the House, the question of ad-
journment would be opened up, and the whole mat-
ter would be at sea again. He felt confident, if the
amendment of the senator from Maine prevailed, the
House would open up the discussion, and probably
the session might be protracted for months. The
House was best judge of the time necessary to ac-
complish its own business; and having fixed upon
the 17th of June, he saw no sufficient reason for not
concurring on the part of the Senate.
Mr. WALKER assured the Senate that if the
resolution was proceeded with now it would lead to
discussion. It was a resolution which could not,
under existing circumstances, be disposed of with-
out considerable debate. He should himself be com-
pelled to debate it, in view of important matters to
be disposed of before the adjournment could take
place.
Mr. BARROW requested that, such being the
senator's intention, he should renew the motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. WALKER, in accordance with this request,
moved to lay the resolution on the table.
The vote was taken on this motion by ayes and
noes, and resulted—ayes 84, noes 1G.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. EVANS gave notice that he would to-mor-
row move, at the earliest opportunity, to take up the
resolution.
On motion of Mr. -BARROW, the Senate then
proceeded to the 'consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein,
Adjourned. •
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 14, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DAWSON, by leave, presented a resolution
of the legislature of the State of Louisiana, request-
ing the senators and representatives from said State
in the Congress of the United States to procure a
survey of the mouth of Red river, and earnestly
urge an appropriation to be made to remove the im-
pediments now existing in said river; which resolu-
tion was committed to a Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL,
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of the "Whole
House onthe state of the Union on House bill "to amend
and continue m force the act to incorporate the inhabitants
of the city of Washington." shall cease at half after 12
o'clock this day, and the committee shall then lay aside the
said bill, with such amendments as mky be agreed upon, to
be reported to the House
Mr. CAMPBELL inquired what was the situa-
tion of the bill for rechartering the banks of the
District, which camc from the Senate yesterday.
The SPEAKER replied that the bill was upon
the Speaker's table, and would come up in its order
after the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he was extremely desir-
ous that that bill should be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and he would therefore move, if
it were the proper course, to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be read a second time.
And before the House voted upon that motion, he
requested them to review the history of the transac-
tions of the last two days. On the first day set
apart for the consideration of District business, he
moved to take up the House bill for extending the
charters of the banks, considering it one of the most
important bills that had been referred to the com-
mittee, and the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. C.
Johnson,] when the clerk was about to read the bill,
objected on the ground that a bill of a similar char-
acter was under consideration in the Senate. What
was the inference to be drawn from the gentleman's
objection' Was it not that so soon as the Senate
bill should be communicated to this House, he
would be willing that the subject should be consid-
ered? But what was the couri-e of tbe gentleman
yesterday? When there was a packed House the
gentleman moved to lay the bill upon the table.
Upon his motion for reconsideration, Mr. C.
asked for the previous question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON desired the gentleman from
South Carolina to explain what he meant by saying
that there was a packed House. If the gentleman
meant to impute to him a desire to take any unfair
advantage, he made a charge which was utterly un-
true.
Mr. HARDIN remarked that the previous ques-
tion had been demanded, and debate was therefore
out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he had made no charge,
but he would withdraw his call for the previous
question, at the request of the gentleman, on condi-
tion that he would renew it.
Mr. JOHNSON said he had always been opposed
to the bill, and would endeavor to defeat its passage,
but not by indirect means. He did not want the
time of the House to be occupied twice on the same
subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL renewed his demand for the
previous question.
There was a second, and the main question (on
the reconsideration) was ordered to be now put.
Mr. BURKE moved to lay the bill upon the table;
and upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and ordered, and being taken resulted thus:
yeas 70, nays 94.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on Mr. Campbell's motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was order-
ed to be read a second time, and was decided in the
affirmative.
The bill being then upon its second reading was
read a second time; and, on motion of
Mr. CAMPBELL, was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL, the bill was
then referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
CHARTER OP THE CITY OP "WASHINGTON.
On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. J. R. Ingersoll in the
chair,) and resiimed the consideration of the bill to
renew the charter of the city of Washington.
The bill having been read through—
Mr. CAMPBELL offered an amendment, pre-
scribing the payment of a poll tax as a qualification
for voting at elections.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana opposed the amendment
on the ground that many qualified voters might be
passed over by the assessors. He was for the un-
limited right of suffrage, and opposed to any re-
striction whatever.
Mr. HAMLIN also opposed the amendment.
He would have no other qualification for a voter
but that he should be in possession of his reason.
For the reasons which he had given, he should go
to expunge everything from the bill that would im-
pose any restriction on the exercise of the suffrage.
He desired that every white male citizen of 21 years
of age should have the right to vote; and if any dis-
tinction at all were made, let it be one of intelligence
and not of dollars and cents.
Mr. McCAUSLEN instituted a comparison be-
tween two bills, one now before the committee, and
one which he was understood to say would be offered
as a substitute for it in the Senate. He advocated
that which he designated "the people's bill,"—a bill
got up by the people of this District, and one which
he deemed well calculated to promote the interests
of the people.
Mr. CHILTON related some proceedings of the
committee to whom this subject had been referred,
and the result of some interviews had with com-
mittees coming from the people, to show that it was
the desire of even those that had been the advocates
of universal suffrage, that the suffrage should be
denied to those who pay neither poll nor property
tax. He hoped this committee would accede to the
voice of the people, and not attempt to carry out
systems which prevail in the States in favor of which
the people of this District had not spoken.
Mr. Gr. W. JONES knew not what portion or pro-
portion of the people approved this charter, but the
only principle he could recognize was that of the
largest liberty. He would extend the suffrage to
every white inhabitant of the age of 21 years. That
was the system pursued in the West, from which
he came, where the poorest freeman could vote
equally with the most lordly aristocrat.
The Chairman here announced the expiration of
the time to which the debate was limited.
The question was then put on the pending amend-
ment, being Mr. Campbell's motion to insert the
words "and who shall have paid a poll tax," [shall
be entitled to vote, &c.]
Tellers were demanded and appointed, who re-
ported 66 votes in the affirmative, noes not counted.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk proceeded to read the remainder of the
bill.
Mr. GEO. W. JONES moved to strike out the
whole bill after the enacting clause, and insert a sub-
stitute which he handed up.
Mr. J. said that bill was nearly similar to the bill
of the committee, and was a revision of that bill.
The qualification of mayor and councilman and of
voters was the same. Such alterations as were
made would readily be understood if read by the
clerk.
By general consent those parts of Mr. Jones's
bill which differed from the bill of the committee
were read.
Mr. CHILTON moved to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting the charter recommended by the convention
of delegates from four wards of the city.
On taking the question, this amendment to the
amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CHILTON moved an amendment, to come in
as an additional section, providing that this charter
shall be submitted to the qualified voters of the city
as described in said charter, and if approved by a
majority of them, shall go into operation; but if re-
jected, it shall be null and void, and the old charter
shall be in full force.
This amendment was agreed to without a di-
vision.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House.
THE BANK CHARTERS.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL- moved to take up Senate
bill No. 86, being a bill to recharter the banks of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. WELLER asked for tellers, and Messrs.
Weller and Chilton were appointed—and they
reported 59 in the affirmative, and 49 in the negative;
being less than a quorum.
Another count took place; the vote stood 62 in the
affirmative, and 66 in the negative. So the com-
mittee refused to take up that bill.
REPAIRING PENNSYLVANIA AVENCE.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL moved to take up bill No.
345, being a bill providing for the repairing of Penn-
sylvania avenue. The motion was agreed to, tin;
vote being 65 in the affirmative, and 48 in the neg-
ative.
The bill was taken up accordingly and read through
by the clerk.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON desired the gentleman who
reported this bill to give some satisfactory reason
why $28,000 was required to repave a road but about
one mile long. It was now one of the best paved
roads in the country; and he was at a loss to con-
ceive how $28,000 should be required. He would
move to strike out §28,000 and insert $5,000.
Mr. DUNCAN also desired to asic aquestion,and
the gentleman could then answer both together.
This question was, if $185,000 had not been already
spent on this avenue—a single street.
Mr. KIRKPATRICK replied that the bill re-
quired that the work should be done by contract;
and hence the amount here named might not be re-
quired. In relation to the amount already expended
he said he had no knowledge; but if the amount
mentioned by the gentleman from Ohio had been
expended, he could only say that it had been worn
out.
Mr. G. W. JONES said, in the early part of the,
session, a bill similar in its general features to this
under consideration was passed by the Senate.
That bill came to the House, and was referred in
the Committee for the District of Columbia, pro-
posing §10,000 for this Pennsylvania avenue, and
§10,000" for other avenues. The bill now under
consideration proposed to appropriate S'28,000 for
Pennsylvania avenue, and #10,000 for other streets,
being a difference of §12,000. By the instruction
of the Committee for the District of Columbia, hti
