614
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Daniel.
H. of Reps.
qualities of its operation; and most of the dis-
tinguished statesmen of that day, affected by the
prevailing mania, departed from the old landmarks
of the republican party, and seemed to vie with
each other in their advocacy of the system. Al-
though that branch of the system which looked to
the internal improvement of the country by roads
and canals, and the improvement of our rivers, may
have received some check by the veto of the bonus
bill by Mr. Madison; yet it continued to be pressed
upon the attention of Congress, and, until its adop-
tion by the act of the 30th of April, 1824, the
country.
Mr. Monroe, in his first annual message, follow-
ing in the footsteps of Jefferson and Madison, took
decided ground against the right of Congress to
carry on works of internal improvement. So much
of his message as related to internal improvements
was referred to a select committee, who made a re-
port, accompanied by the following resolution, viz:
"Resolved, That in order to promote and give security to
the internal commeice among the several States; to facili-
tate the safe and expeditious transportation of the mails, by
the improvement of post roads, with the assent of the re-
spective States, to render more easy and less, expensive th«
means and provisions necessaiy for the common defence, by
the construction of military roads, with the like assent of
the respective States, and for such other internal improve-
ments as may be within the constitutional powers of the
general government, it is expedient that the sum to be paid
to the United States by the 20th section of the act to' incor-
porate the uubsciibers to the Bank of the United States, and
the dividends which shall arise from their shares m its capi-
tal itock, be constituted a fund for internal improvement."
This report, with the resolution, was commit-
ted to the Whole House on the state of the Union;
and, after debate, the following resolutions were
reported to the House, by way of amendment: in-
sert, in lieu thereof, after the word resolved, the fol-
lowing,' to wit:
"1. That Congress lias power, under the constitu-
tion, to appropriate money for the construction of post
roads, military and other roads, and of canals, and lor the
improvement of water couis>es.
'"I. Resolved, That Congress has power, under the consti-
tution, to construct post roads and military roads: Piovidtd,
That private property be not taken for the public use, w ith-
out just compensation.
"3 Resolved* That Congress has power, under the consti-
tution, to construct roads and canals, necessary for commerce
{•etween the States: Provided, That private piopeitj be not
taken for public purposes, without just compensation.
"4. Resolved, That Congress has power, under the constitu-
tion, to constiuct canals for military purposes: Ptovided,
That no private property be taken for any such purpose,
Without just compensation being made therefoi."
The first resolution passed in the affirmative—
yeas 90, nays 75. The second was lost—yeas 82,
nays 84. The third resolution was also lost by a
vote of 71 yeas to 95 nays; and the fourth was lost
by 83 nays to 81 yeas. (See House Journal, 1st
sess., I5t(i Con. 330, and onward.)
So that, although the House sustained, by their
•vote, the ground taken by the President, so far as
the direct authority of Congress to carry on works
of internal improvements is concerned, yet it assert-
ed the right of Congress to appropriate money for
such works. This vote may be regarded as an in-
direct censure upon the President. What influence
it had upon his future meditations I cannot say; but
certain it is, that, in a lengthy and elaborate—and
1 will add able—paper, which he drew up, and took
occasion to transmit to Congress in May, 1822, with
his message vetoing the bill for the preservation and
repair of the Cumberland road, and in which all the
clauses of the constitution which had been relied
upon as conferring the power in question were ex-
amined, and conclusively shown to contain no such
grant, he admitted, and indeed insisted, that the
clause "to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises, to pay the public debts, and provide for
the common defence and general welfare," not only
conferred an unlimited power of taxation, but also,
by implication, a powei of appropriation at the dis-
cretion of Congress, restricted only to purposes of
common defence and general welfare. His words
in reference to this point, are: "The substance of
what has been urged on this- subject may be ex-
pressed m a few words. My idea is, that Congress
have an unlimited power to raise money; and that,
its appropriation, <hey have a discretionary pow-
er restnrLcu only uy the dutv to appropriate U to
purposes of common defence, and general not local,
l-ational not State, benefit."
Ai the aessiojj of Congress of 1823-'24, the bill
oittiu.: 'zing the Piesident to cause to be prepared
a<id submitted to Congress surveys for canale,
roads, and other improvements, was passed through
tcth branches, and received the sanction of
Monroe, and may be regarded as the consummation
of the miscalled American system, and the founda-
tion of the profligate and useless expenditure of the
public money, which has since taken place, in spite
of the efforts of those who have labored to maintain
the old landmarks of the republican party, and to
restrict the action of the government within "their
limits; for, until about this time, I believe, no appro-
priations for clearing out harbors even are to be
found in the statute book. Leet an over-estimate be
placed upon this .concurrent act of all the branches^
of the federal government, as an exposition of. the
constitution, in opposition to the practice of the gov-
ernment under Washington, the elder Adams, Jef-
ferson, and Madison, and the weighty authority of
the two latter, and even of that able man, but loose
constructionist, Alexander Hamilton, I must re-
mark that, perhaps, no one branch of the American
system, appealing, as it does, to the interest of the
few who are benefited by it, could have received a
majority of Congress from its own intrinsic merits;
but, upon the log-rolling principle, not only those
who were interested in works of improvements in
the various sections of the Union were probably in-
duced to concur in a bill which, but for such con-
siderations, would have been opposed; but those
who were interested in that branch of the system
which looked to the protection of domestic manu-
factures gave it their support, as well to create a ne-
cessity for high duties as to obtain aid from the
friends of internal improvement, in the support of
their favorite measure.
The right of the federal government to make ap-
propriations for works of internal improvement hav-
ing been thus sanctioned, and the American system
consummated, the policy continued to acquire
strength throughout the greater part, if not the
whole, of the administration of the younger Adams.
The immense cost (probably not far short of
$200,000,000) necessary to complete the various
works for which surveys and partial estimates had
been made, under the act of the 30th of April, 1824,
and reported to Congress in December, 1827, alarm-
ed the steadfast opponents, and relaxed the exertions
of some oT the advocates, of the policy. But the
first sensible and important check given to the sys-
tem, was by that great man and distinguished
patriot Andrew Jackson, the benefits of w'hose ad-
ministration, in rescuing the American people from
the effects of a policy which, unchecked, must have
created a public debt of hundreds of millions of dol-
lars, and have mortgaged, as it were, the bone and
sinew of the people for the payment of it, to the
capitalists of tnis and European countries, and have
made the federal government an engine of intolera-
ble oppression to the great mass of our population,
are incalculable. By his veto of the Maysville road
bill, in 1830, he not only restricted the number of
the works to which the national funds might be ap-
plied, but gave a severe blow to the whole system.
It will be seen by an examination of that message,
that his assent to such works as were con-
ceived to be national was yielded more from
deference to the practice of the government,
during the two preceding administrations, than
from a full and settled conviction of the correctness
of that construction of the constitution upon which
the practice was founded. A few extracts from the
message will sustain the view lhavc here presented.
In speaking of Mr. Monroe's message, vetoing the
bill for the preservation and repair of the Cumber-
land road, he says:
"He returned it with objections to its passage, and in as-
signing them, took occasion to pay that, in the early stages
ol the government, he had inclined to the construction that
it had no right to expend money except in the performance
of acts authorized by the specific giants of power, accord-
ing to a strict consti uction oi them. but that, on further re-
flection and observation, his mind had undergone a chonge;
that hib opinion then was 'that Congress have an unlimited
power to raise inonej, and that m its appropriation they
nave a discretionary power, restricted b> a duty to appro-
pii.ite to purposes of common defence, and of general not
local, national not State, benefit,'* a d that was avowed to
be the governing principle throughout the residue of his
administration."
Further on, he says:
'•This butl reference to known fact"? will be sufficient to
di ;\\ (he (.utfi:uin . li'not impiactxubilit} , ol bunging back
r-. > operr>ivons ol'the govern'- -nt to the construction of
tb - con-uKUtion set up m i?:)S, .ummg thrt to be its tn'u
teaming m iclation t« the power under con>!L'erouon, tV s
ghmg an Kunoni. >iy piool of tho fo.ee oi implication, >>)'<!
tiie necessity of guarding the constitution with sleepless
vigilance, against the authority of piecedents, which have
not the sanction of its most plainly denned pow er<> ^
He further says:
'•But although I might net ft el it to be my official dutv to
interpose m-" r'^to to thA oj a Inliap-
propriating money for the construction of such works as
are authorized by- the States, and are national in their
character, I do not wish to "be understood as expressing an
opinion, that it is expedient, at this time, for the general
government to embark in a system of this kind; and anx-
ious that my constituents should be possessed of my views
on this as well as on all other subjects which they have
submitted to my discretion,! shall state them frankly Und
fully. Besides many minor considerations, there are two
prominent views of the, subject, which 1 think are well en-
titled to your serious consideration; and will, I hope, be
maturely weighed by the people.''
In one of these views he presents the effect of
such appropriations, in connection with the repeal
of the duties upon coffee, tea, and cocoa, in postpon-
ing the payment of the national debt, or in creating
the necessity of additional taxation. And in the
other, he says:
"Assuming the right to appropriate money.to aid in the
construction of national works, to be warranted by the
contemporaneous and continued exposition of the constitu-
tion, its insufficiency for the successful prosecution of
them must be admitted by all candid minds. If we look to
usage to define the extent of the right, that will be found so
vauant, and embracing so much that lias been overruled, as
to involve the whole subject in great uncertainty, and to
render the execution of our own respective duties in rela-
tion to it replete with difficulty and embarrassment. It is in
regaid to such works, and the acquisition of additional ter-
ritory, that the practice obtained its first footing. Inmost,
if not all other disputed questions of appiopriation, the con-
struction of the constitution may be regarded as unsettled,
if the right to apply money, in the enumerated cases, is
placed ou the ground of usage:
Again, he says:
"That a constitutional adjustment of this power upon
eqitable principles is in the highest degree desirable, can
scarcely be doubted; nor can it tail to be promoted by every
sincere friend to the success of our political institutions.
In no government are appeals to the source of power in
cases of teal doubt, more suitable than ours. No good mo-
tive can be assigned for the cxercise of power by the con-
stituted authorities, while those for whose benefit it is to be
exercised have not conferred, and may not be willing to
confer it."
These extracts show conclusively that General
Jackson acquiesced in the practice of the govern-
ment under the administration of his two immediate
predecessors, from a spirit of deference, under strong
doubts of its correctness, and leave the inference
that, as an original question, he would not have
ventured to exercise the power in question.
Though he tolerated the practice as to works con-
ceived to be national, yet he cannot be fairly consid-
ered as an authority in favor of the power, since it
is obvious it did not receive the full and deliberate
sanction of his judgment. Mr- Monroe, though an
authority against the direct power of the -general
government to carry on works of internal improve-
ment, as will appear from-the document before re-
ferred to, is, I admit, an authority for the power to
appropriate money from the federal treasury to such
works of a national character when undertaken by
State authority.
So far as mere authority is concerned, therefore,
the weight of it, I insist, is rather against it than for
the power; for, although majorities in Congress have
frequently decided in favor of the power under the
influences generally, brought to near upon such
questions, yet they have, on the other hand, fre-
quently decided against it, notwithstanding such in-
fluences.
Relieving our minds, then, from the trammels of
authority, and looking at the question as an original
one, there is no clause in the constitution, which,
by any fair construction, confers the power. It has
been variously derived, according to Mr. Monroe,
from 1st, The right to establish post offices
and post roads. 2d. To declare war. 3a. To regu-
late commerce among the several States. 4th. From
the power to pay the debts, and provide for the
common defence and general welfare of the United
States. 5th. From the power to make all laws ne-
cessary and proper for carrying into execution all the
powers vested by the constitution in the government
of the United States, or any department or offices
thereof. 6th, and lastly. From the power to dispose
of, and make all needful rules and regulations re-
specting the territory, and the property of the
United States." As none of these several pro-
visions of the constitution have been relied upon
in the discussions, by the advocates of the power in
question, except that "to regulate commerce among
the several States," I will simply refer to the docu-
ments of Mr. Monroe already mentioned, for the
refutation of the anri.mcnts based upon those enu-
merated clauses, exc* the clause uto pay the de'ots
and provide for the common defence and general
welfare," from which he derives the power of ap-
propriating money to works of national importance,
which, together with the clausc "to regulate com-
awns ihf several J ytill
