June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Patterson.
H. of Reps
to examine. And first, the clause "to regulate
commerce among the several States." Here i might
content myself by referring to Mr. Monroe's exami-
nation and refutation of the argument predicated
upon this clause—as I have in regard to the other
clauses the insufficiency of which he undertakes,to
demonstrate—but will not. I will offer some addi-
tional considerations, as well as some of those relied
upon by him, to show how totally at variance the
construction contmded for, is from the import of the
phrase, upon every principle o£sound .construction,
as well as the history o/ the constitution. The
clause, as itstands in the constitution, is, "to regulate .
commerce with foreign nations, among the several
States, and with the Indian tribes." Whatever
power is conferred by this clause upon Congress,
in relation to "commerce among the several States,"
is conferred in relation to commerce with foreign
nations, and with the Indian tribes;" for the
verb "to regulate," the only word in the clause
which confers whatever power has been del-
egated by it, relates alike to all; and whatever Con-
gress can do under its power "to regulate commerce
among the several States," it may also do under its
power to regulate commerce with foreign nations,
and with the Indian tribes; for. it is not denied, I
presume, by any, that beyond, the powers conferred
upon Congress by the constitution, and prohibited
to the States, the States are as foreign and independ-
ent communities, as well in regard to each other as
to the general government. If, therefore, Congress,
under the clause in question, can open a canal, con-
struct a road, or improve a river, or appropriate
money for such purposes, it may, so far as the con-
stitutional power is concerned, do the same thing in
the territory belonging to the Indian tribes, and
within the limits of a foreign country. The word
"to regulate" includes in its import no such idea,
but that only of making rules or regulations where-
by commerce may be carried on between this con-
federacy and foreign powers, among the States
themselves, and with the Indian tribes. The (Ba-
king of a road or canal, or appropriating money for
such purposes, is as distinct, and, indeed, more re-
mote from the. making of rules and regulations, or
prescribing the terms and conditions upon which
commerce may be carried on, than the building of
vessels or wagons for the transportation of mer-
chandise.
That the clause in question means nothing more
than to make the rules or regulations, or prescribe
the terms on which commerce may be carried on
between the > United States and foreign countries,
and between the several States, and with the Indian
tribes, is abundantly proved by the proceedings of
the continental Congress under the articles of con-
federation, recommending to the States to confer the
power delegated by that clause upon Congress, by
the acts of the several State legislatures in relation
to the same, subject, and the address of the conven-
tion which met at Annapolis in 1786. A few ex-
tracts will put the matter beyond controversy.
Among the objections to the articles of confedera-
tion by New Jersey, is one expressed in these
words:
""We are of opinion that the sole and exclusive power of
regulating the trade of the United States with foreign na-
tions ought to he clearly vested in the Congress; and that
the revenue arising from all duties and customs imposed
thereon, ought to be appiopriated to the building, equip-
ping1, and manning a nav\ , for the protection of the trade
and defence of the coasts, and to such other public and gen-
eral purposes as to the Congress shall seem prosper, and for
the common benefit of the States.--'—T'ol. 1 Laics United
States, paqc '23.
On the 3d of February, 1781, Mr. Witherspoon,
of New Jersey, made in Congress the following mo-
tion:
"That it is indispensably neccssary that the United States,
in Congress assembled, should be vested with a right of su-
perintending the commercial regulations of eveiy State,
that none may take place that shall be partial or contrary to
the public interest: and that they should be vested with the
exclusive, right of laying duties upon all impoited articles;
110 restriction to be valid, and no such duty to be laid, but
with the consent of nine States "—Ibid, 28.
Passing over many other passages in the proceed-
ings of Congress, illustrative of the import of the
clause in question, 1 will next refer to the report of
the committee on Mr. Monroe's motion for vesting
Congress with the power of regulating trade. The
committee, consisting of Mr. Monroe, &c., thus
report:
" That the first paragraph of the ninth eiticle of confedera-
tion, be altered so as to read thus, viz: That the United
States, in Congress assembled, shall have the sole and ex-
clusive right and power ot determining on peace- and war,
except m the cases mentioned in the sixth article—of send-
ing and fscsiving am'-tassarter"!—entering into treaties snd
alliances—of regulating the trajle of the States, as well with
foreign nations as with each other, and of laying such im-
post and duties upon imjioits and exports as may be neces-
sary for the pilrpose." (1 Vol. L, U. S., '50)
In the address of the commissioners of New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Virginia,
to the legislatures of their respective States, the fol-
lowing passages occur:
"Having proceeded to a communication of their powers,
they found that the States of New York, Pennsylvania, and
Virginia, had, in substance, and nearly in the same terms,
authorized their lespective commissioners 'to meet such
commissioners as were or might be appointed by the other
States in the Union, at such time and place as should be
agreed upon by the said "commissioners to take, into con-
sideration the trade and commerce of the United States, to
consider how far a uniform system in theircommercial in-"
tercourse and regulations might be necessary to their com-
mon interest and permanent harmony, and to rep'ort to the
several States such an act relative to this great object, as,
when unanimously ratified by them, would enable the
United States in Congress assembled effectually to provide
for the same.'"
The object of the clause in the constitution, as ex-
plained in the report on the motion of Mr. Monroe,
and the address of the delegates to the convention at
Annapolis to their respective Stales, prove conclu-
sively' that all that was intended by the clause was
to confer upon Congress the power to make rules,
or regulations, whereby commerce should be carried
on between the United States and foreign powers,
and with each other, and the Indian tribes. This
view is sustained by the ease of Gibbons vs. Ogdon,
9 Wheat. 1.
Having shown how utterly at variance the con-
struction contended for in relation to this clause is
with the history of its adoption into the constitution,
as well as the natural import of the phraSe, I will, in
the next place, briefly examine the clause relied
upon by Mr. Monroe, to authorize the raising of
money, and the appropriation of it to works under-
taken by State authority, if of a national character.
It is, sir, a matter of some surprise that a mind,
which combated with so much ability the errone-
ous constructions, and illustrated with so much
clearness and force the other clauses of the consti-
tution relied upon by the advocates of the power,
should himself have fallen into such a delusion as
Mr. Monroe did, in regard to the power of the gov-
ernment to raise money and vote it away at its own
discretion, limited only by what might be its views
of the common defence or general welfare. One
cannot fail to perceive that it is, in substance, the
old exploded heresy of federalism. It is true, Mr.
Monroe admits that the general government has no
power to carry on such works directly by its own
authority, whethey they be of a national character
or not; but who can fail to perceive that, if the tax-
ing and appropriating power of the government,
the most dangerous and the most likely to be used
oppressively of any of them, be merely discretion-
ary, that it was idle to have restrained its direct
action within narrower limits; and that the power of
this House is in effect as unlimited as that of the
British House of Commons, and the power of Con-
gress as absolute as that of the British Parliament.
Such a construction is directly at variance with
every idea of a limited government, and totally sub-
versive of that principle of supremacy which at-
taches itself to every act of the government within
the scope of its constitutional authority, and pre-
vails to the farthest verge to which that authority
can be rightfully extended. For, according to the
construction contended for, the authority of the gen-
eral government may mingle with the State author-
ities in works where it has no power to direct and
control, but must act in subordination to the State
authorities. The money power was given to Con-
gress, not to extend the action of the government
beyond the limits set to it by the other delegated
powers, (except so far as the mere act of raising the
money in the prescribed modes is concerned,) but
simply to give effect to such acts as the other dele-
gated power might warrant. Nothing more.
But, sir, a new source from whence this power
may be derived has recently been discovered. It is
warranted, it is said, by the ordinance of 1787, •
passed under the articles of confederation. I'l is
not so. I undertake to assert, sir, that no clause in
the articles of confederation gives the least color to
such power on the part of Congress. The only
provisions of the ordinance which have the re-
motest bearing upon the subject, are those which
provide for the free navigation of the rivers of the
northwestern territory. There is a provision of the
act of Congress for the admission of Ohio into the
Union, whereby one-twentieth of the net proceeds
of certain lands i° V-.f sw *oi pvt;
which, or a portion of it, is authorized to beapplied
to the" construction of a road of a designated route,
since called the Cumberland road. As little warrant
does this act afford for the power question. .It
does not, in my judgment, infuse any pew power
into the, constitution, or warrant Congress to go
any farther than-the delegated powers will justify,
even in reference to that particular work. None 6f
the clauses of the "constitution, Mr. Speaker, war-
rant the power, nor does it-exist.
But it is asked, if Congress cannot appropriate
money for the improvement of rivers, how can they -
be improved? The States, it is said, cannot improve '
them! This, "sir, is a mistake. The States are
competent to the improvement ot their own rivers,
to whose exclusive jurisdiction and control, in this
respect, it was the intention of the frsmers of the
constitution to leave them.
Mr. Holmes, of South Carolina, here interposed,
and asked: Will the gentleman from Noith Carolina
say whether any State has the power to improve
the Mississippi river?
Mr. Daniel. If the States interested in the Mis-
sissippi ever possessed the right, they have it yet.
They have never parted with it to the general gov-
ernment. I have shown that none of the clauses in
the constitution, usually relied upon, confers the
power; and the tenth amendment of the constitu-
tion, provides that "the powers not delegated to the-
United States by the constitution, nor prohibited by,
it to the States, are reserved to the States respec-
tively^ or to the people." I deny the doctrine that
the States on the Mississippi have no authority to im-
prove that river. Suppose for instance,the constitution
had never been iormed, and the States on that noble
river to exist as sovereign States, within their pres-
ent limits; could they not, by agreement among
themselves, appropriating each .a sum of money as
a common fund, to be applied under the direction of
a common set of commissioners, improve that grand
and majestic river, throughout its whole extent?
Surely they could. The same power which they
would surely possess in such case, and might ex-
ercise, they now possess, and may exercise it.
Mr. Holmes. I would ask the gentleman if the
States have the right to improve the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers, without the consent of Congress.
Mr. Daniel. They can do it with'the consent pf
Congress, which will never be withheld.' And it
would be infinitely better for the States to make
their own improvements, than for them to be made
by Congress. Not only are they done at a greater
expense than they would be, m all probability,
if done by State authority; but the greatest in-
justice and inequality attend the distribution
of the funds drawn from the federal treasury
for work of this description, owing to the diversity
among the States, in objects to which they would be
held to be applicable. This injustice would exist if
the people of all the States paid into the treasury a
like proportion of the money expended. But, ow-
ing to the unequal operation of the protective policy,
and the difference m the pursuits of different sec-
tions of the Union, much the greater proportion ol*
the taxes which replenish the federal treasury are
paid by the people south of Mason and Dixon's
line; while (I think I am within bounds) from three-
fourths to four-fifths of all the money expended up-
on works of internal improvements have been dis-
bursed north of that line. It would be well for eve-
ry State which is not bountifully supplied with na-
tional rivers, or whose internal condition is already
well improved, (to say nothing of the constitutional
question,) to consider the extent to which she is .
affected by this continual drain upon the common
treasury. It will be to the interest of many, I have
no doubt, that now sanction the doctrine, if not all,
to put a stop to it. It will be an all-important step
towards that retrenchment and reduction of the
public expenses which the people have been led to
expect, and are so anxious to see.
SPEECH OF MR.. PATTERSON,
OF NEW YORK,
Tn the'Honse of Repie$fjUative:>, June 14, 1344—On the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, in reply to the southern
doctrine of the unconstitutionality of a protective tarifi.
and to Mr. Johnson, oi Tennessee, and others, that rt^ enue
ought not to be raised by a tariff discriminating for pro-
tection, and that a manufacturing population ^ ould en
danger our free' institutions.
Mr. PATTERSON rose and said that it wac known to the
House that he had tried several times to obtain the floor
when this bill was before under consideration, as wel-
when the tariff bill was being debated; but ss' 1)2 di'1 ..
possess the ability to jump the Mississippi of which •> „
often luit never be-fore appreciate advyrrav- :
