CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
the petitions of Edward C. Cooper, and L. J. Scott; and that
tlicy lie upon the table.
On motion of Mr. OWEN,
Ordered, That the Committee on Koads and Canals be
discharged from the consideration of the memorial of John
W. Hocket, and from the report of the Secretary of War, in
relation to making the sixth mile of the Cumberland road;
and that they be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. FICKLIN, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled "An act for the construction of the
Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois," reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. YANMETER, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate for the relief of Wm. Henson, reported
the same without amendment: committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. CHILTON, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported bills of the following ti-
tles, viz:
A bill for the relief of Georgetown College, in the
District of Columbia;
A bill to incorporate the Washington Mutual In-
surance Company;
Which were severally read a first and second
time, and committed to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. HARPER, from the Committee on Patents,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Wm.
Beach; which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. HARPER,
Oriei ul, That the Committee on Patents be discharged
from the consideration of the case of Henry M. Shrove; and
that it be referred to a select committee.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on the Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the transfer of certain clerks m the
Treasury Department; which was read a first and
second time.
On motion of Mr. VANMETER,
Oriilei, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of \v lnte-
man, Parris, and "ihomas, citizens of Indiana, m lelatiun to
Indian depredations, and that it do lie upon the t.ible
Mr. D. P. KING, from the Committee on the
expenditures on the Public Buildings and Grounds,
made a report of the various expenditures by the
Commissioner of the Public Buildings and Grounds
during the past year; which was laid upon the ta-
ble
Mr. ROGERS, from the Committee on Expendi-
tures in the gtate Department, made a report upon
the expenditure of the contingent appropriations
for the Department of State from the 4th of March,
1841, to the 1st of December, 1843; which was
laid upon the table.
The bill from the Senate, entitled "An act for the
relief of the citizens of towns upon the lands of the
United States, under certain circumstances," was
read a first and second time, when it was ordered
that the said bill be read a third time to-day.
The said bill was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of going into Committee of the
Whole,
Mr. WELLER asked leave to offered a resolu-
tion by general consent; and it was read for infor-
mation, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pny to John L.
Wirt $lo0, for expenses incused by him in consequence of
his receiving a wound whi'c- attending to his duties in the
Capitol.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he would withdraw his
motion with pleasure to let in that resolution, and
honed it would be passed instanter.
The resolution was unanimously agreed to.
The question recurring on Mr. Campbell's mo-
tion to suspend the rules, the question was taken, and
decided in the negative—yeas 69, nays 112.
Mr. HOLMES offered a resolution, that for the
purpose of ventilating and puiifying the House of
Representatives, and laying down summer matting,
when this House adjourn on Thursday, it adjourn
to meet again on Monday nex ; and, on that resolu-
tion, he moved the previous question.
The previous question was sustained, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HENLEY moved to lay the resolution on
the table, which was negatived, the rote—taken by
Messrs. Elmer and J. P. Kennedy, tellers—being
68 in the affirmative, and 73 in the negative.
The yeas aijd nays were then called for, and or-
dered, on the adoption of the resolution, and result-
ed thus: yeas 56, nays 122.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
The following executive -communications were
read and referred:
A report from the Secretary of Vv"ar, in answer to the re-
solution of the House of the l<Jth instant, as to whether the
combustible agent used by Mr. Co't in his submarine ex
plosions was a secret before he made the same known at the
seat of government, &c : which letter was referred to the
Gommittee'on Naval Affairs.
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmitting, in
obedience to the act of the 2d J uly, 18C6, a report of all in-
cidental expenses of the Post Office Department for the
year ending 30th June, 1843; which letter and report were
referred to the Committee on Expenditures of the Post Office
Department. .
Several bills from the Senate were read twice and
appropriately referred.
ELECTION BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration of
Mr. Duncan's bill to amend an act entitled an
"Act relative to the election of President and Vice
President of the United States, and to provide that
the election of electors shall be held on the same day
throughout the United States.
The pending question being upon an amendment
offered by Mr. Elmer to cxclude the operation of
this act from the coming election.
Mr. HAMLIN wa3 entitled to the floor.
Mr. DUNCAN requested the gentleman from
Meine to allow him three minutes of his time, in
order that he might refer to some tables which he
had exhibited when he addressed the House on this
subject; which tables had been controverted by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] The
tables related to the expenditures of Mr. Van Bu-
ren's administration.
Mr. HAMLIN acceded to the request, and
Mr. DUNCAN produced the tables referred to,
showing the aggregate expenditure of Mr. Van
Buren's administration for four years to be about
one hundred and ten millions of dollars, rejecting
fractions; and not, as stated by the gentleman from
Georgia, one hundred and forty millions.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] from what authority he
was reading.
Mr. DUNCAN replied that the authority for this
statement was derived from Ewing's report—an
authority which he believed would be goou against
whigery.
Mr. STEPHENS having obtained permission
from the gentleman from Maine to occupy three
minutes of his time, produced and read other tables,
showing a larger expenditure. The correctness of
these tables was disputed by Mr. Duncan, and a
conversation being continued between these two
gentlemen on the subject,
Mr. HAMLIN interposed, and claimed the floor
for the purpose of proceeding with his speech. It
would be recollected by the House, that the debate
which had occurred upon tins question had par-
taken very much of a political character; and, in-
deed, at the time when he was so fortunate as to se-
cure the floor for himself, it was his intention to
mingle in the debate, in the character which it had
taken. It was his design to have answered the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, and to have given such
views of the political condition of this country, as
suggested themselves to his mind. And, inasmuch
as the gentleman had sought to give them an ac-
count of the elevated character of his constituents,
he (Mr. H.) had had the curiosity to examine into
statistics relating to the gentleman's constituency.
The gentleman declared that he was speaking for
Buncombe; and well he might speak to a constit-
uency, many of whom could neither read nor
write.
But, to return. He had changed his views with
regard to the remarks he should make on this occa-
sion. He now proposed to confine those few re-
marks exclusively to the question before the House
—to the biii and its merits. The hill was designed
to prevent—and, he believed, if it received the
favorable action of the legislature, it would
prevent—frauds which had heretofore been per-
petrated upon the elections. He had no ac-
cusations to bring against any political parties. He
had no criminations or recriminations to make. He
had simply to say that he believed this would pre-
vent the frauds which had been perpetrated, and
would preserve, as far as was possible, the great and
fundamental principles of the elective franchise in
their purity. If there was a principle which ad-
dressed itself with greater force than another to
American statesmen,,it was the principle involved
'in this question. If they could, by any legislative
action, preserve rnd protect the rights of electors, it
was their duty to take such action. The question
then arose, could they adopt a measure regulating
the time for holding elections? Had they the con-
stitutional right? By reference to the fourth clause
of the first section of the second article of the consti-
tution, it would be found that the States had given
to Congress the clear and undoubted right to deter-
mine the time when the elections shall be held.
Mr. H. read the clause as follows:
The Congress ma)* determine the time of choosing the
electors and the day on which they shall give their votes;
■which day shall be the same throughout the United States.
Mr. H. said there were a variety of causes and
circumstances that might induce a State to be in
favor of holding the presidential election at the same
time as her State elections, and other periods might
be selected by other States for good and sufficient
reasons; but by the law now in existence, all the
States were compelled to hold their elections for elec-
tors of President and Vice President within a period
of thirty days from the first Monday of December. j
Now, by changing the period of the elections for /
President, it would not affect the State elections.
"VVe do not (said he) ask them to alter the manner
and place of holding their elections, but only to fix
on a particular day. Another objection had been
offered—that it would compel, in certain cases, two
elections, inasmuch as some of the States elected
their presidential electors and State officers on the
same day. Having taken some pains to inform him-
self on this matter, he ascertained that there were
only two States in which two elections were m one
day. He was opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Elmer,] because
it was unnecessary, the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections being sufficient without the aid
of any additional regulation. The constitutiou gave
Congress the power to prescribe the day of holding
the presidential election, and gave no other power on
that subject. Congress could fix on the time, but
could not fix on the place and manner. It had been
objected that the passage of this act would require a
convention of the legislatures of several of the States
to carry it into cffect. This he did not believe would
be the case; but even if it were so, he would vote as
readily for the bill as now.
Mr. CULLOM moved the previous question; but
withdrew it at the request of
Mr. ELMER, who offered the following amend-
ment:
That the time of choosing the electors of President and
Vice President of the United States, in each State in any
year m which such election shall "be held pursuant to the act
to which this is an amendment, after the \ear 18-14, shall he
the Tuesday next after the first Monday ol November in the
said year
Mr. WELLER called for tellers on seconding the
demand for the previous question; and Messrs.
Houston and Elmer were appointed, and they re-
ported 62 in the affirmative, and 47 in the negative.
No quorum voting.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said he perceived that
every day, at 2 o'clock, the House was without a
quorum. He therefore moved that the House do
now adjourn. (It was now 2 o'clock.)
The motion was negatived.
The tellers again took the vote on seconding the
demand for the previous question, and they reported
68 in the affirmative, and 31 in the negative. Still
no quorum.
Mr. WELLER moved a call of the House; which
was agreed to.
The Clerk called the roll, and 150 gentlemen an-
swered to their names. The absentees were then
called, and 166 were found to be present.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR moved that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was rejected, and the doors were
closed,
The names of the gentlemen still absent were
called, and for some, excuses were received, on the
ground of sickness, <fec.; others were not excused,
the explanations given not being deemed satisfac-
tory. Some gentlemen's absence was unaccounted
for.
The absentees were again called, and 169 were re-
ported to be present.
Mr. E. D. POTTER moved that the sergeant-at-
arms be despatched to bring m the absent members;
which motion was agreed to
Mr. VINTON remarking, that this process would
necessarily occupy two or three hours, moved that
the House adjourn.
