616.
'APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr.. Patterson.
H.ofKeps.
being able to stride the mountains, speaking with a trum-
pet's tongue, in order to obtain the eye and ear of the
Speaker in this great national arena—"which, with the fact
that he had not detained the House but a few moments at any
one time.dnrmg the session, was the o£ly apology he should
offer for obtruding himself upon its notice at this late hour of
the night and of the session-, and knowing the great anxiety
of thu -committee to get on with the business of the House,
hb would endeaver not to weary their patience.
Mr. Speaker, J am in favor of the Senate's amendment to
the bill now under consideration, and all other necessary
appropriations for an economical administration of the gov-
ernment, but upon very different grounds iroin those as-
sumed by the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [ \h\
Johnson,] who opposes all appropriations in consequence of
the revenue being raised through the medium of a tariff
discriminating for protection, which he regards as unconsti-
tutional and inequitable in its operation^ upon different por-
tions of the Union, entering upon the same ground that has
bee^n so long occupied by South Carolina. Waiving for
the present the inequality of a tariff for protection, 1 will
go so far as to say, that, rather than expose the laboring
classes of this country to foreign competition, I would pro-
tect the industry of the country if government could make
no othar use of the revenue arising from such protection
thap to throw it into the sea. And here I shall leave for the
present this branch of the subject, with the view of exam-
ining the inconsistency of some of the arguments put toiih
by the South, more particularly by the representatives of
South Carolina, against the constitutionality of any tariff
discriminating for protection, accompanied, as these argu-
ments always are, with denunciations which portend 9. dis-
solution of the Union. And in doing this, without attempt-
ing anything like a constitutional argument, 1 shall give
oiuy a sample history of the origin of the protective policy.
It is claimed that our fathers were contending in the rev-
olution against an oppressive system of taxation; and this is
used as an argument against the probability of the fremers
of the constitution intending-to grant to the general govern-
ment the right to tax the people, when the circumstances
out of which the revolution grew shows the reverse, and
that they did intend to place in .the hands of the general
government all the power necessary to enable it to protect
the industry ofthe country against foreign competition and
foreign oppression. As early as 1695,'—manufacturing had
made some advance in Epw England, at which time it v ts
encouraged by the colonial government, particularly of
Massachusetts It soon, however, aroused the jealousy of
the mother country, whose ruling politicians regarded the
New England colonies a? the most "prejudicial" of all her
possessions, from the ingenuity, intelligence, and enterprise
ol the people leading them to rise above the dependent and
humble condition ofmcre colonists, to which position Great
Britain intended to confine them. Many and fruitless were
the attempts of the mother country to keep down enterprise
in every other branch of industry than that of aguculture.
The Board of Trade and Plantations made a report in com-
pliance with instructions of the House of Commons, as early
as the year 1731, after the executive authority of Great
Britain had failed to suppress the manufacturing enterprise
of the country, the result of which was, that, among other
branches of industry, it was found hats were manufactured
and exported to a considerable extent; "which alarming
discovery resulted m the passage of an act of Parliament foi-
bidding their exportation from the colonies, and from being
transported from one colony to another." Nor did the mat-
ter end here. In 17^0 a law was passed by #ie Parliament
of Great Britain, "which was a disgrace to a civilized na-
tion " It prohibited "the erection or continuance ol any
mill or engine for slitting or rolling iron, or any plating
foege to work with a tilt-hammer, or an\ furnace for ma-
king steel, in the colonies, under a penalty of two hundied
pounds" "Every such establishment was declared a nia-
.sancc, which the go\ ernors of the colonies were require!
to abate under a penalty of £r>00." Mr. Huskrsson stated,
ckmng the latter portion of his life, "that the real causes of
the revolution are to be found, not in the irritating measures
that followed Mr. Grenville's plan of taxation, but in the
long-cherished discontents ol the colonies at this system of
legish)tJT« oppression.-"
Among the first movement.? of the colonists was one of
partial lesi^tance, intended as a protection to the mdushy
of the country. "The non-importation act was passed by
the first Congress that met at Philadelphia in 1774, and v ts
signed by every member of that body " In the 7th article
of that net, it is provided that "we will use our utmost ■ >n-
deavors to improve the breed of sheep, and increase their
numbers to the greatest extent, in the 8th, we will, m our
several stations, encourage frugality, economy, and indus-
try, and promote agriculture, the arts, and the maHuljc-
tures of the country, especially those of wool."' The colo-
nists, few in number, scattered over a vast wilderness, thei '
localities widely apart, and forming mere pin dots on the
map of the globe, m arraying themselves, as it were, against
the world m aims, in the adoption of measures like tins,
present a scene of moral grandeur never surpassed, foi if
was evident to our fathers, at that time, that, feeble as the>
were, they pni>t soon be found in hostile array against thV
most powerful nation upon earth. It was only the alterna-
tive left them for tlje mother country seemed dejf to uli
their complaints. It was then that
•'freedom, fiom her mountain height,
Unfurled her standard to the air;
She tore the azure robes of night,
And placed the star of glory there."
Duurig tho re\ olution. commercial intercom ko v. at cut off
with Great Britain, giving fresh impulse to the iiaisufuoto-
ries which existed previous to its commencement, one of
which, that of nails, was one of the flr^t upon which Loid
Chatham had placed his memorable prolubit'on
new establishments to spring into existence On the i.e'urn
oipeaee, the great influx of loreign goods proved disastrous
to tue me^K^nical and manufacturing interests of the conn-
try Jt w.is found impossible for the States, divided as the)
w ;re iii interest^ bj any uniform revenue system, to reme-
<-\ the evil "II one State, by separate navigation laws, at-
t.'ii.p.eJ to secure the trade to their own vessels, the rival-
ry and selfish policy of others counteracted their efforts,
w uich resulted in throwing almost the entire navigation in-
terest of the country into foreign hands. That interest had
fallen so low that it was found impossible, in 1778, to con-
struct a ship m Boston but by subscription, which was in-
duced bj patiiotic motives. The shipping interest, and
manufactures in general, petitioned the government of
Massachusetts to protect their industry." in compliance
with their prayer, a tariff of duties was laid. In the lan-
guage of a gifted countryman, to whom X am indebted for
many facts, (to most of which 1 have since refcired,) "the
state of the country rendered these laws of little avail.
Binding in Boston, they were of no validity in Rhode Is-
land; and what was subject to duty in New York might be
imported free in Connecticut and "New Jersey. The state
of the industry of the country was depressed to a point of
distress unknown in the midnight of the revolution. The
shipping was" dwindled to nothing—the manufacturing
establishments were kept up by bounties, and by patriotic
associations and subscriptions, and even the common trades
were'threatened with ruin It was plaiu that not a hatter, a
boot or shoemaker, a saddler, or a brass-founder could carry
on his business, except in the commonest and most ordinary
pioductious of their various trades, under the piessuie of foi-
eign competition. Thus was presented the extraordinary and
calamitous spectacle of a successful revolution wholly fail-
ing ol its ultimate object. The people of America had gone
to war, not for names, but for things. It was not merclj to
change a government administered by kings, princes, and
ministers, for a government administered by presidents, and
secretaries, and members of Congress. It was to iediess
theix own grievances—to improve their own condition—to
throw off the burden which the colonial system laid on their
•industry. To attain these objects, they endured incredible
hardships, and bore and' suffered almost beyond the measure
of humanity; and when their independence was attained,
they found it was a piece of parchment. The arm which
had struck for it in the field, was palsied in the workshops—
the industry which had been burdened in the Colonies, was
crushed in the free States—and at the close of the revolution,
the mechanics and manufacturers ol the country found
themselves, in the bitterness of their hearts, independent—
and ruined. They looked around them in despair—they
cast about for means of relief, and found none, but the plan
of voluntary associations throughout the continent, and an
appeal to the patriotism of their fellow-citizens. Associa-
tions were formed in 1777 and 1778, and circular letters were
addressed to their biethrcn throughout the Union. Combi-
nations ofthe kind, unsupported by general laws, must have
proved ineffectual, but before this w as discovered, the day-
star of the constitution arose, and of all the classes of the
people of America to whose hearts it came as the harbinger
of blessings long hoped for and long despaired of, most un
questionably the tradesmen, mechanics, and manufacturers
hailed it with the warmest welcome. It had, in fact, grown
out of the all-pcrvadmg inefficiency and wretchedness ofthe
levenue system, which had been felt in rum by them more
than by any other class. The feelings with which its adop-
tion was legarded by the traders and manufacturers of the
country is manifested in the congratulatory letters passing
from one association to another, followed up bv petitions to
Congress, praying for protection." This shows in what
light they regarded it, and furnishes an instructive lesson,
but as my remarks would be extended to an unreasonable
length, I must omit them an detail.
Such were the feelings and hopes with which tiie labor-
ing classes ofthe country, particulaily the manufacturers
and mechanics, looked forward to the adoption of the con-
stitution. In the State of Massachusetts, it is admitted that
the question of adoption was decided under the influence of
the tradesmen and manufacturers, already mentioned. "It
was declared in debate, in the convention ofthe State of
Massachusetts, that the encouragement of manufacturers
was declared to be the eail} and avowed object ofthe con-
stitution" As it was successively adopted in each State,
triumphal procession, ofthe tradesmen,mechanics, and man-
ufacturers, w ith their banners and mottoes expressive of
their reliance upon the new constitution for protection,
evinced, in the most imposing form, in the presence of un-
counted multitudes, the principles, the expectations, and
the hopes of the industrial classes ofthe country. "Pro-
cessions of the kind were organi7cd m Portsmouth, in Bos-
ton, in New York, in Philadelphia, in Baltimore, and in
Charleston, and the sentiment w Inch animated and inspired
them all, was the same as that expressed in the motto in-
scribed upon the banner of the manufacturers of Philadel-
phia: 'May the Union government protect the manufactu-
rers of .^menca."**
Such was the avowed sentiments ofthe mechanics and
manufacturers of the country, and such their influence over
public sentiment, that it is evident, from the vote upon the
adoption of the constitution in several of the States, that it
would not have been adopted if it had not been generally
understood that it imparted to the general government ail
the power necessaiy to protect the industry ofthecoun-
tiy.*
Mr Madison brought forward the revenue system early in
the session ofthe first Congress, which convened under the
constitution m 17bP, and w Kile this measure was being dis-
cussed, numerous memo rials were presented from different
sections of the I nion, piaj ing Congress to adopt suitable
measures to protect the industry of the country from foreign
competition The first one presented came from the trades-
men, manufacturers, and oth< rs, of the town of Baltimore,
m the State of Maryland, "praj mg an imposition of such
duties on all foreign articles w Inch can be made in Ameiiea
^ will give a just and decided pieleience to the labor of the
jc'.tioners, and that thoi- nia} be granted to them in common
with the other manufacturers and mechanics of the Uintod
such reLef as to the w lsdom of C ongi ess may think
piopr-i." And where do you think the next petition came
fro.i? From Boston) No Krom New York' No. From
Philadelphia' No, sir, but from the shipwrights of Charles-
ton, South Carolina
[Here Mr. Simpson of South Carolina rose, and called Mr.
Pati lkson" to order forirrelevancy.
v The constitution was ratified by Pennsylvania, on the
13th of December, 1787, by vote of 46 to 23; by Massachu-
setts. on the 6th of February, 177$, by a vote of 187 to 16$;
by New Hampshire, 21st June, 17S8, by a vote of 57 to 46,
, by New York, 26th July, 1788, by a vote of 34 to 26.
The Speaker decided that he was in order; and he pro-
ceeded, amidst cries of "Go on!" "You are in order!"']
"Stating the distress they were in from the decline of that
branch of their business, and the present situation of the
trade of the United States, and praying that the wis-
dom and policy of the ^ national legislature may be direct-
ed to such measures, in the general regulation of trade and
the establishment of a proper navigation act, as will relieve
the particular distress of the petitioners, in common with
their fellow shipwrights throughout the Union."
[Here Mr Simpson rose again to a point of order. His
point was "irrelevancy." . ■
The Si'1-.akfr decided that he was in order.] t .
1 conceive I am in order, Mr. Speaker. J am discussing
the tariff policy as a source of revenue, and intend nothing
uncourteous to South Carolina. New ?ork-and other cities
followed, praying Congrei-s for similar relief. Mr. Madison
said in the debate-upon the act introduced by "himself, that
"The States that are the most advanced in population and
ripe for manufactures ought to have their particular inte-
rests attended to in some degree. "While the States retained
the power of making regulations of trade, they had the pow-
er to protect and cherish such institutions. By adopting
the present constitution, they have thrown the exercise of
this power into other hands. They must have done this
with the expectation that those interests would not be ne-
glected heie.-
"Duties laid on imported articles may have an effect
which comes within the idea of national prudence. It may
happen that materials for manufacture may grow up with-
out anf encouragement for this puipose. It has been the
case in some of the States; but in others regulations have
been provided, and have succeeded in producing some
establishments, which ought not to be allowed to perish
from the alteration which has taken place; it would be cruel
to neglect them and turn their industry into other channels,
for it is not possible for the hand of man to shift from one
employment to another without being injured by the
change. There may be some manufactures which, being
over-forward, can advance towards perfection without any
adventitious aid; while others, tor the want of the fostering
hand of government, will be unable to go on at all. Legis-
lative attention will, therefore, be necessary to collect the
proper objects for this purpose."
[Here Mr. Cullom, of Tennessee, called Mr. P. to ordei.
His point of order was the same as that of Mr. Simpson-.
In.the midst of cries of "Go on!" "You arein order!"tlie
Chair decided that he was m order.]
I conceive, Mr. Speaker, that the tariff, as a source of
reveue, is directly connected with appropriations for the
Belgium mission as well as all others; but, as I am unwil-
ling to intrude upon the courtesy of the House, I will pass
over much of what I intended to occupy its time with-
[•'Print them,was the cry, "if you do not give us the whole
of it."]
This is the argument of the father of the constitution^
"Will any one pretend, after reading it, that Mr. Madison did
not believe that the general government possessed the pow-
er, and was m duty bound to protect the industry of the
country. The preamble indicates that such is the case. It
is m these words: "For the support of government, and the
discharge of the debt of the United States, and the encour-
agement and protection of Manufactures." If it was under-
stood by a!ny one in any other light.it is singular that the
ground was not assumed duiing that lengthy debate. The
benefit ofthe protecting principle was by no means confined
to the northern States, but was extended to the South,
whose aricultural interests were among the first to reap the
benefit of it. A heavy duty was laid on manufactured tobac-
co, which was the only form m which the imported article
could come in competition with the production of the
Seuth. Roger Sherman supported it upon the giound that
the importation of the article ought to be prohibited. A
duty was also laid upon indigo; both of which was a tax
upon the labor of the North lor the benefit of the southern
planter. A high duty was also levied on hemp, in favor of
which southern members allege "that the lands were
adapted to the giowth of it, and that its culture would be
pursued with attention." "But the most prominent case of
protection for the benefit of the fcouth is the duty imposed
on raw cotton for the avowed purpose of inducing its
growth." At that time cotton mills were in operation in
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and some other places, and
duties had been levied by some of the States for the protec-
tion and encouragement of this important branch of indus-
try. All the cotton consumed by them was imported, the
South having,-up to that time, produced no more than was
wanted for domestic use: none was exported. Cotton, as
an American production, was not known in any European
port. In the bill of which 1 have been speaking, introduced
bj Mr. Madison, a duty of three cents a pound w as imposed
on cotton, in the Senate, for the purpose of inducing its cul-
ture in this country. A member fiom South Carolina, in
the House of Representatives, advocated its adoption upon
the ground that "cotton was in contemplation, as an article
of produce, by the planters of South Carolina and Georgia,
and that, if good seed could be obtained, he hoped it might
succeed " it was upou this giound the dut\ was imposed.
On the 5th of December, 1701, incompliance with an order
ofthe House of Representatives, General Hamilton made
his celebrated report on manufactures, in which he says
"that the present duty t,f three cents per pound on the for-
eign iaw material was undoubtedly a very serious impedi-
ment to the manutactuiers of cotton, and that a repeal of it
is indispensable for the piospcrit) of manufacturers."
Such was the influence of southern representatives, (for
South Carolina has always been ably represented lieie,"} that
the dntj was not repealed, notwithstanding Mr Hamilton
exerted himself it its, behalf. ~W hen this branch of manu-
factures was in its infancy m the noithern and middle
States, it was compelled to struggle against foreign compe-
tition, paying this duty for the benefit of southern planters,
1 in order that they might explore the tropics from the Gulf
of Mexico through the wide circle of the earth, "for a
species of cotton seed that would thrive in their climate
hvery ounce of cotton consumed In the humblest cottager
in the land, paid this duty for jears. for the benefit of the
southern planter. As late as 1796, the proprietors of a cot-
ton mill on the Brandvwme, petitioned Congress to repeal
the sjuty on raw cotton, which was rejected by the Com*
