June, 1844,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Patterson.
H-. of Reps,
mittee on Commerce and Manufactures, on the ground
"thatto rcpeUl the duty on raw cotton imported would be
to depress the growth of cotton in our own country." Jt
was then strictly a protective duty to the full extent of the
amount imposed. Up to the present hour, it protects the
cotton planter against foreign competition, otherwise he-
would have to compete m our own markets with foreign
cotton, as he does in the markets of Europe. This duty
has been maintained without change since it was first im-
posed, notwithstanding the; South and the North have rec-
ommended its repeal at different times. .Mr. Forsyth, "of
Georgia, advocated its repeal in 1816, at w hie If time South
Carolina, through her representatives, was instrumental in
fastening upon Massachusetts a protective tariff, to which
she was opposed. South Carolina, it sterns, at that time
understood the true interest of Massachusetts better than
she did herself— she drove her into manufacturing against
lier will. Even as late as 1824-and 1828, her representatives
were found voting for a protective tariff. -She conies then
with bad grace, at this late day, to demand of Massachusetts
that she shall abandon the protective policy, however de*
fctructive it may prove to her vast manufacturing interest,
upon the ground of the exploded abstractionism, that the
constitution has not granted to- the general government the
power to enact laws discriminating for protection. More
than half a century has passed away since the adoption of
the constitution; and. in the face of numerous instances of
South Carolina's sanctioning the constitutionality of pro-
tection, her representatives are found at each return-
ing session of Congress denouncing its uncon-
stitutionality. One of her representatives, [th<? Hon.
Mr. Burt,] said: "Did gentlemen expect that the
people of the- southern States would submit to
discrimination like that—he did not mean to use the
language of menace here—he did not-mean to say what in
his belief the South would do, because it might not become
the propriety of debate in this hall, but he would say, the
"West .had already spoken, and the South would not submit
to this system; that they would not submit to be put in the
relation to the North of dejected and despised colonies, and
if they would submit to it, they were slaves and deserved
their destiny.'' Another iepresentative of South Carolina
is still more denunciatory of the tariff, and speaks m tones
that would seem to indicate that if the system of discrim-
ination lor protection was maintained by the North, the
South ■nould at no distant day break asunder the bonds of
this glorious Union; while the honorable gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Bklser,] says he is beginning to lose the
respect with which he had been taught to regard that sacred
instrument. No true American can look upon forebodings
of this kind without amelaucholy heart.
Jt is to be expected that the ghost of the murdered con-
stitution, which, like the ghost of murdered Banq.uo, is
ever up and never down, will be seen its ghastly cerements
flitting through our representative halls, just so long as
each representative adopts-the latitudinous doctrine of con-
struing the constitution as.Jio understands it, unless parri-
cidal hands, armed with the strength of a Sampson, shall
hurl the ponderous pillars of the constitution itself from
their centre, tumbling them promiscuously to the earth,
burying it beneath its ruins The sooner the doctrine of
unconstitutionality is abandoned, the better it will be for
the country. There is but one opinion upon this subject in
the North. I have no doubt that my political opponents in
my own district, a1? well as throughout the StatP, if they
ave re not to conceal, but express, their true sentiments on
the subject, however much we may difier upon other mat-
ters, would take me by the hand, bidding me God speed in
maintaining the rights of the general government to dis-
criminate for protection
It is to be hoped that 110 paity will ever be found there
(however hear they may approach the dividing line, for
party purposes) reckless enough to prostrate their inde-
pendence and denationalize themselves, by conceding such
an act to be unconstitutional; yet, with the view of party
aggrandizement, we find a portion of our opponents there
joining the South in a crusade against the present tariff and
the protective policy because it is a whig measure, and, as
such, must be sacrificed upon the altar of partisan ambition,
although its influence upon the great and leading interests
of the country be as pure and wholesome as the atmosphere
that encircles the tlnoiip of trod. But the people have taken
the matter into their own l^nds, and spoken in language
not to be misunderstood, compelling a portion of their lead-
ers, however ready and willing they may have been to
abandon that lmpoi'tant measure, to come up touts support
Honored be that intelligence and virtue of the masses, of
whatever party, that rise supenor to paxty despotism, and
aid in roiling back its desolating car before it has performed
its intended work.
It is such conservatism alone that, at some time in the ca-
reer of government, possesses the power of saying to the
mad waves of party, "Thus far shalt thou come, and no
farther."
But I do not stand up here, Mr. Speaker, to advocate any
measure that is grossly unjust and inequitable m its bear-
ing upon different sections of the country, even if coming
w ithm the strict letter of the constitution, nor would the
people of the Noith insist upon the continuance of any law
if they believed it was in leality oppressive to a laige por-
tion of their countrymen, as they aie ready at all times, to
shaie their poition of the burdens of government, and sub-
mit to any laws bearing alike upon every portion ol the
country. 11 the protective policy is so oppicssivc to the
South and West it is singular that the merchants whose
opeiatious are extended over every section of the Union,
and whose interests aie liable to be affected by anything
that depresses any portion of th - country, should be so uni-
versally in favor ol it. I have received letters from a great
many eminent merchants, urging the importance of sustain-
ing oiu piesent taiiff, contrasting the bettered condition of
the whole country, nr der its influence, with the bankruptcy
and rum which prevailed everywhere under the recent
icvenue tariff. No class of community can so well judge
of its effects as the merchants; they feel its influence in the
bettered condition of the smaller merchants scattered
throughout the land, whose increased ability to pay is a
true barometer, indicative of the healthy condition of the
country It has been asked in the other branch of Con-
gress, what we at the North would do if the South, with
the superior advantage of cheap labor, should become man-
ufacturers. Let them embark in it: it is doubtless their true
interest. The North will bid them God speed; and if they
drive us from that field of enterprise, and we cannot make
a living in cultivating mother earth among our rocks and
our mountains,, rather than quarrel with her for-maintain-
ing the only truly independent principle-for the people of
this country, (that of the protection of its industry against
foreign competition,) we will travel still farther North,
mount an iceberg, and fish for seal.- But I must leave this
branch of the subject, and proceed to discuss more practical
matters.
According to the doctiine of the advocates of free trade
and a horizontal tariff, or a tariff discriminating for revenue
only—who contend that the duty imposed on any article en-
hances its value, to the full extent of the duty, to the con-
sumer, and that it does not end with the article imported
upon which duty is collectcd, but it enhances the value of
every article of the jsame kind produced in this country,
to the same extent—no tariff' or system of revenue would
be equitable and just, that was not confined to such articles
as are not produced in the country, and must necessarily
come from abroad; otherwise, the consumer would be sub-
jected to a two-fold tax. Can it be expected that doctrines
so anti-American will ever be tolerated in this country?
Yet, if it be true that the whole product of the country is
enhanced in value to the extent of the duty collected upon
foreign imports, and that it is wrong, inequitable, and un-
constitutional, the argument covers the whole ground, and
duties cannot be justly imposed upon any other articles
than those we cannot produce. The South, jealous as it is
of any infringement of its rights, I trust, will not attempt to
fotce this odious doctrine upon the country.
There is a wide difference of opinion as to the truth of
the argument, that articles imported, which come in compe-
tition with articles produced in this country, are enhanced
in value to the full extent of the duty levied upon them;
and, while the South will argue themselves into the belief
that such is the case, by metaphysical disquisitions, the
Yankee will work out, by calculations predicated upon
facts, quite a different result I had sought, from other'
sources, facts applicable to the case, when the able report
of the Committee on Manufactures made its appearance,
and saved me the trouble of compiling much of what I had
collected. For such facts as I have availed myself of, I
take this opportunity to tender my acknowledgments to the
able chairman of th&t committee. From that report it ap-
pears that there was a falling off in the price of sundry ar-
ticles manufactured in this country, between August, 1842,
the time of the passage of the piesent tariff, and January,
1844, as follows:
On 27 inch brown shirtings - - 8 per cent.
30 do. do. " do. - 3 do.
37 do. do. sheetings - 4 do. -
40 do. do. do. - - 9 do.
36 to 38 do. do. do. 6 do.
30 do.- do. drill - - 13 do.
30 do. do. jeans - - 32 do.
Leather in Baltimore, Philadelphia,
New York, and Boston - - 20 to 26" do.
Molasses - - , - -2 c. per gal.
Hemp, different kinds • - 11 to 10 per cent.
.American cordage - - 15 do.
Pitch • . - - - - 12 do. ,
Kosin - • - - - 35 do.
Anchors - - - - - 18 do.
Copper sheathing - - • 10 do.
Swedes iron - - , - S do.
English, assorted • • 6 do.
Pig copper - - 7J do.
Anvils • • • - - . 10 do.
English bars, refined, rolled - - '2i do.
American refined - - - 28 do.
Swedish hammered - - - 26 do.
Wrought nails - - - - 17 do.
Cut nails - - - - - 19 do.
rigs - - - - - 22 do.
Braziers" iods - - - - 33 do.
Scythes " • - - - - 30 do.
Shovels - • ■ • - 27 do.
Tacks - - • 33 to 41 do.
Brads - * - - -46 do.
Wile - - • 17 to 35 do.
The falling off on glassware, wood screws, and sundry
other articles of hardware, is equally great, not only at
New York, but in. different sections ol the Union. In 1823,
the duty on molasses was incieased from 5 to 10 cents t er
gallon, at which time, undei a duty of 5 cents, it was bring-
ing 30 cents per gallon: irom 1829 to 1332, when paying a
duty of 10 cents per gallon, it sold at from 25 to i7 cents per
gallon. A great manj other articles might be enumerated,
which have aJ so declined in price since 1841, while the ma-
jority of agricultural productions have advanced in price,
as will appear by the following table:
Articles which have advanced in price.
On pork, clean 21 per cent.
Pork, mess 35 do.
Pork, prime - - 65 " do.
Oats - - - 14 do."
"White beans 35 do.
full-blood American wool - S do.
Half do do - 16 do.
Cotton - - - - 25 do.
Average rise, 2o per cent. ^
*Brticla whii-h hate declined in prut.
On mess country beef * - 16 per cent.
Navy do - - 10 do.
Hams .... 15 ^o.
Laid 7 do.
Hour - - • 10 do.
Com .... 7 d0<
- Average fall,£9 7-8 per cent.
By these tables it appears that every article imported into
the country, paying an increased duty under the present tar-
iff, has declined m price, while agricultural product* alone
have increased. What stronger evidence can be required
to show that the condition of the country has vastly im
proved since the tariff of 1842 took effect? The balance of
trade, which was against us, draining the country of specie,
destroying confidence, ruining the currency, blasting hopes,
and bankrupting estates—like the , Destroying Angel, d6al  -
ing death in advance, and leaving desolation in the -rear:
now, that is changed in our favor, by reason of the restrain-
ing influence which the tariff has} h£d upon imports, in sub'
stitutfng the production of our own industry in place of the
foreign article, bringing" back to the country specie Ju-a
golden fiooijl, and restoring the currency once more to a
healthy' condition—much' of which is attributable to 'the
tariff. ' -
it is denied that the tariff has been the cause of the falling
off m the price of manufactured articles, and claimed that
the decline in the price of labor, improvement in machine-
ry, &c., have reduced prices. To some extent, this may be
true; but there has been no such decline inwages, or im-
provement in machinery abroad, as would warrant a reduc-
tion of piices to one-half the extent the price of man-
ufactured articles has declined. Competition has
done it. Manufacturing is beginning to obtain, a firm
footing, by reason of -the confidence which • the
tariff - has imparted to that interest, throwing around
it a healthy, atmosphere, in which it is becoming in-
vigorated and rising into manhood, by the aid of ample cap-
ital to enable those embarked in it to perfect their establish-
ments and to protect themselves against the influence of for-
eign capital in some measure, by which they are already
enabled, to compete in foreign markets successfully with
Great Britain, in the production of some of the coarser kinds
of goods, creating a healthy competition at home, which
will reduce the price of most articles to the lowest point at
which they can be produced, the fruits of which are already
manifested in the decline of very many articles. Suppose
we should adopt the free trade doctrine—destroy our man-
ufactories and depend upon foreign countries for "supplies:
how long would it be before Great Britain, France, and
other European countries, supplying us, as they would, with
different articles not coming m competition with each other,
having the control of the market, before prie'es would ad-
vance beyond any duty which would be necessary to pro-
tect the industry of the country and maintain a wholesome
competition at home'/ That this would be the result, no
one can doubt; all experience shows it. Gentlemen from
the West can appreciate the force of the argument. The
gentleman from Indiana. [Mr. Wright.] tells us that his
constituents pay double the prime cost of every article of
merchandise they purchase. This may be so; and it is the
fruit of an entice absence of competition. A merchant sits
down m a remote district of country, in the supply of which
he has no competitor, and his profits are sure to be exorbi-
tant. Open some new communication, by way ofa canal or
railioad, upon which a marketing town springs up and com-
petition is introduced, and profits very soon fall from 1C0
per cent, down to 25 or 20. Ihe effect is the same with
manufacturing. Jf I maybe permitted, 1 will read a letter
from an importer to the editor of the New York Tribune,
and published some time since, and also one from-an exten-
sive importing firm m the city of New. York -to me, which
show the wotkings of the tariff in reducing prices:
"it is often asserted by the advocates of free trade that the
consumer psys the duty imposed by the tarifi.in all cases.
This is grossly untrue, because we manufacture many arti-
cles cheaper than they could be imported without any duty.
But the free trader says this is specially true m"regard to
thosearticles which are not made here. On one article I
can speak fiom' personal knowledge—viz,: crockery—of
which there is but one small manufactory in this country,
having no influence on its price.
"By the late tariff the duty was raised from 20 to 30 per
percent. The article is regulated.in England by a list
made in 1814, and from this price a discount is made. Be-
fore the passage of the tariff, the discount was (for cash in
England) 4-5 per cent. An importation would then stand
thus on, say, ..... £100
45 per cent, discount.... 43
Duty 20 per cent.
Cost, including duty •
£55
11
£66
"Immediately on the passage of the tariff, the British man-
ufdctiirers increased then discount to 50 per cent, and an
impoitation now stands thus, qn - - ,£100
50 per cent, discount 50
Duty 30 per cent.
"Thus showing that the article is now imported 1§ per
cent, cheaper, besides the gain on exchange, &c. In this
case, then, the increase of duty was in fact paid by the Brit-
ish manufacturer, w I10 met that increase by a larger dis-
count; and the article is now sold by the jobber 10 per cent,
lower than m 1841. Ay importer."
[Extract of a letter ftorn 2\ew York, dated February 23, 1844 1
"With regard to the effect of the late tariff upon iron, it is
a subject that we have looked at with some care, and have
little hesitation 111 expressing our opinion, which is, that
iron is not higher under the present duty than it would have
been under a 20 per cent duty; in other w ords, that the for-
eign pioducer pays the duty. And, again, we have 110 douht
that if, for example, the present Congress should reduce the
duty on rolled iron (now paying $25 a ton) five dollars or
ten dollars a ton, the English ironmaster w ould at once ad-
vance their price twenty shillings or forty shillings steiling
a ton, and get it.
"We are satisfied of this, not only from rormer experience,
but from the present features of the foreign iron market. It
would be naturally supposed, and is often said, that, with
the immense domestic consumption of iron in England, and
their other large maikets, the loss of ours could not sensi-
bly effect the price; but it does practically do it, and on this
principle, that is, the surplus of an article on the market de-
presses th'e price—so that if, in a production of six or eight
