604
CONGRESSIONAL Gtofei
would prescribe what, in,his opinion, the most ap-
propriate course for the House to take on the sub-
ject.
The Clerk, at Mr. Elmer's request, read the reso-
lution which he had prepared, for the information of
the House.
Mr. ELMER then continued. He had read the
report of the Select Committee, and he believed it
fully sustained and embodied all the facts of the case
as they occurred before the House; and he deemed
it a duty which he owed to himself, to his constitu-
ents, and to the country, to call for some action of
the House in relation thereto. It was well known
that, in the transaction of the business of this House,
there were great irregularities and violations of or-
der of daily occurrence, on the part of gentlemen of
all parties, and from all sections of the country; and,
to apply a corrective, a beginning must be made: he
did not wish to begin harshly; and therefore he
would begin with a resolution of censure. It
would be seen that his resolution made no
discrimination between the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and the gentleman from New York; but if
there were different degrees of guilt, the members of
the House could judge of the difference for them-
selves. It was reported to the House that the -gen-
tleman from Kentucky used opprobrious language
to the gentleman from New York, and that gentle-
man had stated that the report did him injustice in
one or two particulars, and one or two only, if he
recollected correctly. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky complained that the tone in which he, made
the remark to the gentleman from New York, was
not correctly represented. He said he spoke in a
low tone of voice; and he further said, that he made
the remark coolly, and that it was designed for the
ear of the gentleman from New York alone. Well,
let it be so taken: and did it in the slightest manner
alter the nature of the case5 And to what, then, did
it amount? Why, to this: that the gentleman from
Kentucky—according to his own admission—meant
to insult the gentleman from New York on this
floor, no matter whether publicly or privately.
Mr. CAUSIN interposed, and inquired if the res-
olution of the gentleman from New Jersey was be-
fore the House.
The SPEAKER replied that it was not now be-
fore the House; and the Chair understood that the
fentleman from New Jersey was addressing the
louse on the instructions offered by the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. WHITE hoped the gentleman from New-
Jersey would be allowed to proceed.
Mr. ELMER resumed, and said he was siutply re-
marking that, in the view of the case in which it was
presented, it amounted to an intentional insult, the
result of which was intended to be, if not a person-
al conflict on this floor, a conflict somewhere else.
They could not shut their eyes to the intention, for
it was plain and manifest; and yet such was the as-
pect in which it was brought before them as an ex-
cuse! It was sufficient for the House that one of its
members insulted another, and that they had both
been guilty of a violation of order, and of the rules
of the House; and for such conduct they deserved
the censure of the House. The gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Dickinson,] on a former day, ask-
ed him, as some sort of a set-off, whether he ''hung
his head with shame" at the circumstance which oc-
curred between the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wei.-
ler] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stewart;] ard he had then no opportunity to re-
ply, and should therefore make Ins reply now. He
would now inform the gentleman from Tennessee
that he deplored the circumstance alluded to; and,
if they had been brought before before the House at
that time, he should have voted with all his heart to
censure those gentlemen. Being, however, at the
time of those occurrences, a young member on this
floor, he took no part in those discussions, nor
would he now go into any discussion of that mat-
ter. But here was a personal conflict; and should it
be overlooked* He saw no necessity to recommit
the report which had been made; there was no ne-
cessity for it. It was said that there were some er-
, rors in that report; but he did not understand that
there were any material errors. Why, then, should
they waste further time by a recommitment?
Mr. "WHITE said he had hoped most sincerely
that no necessity would have required him to rise
here during the progress of the investigation into
this case until it came to a final determination, when
he should be allowed to make his defence; but the
remarks of the gentleman from New Jersey, reflect-
ing: on him personally, called upon him in a tem-
perate manner to set that gentleman right in rela-
tion to the facts.
The gentleman from New Jersey had said that
he had complained of no part of the report of
the select committee, except in an isolated point;
but when the gentleman from New Jersey said
that, he said ^hat the record of what he [Mr. White]
did say would not sustain him in it at all.
Mr. ELMER called upon the gentleman from
Kentucky to explain.
Mr. WHITE said he would explain; .he gentle-
man might keep his seat. It would be recollected
that, when the report was made by the select com-
mittee, he had never seen it; and the first indication
he had of it was when it was presented to this
House, and'read from the Clerk's table. He could
not at that time follow it consecutively through all
its allegations; but he discovered one error, and he
insisted on its recommitment, that that error might
be corrected. He repeated that he had not previ-
ously read the report; indeed, he had been inform-
ed by a member of the committee, that it was not
intended to make any report, but simply to report
the facts; and he declared before Gfod that he had
no evidence that the committee had changed their
determination until the report was made. Under
these circumstances, how could he have taken up
the report and discovered its errors? Such as he
discovered he had exposed, and he asked that they
might be corrected; but that favor was denied him.
He now asked the attention of the gentleman from
New Jersey to a fact which had escaped his atten-
tion. Yesterday, the chairman of the select com-
mitttee came into the House when select commit-
tees were called, and r>aid that several gentlemen
had stated that there were several errors of a mate-
rial nature in the printed copy of testimony taken in
the case. He [Mr. Saunders] moved, therefore, to
print 2,000 extra copies of the report and testimony,
with a view of enabling gentlemen to furnish such
corrections of their testimony as they thought ma-
terial; and on this motion he moved the previous
question. Such was the statement yesterday of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Saunders;]
and the newspaper reports of which he (Mr. W.)
had said would show that he had not only com-
plained of an isolated error, but that he had de-
nounced the report as wrong from beginning to end.
He said this in an audible voice yesterday, but it
had escaped the attention of the gentleman from
New Jersey. He proceeded to make other remarks
of a like character.
Mr. SAUNDERS made some explanation, which
was inaudible, in consequence of a hum of voices
behind the reporter's desk.
Mr. WHITE said, of the thirty-four witnesses
who had been examined, not one had complained
that the testimony he gave had been incorrectly re-
ported. Nor did he intend to impeach the accuracy
of that testimony, however much injustice it might
do him. He was willing that the testimony should
be printed, but he saw no occasion for reprinting
the report. However injurious the testimony might
be to himself, he repeated, he acquitted gentlemen
who had given testimony of. all intention to misrep-
resent. It was scarcely to be expected that the most
honest testimony, especially in a case like this, should
agree in all particulars. As he had said from the
beginning, he was not disposed to throw any obsta-
cles in the way of a lull and fair investigation; nor
did he mean to throw any obstacles in the way of
the gentleman from New Jersey. He would there-
fore withdraw the motion which he had made.
Mr. ELMER offered a resolution of censure up-
on Messrs White and Rathbux.
He would not occupy the time of the House with
any remarks. In moving this resolution, he had
simply discharged what he considered to be his
duty.
Mr. WELLER said lie thought it was time that
an effort was made to bring the discussion upon this
unfortunate subject to a close. Even the gentleman
from Kentucky would have no reason to complain.
Mr. GRIDER interposed, and requested the gen-
tleman from Ohio to allow him a few moments, that
he might make a few remarks upon this subject.
Mr. WELLER said certainly, if it was a matter
personal to the gentleman, about which he desired to
make an explanation.
Mr. GRIDER said it was upon the general
proposition that he desired to speak.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a question of order.
He desired to know what connexion there was be-
tween this resolution and the report. The resolution
seemed to be altogether independent of the report,
which would still be before the House.
The SPEAKER remarked that the committee had
been required to inquire into, and report to the House
the facts of the case, which they had done; it was
competent, then, jn the opinion of the Chair, for the
gentleman to offer the resolution which he had done,
in view of the facts which had been reported.
Mr. WELLER said he was remarking, when in-
terrupted, that there had already been sufficient dis-
cussion upon this subject. The gentleman from
Kentucky could have no reason to complain if the
debate were now to be terminated; even if the report
did him injustice, he had had an opportunity to make
twenty or thirty speeches, and those speeches had
gone abroad in the newspapers. If the facts
contained in the report were true, that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky had used opprobrious
language towards the gentleman from New
York, he could never consent to vote a cen-
sure upon the latter gentleman for the course
which he took. It was impossible to curb the pas-
sions of the human heart. When a man is grossly
insulted, he cannot be expected tamely to submit.
If, on the other hand, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky had used the words in the heat of anger, un-
der the impression that his own veracity had been
impeached, he would be willing to vote for no cen-
sure upon him. But he had not risen for the pur-
pose of entering into a discussion upon the subject.
He had foreseen what would be the result; and
now, for the purpose of anticipating the action of
the House, he moved to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GRIDER inquired whether an affirmative
decision would carry the report and the resolution
both upon the table.
The SPEAKER replied that the whole subject
would go upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being ta-
ken, resulted thus—yeas 82, nays 73.
So the subject was laid upon the table.
Mr. McKAY moved that the rules be suspended
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays on
the question; which were ordered.
Some conversation, as to priority of business,
took place, when
The question was taken on Mr. McKay's mo-
tion, and decided in the negative—yeas 74, nays 88.
Reports of committees being the next business in
order,
Mr. J. R. IIS"GE11SOLL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill for the relief of
Samuel G. Walker; which was twice read, and re-
ferred.
Mr. PRESTON KING, from the Committee on
Commerce, moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorials of
several railroad companies, praying for a remission
of the duties on railroad iron, on the ground that
there was a general bill reported on the subject:
agreed to.
Mr. PHCENIX, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of Joseph Kerwan, surviving
partner of Kerwan & Willis; which was twice read,
and referred.
Mr. WINTHROP, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill, in addition to the several acts regu-
lating the shipment and discharge of seamen, and
the duties of consuls; which was twice read, and re-
ferred.
Mr. DANA, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made a report upon the case
of Sellers and Pennock, accompanied by a joint reso-
lution for their relief; which resolution was read a
first and secondtime, and committed to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. STILES, from the same committee, to which
was referred the joint resolution (No. 10) for the
benefit of Saltmarsh and Fuller, and the joint reso-
lution (No. 11) for the benefit of Wm. Fuller, re-
ported the first of the said resolutions with and the
last without amendment.
Ordered, That the said resolutions be committed to a com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. CROSS, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the "Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the consideration of Seriate
bill to test m the United States courts the validity oi private
land claims in the States of Missouri, Arkansas, and Louis-
iana, and m those parts of the State of Mississippi and Ala-
