618
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Patterson.
H. of Heps.
hundred thpusand tons, the usual market for fifty thousand ,
is cut off", tlie whole mass must suffer till a reduced price or
a diminished production gives an outlet for the surplus.
Your millers are well aware of this in flour. It is the ten or
fifty, thousand barrels too much that make them all the trou-
ble.
"Why do our disinterested countrymen declaim so strong
about the English corn laws? Is it that they hope, at a re-
duced duty, the poor operative may buy his flour cheaper,
or that we may sell it dearer?
"We have many illustrations of the way. in which our du-
ties affect prices abroad. A striking example is in recent
quotations. IIoop iron, which was formerly 10 to 20s. per
ton more, is now quoted 20s. less than refined bar iron' The
reason is, out duty on hoop iron is increased in a greater
proportion, and they must sell it for this, or not sell it at
all.''
The effect is the same upon every article imported into
this country, coming in competition with articles of our own
manufacture. The home market of every country is the
most important one, the exports forming but a small propor-
tion of the article produced, and the manufactuier finds
it for his interest to crowd off his surplus at prime cost,
and sometimes at a trifling loss, if, by doing so, he
can get nd ol his surplus, maintain prices at home, and
keep his establishment moving. Hence it is that we find
the foreign manufacturer, upon the imposition of additional
duties, continuing to supply our markets, and competing
with our manufacturer by reducing prices so low that, in
many instances, the consumer obtains the imported article
at a less price.than he did before the duty was advanced.
Do away with competition, and the price rises. Destroy
your own manufactories, and jou are at the mercy of for-
eigners, who will not long continue to supply you at prices
below which the articles cannot be produced.
It is contended that, under our tariff', manufacturers are a
privileged class—that the agriculturist needs none, nordoes
he desire any protection from it. Let us sec if that be the
case, and how the matter stands. At prices agricultural
products were bringing in January last, they would pay, if
imported, the following duty:
Cotton, 3 cents per lb. or 30 per cent, ad valorem.
Wool, 30 p. c. and 3*c. p. lb. 40 " -
Beef, 2 cents per lb. or
Pork,
Bacon, 3
Lard, 3
Cheese, 9
Butter. 5 1
Potatoes,9
Flour, 122% '
Wheat, 25 1
Oata, 10
Hemp, $40
per bushel
per barrel
per bushel
per ton, or
34
52
50
ISO
51
36
2.3
25
33
30
On the articles enumerated there is an average duty of 50
per cent. That these articles need protection is show n by
the fact that there aie more or less of them imported, not-
withstanding the duties are high. Take the four articles of
hemp, wheat, potatoes, and wool exceeding mi value 8 cents
pel pound, and the importation for the last six years aver-
ages $'238,000 annually, more than the average ot wheat and
flour exported to Great Britain during the same period.
Many other articles are protected, which directly benefit
the agriculturist.
It appeais by the last census that there were 792,000 per-
sons engaged in manufacturing, add to which the laborers
in and about the various establishments, with theirfamilies
and dependants, and it will swell the number to near four
millions, which may be regarded as the manufacturing popu-
lation of the country, all of whom are consumers of agricul-
tural propucts. Change this population into pioduceis, and
where would be your marketf
"it is said to he ascertained that the Glenham Woollen
Factory, at Fishkill, in New York, with a capital of $140,000,
gives profitable employment to $1,432,000 of other capital,
chiefly agricultural, in items as follows: 60,000 sheep, at $2
a head, $132,000, 22,000 acics of pasture land, to feed iheep,
in Dutchess county, supposed to be worth $50 per acre,
$1,100,000; farms employed to the extent of 2,600 acres,
worth $70 acre, $182,000; othercapital, to tarnish tenants
fire wood and piovender, &c , $8,000: consequently, if
$140,0U0 manufacturing capital employs $1,432,000 of other
capital, then the $300,000,000 manufacturing capital
in the United States, at the same, rate, would cm-
ploy other capital of the country to the amount of
$3,068,571,428 This shows that American manufactures
give employment to a vast amount of agricultural cap-
ital
The formers of the country of (which class more than a
million are engaged in growing wool) receive annually
forty millions of dollars from this souice, and for the sub-
sistence of operatives in woollen and iron establishments,
twenty-six millions—in all sixty-six millions—being more
than eight times as much as all the American flour,
beef, and pork consumed by all the foreign markets of the
world
It appears by the estimate of the Commissioner of Patents,
that the quantity of w heat raised m the United .States in
1842, was 102,317,310 bushels, and, by the commeicial docu-
ment, that the whole amount of wheat sent abioad,
estimating five bushels to the barrel, was only 7,235,968
bushels, being about one-fifteenth of the whole crop
It also appears that there was laised the same ) ear, m
the country, 441,829,246 busliels of Indian corn, and the
commercial document shows that only 1.684,000 bushels
were sent out of the country The importance of a home
market will appear from the fact that the New England
States consume annually, beyond their own production,
7,000,000 bushels of wheat, which is about 500.000 bushels
more than the average exports of the whole country. Of
otherg'-'-m, Massachusetts and Rhode Island consume, of
the products of other States, at least 3.675,000 bushels, near-
ly three times the amount sent abroad annually. Was. >.«
chusetts alone consumes, of the products of oilier S ates,
more than forty millions of dollars, equal to one-half the an-
nual expoit.-. of J.'j pioduce of the United States, exclusive
of manufactured articles It as estimated by Mr. Hud-son
that the four millions of persons dependent upon manufac-
tures, furnish a>market to western States worth ten tjrp.ff as
piwh ^ all AtlK.j jn the ryorld
With the exception of cotton and tobacco, our agricul-
tural products exported do not exceed sixteen millions an-
nually. All the rest of our immense products, amounting to
more than $2,000,000,000 is consumed at home, always find-
ing a certain market, while the foreign market is uncertain,
depending, more or less, uponthfc crop in Europe, where, if
the crop is abundant,-the excess is thrown back, upon the
home market, reducing the price of whole crop, or is forced
abroad at a gfeat sacrifice. "The annual production of
wool may be estimated at $16,000,000: withdraw protection
from that interest, and it must, in a great measure, be
abandoned: protect wool and neglect to protect the woollen
manufacturer, and you destroy the home market for
wool,''1 Piotection does not destroy commerce; on the
contrary, it tends to increase it: the freight of dye-stuff's,
barilla, .and the thousand articles imported, which
are consumed in manufacturing, emply a ten-fold great-
er amount of shipping than would be required to bung the
manufactured article to the country. In case a protective
tariff did mjurG commerce, would there be any good reason
why the interests of the 792,000 engaged m manufacturing
should be sacrificed to benefit the 117,000 engaged in com-
merce9
The average puce oi flour and wheat in the United States,
fiom 1831 to 1841, was, according to the prices current of
those years, $6 05 per barrel, an<l $1 30 a bushpl; whereas
the average puce, during the same period, in Europe, was
$4 93 a bajiel, and 98 cents a bushel, which shows how
much wheat and Hour must have declined in this country,
before it could have found a foreign maiket. Not one-
twentieth of the products of the country are marketed
abroad, which shows how unimpoitant the foreign maiket
is, when compared with the home maiket Ftom 1836 to
1840, the aierage annual exports of all oui4 agricultural pro-
ducts, exclusive of cotton, was only $11,766,615. of which
$5 353,818 was the annual expoit to Gxeat Britain. Oui
whole average exports, for the same time, was' $102,5SS,892,
of w hicli the export of cotton was $64,238,235, leaving only
$33,350,367 as the average anuual expoit of all our products
for those j ears." Although our export's at times have in-
creased, yet that increase has been mainly confined to
cotton.
"During teu jears, from 1820 to 1830, of tolerable protec-
tive policy, we paid off one hundred millions of foreign
debt. During the next ten years, from 1830 to 1840. of com-
parative fieo trade, we contractcd a foieign debt of two
hundred millions During the first period, oui imports were
$798,300,000—dining the second period they were $1,302,-
500,000. being nearly double the amount imported during the
first From 1S35 to 1S40, the golden era of free hade, the bal-
ance oftiade against us was more than $132,000,000,'" bank-
rupting and distresmg the country bejond endurance. A
great deal is said about the inequality of the present tariff,
and one would suppose, from representations upon tins
floor, that our sj stem of taxation was the most grinding in
the world.
Great Britain, undei hei new tariff', for which she has so
much credit aw.irded her, imposes upon our salt beef a duty
of 60 per cent , bacon 109 per cent, butter 79 per cent.; corn
32 per cwit., flour 32 per cent, aveiage, unmanufactured to-
bacco 1,000 per cent.; manufactured tobacco 1,200 per cent,
salt pork 33 per cent.; soap 200 per cent ; spirits from grain
500 per cent, spirits from molasses 1,600 per cent ; making
a laige discrimination m favor of her colonies, intended as a
protection to her own industry Nor is this policy confined
to Great Britain. Every other country has adopted the
same general policy. " While Mexico has adopted recently
a tariff which is prohibitory, Chili and the other govern-
ments of South America impose a duty almost equal to that
of Great Britain upon our productions The policy of Spain
js prohibitory. Portugal, Russia, and the Netherlands pro-
hibit substantially ouv breadstuff*, sa) s Mr Hudson, while
France adopts the principle of protecting her own industry,
prlulntmg generally iron and its manufactured articles,
shoes, carriages, cotton and woollen goods, cut and window
glass, and whatever else comes in competition with her
own industry."
From this view of the policj of other nations, the com-
mittee, as 1 think, wisely come to the conclusion that we
should not relax our present policy. One would suppose
that, taxed and iejected as the products of this country are
bj other countries, the strictest constructionist would ac-
knowledge the propriety of a di&crrminatrng tariff, if upon
no otlrerground than to countervail the unequal restrictions
upon our own products, in self-defence. In 1841, our im-
ports were $127,945,000, and our exports $91,000,000. "Upon
the amount imported we collected 1H per rent, duties,
amounting to $14,187,000, whereas foreign countries col-
lected upon our exports that year $113,500,000, or 124 per
cent. There was a time when the people of this country
would have cried out as one man against so unequal a poli-
cv. declaring, in the spirit of tiue patriotism, that we had
ni,linns for defence, and that we will no longer pay so un-
equal t> tribute without hurling back the blow 'J he spirit
and independence of the golden age has departed, and the
stufe appears to be, on this lioor, to obtain the unenviable
distinction of bring most instrumental m reducing the peo-
ple oi this country to colonial vassalage.
Some time since there appeared about to be formed a mat-
rimonial alliance upon this floor between the South and fire
"Vte-st. The honorable gentleman ftom Foulh Carolina,
[Mr. Hoi.Mr s,] who made the learned and constitutional ar-
gnnnint, so convincing to himself, that the most refined ab-
stractionist could not discover any thing man appropriation
for the improvement of the western ri\ers, that m the least
infringed upon the constitution, m the capacity of a lover,
commenced early in the session to woo. and apparently
was about not only to win the affections, but to obtain the
heart and hand of the beautiful western bride who seemed
ready to surrender ! "irseK. w ith all her virgin chtirms, into
tip arms ol the gallant A cfuvalnns South Carolinian,
who held out to "her m the improvement of their jnvers and
♦he destruction of the tanff', which were the conditions of
the match, assurances of her realizing the brightest promi-
ses of hope. Fow the matter star-is. and what progress
has beta made. I do not pretend to knowr. At the time,
appearances indicated that, as the match was a most dis-
tinguished one, the nupiials would be celebrated with all
p<-jy,par d ami m due tim* the {aroes
set forth upon a magnificent bridal tour around the world:
their interests being separate, notwithstanding they, had
taken each other for better or for worse, the worse being
sure all along to fall to the lot of "the western bride, as
they were to act as supercargoes of divided interests, each •
diplomatizing lor themselves in all their commercial opera-
tions. They will appear, ot course, at the great com-
mercial marts of Europe—England, Fiance, Germany, and
elsewhere—flushed with extravagant anticipations, and
robed in all the dignity of their high diplomatic mis-
sion, exhibiting the scroll upon which is recorded the
principles of tree trade, a horizontal tariff', and 20 per cent,
duties, undeniable evidence of the immense .sacrifices of
their country to the modern abstractionism, free trade.
They will be met and congratulated for their far-reaching
wisdom in adopting the doctrine of free trade, which,-they
will be told, is exactly adapted to the United States, who
alone, of all the nations of the earth, can reap a golden har-
vest under its dispensation. The cargo of the gentleman
from South Carolina will be in such demand that he will be
permitted to enter England or France, with all his commodi-
ties, by paying a mere nominal tribute, because thej have
to compete with the world 111 the markets of the gentleman
from South Carolina, as well as those ol the West, in the sale
of the identical article purchased of him, enhanced in value
hundreds of per cent by reason of foreign labor bestowed
upon it. While the confiding bride, who had been induced
to join hei fortune to his, with the assurance that the expe-
dition \\ ould end in then mutual weal, instead ol Which,
when too late, finds, with all her blandishments and charms,
that she is not to be treated with common civility, many of
her articles meeting with total rejection, while others are
only admitted at 30, >0, 100 to 1600 per cent ; and although
she niaj remonstrate against such ruinous conditions, and
the ungallantry of him who had espoused her but to de-
ceive, deserting hei in the hour of trial when his aid was
most needed, and when it would ha\e been supposed, such
w ere the sacrifices she had made in confiding lie* fortunes
to his guidance, that his manly nature would have risen in
arms, making common cause with her against such un-
righteous demands, instead of which, the chivalry which
the South inherited from their fathers will-have depart-
ed, and he would be found repudiating his fair spouse,
suffering her to continue knocknig in vain at the doors
of the great commercial temples for admission ou
more liberal terms, until "her locks are wc-t with the'
dew-drops of the night,^ when, at last, heartbroken and de-
jected, she is compelled to pay the ungenerous tribute, and
returns home, bankrupt in estate, and dispirited, her indul-
gent mother would demand a divorce from so unholy a
union; which, I will venture to predict, that, should her
representatives upon this floor ever attempt to renew, they
would not be permrtted, the second time, an opportunity to
disgrace her fair fame and bankrupt her estate. No, sir, the
manufacturing interest, suitably protected, is yet to form
the proudest jewel in the crown of the West.
1 believe it is conceded by all writers upon political ecorv .
omy, that population is wealth to a nation. What purely
agricultural nation has ever become very wealthy, or
densely populated, in modern times1 On the contrary, is.
not every nation most elevated in its condition, both mor-
ally and intellectually, and enjoying the greatest amount of
this world's comfort, more or less a manufacturing nation?
If this be the case, and 1 understand it to be so, it is
equally certain that we cannot become a manufacturing
people and compete with the old world without ample pro-
tection, until our population is reduced to the degraded and
miserable condition of the laboring classes abroad, which
may God m his mercy long protect us from. If.population
is wealth—a sufficient amount of which can never be attain-
ed in purely agricultural pursuits to develop all the re-
sources ot the country, and to better, at the same time, the
condition of the agriculturist—the question arises, how, or -
in what possible way, can that population be obtained, but
by protecting and fostering every branch of home industry?
Nothing appears more clear than that the object cannot be
obtained m any other way.
Western gentlemen object to this, because, as they say, it
is building up the manufacturing interest at the ^xpen<-e of
the agriculturist. Nothing is moie fall cious, in my hum-
ble opinion, than this argument On the contrary, the
agricultural mterest is benefited ten fold beyond the
petty tax that it is subject -to rn consequence of any
tariff necessary to protect manufactures in the country
against foreign competition, nor is theie any section of
country to be more extensively benefited through all com-
ing time by a manufacturing population, than the fair and
beautiful West. What -is it that equalizes the markets
through the length and breadth, fiom the centre to the ex-
treme of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, but the im-
mense cities built up by its vast manufacturing interests—
mokuig the agricultural products of the country worth as
much at Manchester, Leeds. Birmingham. Glasgow, hun-
dreds of miles from London, as in that crtj > Clearlj noth-
ing. Without these cities, the markets lor the remote sec-
tions of the country would be London, the productions of
which w ould be subjected to no inconsiderable expense m
transporting it to market, w Inch is now entirely saved to the
agriculturist b\ reason of his home maiket, without which,
there would be many article* of that class most profitable
to pioduce, which would not bear transportation, such as
hay, fruit, vegetables, nnlk, &c , from the production of
which they would be cutoff "What is it but the superior
advantage of the markets at Boston, New York. Philadel-
phia, and all our large tow ns for every kind of agricultural
pioduction, and more particularly that class of artrcles
which will not bear transportation, that makes the land in
the neighborhood of those cities and towns worth one hun-
dred to live hundred dollars an acre, while better improved
lands in the West may be obtained from five to twenty dol
iars the acre. Suppose a Manchester, a Birmingham, a
Leeds, and a Glasgow should rise up m Indiana. "Illinois,
"Wisconsin, Missouri, and Iowa, making a home market,
would thej not make the country aionnd these cities a
gaideii, enhance the value of real estate, equalising the pricc
of agricultural productions ss in England' Ihink j on
not that the agricultural interest of that region would
be benefited \astiy beyond any tax it would be,
subjected to, ir. ons^quence oi a tariff: sufficient-
h ' hsgrh manufacture fo
