CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
605
bairia, south of the 31st degree of north latitude, and be-
tween, the Mississippi and Perdido rivers; and that the same
be made the special order of the day for Tuesday next.
Mr- C. JOHNSON desired to say a word on the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Cross.] The object of the resolution was to
discharge the Committee of the Whole from a bill
of very great importance, and involving very great
interests, and he trusted that the House would not
consent to bring it into the House, where the pre-
vious question could be applied, until it had been
discussed m committee.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
CROSS, J. THOMPSON, C. JOHNSON, and
WHITE.
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the resolution on the
table, and on this he called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. C. JOHNSON inquired if the resolution
would not require a two-thirds vote.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. VINTON withdrew his motion to lay on the
table, and the yeas and nays were ordered on the
adoption of the resolution, and resulted thus: yeas
83, nays 64, which was less than a majority of two-
thirds.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER, a bill from the
Senate, supplemental to a bill reported in the House
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to regulate
the pay of the navy, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS asked permission to present a me-
morial from the American Statistical Association, in
relation to errors in the last census; and he moved
that it be referred to a select committee.
Mr. BELSER said he wished to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether these were
the proceedings of a meeting of persons of color in
New York.
Mr. ADAMS said it was a memorial from the
statistical society, showing that there were errors in
the printing of the sixth census.
Objections were made to its reception; and,
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to present the memorial; and, upon this
motion he asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered; and being taken, resulted thus: yeas 97,
nays 49.
There not being two-thirds in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if the Speaker had voted.
The SPEAKER replied that he had not.
Mr. ADAMS called upon the Speaker to vote, as,
if that vote should be in the affiimative, there would
be two-thirds.
The SPEAKER observed that he had not felt
called on to vote, as there was not a tie; he would
inform the gentleman, however, that if he had voted,
his vote would have been in the negative.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WHITE inquired whether, in case the
House refused to go into committee, the first busi-
ness would not be the consideration of the eastern
harbor bill.
The SPEAKER replied that that bill was the
first business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SEYMOUR of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays upon the motion to go info Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and be-
ing taken, they were—yeas 59, nays 92.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. SEYMOUR asked if the morning hour was
The SPEAKER said it had. He would now lay
before the House a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
A leport from the Secretary of the Navy, in re-
ply to a resolution of the House of the 29th of Jan-
uary, relating to the employment of the United
States marines at the docks and navy-yards of the
United States, was read, laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
The SPEAKER said that the first business in or-
der was the bill making appropriations for certain
harbors and rivers.
The bill was then taken up, and the pending
amendment read, which was an amendment offered
by Mr. Jacob Thompson, appropriating ten thous-
sand dollars for the removal of the bar at the mouth
of Pass Christian, State of Louisiana.
Mr. THOMPSON said this motion was made in
pursuance of a petition of the mail contractors and mail
carriers between N. Orleans & Mobile,steamboat mas-
ers and owners, merchants in trade, and others, in-
terested in the commercial intercourse between those
two great cities, which he presented to the House
after this bill had been reported by the Committee
on Commerce. The number of petitioners is sixty-
two; but he was assured that the number could have
been enlarged to 15,000, had it been thought neces-
sary. The lateness of the presentation of the peti-
tion will satisfactorily account for the omission of
this appropriation in the bill as reported. For he
was thoroughly persuaded, that if the facts had been
properly arid fairly laid before the committee, the
merits of the proposed work would have induced
that committee to make the expenditure asked for.
He was now under the necessity of offering some
considerations to the House, which recommended the
adoption of this motion.
New Orleans and Mobile are situated about 150
miles apart. There is an immense trade carried on
between these two cities. It consisted, for the most
part, in meat, flour, corn, lard, bagging, and rope;
and all the thousand things which are carried from
the up country for the consumption of
the southern States. South Alabama is a very
large consumer of western provisions. There
are two routes from New Orleans to Mobile on
which this trade passes. As you come out from
Lake Ponchartrain into the Gulph of Mexico, there
are two channels in which the trade passes, and
they are known and designated as the inner and the
outer route. The inner route passes along the Mis-
sissippi beach—is protected by Ship island and Cat
island against storms and the violence of the
weather, and is well nigh the only safe route for
steamboats The outer one runs to the south of the
islands, and is liable to sudden and violent storms, to
encounter and successfully resist which steamboats
generally are wholly incapacitated; for it is a fact,
perhaps not generally known, that in that gulf,
storms are not only frequent, but sudden, violent,
and imminently dangerous. It is the inner
route which runs through Pass Christian, which is
situated on the coast of Mississippi. Whenever the
wind bears from the north and northwest, which
are the prevailing winds in the winter season, and
which is the land breeze, this pass becomes shal-
low; and being very crooked, it is almost impossible
fur navigators to escape grounding. This is proved
by the letter of the Postmaster General, which has
been read in the hearing of the House, and which
shows that more than two-thirds of the failures of
the United States mails are caused by the bar which
he now desired the House to cause to be removed
by this appropriation.
What is to be done? The petition sets forth, (and
such I am well persuaded is the fact,) that a bar
four hundred yaids in extent is all the impediment,
all the hindrance to this commerce. This bar con-
sists of coarse sand and oyster banks, which, being
once removed, would never accumulate a second
time. The experience of a hundred years proves
that the water is gradually deepening; and this fact
gives assurance that there is no predisposition to
accumulate and form a bar at this point; and expe-
rienced men say that $10,000 expended m abra-
ding and removing this bar will greatly facilitate and
aid the immense commerce which floats along this
coast.
But while we urged this matter, Mississippi, as a
State, is as little interested in this improvement as any
one of the western States. Along this coast we
have a sparse but a most worthy population, which
is directly interested in this work; but their com-
merce forms but an inconsiderable amount of this
vast trade. Who supplies the southern market
with meat? Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, and Kentucky.
Who sends down the flour, and iron, and whiskey,
bagging, and rope, and mules, and horses? Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Il-
linois, Missouri, and Iowa.
It is for these States this expenditure is asked, and
particularly should the representatives of Louisiana
and Alabama sustain this amendment. The. exports
of Mississippi consists almost exclusively of cotton.
This finds its way to New Orleans and Mobile, and
thence it is put on board of your merchantmen, and
exported direct to foreign ports. Hence he might be
relieved from insisting upon a matter which is not to
gain him any strength at home, or benefit any large
portion of his constituents.
The commercial importance of a place lying in
our vicinity, is but too apt to be exaggerated by all,
and this is the great danger of appropriations of this
kind. Nor would he attempt to depreciate or dimin-
ish the consequence of other points which receive ap
propriations m this and the bill of a similar character
which has already passed this House. But it is idle
to tell an individual, acquainted with the trade dis-
commoded by this bar, along which a thousand boxes
of articles for sale pass daily, that it is not to be com-
pared in its claims on this government with those of
the harbor at the mouth of the Genesee rivei> on
which the government has expended more than
$152,000, and is now about to appropriate $20,000;
or the harbor at Oswego, on which you have
spent more than $222,000, and now propose to
spend $20,000 more; or the harbor at Buffalo, on
which you have heretofore expended more than
$212,000, and now have appropriated $40,000 more;
or the Hudson river, for the improvement of which
you have expended $320,000, and in this $50,000
more is to be appropriated! Is it to be compared
with the trade which is protected by the Delaware
breakwater, in the construction of which you have
expended well nigh $2,000,000, and now propose
to spend $100,000 in addition; or the Cape Fear
river, on which you have expended more than
$200,000, and now propose to appropriate $20,000;
or that of the Savannah river, on which you have
expended more than $140,000, and now propose to
increase that amount $50,000 more; on the harbor at
Chicago, where government has expended $212,333,
and has now added to that sum $30,000? The least
observation will satisfy everybody that the idea is
preposterous to reject this appropriation when con-
sidered in a commercial point of view.
But he should be told that no estimate has been made
for this work, and it would be unwise to appropriate
without an examination and report from an officcv
of government. Sir, (said Mr. T.) I give you the
opinion of practical men as to the character of the
work, and of its practicability, and of the probable
cost. In this opinion the House can place confi-
dence. These men neither expect to disburse the
money nor to obtain the contract. They wish alone
to facilitate trade, to subserve the public interest;
government has already the necessary apparatus in
those waters to do the work, and he pledged himself,
if this sum now asked for be not sufficient, to ask no
more in future; and if the improvement be oncc
made, he would ask no more to keep it up. But
from experience, what confidence can we place in
the estimates heretofore made for the accomplish-
ing of these works' Your topographical bureau,
consisting of a few theoretical men, educated at your
Military Academy, and knowing but little of the
world, or of practical life, send in their estimates, in-
duce Congress to begin a work considered of na-
tional importance, and then, rather than abandon the
work, we are forced to spend fourfold the original
estimate. Let me call the attention of the House to
the following table, which is obtained from the
bureau of topographical engineers. (We insert only
a few; such as we could obtain.)
Statement shelving the appropriations asked for by the
present hill, the original, estimates,and the amounts that
have been expended for road, harbor, and river im-
provements, placed under the direction of the bureau
Of topographical engineers,from the commencement in
1824, lip to ls( January, 1844.
O O O
3 33
? § 5 3 B £ S? 3 3!
> p g
"~<-"OOOCcc<
^ '
= 2s5555i
O O < <
13 3 3 2
5 ^ >
~ o C (
n3 3 £
^.wOo-r'2>—2C; —- h
V P o c c
> eg© i
S « V '•
SO O M e- ^
sea' o -o ;
o o o c a c
© © © c
o © c ©
o o o ©
© © o © :
© © © © 5
® © © © C
Original
ni< u-*
Amount asked
lor liv present
bill.'
••O -J —) © to CICI_CC4'I0'_
"^©"o V. g©"^ M©VJ ® cri ©
| Amount alrea-
"©v! ! tly expended.
wsocc®o w« <
