June, 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
610
The Tnriff—Mr. Putterson.
H. of Reps.
selves against foreign competition? The doctrine of free
trade appear much better on paper than in practice, if it is
to result, as it must, m the prostration of our own manu-
facturing interest, making us dependent upon foreigners
for many of the necessaries, as well as most of the luxuries
of life. No policy is so well calculated to impoverish the
country, and make the great mass of the people, who m
this country mint always be agriculturists, hewers of
wood and drawers ot water to the commercial interest and
to foreigners. There are many portions of the'West.at
this time, from which it would cost to transport a bushel
of wheat to England, including insurance, commissions,
&c.,for selling, some eighty-seven and a half cents; add td
which live shillings loi duty, and it will cost in England
one dollar and fifty cents, leaving to the producer in Illin-
ois, alter paying ail charges* taking the average price to
be in the English markets, One dollar and seventy-five cents
—twenty-five cents a bushel—the freight alone amounting to
more than three-fourths of a dollar per bushel, while the
average freight of the articles returned to Illinois to pay
with would not exceed an English permy for each bushel.
Does it not follow, then, that the western farmer is taxed by
a system of free trade for the benefit of .British manufactures
vastly beyond what he would be required to contribute in
the way of protecting the manufacturer at home, who
would be able to give him a much larger quantity of his
manufactuied articles for the productions of his farm, than
they would bring him in foreign markets.
Is it not clear, then, that this system of free trade, which,
by the way, would be free on one side to foreigners and for-
eign productions, while it would be prohibition and ever-
lasting taxation on the part of all- the productions of this
country, is directly calculated to impoveiish the country,
particularly the agricultural interests, for the benefit of for-
eigners, a few common carriers, and the commercial in-
terest of the country—raising up a few overgrown and
splendid Atlantic cities to the total destruction of anything
of the kind iii the country? Nothing appeals more clear to
me than that it would reduce the people of this countiy to
the deplorable condition of those ol Europe, prostituting
and prostrating our boasted independence, making us slaves
in fact, although iree m name, instead of that elevated, fiee,
intellectual, and high-minded race which our lathers, the
founders of the republic, in their visions ol glorj , anticipated
w e should be.
The honorable gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Ham-
in a speech upon another subject, made upon this
floor some time since, drew a contrast between the slaves
of this country and the laborers of Italy and France, show-
ing the condition ol the former to be vastly superior to that
ol the latter. It fell to my lot, a few years since, to witness
the condition of the European laborer. When in Portugal,
(once so powerful and wealthy, the discoverers ot India,
from whom Great Britain at one time was compelled to ob-
tain a permit to pass around the Cape of Good Hope,) while
wandering along the Tagus, whose golden and jewelled
sands had gemmed the eaith, from whence the gallant Ex-
mouth, in her palmy days, had borne beneath the broad
pendant of the mistress of the seas, am empiess to the impe-
rial sea-girt isle—at Grenada, in Spain, that earthly Eden and
lost Paradise ot the Moois, in the midst ol flowers and fruit
forever fair—along the Garonne and the Loire, the garden
of France, in the midst of beautiful chateaus and vine-clad
hills—where the sweet notes of the nightingale enchant the
groves with music scarcely less of heavenly origin than if
the morning stars had sang together—all nature seemed re-
joicing, while man, alone, for whose benefit all these things
were created, appeared unhappy, the veriest slave in exist-
ence, chained down to the earth, and forced, like the quarry
slave, to work from morning to night for barely enough to
keep from starvation; mechanics and the laborer ol the lield
making their noon-day meal upon a crust ol biead and water,
with now and then the rare luxury of li'uit. It was then that
1 turned to my own, my native land, with exultation, and
thanked my God that the condition of my countrymen was
elevated so far above those children of poveity and oppres-
It has long been a matter of national pride with us, that
the condition of the masses in this country is so vastly su-
perior to those of Europe: should it not "be a matter of equal
pride with the people's representatives to maintain through-
all coming time that superiority ? And how can it be done
but by guarding our own industry against the unequal
competition of that labor whose reward is starvation, and
which, if suffered to "come m competition with our own,
must sooner or later reduce the laboring classes m this
countiy to the same miserable condition. An all-wn>e Prov-
idence has planed in our hands all the elements necessary,
if properly husbanded, to make us prosperous and happy lor
generations to come Let us guard, then, with a\igilant
eye, the vast domain which has been so bountifully be-
stowed upon us. to be held m trust for distribution to occu-
pants during this and coming generations. If so apportion-
ed out with the proper protection of our own industry, they
will prove the instrument which will long continue to ele-
vate our condition above any other portion of our race.
It is urged that manufacturing will endanger our iree in-
stitutions, that it begets ignorance and vice, engenders
disease and shortens lile This is untiue in every respect
There are no more intelligent and virtuous working class
of people, and more jealous of their rights as freemen, than
the manufactures and mechanics of this country. In 1833,
the government of Great Britain appointed commissioners,
\vhos e duty it was made to inquire into the condition ol the
manufacturing population, from whose report it appeals
that the. state of morals was as perfect, and in some re-
spects more perfect, than among other classes Ihe in-
stances of illegitimacy were no more numerous^ than
..mour' the agricultural classy, while the average time of
icknes> w&^much less than that ot any other class The
important fact appears, that, during the raging of the
choieri in Manchester m 1M2, the manulactui nig population
<i-nj.aUy en plo\elin factories, ♦-> scaped almost e ltin iy its
rivals. In one factory, employing over 1,500 hands, there
were but four casus, and in many ochers not a single cas^.
The workmen became *o s-t-ongly imp; - ssed with the be-
1'pf that there was something in the atmosphere of a iac-
torv that protected them from the disease, that they hur-
ried back from their meals to their work as the only place
<"! Th^v p*id m^rf* liberal nnd en
joyed more of the comforts of life, than the agricultural
.classes. The number who could read and write bore a fair
average with thosfe employed in agriculture and other
branches of labor, while the history of the times estab-
lishes the fact that thfcy were as zealous of their rights,
more active,^ intelligent, and'effective refbmers, than any
other class in England. The history of the world shows
that the manufacturers, mechanics, and artisans of every
age, have proved as able and intelligent defenders of their
individual rights, as boid and patriotic reformers, as any
other class whatever: which should put forever to flight
the unfounded imputation that femployment .of the kind is
calculated to beget ignorance, degrade and Vitiate the
mind. Without going into detail to show the bettered con-
dition of England, Germany, France, and many other coun-
tries,m consequence of their going extensively into manu-
facturing,- if 1 may be permitted, I will refer to a lit-
tle kingdom nearly connected with the events which
ended in the discovery of this country, which early dis-
tinguished itself in promoting the artp, sciences, agri-
culture, and manufactures, and whose inhabitants are
rarely thought of but as a race of infidels, and barba-
rians, long since swept from the earth. The kingdom
to which I allude, is Granada, in Spain, the foundation of
which is ascribed to the Jews led captive in the train of
Nebuchadnezzar, when he came to Spam after the destruc-
tion of Jerusalem, Vvhfen they ate supposed to have built the
cities of Tbledo 2nd Granada; those cities did not attain
much note till the conquest ol Spam by the Saracens, after
which, it was apportioned out amongst the conquerors.
The Musselmen of Egypt settled in Murcia, the Royal le-
gion of Emessa in Seville, that of Casarine in Jaen, that
of Palestine in Midona Sidona, while the fruitful dominions
ol Granada were assigned to ten thousand cavaliers who
were said to have been of the noblest blood of Aiabia.
"The colonists kept up their ancient distinction, after nam-
ing their places after that of then rmthitj. The Saracens
called theirs upon the bank of the Donro, Damascus, which
soonlost its boundaries in the grewing extent of the Alba-
cian, which still bears the name of Granada. They arc
said to have been led to give it the name of Damascus from
other considerations than love and Veneration for their na-'
tivecity. Granada, like Damascus, enjoyed a feitilitj so
lonstdnt, that scarcity is said never to have been known
within it<* borders; it also had its two rivers, and many
springs, bathing its walls and cleansing its streets, passing
in cooling streams through its houses, and gushing up -
everywhere m fountains, nor does the Dotiro furnish a
beverage less delightul to the Granadians, than the Tora to
the natives of Damascus." 'The Silver Genii like the Ba*
rada of Damascus, laves the southern confines of the
city, while the Sierra Nievada, with its snow-crown-
ed ridges, pierce the clouds rising like another Motint
Lebanon at its back." In that romantic region of beau-
tiful vallejs and everlasting mountains, distinguished
for perpetual snows, and flowers of perennial bloom,
denominated the lost Paradise of the Moors, one may
well imagine as he looks down from the towers of
the Alhambra, upon the Vega of Granada, that if it is
not the upper Paradise, its concentratcd beauties are
there imaged forth, shut out from the contaminations of
the wicked world by the everlasting mountains which ap-
proximate its great prototype We are told that it was there
when internal commotion had weakened them, and the
Spaniards had driven out the Aiabs from other portions of
Spam, indicating a speedy downfall of the Saracen domina-
tion in Granada, "there arose one of those individuals who
sometimes appear upon earth to affect the. destinies of men
and nations, and stamp the age m winch,they live with
something of their own greatness, who, upon the fragments
of a broken State, erected a new kingdom in one corner of
Andalusia, destined to enjoy near three centuries of great-
ness and glory.'1 "This individual was Mohamed Benasnar,
the first of that distinguished race who reigned so wisely
under the title of Emperor of the Faithful and King of
Spain, which was the commencement ol the golden age of
that little kingdom." He and his successors gave them-
selves up to the cares of peace, and won the affections of
the people by erecting hospitals for the poor, sick, and
"blind, establishing schools fur the children, and colleges
for the ) outh, frequently visiting them m person to see if
they were managed kindly, and if the attendants did their
duty. Nor did they iail to encourage the arts, manufac-
tures, and agriculture In the latter employment they de-
lighted m spending much of their time m cultivating flow-
ers, and in beautifying the grounds, which endeared them
to their subjects, and which was so necessary where there
are no lixe-1 laws of succession "Manufactures were in a
more flourishing state there than in any contempoiary king-
dom of Europe.'1 The manufacture of gunpowder, glass,
porcelain, and paper, was first discovered by them and intro-
duced into Europe. The manufacture of cotton and woollen
cloth was carried on extensive^ at Granada. "The silk
manufacture was the most brilliant branch of their industry,
which m the time of Justine sold for its weight in gold, be-
came a common article of dress among the Granadians. who
carried this branch of manufacture to so great a perfection,
that in the maikets of the Levant, their sejges, tafi'etas, and
velvets, were prefered to those of Syria. The commerce
of that little kingdom cairied on with Africa and the Le-
vant, was said to be veiy great—strangers from twenty
different nations were seen in its streets at the some time,
engaged m trade and commerce. The lovers of letters and
science which it is said spiungup in Arabia, among the
descendants of the sa-ne caliphs who destiov ed the Alex-
andrian library, which led there to the establishment of
colleges and libraries, didjiot fail to to extend itself amongst
the Spanish Arabs, who arc said to have established sixty
libraries in different places, some of th< -n of on extent that
would have done credit to the founders of the present day,
at which time the first libraries of England w o"ld not have
formed a tithe of one of them. Mention i^ made of 300 co-
tenipoiary author* of noje airong^t them, hi the l*2th
centurv, 'the verv gloomiest period of the dark age ol
Christendom, nowhere in the Saracen dominions did learn-
ing flourish more than m Granada, w hich contained a Royal
Uim er&ity, and two inferior colleger, besides its numerous
primary schools." 1 he libraries attached to the institutions,
ar.d all others conceded with the 3naw*h Moors. fell a prey
to ' 1 tV*
"Cardinal -Ximcnese, leanied and-illustrious as he was
said to have been, .caused 800,000 volumes, found at Gra-
jiada at the conqucst, to- be brought together and burned in
one bonfire. Thus the friends of learning had to deplore
the loss of works whose untold treasures _are only known
to be regretted. The Granadians also excelled m the
knowledge of medicine; so famous we^e tney,^ that
Christian princes, sought the advice of Moorish physicians.
They also did much to advance the arts, science, and Utera-
• ture in.Christendom, -which had so long given place to the,
religious disputes and blind fanaticism which had cast suqh
aj gloom over that period; and although it was a cardial
principle of Mahomedanism to enforce its doctrines at the
pticfe Of blood, they were a tolerant people: Christians were-
permitted to sit down in safety, awl hold sweet counsel
with them, beneath thfe shadow ofthe Moorish vine and
ficr-tree. • , /
This little kingdom of Granada, equal m territory only to
a second orthira-rate State, and the most mountainous re-
gion in Spain, not more than one half of which was capable
of being cultivated, supported a population of between three
and lour millions. The city of Granada alone contained a
population of over 500,000, and sent 60,000 warriors into the
field, manifesting a chivalrous bravery rarely equalled, and
never surpassed. A large portion -of this immense popula-
tion were engaged in the arts and manufactures, furnishing
a triumphant refutation to the charge that they beget igno-
rance and vice, disqualifying mankind for self-government
and the enjoyment of Iree institutions—for the Granadians
were a comparatively free, intelligent, simple, honest, hap-.
^E^sbut a faint outline of Granada under Alama and his
successors, entrenched within its mountains, ^lengthened
in its fastnesses by an immense population, which was grad-
ually swollen by,accessions from other congenial kingdoms,
which enabled lier for centuries to'maintain her grandeur,
and cany on a continuous war up to,the time of the union .
of the crowns of Castile and Arragon under J< erdinand ana
Isabella, when commenced the ten years'war which ended
in its downfall. And although they have perished forever
fiomthe earth, and the places that once knew them will
know them no more, the records of their rise and iallare
such that their memory can never die: an imperishable im-
rnortaliU is gathered around it, which will live so long as
their flowering valley continues to bloom, or the sweet
notes ofthe nightingale to enchant its groves, or the music,
of the winds to mingle with the roar of its waterfalls, and its
silvery flood to flow onward to the ocean, or the sun upon
its gorgeous chariot-wheels of fire to come over the ever-
lasting hills, and until it sinks to fade no more behind the
blue West.
it will be fortunate and happy for us as a nation, if wa
profit by the lessons of experience which the history ol that
remarkable people has opened out to us, clearly demon-
strating, as it does, that, by fostering and combining agri-
culture and manufactures, nations may double their popula-
tion, develop all their resources, diffuse the rich fruits of
their industry, and render their people intelligent, indepen-
dent, and affluent. ... . ..
1 remarked, when I first alluded to Granada, that it was
nearh* connected with the events which led to the discov-
ery of this country. It-was so. It was at the little town of
Santa Fe, in sight of Granada, and in the midst of its beauti-
ful Vega, where Isabella took by the hand the ad\ enture-
some and high-minded Genoese, after he had made a pilgrim-
age around the world, seeking patrons at different courts
who would send him forth upon a voyage of discovery.
Columbus returned from Portugal after an unsuccessful at-
tempt to -enlist its courtin his enterprise, and applied to ter-
dinand and Isabella, who reterred his project to a learned
commission, who, after due deliberation, regarded it as the
chimera ol an over-heated and distempered -mind. When ne
departed and was upon his way to bid farewell to .-pain for-
ever, he was met by a learned fnarat Seville, who had be-
come deeply interested in his contemplated enterprise, who
had discovered the budding of a might) gemub m him. and
who persuaded him to remain until lie could visit Isabella,
and urge upon her to adopt the enterprise as her own. He
did so, and she caused him to be recalled to Santa P e. lie
reached there in season to witness the completion ol the
conquest, and the triumphal entry of the sovereigns into
Giaaada, surrounded bvan amount ofpomp and glory which
has larely, if ever, fallen to the.lot ofany other earthly prm-
cei. Ferdinand,who had no faith in the enterprise, opened the
negotiation with him. He claimed the vice roy alty of all the
countries he should discover, with one-tenth of their income,
and that he should be made admiral of the fleets. I< erdinand
rejected the<e claims, and abruptly broke up the audience,
dismissing Columbus, who left, determined not to abate one
iota of Ins chum, manifesting that greatness of soul which
maintained its dignity in the midst of every misfortune An
ofticei of the household called Isabellas attention to his de-
paituxe. She recalled him, and accepted his. terns, under-
taking the expedition upon hoi own account for the Crown
of Castile, and not for Arragon, generously offering to
pledge her jew els, with which to obtain the means to send
hTwishh Mr. Speaker, that the distinguished aitist had.per-
fected the happ% illustration of that great event by adding
Isabella to the group which has so recently been placed
upon the frteps of your Capitol, representing her at the m-
tejeUine moment when offering to p edge her jewels or m
the act of receiving from Columbus the globe which he is,
with an air of triumph, in the attitude of presenting. They
are kmdred spirits, with intellects as towering as the Andes,
and a faith as boundless as eternity—whose memories
should be cherished by America, and handed down to pos-
teritv in nothing less enduring than monumental marble,
Fe'rdinand and Isabella are entombed in the great cailie-
dielof Granada, beneath a sumptuous mausoleum, m the
form of an elevated white marble couch, resting on the
<houlders of saints carvcd in bass relievo, surmounted by
figures representing winged seraphs, with the efiigies oi the
sovereigns-inclining upon the top of it, as if m a gentle
sleep There is so rniu h that is elm alrous, lornanuc, and
noble, particularly in the character of Isabella, as to make
Granada the Mecca to the passing stranger and American
pilgrim; notwithstanding which, when he ascends the
tomb and stands over them, reclining as natural as life at
i hit and thinks r-Ah? apd crn.f1! fjrpulHon of
