620
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL Gl*OBE.
June, 1844,
28th Gong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—-Mr. iMc demand■
H. of Reps.
the Moors, l\e will find it hard to forgive them. But when
he reflects that the generous and noble-minded Isabella, du-
ring her lifetime, guarded scrupulously all the provisions
of her treaties, making the stern cardinal, Ximenese, trem-
ble in her.presence, -when rebuking him for his attempts at
a forced com ersion of the Moors, that the church was the
conscience-keeper of kings, and that she took Columbus by
the hand when all the world had deserted him, and sent him
forth upon his mission of discovery, full of that expansive
faith, which, it has been happily said, if he had found no
world in the midst of the wateiy waves, would have created
one. It remains a question, in the eyes of some, never to be
solved, whether that faith, which is equal to the removal of
mountains, did not invoke from beneath the iiood this beau-
tiful world of ouz-s. He cannot find it in his heart to harbor
enmity to them. Yet when he looks down upon those
mighty C<ssars, he is admonished that they are not there;
for the great captain of the guard long since relieved them
from their earthly watch, and their spiritual chariots have
gone over the everlasting hills; yet there, all that remains
otthem that is earthly sleeps, unconscious of the agonizing
groans of a suffering and prostrate country, once the idol of
their hearts; or of the jubilee of a mightier empire than their
own that their generous munificence aided into life, "it
matteis not, foi the seed time has come, and the harvest
lias passed—the abundant harvest"-—not to their children or
their children's children, but to a stranger race. Sleep on,
then, princes, soldiers, sovereigns, through time's shadowy
night, and may their dust lemain undisturbed beneath that
noble pile, until that mstrument^shall sound, whose awful
voice, we are told, we all sooner or later must hear, at
whose echoings the loftiest temples will crumble into atoms,
and the earth itself dissolve away.
In conversation, a few days since, with an honorable rep-
resentative Irom the West, [Mr. Douglass.,] who, I believe,
is an advocate of a revenue tariff'and free trade, he spoke of
the rapid advances and glorious destiny of the We&t; cities
•were to arise there that would outrival NewYork. As he
was contemplating their prospective grandeur, he appeared
to be about realizing the sublime vision of Byrori, when he
said:
"I (Stood in Venice, on the Bridge of Sighs,
A "palace and a prison on each hand—
1 saw from out the wave her structuies rise-
As fiom the stoke of an enchanted wand.
A thousand years their dusky wings expand
Around mo, and a dying glovy smiles
Over the fair time, when many a subject land
Looked to the winged lions5 marble piles,
When Venice sat in state, throned on an hundred
ides.""
But how such magnificent cities arc to spimg into exist-
ence dependent merely upon internal commerce, is more
than 1 can divine. But let the West comc up to the work
and sustain her true interests, by adequately protecting
every branch of home industry, and cany out a judicious
system of internal improvements which are emphatically
whig measures, and which enrobed New England in the
beautiful garments with which &he is adorned, making her
wasti- places blossom like a ro^o—substituting m New
Yoikthohum of the happy husbandman for the hiss of the
seipent, the scieech oi the panther, and the still more
frightful battle yell of the red hunter, giung to them the
cattle upon a thousand hills—making every bill top and
valley m Pennsylvania and New Jersey vocal with the
merry clink of the mechanic's hammer, rearing up to them
a hundred towns, and developing the untold mineral wealth
of their iron mountains; and v\ Inch po'icy will equally boau-
tiiy, adorn, and bless the'South and West, il they will avail
themselves of its protecting wings Under Ub influence our
aims will be one; with the same religion and language we
shall be un.ted in bonds of a common brotherhood, "w hen w e
shall hear 110 more of disunion, violated L-itli, and a broken
constitution; for the North and the South, the P ast and the
West, will send up their annual contnbulions of wreaths of
flowers that will never fade, to adorn our beautiiul temple,
wateiing with their tear.-? the tree of liberty planted by the
pilgrims, and nurtured by our revolutionary fathers, while
its roots are penetrating broad and deep the earth, sending
up its tiunk to the heavens, and shootingabroaditsbranches
of llame to light the nations, when it will be fortunate ard
happy ior this and eveiy other generation of the earth to be
permitted to walk the course of time in the fulness of its ic-
liected light
SPEECH OF MR. McCLERNAND,
OF ILLINOIS.
In the House of Representatives, June 4, 1844.—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND said-
Mr. Chairman: I have diligently sought an op-
portunity for two days to address the committee oil
the topics which have been introduced into this de-
bate, but until now my efforts have been unavailing.
I had well-nigh despaired of succeeding at all; but
whilst there is life there is hope. By untiring perse-
verance I have at length gained the floor, and am en-
titled to be heard. Under the circumstances, I con-
sider myself fortunate; for, at this time, the difficul-
ties always existing in getting the floor seem to be
insuperably increased. Gentlemen on the other
side of the House, in particular, are as eager and as
anxious to talk as if their days were numbered,
and this was the last time they would be permitted
to ease their conscience:; by confessing their po-
litical sins. I would advise them, however, to
be culm—not to be alarmed; for, although their
die is cast, and their fate is irrevocably fixed,
by the recent proceedings at Baltimore,' yet they
•will be spared in msrey until their dying declara-
tions are heard. I say, therefore, in the midst of
the eager and stormy elements of which this House
is composed, I have reason to congratulate my-
self on my success. There may be those here
■who, from the facility with which they can get
the floor, and the impunity with which, they are al-
lowed to inflici suffering humanity, may be inclined
to value it lightly; but as I do not claim to be one
of this privileged regency, this speech-making mo-
nopoly, I do not feel my victory tnereby in the least
depreciated. Had I failed to secure a hearing, my
despondency would have been equal to my present
joy; as in that case, a cut and dried speech, seeking
the light of the world, would have been sup-
pressed: and you, .sir, will agree with me, that
of all the ills flesh is heir to, there is none
more distressing than the strangulation of" our
thoughts, when we have screwed ourselves up to
the point of giving them utterance. Such a calami-
ty is the most horrible torture; it is death by disten-
sion. But enough by way of criticism and propri-
tiation. I pass on to the object for which I arose;
and in endeavoring to accomplish it, I shall avail
myself of the example which has been set by those
who have preceded me in the debate. Overlooking
the subject immediately before the committee, they
have launched off into the wide and tempestuous
ocean of universal politics—they have taken lati-
tude for quantity, ana I shall do the same. If there
be anything wrong, in this—if it shall be charged
that the discussion is an improper waste of precious
time—my answer is that the responsibility rests not
upon me nor upon those with whom I have the hon-
or here to act, but upon our political opponents,
who have thrust upon us the necessity of repel-
ing their assaults. They have provoked the
contest, and they must bear the consequences, politi-
cal and moral. I have been struck, sir, with the sud-
den and extraordinary change which has disclosed
itself in the tone and manner of our political oppo-
nents in this debate. Lately, they were flushed
with hope and arrogant in their 'confidence of suc-
cess : all was certainty. The government was to be
surrendered to their stewardship, by the popular
voice, and their eager lust for spoils, and office was
to be glutted to satiety. Such were the sentiments
felt by them, if notexpressed. But now, terror smites
their knees, and despair clouds their brows. Why
is it that consternation pervades their ranks? Does
"some unborn sorrow, ripe in fortune's womb,"
weigh heavily upon them? Do the skies, lately so
bright and auspicious, "look grimly, and threaten
present blusters?" 1 will tell you, sir, "whence
cometh this alarm." It comes from the Baltimore
convention; it is awakened by the name of James K.
Polk, of Tennessee, as the general and standard
bearer of the democratic party in the opening con-
test for the presidency. His name has drawn their
cartridge, and spiked their cannon, and left them
without the means of attack or defence. All of their
poisoned missiles arc blunted—their cuts, caricatures,
and party speeches, are emasculated, and can find no
application m the new state of things : they are
nonplused, and hence their confusion and alarm.
In their desperate extremity, they now seek to
retrieve their follen fortunes by sowing the seeds of
dissension and disunion in our ranks, by eulogizing
Mr. Van Buren, and deprecating the failure of the
Baltimore convention to nominate him, as an act of
injustice to his superior merit and qualifications.
But the stratagem will not succeed. The democracy,
although honest and confiding, are not such easy
victims to trick and duplicity as this would amount
to. They iove and respect Mr. Van Buren as much
now, m Ins retirement, as they did in the palmiest
days of his power and glory. They believe him to
be a great and good man, a profound statesman, and
a disinterested patriot; yet, in consulting the success
of the great cause with which his name and ser-
vices are so honorably and inseparably identified,
they chose another, whom they believe can more
certainly lead them on to victory and triumph.
They are united on this man, and the arts of their
enemies cannot disunite them; so they may spare
the pains of fuither efforts for that purpose.
My colleague [Mr. Hardin] was much displeas-
ed with the prospect of Mr Van Buren being our
candidate for the presidency; and he therefore wrote
a comedy of errors on his life and character. He
now seems to be still more displeased at the certain-
ty of Mr. Polk being our ca'ndidate; and I suppose
now, for a stronger reason, he will draw on his
magmation for a tragical effusion. He objects to
Mr. Polk on several grounds; and, among the num-
ber, because he voted several years since for the
State bank deposite system. The burden of
his charge in this connection ■ is, that these
banks became defaulters to the government;
and therefore, as Mr- Polk voted to make them
depositories of.public money, he is responsible for
their delinquincies. Now, if my colleague was to
apply this rule of justice to himself, I fear that his
case would be found to be beyond redemption; for
however pure may have been his motives, yet I
very much doubt if any impartial jury of the vicin-
age would not decide that his whole life has been a
political blunder!
But what are the facts in connection with this
charge? A recurrence to the events of- that period
will show. Por-sufHcient reasons, General Jackson,
on the 10th of July, 1832, vetoed the recharter of the
United States Bank, and in the following year caused
the public deposites to be removed from that bank,
and placed in certain State banks. The State banks
at this time were honest and solvent, and had been,
on several occasions before,.safely and advantageously
employed by the government as fiscal agents. And
under the hope and belief tharthey might be again,
it became the policy of General Jackson's adminis-
tration to make them so by law, under proper re-
strictions. In support of the truth of this statement,
1 here submit an extract from a speech delivered by
Mr. Polk, in the House of Represtatives, on the
10th of February, 1835, touching the point. He
said:
"Through the agency of the State banks, the fiscal opera-
tions of government have, during the last year, been eminent-
ly successful. The collcction ot the public revenue, and the
transfer of funds to distant points for disbursement, have
been made bv the deposite bank—promptly, efficiently, and
without charge to the public. Nothing lias been lost to the
tjeasurv. and no part of the public seivice has suffered in-
conveneince by the employment of these agents. All this
has been done, not only without the aid of a national bank,
but against its power, and in defiance of its efforts to crip-
ple their operations, to distress the community, and to em-
barrass the tieasury."
Again, he says:*
"Diuing the period which elapsed between the 3d oi
March, 1811, and the beginning of 1817— during which no
bank of the United States existed, and when State banks
were exclusively employed as liscal agents and public de-
positories—not a dollar was lost to the treasury by the fail-
ure of banks.-"
Afterwards, a bill passed Congress regulating the
deposites of the United States in these batiks.
Among other considerations leading to the adoption
of this measure, was the wilful and reprehensible
conduct of the United States Bank. Although the
bill to extend her charter had been vetoed, yet she
struggled to continue her existence; and for the pur-
pose of effectmg this object, went to work upon a
deliberate plan to convulse and destroy the business
of the country. As her end hastened, her violence
increased; at sudden and rapid intervals the commu-
nity was translated, by her agency, from the ex-
tremes of superfluity and destitution. Hence the
State banks were employed for the time to counter-
act her wicked and destructive schemes, and they
contributed in no inconsiderable degree to do so.
By their, timely interposition the country was
saved from much of the distress which other-
wise would have been visited upon it; for
the time, they regulated the regulator. After-
wards, however, they turned out defaulters to
the government; they faded and became dishonest;
and as they had been employed upon the faith of
their honesty, so the government, upon the evi-
dence of their dishonesty, discarded them; and this
led to the separation of bank and state, and the
adoption of the independent treasury under Mr.
Van Buren's administration—a measure which has
eminently fulfilled the purposes of its design. It is
a fact, however, worthy of notice in this connection,
that the local banks, when they were first employed
as fiscal agents, although at that time solvent and
safe, were denounced by the whig party with un-
sparing violence; yet, when they had failed in their
obligations to the country, and had defrauded the
government of millions, they were embraced by
the same party with favor and affection. At this
time, Mr. Clay stood forth as their champion, and
took shelter under them as a "good half-way house11
to his ultimate and favorite object—a United States
bank; the facts showing that, whilst the banks were
honest, they were repudiated by the whigs; and
when dishonest, they were cherished and supported
by them.
My colleague [Mr. Hardin] charges Mr. Polk
with being opposed to taking measures to maintain
our national rights with regard to Oregon, and
quotes from a speech made by Mr. Polk in C011-
I gress, during the session of 1828-9, to establish the
