COflTft RESSIOfr ,4 T. ~ GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RITES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
SATURDAY, MAY 25, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 39.
[Continued from No. 38 ]
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON,
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of passing a law authorizing
salt from foreign ports to be landed on the right bank of the
Mississippi river, opposite the port of New Orleans.
The following bills were taken up as in committee ofthe
whole, consiueied, reported to the Senate, and finally pass-
ed, viz:
.An act for the relief of James Reid;
An act for the relief of James C. Hallock;
An act for the relief of Joseph Bonnell,
An act for the relief of Levi Colmus,
An act to explain an act passed on the 3d day of March,
1843, entitled an act for the leliefof Elizabeth Gresham;
An act for the relief of John Miller; and
An act to authorize the transfer of the names of pension-
ers from the agencies m the State of Kentucky, to the
agency in Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio
The following House bills were token up as in committee
of the whole, on adverse reports of the Committee on Pen-
sions?, and indefinitely ,-o^tponed, viz:
The bill for the xelief oi Arthur R. Frogge of Tennessee.
The bill granting an increase of pension to Isaac Plum-
mer.
The bill for the relief of Enoch McDaniel.
The bill for the relief of Daniel Dunham.
The btll for the relief of Sally McGraw.
The bill for the relief of Darnel Ingalls; and the
Senate "bill granting an invalid pension to Gideon Foster.
The bill from the House for the relief of Elizabeth Blod-
gett was taken up as in committee ol the whole, on an ad-
verse report of the Committee on Pensions; but without
being considered, was, on the motion of Mr. Huntington,
ordered to he on the table.
The following bills were taken up and considered, as in
committee ofthe whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third leading, via:
The Senate bill providing lor the appointment, and regu-
lating the pay of engineers and assistant engineers in the
revenue service
The House bill for the relief of Lois Cronk or Cronkhite;
[amended ]
The Senate bill for the relief of the heirs of William Fish-
er; and
The Senate bill for the relief of Benjamin Ferguson.
The adverse reports oi the Committee of Pensions m the
following cases were taken up and concurred in, viz: on the
petitions of Nancy Parker, of Wareham Kmgsley, and of
Charles Hughes.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of executive business; and after some time
spent theieon, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
MoNmv, Maj '20, 1844
The journal Raving been read,
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr CAMPBELL ptesented certain resolutions adopted
by a meeting of his constituents, m lavor ofthe annexation
of Texas to the United States. Laid on the table, and order-
ed to be printed.
LAND TITLES IN OHIO.
Mr. St. JOHN gav e notice that he w ould, to-morrow, ask
leave to introduce a bill for the purpose of quieting land
titles in Ohio.
SUB-MARINE TELESCOPE.
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee on Engraving, to
which was reieried the map or diawmg accompanying the
report in relation to the sub-maiine telescope, reported the
following resolution; which was read, consideied, and
agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be required
to procure the plates respecting the sub-marine telescope
to accompany the report on the subject.
On motion by Mr. WELLER,
The House ieaolved itself into Committee of the Whole,
(Mr. Okomgooli. in the chair)
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up the bill
making appropriations for the service of the Tost Office De-
pal tment for tlie fiscal j eai ending the 30th June, 1815
Mr. DEAN moved that the committee take up the bill
regulating the pay of the navv.
>lr, CAMPBELL gave notice tlrat, if the pending motions
failed, he should move that the committee take up the bill
extending the chaiters ol the District banks.
Mr. DAVIS ol Indiana gave notice that, on a similar con-
tingency, he should move to take up the bill to reduce and
giaduatethe price of the public lands.
On putting the question, Mi. MclUv's motion was adopted,
and the committee took up the Post Office appropriation bill,
which \\a* icad.
Mv G DAVISmoved to amend the bill by adding at the
end thereof a proviso thjt no special or travelling Post
Omce agent should rceeive a higher compensation than one
thousand dollars per annum, and two dollars per Joy for
travelhngexpenses.
Mr. D. remarked that a provision reducing the salary oi
these agents to one thousand dollars had been introduced
into the Post Office appropriation bill, at the last session oi
Congress, by the Committee of Ways and Means. He then
voted in favor ofthe reduction., because he believed that one
thousand dollais pei annum, and two dollars per day to pay
expenses, was sufficient compensation^ especially as stage
contractors with the department stipulated to carry its
.'-•rents fiee of charge. The reduction passed *he
but was disagreed to in the Senate. This led to a commit-
tee of conference between the two Houses, of which the
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, (Mr. Fill-
more,) Mr. Botts, of Virginia, and himself, were appointed
on the part of the House. Both tho.se gentlemen, and he
also, strong)' insisted upon the reduction Among other
arguments, they urged that these special agents were em-
ploy ed principally in electioneering, and performed little or
no official duty. Such was the case in their States respec-
tively.
Among the considerations urged by him (Mr. D.) were,
that lie had known an active and most competent agent to
be displaced by the present Postmaster General, and Oman
not so well qualified to fill the place appointed in his stead;
that a fitter man than the new incumbent could be obtained
for one thousand dollars, and that he \\ as unsuited for the
place; that the amount proposed was enough, and if indo-
lent gentlemen and broken dow n politicians were excluded,
and > oung men of activity, alertness, and working pioper-
ties, who knew how to do the business of the place, and
were not above its peiformance, weie sought, they could
be obtained for the proposed salaiy.
The Senate members insisted upon the salary continuing
at fifteen hundred dollars per annum, and the result of the
conference was a compromise, by which it was fixed at
twelve hundred and fifty dollars per annum, with tv.o dol-
lars per day for expenses.
In Mr. D.'s conversation in the committee, he did not men-
tion the na.ne ofthe agent, Samuel M Biown, esq ; he said
nothing deiogatoiy to lus principles or honor; and he had
never heard any imputation of the kind against him, and
had no unfriendly feeling for him. Mr. D. stated, in lew
terms, but very decisively, that Mr Brown was unfit for the
place; and he meant this, and nothingmore—that he had not
the industry, the activity, the alertness, the will to work,
which were requisite in a special agent of the Post Office
Department. Immediately on the adjournment of Congress,
he returned home, and commenced a canvass for re-election,
and a nephew of the Postmaster General became his oppo-
nent. He had heard before he left this city that Mr. Robert
Wickhfi'e, jr., w as to be his competitor.
In the month of May, and when the canvass was waxing
warm, lie (Mr. D) received from this agent, Samuel M.
Brown, esq , a letter dated 27th April,f1843, at New Orleans,
(where, and m the adjacent count) . his duties itquiied him
to be,) containing this paragraph: "A friend of mine writes
confidential as followetn: 'I regret to find that your appoint-
ment was made the reason with Mr. Garrett Davis to urge a
reduction of the compensation of special agents to $1,250,
and $2 per day. It does not hpcome "ie to say to you what was
represented to me by a member as being said of you by Mr.
Davis in a committee of confeiente upon this subject I
wish you did know it, and that you would ask him to repeat
it to you1" Immediate!}' on the receipt of this letter, Mr.
Davis said, he had responded to it, and informed Mr Brown
of the character of his opposition in committee to his ap-
pointment, and requested him to gi\ e the name of his cor-
respondent. This he declined to do, because of the confi-
dential chaiacter of the letter, and expressed some dissatis-
faction with his (Mr D *s) course as explained by himself.
A few weeks thereafter, Mr Brown made his appearance in
his (Mr. D.'s) district, and for two or three weeks attended
the places ofpublic meeting between his competitor and
himself, and took a most active part on behalf of that com-
petitor. He continued this course up to the day when the
blood) afl'iay took place between Cassius M. Clay, esq , and
lum*rtlf, ond in his evidence in a court of justice, Mr Brown
proved that on that day he had not intended to go to the mus-
ter where the affray occurred, until the nephew ofthe Post-
master General, m\ competitor came to the tavern at w hich
he had stopped, and insisted upon his going out Mr Davis
said he was not present when the fight occurred. He did.
and still does, regiet his absence on *hat occasion, because
he wos satisfied that if he had been present there would
have arisen no occasion for it. He feels this regret, because
of the characier of the nthav, because of the pnrties to it,
and especially because of the serious injury m which it re-
sulted to 3 gentleman foi whom he had always cherished
•and yet cherishes kind and friendly feelings. That gentle-
man acted improperly, but was the victim of the machina-
tions of otheis much more wicked, and not so courageous
as himself.
Mr. D. said he was satisfied he saw the Postmaster Gene-
ral in this matter. Some time since he addressed him a note
requesting to know whether he had written the letter to
Mr Brown, from which the previous extract was taken, and
the Postmaster General replied, substantially admitting it.
He then sought a personal interview with Mr. Wickb'fie.
and said to him, ''in writing that letter he had acted cow-
ardly."' He responded "that is a matter ol opinion, Mr.
Davis.'* Mr. D. rejoined, "yes, sir, you acted cowardlv in
writing that letter, and yon have not the coinage to resent
the imputation/' The Postmaster Geneial then passed on.
I have no language of opprobrium to use herein ielation
to him. Recpect for himself, and for the bodj of which
I am a member, would both restrain me if I felt such an
inclination But I have felt it due to myself to state these
facts.
The Postmaster General knew well both Mr. Brow n and
Mr. Bryant, the aaent whom he made Mr. Brown to super-
sede. "lie knew the relative fitness of each for the place,
and he knew further that Mr Brown w as a man of devpeiate
character, w ho had had several bloody aflrayc He w rites a
confidential letter to him at the distance of one fliousand
miles, and Mr Brow n thereupon, m conformity to hi« sug-
gestion, calls him (Mr. D) to account. Shortly after, he
leaves his post and his duty, comes into my district, attends
public meetings m Scott, Jessamine, and "Fayette counties,
and enters ardently into the canvass for the Postmaster Gen-
eral's nephew; and the latter takes him to the scene of polit-
ical and personal strife I leave it to all candid men, wheth-
er the Postmaster General did not detail his subordinate, •
who held place at his will, to make a set upon me. And is
this the service for v  hich these agents are to receive
per annum and two dollars per day} Sir, if those ag-cattf
were forbid, as they ought to be,' such electioneering, 'and
were required to do their duty, irom the nature of then* ser-
vice, and the qualities of the-sort of men who would be irost
suitable to perform it, I am still, as 1 was in the last Con-
gress, of opinion, that $1,090 per annum and £2 a day is
enough 1 therefore submit the amendment.
Mr McKAY was understood to explain that this subject
was before the last Congress; and the 'alary and other re«
muneiation of these officers was limited to $1,2-30. That
was now the law ; and as they weie confidential agents, he
was of opinion that^hey hould be liberailv paid
Mr. RATHBUN moved to stiike out the 22d and 23d lines,
making an appropriation of $.28,000 for the?, special agents,
and the addition of a provision at the end of the bill for the
abolition of the office of special agent.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment was not in
orderwhile the amendment ofthe gentleman liom Kentucky
was pending.
Mr. G. 1X4 VIS withdrew his amendment, in order to re-
move the difficulty in the w ay of the amendment ot the gen-
tleman from New Yoik.
Mr RATHBUX then submitted his amendment; and ho
suppoited it by some observations. He agreed with the
gentleman fiom Kentucky [Mr. (i. D.uis] that the business
pursued by these special agents was political in its nature,
and was the overhauling of the post office lists, turning out
and putting in the local postmasters. In the detection of
frauds on the department, and of robberies of the mails#
they were useless; tor, for many years, in that section of the*
country from which he came, the discoveries had been made 1
by the local postmasters; and yet, useless as they weie,
these agents were a great tax on the country Ihey weie
travelling from one end oi the country to the other at the
public expense, engaging in politics wherever the} went;
and hence, &ince he had seen the w oikmg ofthe system, he
had been in favor of abolishing it.
Mr. HUDSON concurred in the remarks made by the
gentleman from New York. Ihese special agents weie a
class of men that were governed more by peisonal ?nd po-
litical considerations than the public good.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that a fund of $6,000 should be
left, to be appj opnated by the head of the Tout Office De-
partment to remunerate local postmasters and otheisfor
their trouble in discovering frauds on the post office, if the
special agents w ere dispensed with.
Mr RATHBUN acceptcd the suggestion as a modification
ol his amendment.
Mr. McKAY hoped the amendment would not be agreed
to. There had been no examination of this subject bv the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and he
thought the committee should not agree to disband this
class oi officers without some inqunv into the expediency
of such a step, fox they might thereby be opening the door
to frauds and robberies. .
Mr. DOl GLASS said the proposition to dispense with the
special post office agents struck him with surprise and as-
tonishment He believed them to be of great service to th *
department; and that, in no case of fmid or rolbeij'. could
a conviction be secured without their seivices.
Mr. DARRAGH defended the special ogents en the
ground ol extreme usefulness. They were to the govern-
ment what the private counsel was to an individual m the
prosecution of criminal cases. Ihey prepaied the case for
trial, discovered and collected testimony , and a conviction
could not be secured ni anv case without such services.
Mr PAYNE said—
Mi. CiiThe pioposition of the gentleman ficni
New York [Vr. mriv] is designed to deprive the Post
Office Department of a service which it has possessed, and
which has been deemed necessary fiom the organisation ot
the government down to the present moment 'ihe mio) ma-
rion given now from all sides of the House, a'oes far to
prove that the services of those travelling agenn cannot
be dispensed with without certain injury to the public ser-
vice.
L'pon what grounds are we called upon to abolish these
agencies? We are told they are political, and not agents of
the Post Office Department, as connccted with any oi the le-
gitimate business of that department. We are also informed
that those agents recommend appoiutments m the local post
offices of particular persons, who stipulate to perform cer-
tain political service to the administration as a consideration
of appointment, &c.
Sir, I doubt the accuracy ol this assumption. Fust: Be-
cause I am not inclined to believe that the Postmaster C-en-
eu\l or the President would be influenced by any motive of
this character, and have given no such instructions to any
one of those agents; and if they have, I am well convinced
that, m Alabama at least no man of any party would accept
so contemptible a bribe, or sacrifice his principles upon any
such conditions. If there be such a man, lie i* not an Ala-
bamian m feeling, nor is he actuated by the feelings common
to that people.
Sir, 1 regret to seethe course pursued by both the great
parties ofthe nation towaids the piesem administration.
That administration camo into existence under peculiar
circumstances; and it has received extraordinary treatment
from the represcntatn es oi the people from it* beginning to
the present moment If the President veto a bank ball, he
is mstanth denounced as a traitor, and charged w ith the de-
liberate design of sacrificing the mieiest of the country up-
on the altar oi personal ambition.
If a distribution bill is \ etoed, it is magnified into a delib-
erate intrigue to secure his re-election to the presidency.
If a treaty is concluded, adding to the national territory
sufficient for an empire, and necessarj not only to quiet our
internal commotions, but to secure our Gulf possessions
against the dangers of foreign invasion, it is mstantlj-
charged as a deep lajd jntrig'.u to the people out of
