6524
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBIS.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sbss.
Appropriation Bill—Mr., Mc Cletnand.
H. of Reps.
Clay voted for the celebrated compensation act; and,
at the succeeding session, for the repeal. In a
speech which may be found in the National Intelli-
gencer of. January, 1817, he thus laid down the doc-
trine of instruction:
"Mr. Clay said he agreed perfectly in the sentiment, that
instructions given by the people are obligatory on the rep-
resentatives. This was a principle consecrated by the revo-
lution, inseparable from all free government, an(f which he
therefore hoped never to see departed from, in practice, un-
der ours. Whilst, then, he had a seat on this floor, Mr. C.
said it was immaterial how he arrived at the will of his con-
stituents, or what were the evidences of it; it was sufficient
that he should know it. In all cases of expediency, he held
the doctrine of an obligation on his part to observe the in-
structions, express or implied, of his constituents."
Again, on the 14th day of January, 1839, resolu-
tions of the legislature of North Carolina were pre-
sented to the Senate, requesting the senators from
that State to vote to rescind the expunging resolu-
tions, and to distribute the land money among the
States, which they declined to do. Mr. play took
them to task for dereliction of duty; and in a speech
reported in the National Intelligencer of January
16, 1839, thus reiterates the doctrine of instruction:
"And what is the doctrine of instructions, as it is held by
all? Is it not that we are to conform to the wishes of our
constituents? Is it not that wo are to act, not in our own,
but in a delegated character7 And will any who stand here,
pretend that, whenever they know the wishes and will of
those who sent them, here, they are not bound to conform
to that will entirely'' Is it not the doctrine that wc are
nothing rsuwe than the mirror to reflect the will of those
who calfed us to our dignified office' This is the view
which I take of the doctrine of instructions."
What now has been his practice on this vital and
consecrated doctrine? We will see. In 1824, when
the people failed to make a choice of President, and
the election devolved on the House of Representa-
tives, and it became manifest that Mr. Clay himself
could not be elected, the legislature of Kentucky
passed the following resolutions of instruction to
the representatives m Congress from that State, in-
cluding Mr. Clay:
"Resolved, $c. That the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives in the Congress of the United States, from this
State, be requested to vote for General Andrew Jackson as
President of the United States,
"Resolved, as the opinion of this legislature, That General
Andrew Jackson is the second choice of the State of Ken-
tucky for the next President of the United States; that a very
large majority of the people of thin State prefer General
•Jackson to Mr. Adams or Mr. Crawford, and that the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the
United States will, by complying with the request herein
{signified, faithfully and truly represent the feelings and
wishes of the ejood people of Kentucky.^
Yet Mr. Clay, in violation of this instruction and
his own previously expressed opinions, voted for
Mr. Adams, to whom at the time he was perhaps
both personally and politically opposed, and secured
his election and himself the office of Secretary of
State.
Again: at the extra session in 1841, Congress
passed a bankrupt law. It afterwards proved high-
y obnoxious to the country. This, it will be rec-
ollected, was "a link in the great chain of whig
measures" projected and carried by Mr. Clay du-
ring his dictatorship in the Senate. On the 5th of
January, 1842, the House of Representatives of the
Kentucky legislature passed the following resolu-
tions, calling on the senators and representatives of
• that State in Congress to vote for its repeal:
"1. Resolved, That in the opinion of the general assembly
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, it is the deiiie of a
large majority of the people of Kentucky that the bankrupt
law, enacted at the late extra session of Congress, shall be
repealed.
"2. Resolved, further, That our senators in Congieesho,
and they are hereby, instructed, and our representatives
requested, to use their influence to have said law repealed
On the 19th of January, the resolutions came back
to the House from the Senate amended, so as to
read as follows:
"Resolved by the general assembly of the Commonwealth nf
Kentucky, That it is the desire of a majority of the people of
Kentucky, that the bankrupt lav/, passed at the late extra
session of Congress, shall be repealed, or so modified as to
freeitfrom its retrospective operation; and that our sena-
tors and representatives in Congress be requested to use
their influence to obtain such repeal or modification.''
Yet Mr. Clay, dissenting from every other mem-
ber of the State, voted against the repeal of the
bankrupt law.
Mr. Clay, now the advocate of a high tariff, and
the father of the protective policy, as a part of his
misnamed "American system," was in favor of di-
rect taxation in 1820. tiear him. I quote from
Greely and McElrath's Life and Speeches of Mr.
Clay. Speaking of a revenue from imports, he
gays:
"Can any one doubt the impolicy of government resting
golely upon the precarious resource of such a revenue.' It
is constantly fluctuating. It tempts us, by its enormous
amount, at one time into extravagant expenditure; and we
are then driven, by its sudden and unexpected depression,
into the oppositewxtieme. We are seduced, by its flatter'
ing promises, into expenses which we might avoid; and we
are aftervv ards constrained., by its treachery, to avoid expenses
which we ought to make, ft is a system under which there
is a sort o(perpetual war between the interest of the govern-
ment and the interest of the people. Large importations fill
the cofters of government, and empty the pockets of the
people. Small importations imply prudence on the part of
the people, and leave the treasury empty. In war, the rev-
enue disappears; in peace, it is unsteady. On such a system
the government will not be able much 'longer to rely. \\ e
all anticipate that we shall have shortly to resort to sOupe
additional supply of revenue' wtfhin-om selves. I was opposed
to the total repeal of the internal revenue. 1 would have pre-
served ceriain parts of it at least, to be ready for umeigen-
cies such as now exist.''
Again: in 1825 it is said, (and I have never heard
it denied,) in expressing his opposition to Gen. Jack-
son, that he said he "had rather see war, pestilence,
and famine desolate the land, than to see a military
chieftain elevated to the presidency." Yet in 1840,
in his address to the whig young men's convention
at Baltimore, (see National Intelligencer, May 7,
1840,) he said:
"We are all whigs; we arc all Harrison men; we are uni-
ted; we must triumph.
"General Harrison was nominated; and cheerfullj', and
without a moment's hesitation, I gave my hearty concur-
rence m that nomination. From that moment to the pres-
ent I have hod but one desire; and that is to secure the elec-
tion of the distinguished citizen who received the suffrages
of the convention."
At Hanover, he said:
"1 have, on all suitable occasions, repeated this annuncia-
tion; and now declare my solemn conviction that the purity
and security of our free institutions, and the procpeiity of
the country, imperativel) demand the election ©fthnt citi-
zen (General Harrison; to the office of chief magistiate of
the United cmtes "
General Jackson was a lion in the path between
him anil the presidency—General Harrison was a
stepping-stone to it. He was, therefore, opposed
to the one, and in favor of the other.
These are the few of the many political eccentrici-
ties and erratic wanderings of Mr. Clay. On the
score of inconsistency, there is no prominent politi-
cian in the country more vulnerable. The zeal of
my colleague outran his prudence and judgment in
inviting attack at this open and exposed point of
his political fortress. Mr. Clay is for the dismem-
berment of Oregon. He has been for, and is now
against, the acquisition of Texas. He has been
against, and is now for, a United States Bank.
He has been for direct taxation, and now profess-
es to be against it. He has been for anil against the
elevation of military chieftains; and has been on
both sides of the great fundamental right of instruc-
tion. lie has veered and vacillated to every point
of the political compass, according to the impulses
of hate and ambition. He has in turn embraced and
renounced every faith, sect, and creed. Among
Christians he is a devout Christian; and among Mo-
hammedans, Mohammed is the only true God.
I had proposed to say something on the increase
of the public expenditures and the public debt under
the auspices of the whig dynasty of 1840; but my
friend from Alabama, [Sir. Houston,] has so ably
and fully elucidated the subject, that I deem it un-
necessary to do any thing more than allude to it.
It will be recollected that one of the chief charges
made against Mr. Van Buren was the extravagance
of his administration. It was held up to be waste-
ful and profligate, and appeals were everywhere
made throughout the country, by whig essayists
and orators, to eject him from office, that the knife of
retrenchment might be applied. Even Mr. Clay, 111
his celebrated Hanover speech in 1840, reiterated this
charge, and promised, as a consideration to the
country for the election of General Harrison, that
the public expenditures should be reduced from for-
ty millions (the sum stated) to one third of that
sum. (See National Intelligencer, July 15, 1840.)
Yet, how has this universal promise of retrench-
ment been redeemed? Facts will show. Thewhole
expenditure for each year of Mr. Van Buren's ad-
ministration, excluding the public debt and treasury
notes, was
For 1837 - - - §33,808,274
1838 - - - 31,421,098
1839 - - - 24,999.189
1840 - - - 22,351,147
The expenditure under the whig dynasty, exclu-
ding the public debt and treasury notes, has been
For 1841 - - - $26,394,343
1842 ... 23,921,057
1843 - - • 22,560,224
1844 - - 26,877,059
(See annual report of the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, December 6, 1B43, pp. 30 and 31; also Treasury
Report, December, 1843, pp. 30 and 31.)
These tables show that the expenditures, not-
withstanding the heavy expenses of the Florida
war and for the extinction' of Indian titles, were re-
duced from' $33,808,274 for the first year of Mr.
Van Buren's administration, to $22,351,147 for the
last, and in fact he proposed to reduce it to seven-
teen millions a year; whilst the expenditures of the
whigs, for the four succeeding years, although
peace prevailed, underwent no reduction, but were
greatly increased. It is enough to say, in this con-
nection, that th£ public debt has been increased
from $8,36?,890 18, the amount stated March 3,
1841, to $26,742,949 99, the amount stated Decem-
ber 1, 1843. In fact, from a rigid calculation, the
increase will be found still greater. This promise,
therefore, has been violated. But, sir, there is a
reason for it—a political, partisan reason. Ex-
travagance was the lever by which the iron weight
of their ponderous system of bank and tariff was to
be foisted upon the people.
They made another charge against Mr. Van
Buren, that the patronage of government was pros-
tituted to the reward of partisan services. The.
most dolorous lamentations were made over this
crying abuse. The government was to sink into
the dead calm of despotism, and our liberties were
to be overthrown if the alarming aouse was not re-
formed.
They promised to reform it as a condition of their
elevation. But how have they redeemed this prom-
ise. "We find that, no sooner than their chief was in-
stalled in office, the nation was put in commotion
by the universal strife of "the universal whig par-
ty" for the division of the spoils of their victory.
The very dregs of their party were stirred to the
surface, and seemed to find most favor at the throne
of power. Your rivers were choked; your moun-
tain passes were gorged with the influx of office
seekers to the Capitol. As an indifferent spectator,
you would have supposed that they were making a
pilgrimage to some political Mecca, to get remission
of their sms, before final political dissolution; or to
some fabled river, that they might bathe in its wa-
ters, and be healed of their leprosy. They swarmed
from every quarter, east, west, north, and south,
around the executive palace. Hungry and famished,
they howled as rapacious wolves for the loaves and
fishes—the flesh pots of Egypt—until the govern-
ment, with all its patronage, was surrendered as a
prey to their voracity. The work ,of proscription
went on at the rate of 130 per week for the first,
and'at the end of six months, 3,000 democrats had
been removed to give place to as many whigs.
Neither age, condition, nor merit, was regarded; all
were swept away who would not surrender their
potilieal opinions as the price of office. In the gene-
ral carnival, the slaughter was kept up after then-
chief was dead, and before he was buried. Whilst
he yet lay an unburied corpse, James N. Baiker,
comptroller, was icmoved. The restoration of such
a party to power would be the signal for the com-
pletion of the work of havoc, in which they were
only arrested by strife and collisions among them-
selves. Such an event would, as it might justly,,
smite the nation with terror. Mr. Clay advised and
confirmed such of these appointments as came be-
fore the Senate; and how could he do so when, as a
senator of the United States, on the 10th day of
March, 1834, he solemnly denied the power to make
such removals, in the following form? -
ujResolvt<l, 'Ihat the constitution of the United States dees
not vest m the President pov. er to remove ot his pleasure
officers under the government of the United States, whose
offices have been established by law "
I leave the question for htm and the country to
decide.
It becomes me now, Mr. Chairman, as a western
man, before I conclude, to inquire what has been
the course of Mr. Clay towards the settlers on the
public lands in the new States, including my own.
As a native of the "West, I know something of these
much abused settlers. They are a bold and hardy
race of men; they have hewn down your forests,
and extended the limits of civilization and civil lib-
erty; they have been among the first to pour out
their blood in defence of their country in the time
of its need; they have opened rich fields, and built
flourishing cities; they have animated your noble
rivers with floating palaces, and contributed to the
commerce of the nation in the proportion of two-
thirds of its present amount; they ha\e added the
^ wealth and power of an empire to ihe Union. And
