626
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Principles of Mr. Van Buren—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Reps.
*n<5rnj?er, also, that James Madison was the regularly nomi-
and,acknowledgedcandidate of the republican party.
"Well, sir, where do you find this stickler for party usages—
this devoted republican, as his friends term him—in this
crisis of the republican party? . Why, sir, you find him giv-
ang his vote, as a senator of New York, (the legislature then
having the appointment of electors,) for presidential elect-
ors, favorable to Clinton, and opposed to Madison. (See
Holland's Life ofVan Buren, page 119.) You find him sup-
porting this nomination, and standing shoulder to shoulder
•with federalists and peace-party men; with members of the
Hartford convention; with those who denounced the war as
unjust and immoral, and whojsaddened at the news of our
victories, and rejoiced over our defeats; with those who
burnt bluelights on our seaboard, as signals to British ships;
and with a few, who, claiming to call themselves "disaffect-
ed republicans," were doing Mr. Madison and the republican
party more damage in public estimation than all the
avowed federalists in the nation. It was with this motley
crew of
"Black spirits and white, blue spirits and greyf-
—this conglomeration of all the elements of opposition, dis-
;aftection. and treason,—that you find Mr. Van Buren acting
a prominent part in supporting Mr. Clinton, and endeavor-
ing to overthrow the administration of the republican party
under Mr: Madison.
It is true, sir, that after the war was evidently becoming
popular, when it was seen that our government could sus-
tain itself, and when the peals of victory were beginning to
reverberate through the land, Mr. Van Buren suddenly
grew valiant in the fight, supported measures favorable to
the war, and made an able speech in its behalf, as he is very
able to do, whenever he is altogether sure that there is no
further need of equivocating, and that he is spiking on the
popular side.
Jt is apparent, therefore, from sketch of Mr. Van Bu-
yen's course in supporting regular nominations, that he con-
siders them very essential, whenever they can be made to
answer Jus rtwn Views—as to sustain his friend, Mr Craw-
ford, at the expense of General Jackson—but ttoat they
ought to be wholly disregarded when they thwart his
wishes, and are arrayed in sustaining such an incompetent
man as James Madison in opposition to Mr. Clinton, the dis-
tinguished candidate of the federalists and pcacf party.
mr. van buren on banks and currency.
It is the boast of Mr. Van BUren's admirers that he is par-
ticularly orthodox on the subject of banking and currency;
y.nd as all of this House may not l>e apprised of the grounds
on which this admiration of Mr. Van Buren s policj is
based, I will proceed to refresh the recollection of gentle-
men by a recurrence to the record of the facts. Whether
Mr. Van Buren was for or against the charter of the late
Bank of the United States, I have not been able to ascertain
with certainty. If he was then acting-pro few. with the re-
publican party, it is highly probable he was for it, as it is
not a disputed fact that two-tnirds of the members of Con-
gress who voted for the charter of that institution were re-
publicans, while two thirds of the federalists voted against
it. If, however, as is now contended by his friends, he was
always opposed to that institution, we must admit that there
is nothing in his past conduct or opinions to militate against
his being on either or both sides of this question; and it is
the more probable that he was against it, as its creation was
recommended by Mr. Madison, to whose re-election we
have seen Mr. Van Buren wa<? opposed, as were likewise all
the federalists, who dishked both the United States Bank
and James Madison.
But if Mr. Van Buren was opposed to the bank, we find
him soon forgetting all his opposition, and signing a peti-
tion to extend the arms and influences of this ' British mon-
ster" among the people of New York, so that his friends and
neighbors m Albany, where he then resided, might paitici-
patis in its advantages or poison.
The memorial will be found at large, with all the signa-
tures, in Niles's Register of April 19, 1834. Hero aie home
extracts;
"The capital of the banks located here under State corpo-
rations, is entirely insufficient to afford those facilities to
commercial enterprise which the business of the place
would warrant, and which the most cautious pi-utUnce
would justify. * ¥ ' * * " +
"These considerations have induced the citizens of Alba-
ny once more to ask for the establishment of a branch, or
office of discount and deposite, of the Bank of the United
States in this city. v * * < ' • *
The nature of the trade which would be prosecuted here
would, in a great measure, render the bills of a branch es-
tablished at this place the circulating medium of the exten-
sive legions whose produce would be brought to this mar-
ket.
"Inasmuch, therefore, as the establishment of a branch
here would not only be highly advantageous to this city,
but be a source of profit to the parent institution, we hype
that the directors of the United States Bank will estub^Ji
'm office of discount and deposite at this place
•\M. VAN BUREN,
"B. P. BUTLER,
"J. J. HAMILTON'.
"W. L. MARC i.. dtid other*.
"Alsam July 10,
And, in aeooidance with this uigent piayer ol Mr. Van
Buren, the ex-Attorney General Butler, Go\ernor Marry,
-tnd the other signers ol the memorial and friends of the
;>ank, a branch was located at Albany.
Now. sir, when Mr. Van -Buren signed thia petition, one of
i wo things was tiue: he either believed the United Stites
B ink to be a constitutional, useful, and benthc:ai institu-
tion, or else he was petitioning for the extension cf the
branches and circulation of a bank which he believed to be
an unconstitutional, corrupt, and dangerous institution IJis
friends are at liberty to place him on either hoi n of the di-
lemma. It does, however, appear to me that no true friend
of Mr Van Buren will contend that, when he signed that
petition, he believed the bank to be either unconstitutional,
«>ropposcd to the inteiests ofthe people or the wellbemg of
the government On the contrary, if he was at all honest,
he must have believed that the establishment of a branch of
*hat bank m Albany was legal and proper, and would be ad-
vantageous to the community. To believe otherwise is to
make him out too great a knave and demagogue to be wor-
thy the support of any respectable citizen.
Having thus shown that, in 1826, Mr. Van Buren was in
favor of the late United States Bank, the attention of the
House is requested to his views on the subject of
state banks.
Many patent democrats, especially those who are just be-
ginning to cultivate their first democratic whiskers, as well
as those who are blessed w ith conveniently forgetful memo-
ries, now insist that all true democrats always were op-
posed to State banks. And it is now understood to be one
of the fundamental articles of democracy, (at least in those
regions where it is popular.) that the private property of
stockholders in banks should be made responsible for the
notes of the banks. Mr. Van Buren was elected governor of
New York in 1828, when the charters of mbst 'of the banks
in that State were about expiring. He then had a most
favorable opportunity of presenting his views on that sub-
ject, as well as of having them carried out by his political
friends, w ho w ere largely m the majority in the legislature
of the StPto Well, sir, did Mr. Van Buren advise the w hid-
ing Up of these banks > Did he advise that the property of
the stockholders be mad© responsible for the issues of the
banks? No, sir, not a word oi it, on the contrary, he ad-
vises and urges the reeharter of those same'banks; insists
that there was nobody who was in favor of dispensing with
banks, and argues that it is improper to make the property
of stockholders liable for the debts of the bank. But, that
gentlemen may not be incredulous, I will read to them from
the message of Gov. Van Buren to the legislature of New
York, delivered January 6, 1829. See page 6 of the journal.
"To dispense with banks altogether is an idea which
seems to have no advocate; and to make ourselves wholly
dependent upon those established by federal authority, de-
serves none. If these are correct views, the only alterna-
tive would seem to be, between the renewal of the charters
of the sound part of the existing banks, or to anticipate the
winding up of their concerns by the incorporation of new
institutions " * * ^ *•
"But we cannot close our eyes to the difficulties and pecu-
niary embarrassments that must result from suddenly stop-
ping the operations of so many, and so long-established, in-
stitutions. * f * 4 * * *
"The importance of some more efficient safeguard has
been felt by former legislatures, and they have endeavored
to obtain it through the medium of a personal responsibility
of the stockholders. But it is objected that the practical
operation of such a provision would be to defeat the object
in view, by throwing this species of property, and oi course
its management, into the haqds of irresponsible men. "When
it is considered that the dividends do not always, and sel-
dom much, exceed the lawful interest; that the responsibili-
ty which the stockholdeis would necessaiih have to place
in others, would be disproportionate to the advantages
secured, and that it is larely, if ever, possible to reach the
pioperty of those who fail through such means, it is greatly
to be feared that the experiment, if tried, would be unsuc-
cessful. The disastrous consequences necessarily flowing
from such a result need not be stated
Here, sir, we find Mr. Van Buren is the advocate of State
banks, and urging strongly arguments in favoi of their re-
charter. In the same message from which the above ex-
tracts are taken, he suggests the propriety of adopting the
salety fund system; and in accordance with his views, the
legislature rechartered all the banks, and adopted "the safe
tyTund system.*' From this combination of the banks, the
safest possible results were predicted by its friends; but
from the reports made recently bj the comptroller of New
York, as well as from facts now unhersally known, it has
been ascertained that the "safety fund system," like all Mr.
Van Buren's financial projects, was but a splendid scheme
to day/le with its plausibility, but which could not continue
to realize the benelits predicted from it.
"private banking."
Having found Mr. Van Buren the warm friend of State and
national banks, and using his influence to extend both,
there remains but one other d.esenption of banks to lefer to,
and that is prn ate banking To explain his views on this
subject, I will ask your attention to the following extract
taken fiom a note appended by Mr. Van Buren to his letter
to Shurrod Williams, dated August S, lb36. Speaking of
his course when a member ol the New York legislature, he
says:
"finding it impossible to prevent the undue increase of
banks, J mtioduced a proposition to lepeal the restraining
law, and regulating private banking; and m co-opeiation
with Mr. Van Vechtm. a distinguished citizen of this State,
and others, cucceedut m getting it through the Senate, but
it was lost m the House.5"
Here we ihid Mr Vau Buien boasting that he had intro-
duced a moposition • to repeal the lestiammg law,'" which
pn vents privatt' nidiv.du ih fioin inning their ow 11 notes
to be Uf-cd o j a euiicnej . and Mso pioposms to "legulale
pnvate banking"—which to authori/- <>\< ly individ-
ual v. ho wouli fomplj with a few toimt ond ceremonies,
to llood the whole cbur.tx\ with Irs jndiwiual tickets,
which i'lc bt-'tei Liown b\ the ,nppiopriftc ti'le of shin
phuteis. it >ust such 3 t-'y&torn a-; w a^- tned some yeais
since in Kentucky, v\heu I va.s a boy, when every tavein-
kec-i <-•*!. gioco, fHi.l bc-ibi'i, issued bis individual tJt'ke%
which answeied lor a sboit time, v<?i\ well, a* long as 1'.')
holdei of their papci ate his dinner, diank his liquor, or yot
himself shaved in the ta\orns and shops of these piivate
banker-.; but thc\ would neither get him a dinner, quench
his thirst or g( t his face sha"v ed. li he travr lied thirtj n.iie-i
fioai where t'hev wne j^sued Following the inevlable
ttndencj of all such experiments, these notes soon became
depreciated to such a degree, that it required a pocket lull
to buy a do7en apples, and a hat full to pay for a night's
lodging. Such was private banking m Kentucky.
We have had a more recent experiment of "private bank-
ing" in New York and Michigan, which no doubt w ere pred-
icated upon the punciplc proposed by Mr Van Buren.
The slioit period which has elapsed since this "expeinnent"
was tried, has been sufficient to mark the cieation of hun-
dreds of private banks, the flooding of the country with
iheir issues, and the explosion of this bantling of the Great
Magician. Of all the' systems of banking which have ever
been devised in the United States, this has been the most
disastrous to the community,asfar as it was attempted to
be put into operation. It even verged from the disastrous
to the ridiculous. In Michigan, the specie capital of some
of the Red Dog and Wild Cat "private banks," was com-
posed of boxes of Collins's axes,. which were counted by
weight, as so much silver. "And when that famous private
banking institution, after the Van Buren model, "The Sand-
stone Bank," had issued immense amounts fromitsquarries,
it is said it gave notice, that it would redeem its five dollar
bills in whetstones, its tens in grindstones, its twenties in
millstones, and all its notes above that denomination in an
order on the quarry. Such, sir, was the result of Mr. Van
Buren's favorite plan of private banking.
against the united states bank.
Thus far we have seen Mr. Van Buren advocating all sorts
of banks." Asking for the extension of the United States
Bank, recommending the recharter of State banks, and pro-
posing to adopt private banking. We now approach the
period when the United States Bank lull was vetoed, and
the various experiments were commenced on the currency
of the country; and we shall find Mr Van Buren's opinions
undergoing every vaijety of change, and varying from the
the strongest expressions of regard and confidence in banks,
to the extreme of distrustand denunciation.
After General Jackson vetoed the bank bill, Mr. Van Bu-
ven took strong giound against that institution. In Octo-
ber, 183-2, in his letter to the Shocco Springs Committee, he
says:
"I am unreservedly opposed to a renewal of the charter
of the United States Bank, and approve of the refusal of the
President to sign the bill passed for that purpose, as well on
account of the unconstitutionality, as the impolicy of its
provisions. (Holland's life of V. B., page 300,)
for the pet bank system.
When this avowal was made, General Jackson had tdken
strong ground against the United States Bank, and Mr. Vau
Buren, who was then seeking to "follow in his footsteps,"
was but re-echoing the opinions of the President After the
removal of the deposits, (whirh Mr Van Buren oi course
approved, as he did of every thing General Jackson did,) the
pet bank deposite system was adopted. Mr. Van Buren be-
ing then Vice President, we have an opportunity of hearing
from him until his famous letter to Sherrod Williams ap-
peared in August, 1836. We then find him strongly eulo-
gizing the State banks, for giving us a good currency and
for legnlating exchanges, and confidently predicting their
success. He contended that the deposite banks performed
a much greater amount of domestic exchanges than th§
United States Bank, and saya:
"It further appears that these exchanges have in many
cases been effected at lower rates by the deposite banks,
than by the United States Bank.-"'
In speaking of the currency, he says:
"It will not even now, I thmk, be seriously denied, that
the increase ofthe gold coinage andthe facilities of getting
that species of coin, together with the larger denomination
of notes issued by the leading State banks, are abundantly
sufficient for those purposes, and that they can be quite as
conveniently employed in them."
In speaking ofthe safe keeping and transfer of the public
money, he says:
"The official reports of the Secretary of the Treasury
show, first, that the average amount of money annually
transferred by the Bank of the United States from 1820 to
1823, was from ten to lifteen millions of dollais; andthe
amount tiansfened by the deposite banks from June, 1836, to
April, 1836, or about ton months, over seventeen millions of
dollars. In both cases, the operation has been without loss,
failure, or expense And it further appears from the same
souice, that at no previous period has the safety of the pub-
lic moneys been more casefully or securely provided for.
An examination of official documents will, I am well satis*
iied, fully sustain these positions. What foundation, then,
was there for the assumptions upon this pait ofthe subject
which were put forth with so much solemnity and insisted
on with so much earnestness, in the early discussions upon
the subject of the bank! If so much ha>s been done in this
respect, whilst the substituted agency has had to contend
with the most powerful opposition that was ever made upon
any branch ofthe public service, what may we not expect
from it now when it has received the legislative sanction,
and if there be not gross dereliction of faith and duty,
when it must also receive the support of all parties'"'
Here we find .Mr. Van Buren contending that the State
banks answered all the requisite purposes of safekeeping
and transferring the public moneys, as well as of regulating
the exchanges and supplying acunency.
TURNS AGAINTiS THE PET BANK SYSTEM.
Mr. Van Buren was elected to the presidency, but scarcc-
ly had he gotcomfortably seated m the chan uf statebefoic
those vrn deposite banks, which he h- d j-o mu^h bespat-
teied with his praises, when he w as seeking to lender them
popular with the people, exploded With atiemenJous ciash,
tally verifying, by so doing, all that had been piedicttd of
them by the wings; w hilt* j.x the same time they made the
go\ eminent unable to m  et its engagements, and covered
with confusion anddisgrd.ee those who had recommended
thoin to the favoi oi the public .W You Buien finding him
sell unable to row the government along with his bioken
oared pet bank system, convcwd an fxtia v-ession of Con-
gress on tlio 5th September, 1*307, and iveummended the
subtieasury as. a nanacea for tb«* cviis he and his friends
had biought upon the counh j by \n< pri banks and put up
mo.st lugubrious, complaints against the ^r\ scheme which
the yeai before he had so zealously lauded Hear him:
'"Local banks have been employed for the deposite and
distribution of the revenue, at all times partially, and on
three different occasions exclusively first, anterior to the
establishment ofthe first bank ofthe United States, second-
ly, in the interval between the termination of that institu-
tion and the charter of its successor; and thirdly, duringgfhe
limited period which has now so abruptly closed. Ihe con-
nection thus repeatedly attempted, proved unsatisfactory 0i 
