612
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
jfaittee bad expressed no adverse opinion; it merely asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion. Should a motion be made to withdraw the papers,
•with a view of the party submitting them for revision to
the Commissioner of Pensions, he should cheerfully give it
his assent. It would then be in the power of the commis-
sioner to revise his decision, and report the grounds on
which he did so. What he objected to in regard to the
amendment proposed by the senator from New York was,
that, by a resolution of the Senate alone—not a joint resolu-
tion, but the Senate's own fiat—authority was, by a side
■wind, to be imposed upon the Commissioner of Pensions of
reversing his decision. It was either necessary or not ne-
cessary, in order to obtain a revision of the commissioner's
decision, that he should have the authority of Congress.
If it was necessary, it could only be done by joint resolu-
tion; if it was not necessary, the party had only to obtain
leave to withdraw the papers, and then they could be re*
ferredto'th* Commissioner of Pensions(| who could make
such revision as justice demanded.
Mr. PHELPS thought this a plain case, so just in itself
that mere technicalities should not stand in the way. There
"was nothing in the principle of the rule referred to which
could be opposed to it. The rule was to guard -against the
reiteration of applications on the same grounds, m view of
which they had been before rejected, but could not apply to
cases wherfe an error of the executive officer had been point-
ed out, and the claimant merely asked that error to be cor-
rected. The appropriate law organ of the government—
thft Attorney General—had given, as his opinion, that the
Claim was founded on a proper construction of the law. The
Commissioner of Pensions was now of the same opinion;
and all that seemed necessary to obtain justice in the mat-
ter, was an authoritative reference to the matter to him to en-
able him to revise his decision.
Mr. BAYARD further enforced his view of the subject,
that the only proper course was either to let the matter be
presented on a joint resolution, or to adopt the committee's
report, and let a motion prevail allowing the party to with-
draw the papers, and to refer them to the Commissioner of
Pensions, by the party's own volition.
Pending the discussion on this point,
Mr. WALKER called for the special order, and the fur-
* a-r-con*s ^1.on *ke report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, m relation to Mrs, weed's petition, was according-
ly postponed till to-morrow.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order, which
W9s to go into executive session.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, May 21,1844.
The journal of y esterday was read and approved.
The following is the select committee on the petition and
papers of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh
Stewart: Messrs. Cobb, Payne, Rockwell, Bidlack, Clin--
tow, belstrj Stephens, Mathews, and Cx.jngm.4W.
Mr. ELMER, from the Committee of Elections, asked
leave to make a report.
Wkller, at the request of the Speaker, occupied
the Speaker's chair.
- lr. ELMER then presented a report on the petition of
John M. Botts, contesting the right to the seat of John W.
Jonts. The report, which is in favor of the sitting member,
was ordered to iie upon the table and to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK, on the part of the minority of the com-
mittee, asked and obtained leave to present, at a future day,
a minority report.
^ Mr. LEVY asked permission to offer the following reso-
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quesied to communicate to this House by what authority,
and with what purpose, a party of Seminole Indians are
iiow in this city.
The resolution was objected to; and as a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of introducing it would require
two-thirds, Mr. LEVY declined to press the motion.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules, that the
House resolve itself into Committee ofthc Whole. The mo-
tion was withdrawn, however, at the request of
Mr ELMER, who stated that there was a question in re-
lation to the printing of the documents which accompanied
the report of the Committee of Elections, which he was de-
sirous of submitting to the House. He was not directed by
the committee to move the printing of these documents,
"which were very voluminous; but he thought it would be
necessary, to a right understanding of the case by the
House, that they should lie printed; and he would there-
fore submit the motion, and take the sense of the House
upon it.
Mr. E. proceeded to state that it appeared, from the re-
port, that Mr. Jones's majority of the votes given in at the
polls, was 34. Mr. Botts, on his part, challenged the legali-
ty of 287 of the votes for Mr. Jones, and Mr. Jones chal-
lenged the legality of 440 of the votes for Mr. Botts; and
depositions were taken, and submitted to the committee,
respecting the legality of said votes. The committee re-
jected as bad from Mr. Johes's votes 117, and from Mr.
Botts's votes 238; making a balance of 121 in favor of Mr.
Jones; which, added to his original majority ot 34 votes,
gives him a majority of legal votes amounting to 155. A
great variety of documents' had been laid before the com-
mittee, for the purpose of enabling them to decide upon the
legality of those votes. These documents weie now befoie
the House; and it was for the House to determine whether
they should be printed or not.
Mr. SCHENCK requested the gentleman from New Jer-
sey to withdraw that motion for the present; and he made
this request not from any opposition to the printing of the
documents. He desired at the proper time to see the whole
ot them printed; but he had already asked and obtained
leave to make a minority report, and in presenting the
views of the minority, some further examination of the evi-
dence would be necessary,
Mr. DOUGLASS said, as far as he was concerned as a
member of the committee, or a member of the House, it was
immaterial to him whether these documents sliould be
printed or not;but if they-were to be printed'at all, it should
-2??? uat 0?ce'be°ause if the printing were ordered now
 wd,y b« expected to bo done before the end of the
present session, and the effect oi the postponement would
be to defer all further action until-another session.
After some further observations from Messrs. ELMER,
SCHENCK, and R. CHAPMAN,
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK the motion to print was
postponed until Monday next.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, the House resolved itself in-
to a Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dromgoole, of Virginia, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN announced that the first business before
the committtee was the bill making appropriations for the
support of the navy—the question being on „the amendment
offered by Mr. C. Johnson to strike out the appropriation
for the navy yard at Washington.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. DUNCAN moved to lay the-bill befoie the commit-
tee aside, and take up the bill extending the jurisdiction of
the courts of the United States for the Territory of Iowa
over the Oregon Territory.
This question was decided in the negative—ayes 30, noes
95.
Mr. SAMPLE, who had the floor, observed that, as a
western man, he was in favor of the establishment of a na-
val depot on the western waters; but he was not for doing
so by breaking up one at another place. He thought it bad
policy to seek to build up a naval depot in the West by de-
stroying one m the East; and, so far from its aiding the at-
tempt, it would operate to defeat the measure.
Mr. C. JOHNSON asked leave to explain, and said that
such was not his object. As his amendment was misunder-
stood, he would Withdraw it if the gentleman would give
way for that purpose.
Mr. SAMPLE said he wished to make a few more remarks
before the motion was withdrawn. Mr. S. then addressed
the committee for a short space in detailing the advantages
of a naval depot in the western waters.
Mr. ASHE observed that he was absent, from indisposi-
tion. yesterday, when his colleague inlioduced his amend-
ment. He was equally interested with his colleague in get-
ting a naval depot on the western waters; but he did not
approve of the destruction of one establishment of that
kind, in the eastern section of the Union, for the purpose of
getting another established in the West.
He then entered into a long argument, to show the justice
and propriety of establishing a naval yard and depot at
some point on the Mississippi river. He stated the extent of
the navigable streams of the West that emptied themselves
into the Gulf of Mexico, and showed how vastly greater
was the coast watered by western streams than that of the
Atlantic States. He enumerated their steamboats that nav-
igate the western waters; he spoke of their population; he
pointed out the magnitude of their commerce, and reminded
the committee that its only outlet from the Gulf of Mexico
was the Florida straits. He showed how the Gulf of Mex-
ico was surrounded by the powerful naval forces of
foreign powers, whose vessels were ever within a few
hours5 sail of depots and harbors, wherein they could refit
and repair, while our shipping was exposed, without a place
of refuge and repair nearer than the navy-yard at Norfolk.
The Atlantic coast, from Norfolk to Maine, had six well-
appointed naval stations, where munitions of war abound;
while the western waters were left defenceless and disre-
garded. He showed that the West abounded in all the ;na-
Uriel and personnel for the construction of a powerful navy;
and contended that it was due to the western States that a
naval station should be established at Memphis, or some
other point on the Mississippi river.
In conclusion, he would say that he enteitained no doubt
of the passage of a bill having for its object Jthe location of
a navy j ard and naval depot somewhere in the West. He
had too much confidence m the magnanimity and good
sense of this House to doubt it for a moment.
Mr. HAMMET said he agreed with the gentleman from
Tennessee, in the general scope of his remarks, and he felt
confident that the prevailing feeling of the House was to do
full justice to the West. But in his opinion this subject was
not now properly before the committee There was a bill
now upon the table, which had come from another bianch
of this Capitol, proposing the accomplishment of this object.
This bill would before long be taken up, cmd then this dis-
cussion would moie properly arise. As to the proposition
of the gentleman lrom Tennessee, that the navy yard at this
place should be abolished, he could not give it his assent.
Nor could he consent that any navy yard should be abol-
ished, because lie did not believe that there were too maiiy
in existence He trusted this discussion would cease for the
piesent, and if his friend from Tennessee would consent to
withdraw his proposition, he would relinquish to him the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said, that in offering the amend-
ment to strike out the appropriation for the navy-yard at
Washington, he designed simply to present the question as
to the usefulness or necessity of the navy-yard in this citv—
there now being one, the largest in the United States", at
Noifolk. at the mouth of this river. He had always legal ded
the yard here as 3 useless appendage to the navy; and yes-
terday assigned, as a reason lor it. that the money thus
saved to the country would be more readily applied*to the
establishment of a naval depot on the western waters. He
had not expected or designed to ge^ up a debate 011 the bill
for the establishment of a naval depot at Memphis. He did
not, however, regret his motion, since it had the effect of
drawing from his friend and colleague [Mr. Ashe] such an
able defence of the proposed establishment at Memphis,
which he and his colleagues had so much at heart. He
would not debate that question now. When the bill from
the Senate should be before, the House, he might then ex.
press his views. The appropriation bill now before the
House was an important one, requiring further amendment,
and ought not to be delayed by the discussion now going
011; and therefore he would withdraw his amendment, so as
to go on in the examination of the present bill, and not be-
eause"he thought the navy-yard at Washington should be
continued; and further, the motion to discontinue an estab-
lishment would be more proper in another form, and he
sliould take an opportunity of presenting this question to -
the consideration of a committee, and try and get a bill for
that purjy>se; and in ihat form his prospects oi succfiw
would be increased. He concluded by Tfithdrawing the
amendment.
Mr. HUNT offered the following amendment:
Provided, That no more than one-half of the moneys ap.
propriated by this act shall be expended in the naval ser-
vice, or drawn from the treasury previous to the 1st day of
January, 1845, excepting the sums appropriated for im-
provements in the necessary repairs of navy y atds.
Mr. H. said, in the observations which he had to submit,
he intended to confine himself jSrincipally to the considera-
tions which impelled him to offer this amendment. The
bill contained appropriations of five or six millions of dol-
lars. for the naval service, extending from the 30th of June,
this year, until the 1st day of July, 1845, placing at the dis-
posal of the President this large sum, to be available, not to
the end ol the next session of Congiess merely, but for
three or four months afterwards. This, he thought, was an
improper trust, in view of the recent action of the chief
executive officer of this government. The fact had beeu
disclosed, that the executive, without the knowledge or
consent of Congress, had assumed to himself the power of
entering upon a warlike movement against a friendly power.
He thought it would be more proper for the House, instead
of placing new funds m the hands of the executive, to ena-
ble him to consummate and complete the outrage which he
had commenced, to express its decided disapprobation of
the act.
It was not his purpose to enter into the general discussion
of the important question which was now engaging the at-
tention of the other branch of Congress. He felt con-
strained, however, to notice one or two assertions of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] yesterday,
The gentleman had asserted that the annexation of Texas
was necessary for the defence of the South. This \e dis-
sented from altogether. He was not willing to admit that
this country required any extraneous aid for her defence
against any and all of her enemies. Mr. H. commented at
some length upon this point, and concluded by reiterating
his disapprobation of the proposal to place in the hands of
the executive so large a sum to be disposed of at his discre-
tion.
Mr. ATKINSON regretted to tiouble the House with any
remarks of his, after being harassed with a tedious debate,
but he could not keep his seat in justice to those who sent
lum here, and to the country which he loved better than his
own soul, and hear, without reply, propositions so monstrous
as had been advanced this morning. If a stranger had hap-
pened to come into the hall this morning he would be apt to
think that they were discussing the propriety of a war with
Mexico, or discussing the propriety of the treaty lately con-
cluded with Texas, instead of a proportion to put down the
navy-yard at Washington. The gentleman from New York
last up, had offered an amendment to prevent the President
of the United States from exercising authority which had
always been exercised by his predecessors—that of disburs-
ing the public money after it had been appropriated by
Congress. He asked, wherefore the suspicion that this
amendment attempted to cast on the executive1 What had
he done to authorize the suspicion which the gentleman
from New York entertained andrendeavored to excite—that
he did not intend honestly to perform the duties required of
him. but that he intended to involve the country in a war,
which was to terminate in a disruption of the Union? The
proposition of the gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Hunt]
was to prevent the executive from using the funds appro-
priated for the Navy Department until the year 1845. Was
it intended to withhold the use of the public money until
another great captain shall come into the presidential chair7
Was it intended that the executive, no matter what the ne-
cessities of the country might be, should not expend the
public money after its appropriation by Congress for the
uses of the government, and that it should be kept in the
treasury until a certain great man from Kentucky may, by
possibility, fill the executive chair?
Mr HUNT asked leave to explain. He thought there was
good reason to believe, from what he saw, that the executive
-intended to involve the country in a war.
Mr. ATKINSON did not doubt that the gentleman thought
so, and he had no doubt that some gentlemen thought that
-it would be better we should have "war, pestilence, and
famine," rather than that the present executive should be
Continued in office. Itwasnothis province to defend the
executive; but though he had no hand m placing him where
he was, he would defend him when he was unjustly assailed
by those who did put him there. Yes, gentlemen" who had
heretofore lauded Mr. T) lei to the skies as the best and
greatest of men, and who designated him as honest John
Tyler, until the veto power was brought to bear 011 their
favorite measure, now denounced him, because he had car-
ried out those political principles which he had often stood
up in support of on this floor, and for which he had battled
with his enemies during his whole life. For this he was
denounced by the whig party; and the gentleman from New
York was evenunwillmg to trust him with the expenditure
of the public money. He had heard a good deal since he
came here of executive influence, and executive dictation,
but he had never seen any disposition 011 the part of the
executive either to interfere with or influence the mem-
bers of this House in the exercise of their legislative func-
tions.
He would not now s>top to discuss the question of the an-
nexation of Texas, which was more properly the subject of
discussion in the other body; but if the subject should
properly come up, he would support the medsuie, and, in
doing so, would fulfil th« ardent wishes of those he repre-
sented. But to return to the amendment. Suppose the ap-
propriations shouldbe withheld until the year 1845: might not
other questions arise independent of Texas7 end might not
the public service suffer from the inability of the executive
to employ the naval forces of the United States > Our ships*
might be seized on the ocean, or our towns be plundered,
and yet the executive unable, in consequence of this amend-
ment, to employ the force of the government m repelling
aggression. He was not prepared to say that the execu-
tive, m sending a naval and military and naval force to pro-
tect Texas if assailed, had acted improperly. The President
had the right, not to declare war, but he had the right so to
dispose of the navy and aimyof the United States a<; to
guard agkinst attacks of a toie'ign foe. He was not willing
to pass &ay censure on the P/^Mdew for this act: but va-;
