March,"1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"637
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Principles of Mr. Van Buren—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Reps.
eaCh successive-occasion, notwithstanding the various meas-
u^s which were adopted to facilitate or insure success."
* * >. * * *
"Already are the bank notes now in circulation greatly de-
preciated, and they fluctuate in value between one place
and another, thus diminishing and making uncertain the
•worth of property and the value of labor, and failing to sub-
serve, except at a heavy loss, the purposes of business.
With each succeeding 'day the metallic currency de-
creases." *
NEVER DOUBTED THE UTILITY OP STATE BANKS.
We have seen Mr. Van Buren opening his batteries against
the State banks, but the elections of 1837 and 1838, led him
to believe that his popularity was not increased by this
course. We therefore find him, in his message of December,
1838, taking another tack—rather disposed to praise the
State banks again—disclaiming any hostility to them, and
by all means endeavoring to make fair weather with them
and their friends. He says:
"it will not, I am sure.be deemed out of place forme here
to remark, that the declaration of my views in opposition to
the policy of employing banks as the depositories of the
government funds, cannot justly be construed as indicative
of hostility, official or personal, to those institutions, or to
repeat in this form, and in connection with this; subject,
opinions which I have unifortnly entertained, and on all
proper .occasions expressed. Though always opposed to
-their creation iri.the form of exclusive privileges, <tnd as a
State magistrate aiming by appropriate legislation to secure
the community against the consequences of their occasional
Mismanagement, I ha\ e yet ever wished to see them pro-
tected in the exercise of rights conferred by law, and have
never doubted their utility, when properly managed, in pro-
moting the interests, of trade, and through that channel the
other interests of the community."
DENOUNCES ALL BANKS.
During the progress of events, Mr. Van Buren was hoist-
ed outot the presidential mansion in 1840 by an overwhelm-
ing majority of the people. Attributing, as no doubt he did,
his humiliating defeat to his financial experiments, and to
his indirect hostility to the State hanks, lie now casts off all
reserve, and again, chamelion-like, comes out in another
color. This time he runs up the red flag of extermination
to all banks, as at present organized, and tiies toaveit
against them that mighty tonent of public indignation
which had so thoroughly swept him and his partisans from
office, and which was-fast covering them beneath the sands
.of popular contempt.' In his letter, dated 15th February,
1843, to the Indiana committee, he indulges in .no measured
strains ol denunciation. Listento the awful thunders of lus
pen: '
"I am opposed to the establishment of a national bank in
any form, or under any disguise, both on constitutional
grounds, and grounds of expediency."
"The manufacture of paper money has been attempted in
every form, has been tried by individuals, been transferred
to corporations by the States, then to corporations by Con-
gress, engaged in by the States themselves, and has signally
failed in all. It has in general, proved not the-handmaid of
honest industry and well-regulated enterprise, but the pam-
pered menial of speculation, idleness, and fraud. It has cor-
rupted men of the highest standing, almost destroyed the
confidence of mankind in each other, and darkened our
criminal calendar with names that might otherwise have
-conferred honor and benefit on the country. There is
strong ground for believing that such a system must have
some innate incurable defect, of which no legislation can
divest it, and against which no human wisdom can guard, or
human integrity sustain itself.5'
DECLARES BANKS WILL ALWAYS EXIST.
Terms of reproach against banks, whether State, national,
or individual, of a stronger character than tho<se just quoted,
could scarcely be used. To an oidinary mind it would ap-
pear- that the next remark which Mr. Van Buren would
make,"would-be to declare himself opposed to banks and
paper money of all sorts and descriptions. Does lie do it?
Has he ever done it? No, sir, lie has studiously avoided ex-
pressing any such opinion. On the contiary, the very next
sentence following the one last quoted, is the following:
"The history of the past, however, leaves little room for
doubt, that paper money in some form will, notwithstand-
ing, continue to form a part of the circulating medium of
the country."
T^or is this a casual or merely incidental remark, for he
.had previously expressed the same opinion. Heie are ex-
tracts fiom his messages:
"The constitution, however, contains no such prohibition;
and since the States have exercised for nearly hall a century
the power to regulate the business of banking, it is not to
be expected that it will be abandoned.—Message, September
5,1837.
"In a country so commercial as-ours, banks in some form
will probably always exist."—Message, 2d Dectmbet, 1839.
WHAT- KIND OF A CURRENCY IS MR. VAN BUREN FOR?
Now, sir, with all these views of Mr. Van Buren before
us, can any one tell what kind of a currency ho is now in
favor of? He abuses all banks as at present organized, yet
tells us that we always will have banks in some form. I-Ie
deprecates a paper currency, but does not declare himself
opposed to it altogether, or in favor of an exclusive metallic
currency. Perhaps this course is pursued on account of the
high regard Mr. Van Buren entertains for the opinions of
his friends. In some parts of the West, as in Illinois, the
State hanks (which a democratic legislature created to sup-
ply the place of the United States Bank) have exploded, and
Ielt the people without any sound local banks; theie it is
democratic to advocate the exclusive metallic currency. In
New York," Connecticut, JN"ew Hampshire, Virginia, South
Carolina, and other States where they have solvent State
banks," which have been fostered and protected by democat-
ic legislatures, it'is considered a political heresy to advocate
the exclusive hard money currency. And as Mr. Van Bu-
ren truly says, "the history of the past leaves no room for
doubt that banks in some form will aiway s exist." Whilst,
therefore, he consulted his feelings, and probably his spite,
in denouncing the banl^s, he was careful to consult policy
in not going so far but that he left a loop-hole to do"dge out,
if he should desire to take a new position.
A QUERY. ,
Let me here pause and make air inquiry which is na-
turally suggested" in this connection. If Mr. Van Buren's
favorite system of individual banking has been found
to-be a failure, if State banks will not answer the purposes
ofthe people, if-left to their own action, as experience
shows to be the fact; if, as is certainly true, a United States
bank, during the forty years of its existence, did answer all
the purposes ofthe government and people, in providing a
'uniform currency, regulating exchanges, and transferring
the public money; and if we are never to he without banks
of some sort—it is respectfully asked what kind of banks
had we better have? Would it not be much wiser and safer
to follow in the footsteps of General Washington, and the
framers of the constitution, who created the first L'nited
States States bank; and of James Madison, and the repub-
lican party of 1S16, who established the last L'nited States
bank, then to place Mr. Van Buren and his followers in
power again, to'try some more unheard of experiments on
tbe currency and prosperity of the people, which would
again inevitably pr-oduco the same spasms, dyspepsia,
and prostiatlon in the body politic, as were produced by
their quack nostrums during his administration?
A BUNDLE OF INCONSISTENCIES.
But, sir, let us turn back and look over the extracts I
have given from Mr. Van Buren's writings on the subject of
banks and currency, and see whether such a bundle of in-
consistencies was ever heaped together by any one man in
the world upon a single subject. He was for extending the
branches of the United States 'Bank, because it was a use-
ful institution. He avows himself opposed to this same
bank on giounds of constitutionality as well as of expedi-
ency. He recommends the recharter of thirty State banks
—eulogizes the deposit banks for their keeping safely the
public moneys, and for regulating the exchanges and cur-
rency—then pioclaims them unsafe depositories of public
moneys, and not woithy tfe betiusted lie is the advocate
and proposer ot individual banking, yet places this system
by the side of State and national banks, and denounces the
whole system as the "pampered menial of speculation, idle-
ness, and fraud " With the next breath lie proclaims that
we aie never to be without some system of banking and
paper money; and after writing letters and messages with-
out number, lea\ es us iltogether in the dark on the import-
ant question, whether he is in favor of any kind of banking,
or whether he goes for the exclusive hard money. Can
anyNgentleman conceive of any system of tergiversations,
inconsistencies, and contradictions, tocxceed this? On this
•#ubject Mr. Van Bt r en has turned more someisets than any
proficient in "the divine art" of ground and lofty tumbling.
If you, Mr. Speaker, had stood still whilst he was perform-
ing hiA gyrations around you, you would have seen him,
m turns, on your right hand and your left—before jouand
behind you; sometimes on his heels and sometimes on his
head And if you would now endeavor to put your finger
on him, you would find him not there, but in the act of per-
forming some surprising evolution; and whether he would
light on your right hand or left—on his head or his heels—'
you could not possibly tell. In his political life, he has
"boxed the compass." And this, sir, is the man that, in the
present emergency of the government, it is sought to place
at the helm of state7 When we inquire what course he
will steer, we are referred to the tortuous course of his past
life; and whether lie would Bleerthe ship ol state a straight-
forward, an - angular, or circuitious route, no man can pre-
dict But yet, all will agree that he would adopt the
"Ericsson propeller principle," which screws itself for-
ward, or, by reversing its motion, screws itself backwards,
according as the winds and tides of popular opinion might
seem to require in order to keep himself within the channel
of public favor.
THE SUB-TREASURY.
Shortly after Mr. Van Buren came into power, the pet
banks, which he had previously eulogized, tailed. He had
comitted himself against the constitutionality ol a national
bank, and he therefore seems to have leit bound to recom-
mend some untried expenment This he found prepared to
his hand in the sub-tieasury project proposed by Mr Gor-
don, of Virginia It is true, that when it was first offered by
that' gentleman, in 1831, the w hole loco party in Congress,
with a solittuy exception, voted against it It was de-
nounced m the lln hn.ond Knquirti and in the Globe in the
following unmeasured terms:
"The proposition is disorganizing and revolutionary, sub-
versive oi the fundamental pimciples ot our government,
and its entire practice from 1789 down to this day. It is as
palpable as the sun, that the effect of the scheme would be
to bring the public treasure much nearerthe actual custody
and control of the President than it is now, and expose it to
be plundered by a hundred hands where one cannot now
jeach it I i"
Notwithstanding his party were thus committed against
this scheme, Mr. Van Buren presuming he had no other
alternative, in his first nies&yge to Congress, and in three
succeeding ones, presses upon it the adoption of this sys-
tem. If someol his arguments are not very forcible, they,
at least, deserve credit for great originality as recommenda-
tions to the tav or of the American people. For instance, in
his message of December 29. 1S39, he saj
"From the results of inquiries made by the Secretary of
the Treasury, in regard to the practice among them, I am
enabled to state that, in twenty-two out ot twenty-seven
foreign governments, from which undoubted information
has been obtained, the public moneys are kept in charge of
public officers. This concurrence of opinion in favor of
that system, is, perhaps, as great as exists on any question
of internal administration."
By urging this and similar arguments upon his friends,
the sub-treasury bill was finally passed in the winter of
1839-40. Although then for the first time adopted by law,
it had been in practical effect during nearly all of his ad-
ministration. From the adoption of the system, his friends
predicted the most salutary results to the government and
people. But if any good, either to the community or gov-
ernment, did result from the adoption of this sjstem, the
history of it is to be found in the Apocryphal accounts of
the Giobe and Expositor It is evident that the officeholders
under the government would be benefited' by it." as their
salaries were "not curtailed, and the value of their pay was
greatly enhanced by the agitation of this subject. They
naturally supported it. But the most searching'scrutiny
has never yet been able to show the working and trading
masses of the people how they were benefited by it. The
doctrine was-distinctly advocated, in «ubstance, that there
should he one currency for the government and another for
the people. And, in the emphatic language of a distin-
guished friend of Mr. Van Buren, it was said, that "the gov-
ernment should take care of itself, and the people of them-
selves." My limits will not permit me to enlarge upon this
subject. Before leaving it altogether, I will quote Mi. Van
Buren's opinions on the duty ot the government to create a
currency of general circulation, -and provide a plan to reg-
ulate the. exchanges oi the country. Jn his message of-atli
September, IS37, in w riting on the subject of the currency,
he says:
"All communities are apt to look to the government for
too much."
"If, therefore, I refrain from suggesting to Congress any
specific plan for regulating the'exchanges ofthe country,
lelieving mercantile embarrassments, or interfering wath
the ordinary operations of foreign or domestic commerce,
it is from a conviction that such measures are not within
the constitutional province of the general government; and
that their adoption would not promote the real and perma-
nent welfare of those they might be designed to aid."
It will be recollected that this was said at the time that
the State banks had suspended specie'payment; and from
this,, and other expressions of Mr. Van Buren, h is manifest
that he holds that it is not within the province of the gov*
ermuent to make a bank, or adopt any other means o( regu-
lating the exchanges, or creating a national currency to he
used in the operations of foreign or domestic commerce."
MR. MADISON1S OPINIONS.
In contrast with these views of Mr Van Buren, I wJl ask
attention to the opinions of President Madison
In 1816, the State banks had suspended specie payments,
as'irr lfc>37, and the experiment of using them as the fiscal
agents of the government had failed, as it always has done.
James Madison was then President. Did lie tell Congress
that they had nothing to.do with these subjects Far
from it- he entertained no such opinion. And it may
be well worthy of the consideration of gentlemen to
inquire, who is most likely to understand the intention
and meaning of the constitution, James Madison, Mho did
more in creating that instrument, and in obtaining its adnp.
tion, than any other man, and -who has justly been styled
"the father of the constitution," or Martin Van Buren, the
sage of Lindenwald?
ButletMr. Madison speak for himself. In his message of
December 5,1815, he says:
"It is, however, essential to every modification of the
finances, that the benefits of a uniform national curre-nry
should be restored to the community. The absence of *the
precious metals will, it is believed, be a tempoiary evil; but
until thev can be rendered the general medium.of exchange,
it devolves on the wisdom of Congress to provide a substi-
tute. which shall equally engage tire confidence, and accom-
modate the wants, of the citizens throughout the Union. If
the operation of the State banks cannot produce this result,
the probable operation of a -national bank will merit consid-
eration."
Mr. Madison, in his message of the 3d December, 1816,
says:
"But for the interests of the community at large, as well
as for the purposes oi the treasurv, it is essential that the
nation should possess a currency ol equal value, credit, and
use, wherever it may circulate. The constitution has en-
trusted Congress, exclusively, with the power of creating
and regulating a currency of that description; and the meas-
ures which were taken during the last session, in execution
ol this power, give ever} promise of success. The Bank of
the United States has been organized under auspices the
most favorable, and cannot fail to be an important auxiliary
to those measures."
THE ELECTIVE FRANCHISE.
In 1621 a convention was called to amend the constitution
of the State of New York, of which Mr. Van Buren was a
member. The subject of the elective franchise came upjor
consideiation, and I will give some of Mr Van Buren's
votes and speech® on tins subject, taken from "ihe
Debates of the New York Convention," which I Lave
found in the congressional library, and the correctness of
which no one disputes. I will begin with, the
Whites first—A proposition being under consideration,
that everv male citizen aged twenty-one. &c , who "shall
hove been for the vear next preceding assessed, and shall
have paid a tax either to the State, county, or on the high-
w ays," shall be entitled to vote, (see page 20*)—
General Talmadge moved to strike out "or on toe high-
ways," which would have excluded from voting those per-
sons who woiked on the highways, but who had not paid a
tax. The vote stood—ayes 68, na> s 4S, (see page 283 ) Mr.
Von Buren voted in the affirmative.
Mr. Wheeler offered this proposition, (see page 270:)
"And also every other male citizen of the age of twenty-
one vears, who shall have been three years an inhabitant of
the State, and for one year a resident of the town or city
where he may offer his vote, (paupers and persons under
guardianship excepted)"
The vote on this amendment stood—ayes 63. -nays 65; Mr.
Van Buren voting in the negative, (see page 287.)
The above two propositions were under consideration at
the same time. General Root opposed the first amendment,
and advocated the last. In the course of his remarks, (page
277,)
"He (General Root) enlarged upon the remaiks of the
gentleman from Niagara, (Mr. Russell,) who mentioned two
instances in his town where two r?volutionor> soldier-
