628  .
28th Cong—1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
Principles of Mr, Van Buren—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Reps.
patriots, one/ of whom fought with. Montgomery tinder the
walls of Quebec, and the other under Wayne at . Stony
Foiat; would be disfranchised if this provision were stricken
50Ut.2
Mr. Van Buren was not satisfied with voting against Mr.
"Wheeler's proposition, and for General Talmtfdge's, but he
also made a speech on-the occasion in answer to General
Root—all of which I will now read, (see page 277.)
"Mr. Van Buren observed, that it was evident, and indeed
sortie gentlemen did not seem disposed to disguise it, that
the amendment proposed by the honorable gentleman from
Delaware, (Gen. Boot,) contemplated nothing short of uni-
versal suffrage. Mr. Van Buren did not believe there were
twenty members of that committee, who, were the naked
question of universal suffrage put to them, would vote in its
favor; find he was sure its adoption was not expected, and
would not meet the views of their constituents."
"Mr. Van Buren then replied to a statement made yesterday
by his honorable and venerable friend from Erie, [Mr. Kus-
sell,] in relation to the exclusion of soldiers who had fought
at Quebec and Stony Point, under the banners of Montgome-
17 and Wayne. And he felt the necessity of doing this because
such cases, urged by such gentlemen as his honorable
friend, were calculated to make a deep and lasting impres-
sion. But, although a regard for them did honor to that
gentleman, yet it was the duty of the convention to guard
against the admission of those impressions which sympathy,
in-individual cases, may excite, it was always dangerous
to legislate upon the impulses of individual cases, where
the law about to be enacted is to have a general operation.
With reference to the case of our soldiers, the people of this
State, and country, had certainly redeemed themselves
from the imputation that republics are ungrateful. With an
honorable liberality, they had bestowed the military lands
upon them; and, to gladden the evening of their days, had
provided them withpe&sions. Few of those patriots were
now living, and, of tnatfew, the number was yeaily dimin-
ishing. In fifteen years the grave will have covered all
those-who nov; survive. Was it not then unwise to hazard
awholesoro'e restrictive provision, lest in its operation it
might affect these few, individuals for a very short time?
He wc *uld add no more. His duty would not permit him to
}ess."
"One word on the main question before the committee.
We have already reached the verge of universal suffrage.
There was but one step beyond. And are gentlemen pre-
pared to take that step * We were cheapening this invalua-
ble right. He was disposed to go as far as any man in the
extension of rational liberty; but he could not consent to
undervalue this precious privilege so far as to confer it,
with an undiscriminatim* hand, upon every one, black or
white, who would be Kind enough to condescend to ac-
cept it.''
Again, on page 284, Mr. Wheeler made a speech "in favor
of universal suffrage.'"
"Mr. Van Buren occupied the fioor some time in ex-
pressing his sentiments decidedly against the amendment,
and against universal suffrage. We are hazarding every-
thing by going to such lengths in the amendments; the peo-
ple would never sanction them."
It is proper to remark that there were three parties in the
convention on the subject of the right of suffrage. One was
for requiring a voter to possess a freehold qualification, ano-
ther for universal suffrage, as it is now enjoyed in nearly all
the States; whilst a third was opposed to both, and required
that a man should pay taxes, or be a householder, to be en-
titled to a vote. Mr. Van Buren belonged to this last class.
He explained his views and principles again in a speech to
be found on pages 367 and 368, in which it will be seen he
changed some of his ground, as usual. Here are some ex-
tracts:
"Mr. Van Buren said, that as the vote he should now give
on what was called the highway qualification would be dif-
ferent from what it had been on a former occasion, be felt it
a duty to make a brief explaBation of the motives which
governed him. The qualifications reported by the first com-
mittee were of three kinds, viz:—the payment of a money
tax, the performance of military duty, and working on the
highway. The two former had met with his decided ap-
probation; to the latter he wished to add the additional
qualification, that the elector should, if he paid no tax. per-
formed no militia duty, but offered his vote on the sole
ground that he had labored on the highway, also be a
householder. And that was. the onl> point in which he dis-
sented from the report of the committee. To effect this ob-
ject, he supported a motion made by the gentleman from
Dutchess, to vStrike out the highway qualification, with a
view of adding 'householder.5"
Y * * - T
"At this moment, he would only say, that among the
many evils which would flow from an unrestricted suffrage,
the following would be the most injurious, vi/:
"First, it would give to the city of New York about tw en-
ty-five thousand votes, whilst under the liberal extension of
the right of the choicc of delegates to this convention, she
had but about thirteen or fourteen thousand. That the char-
acter of the increased number of voters would be such as
w ould render their elections rather a curse than a blessing,
which would drive from the polls all soberminded people;
and such, ho was happy to find, was the united opinion, or
nearly so, of the delegation from that city
Mr.Van Buren. it will be seen, was not only opposed to uni-
versal suffrage, which would ha\ e added 12,000 voters in the
city of New York,but this "exemplar of democratic princi-
plub*' says, that the character of these poor voters was such
—so abominable, so disgusting, forsooth—as would render
their elections rather a curse than a blessing, and would
drive from the polls all soberminded people. A beautiful
and exalted opinion, indeed, has he of that great mass of our
population which abounds everywhere, and which he esti-
mates in the cities at nearly.half its adults! The character
of this population he considers such, that the iear of contaet
"with them at the elections would drive this "exemplifica-
tion of the democracy" from the polls, and other sober-
minded people, who, like himself, consider themselves de-
graded by coming into contact with the vulgar poor. So
very degrading does he appear to deem it, that even a rich
negro would not lower himsHf by associating with thi« \ul*
' It is apparent that Mr Van Buren did not consider any man
qualified to vote, unless he had some property on which to
pay a tax, or was strong enough to muster and to work on
the highway; and that he thought a man should have proper-
ty sufficient to be a householder, "also, if he offered to vote
because he worked on the roads. Physical strength, and
the possession of' propertv or money to pay taxes, were
evidently his criterion of qualifications. And the idea
which we in the West consider as the true tests of qualifi-
cation, is scouted throughout all his speeches: that services
rendered in defence of the country, intellect, and virtue,
with the fact that a man may at any time be called upon
and forced to defend the country, work on the roads, and
act as jurors, justly-entitles every white freeman to vote.
Having examined Mr. Van Buren's views on the right of
white citizens to vote, we may turn our attention to the
Negioes, fost.—'The committee proposed to confine the
right of voting "to every white male citizen, &c. (see page
134) Mr Jay moved to strike out the word ^white,"
which would permit negroes to vote. The question was
decided in favor of the negroes—ayes 63, nays 59; Mr. Van
Buren. voting in the affirmative, and in favor of the negroes
having a vote. (See page 202)
Subsequently Mr. Briggs moved to insert the word
"white" as a. qualification. (See page 364.)
"Mr. Van Buren was in favoi of the plan proposed by the
select committee, and opposed to the amendment"
To show that this question was fully presented before the
convention, an extract or two is given.
Colonel Young said:
"No while man will stand shoulder to shoulder with a
negro in the train band or jury room. He will not invite
him to a seat at his table, nor inMiis pew in the church.
And yet he must be placed on a footing of equality in the
right of voting, and on no other occasion whatever, either
civil or social." (Page 191.)
Mr. Briggs, in reply to Mr. Jay, said:
"That gentleman had remarked, we must all ultimately
lie down in the same bed together. But he would $sk that
honorable gentleman,' whether he would consent to lie
down, in life, in the some feather-bed with a negro > But it
was said the right of suffrage would elevate them. He
would ask whether it would elevate a monkey or baboon,
to allow them to vote." (See page 365.)
Notwithstanding these appeals, Mr. Van Buren, being "a
northern man with southern principles," stuck to the
negroes. The only difference between Mr. Van Buren and
his southern friends being, that they are for keeping negroes
slaves, whilst he was for making them voters. This is but
a slight democratic difference of opinion, easily settled by
the Baltimore convention.
In fixing the qualifications of voters, it was proposed that
all blacks should vote who possessed a freehold estate of
$^0, and they were exempted from taxation to that extent.
This provision was supported by Mr. Van Buren in a speech
to be found on page 376.
"Mr. Van Buren said he had voted against a total and un-
qualified exclusion, for he would not draw a revenue from
them, (the negroes,) and yet deny to them the right of suf-
frage This provision met his approbation, lliey were
exempted from taxation until they had qualified themselves
to vote. The right was not denied to exclude any portion of
the community, who will not exercise the right of suffrage
in its purity. This held out inducements to industry and
would receive his suppoit." (See also Holland's Life of Van
Buren, 183.)
I(i, ojiet ation.—We have examined the views and princi-
ples of Mr. Van Buren on the right of suffrage, and let us
now see how it would operate in practice. We will suppose
an old soldier who had served under Wayne at Stony Point,
or been wounded under Montgomery at Quebec, who was
unable to work on the highways, too poor to pay a tax, too
old to muster, and, residing with his children, he would not
be a householder, suppose that such a man should apply to
vote at a poll where Mr, Van Buren should be a judge of
the election. He would urge that he had fought the battles
and suffered in delehce of his country; lie could say that he
had once owned property, but the wants of old age had
caused him to expend it, and he was now too old to work,
but he knew he ought to have a right to vote. Mr. Van Buren
would leply, with that suavity of manner for which he is so
distinguished* "My good sir, 'In fifteen yews the grave
will have covered (3 ou and) all those (patriots of the revo-
lution) who now survive.' 'it is unwise to bayard a whole-
some restrictive provision, les>t, in its operation, it might af-
fect (vou and) these few individuals for a very short time '
(See "page -277) So please get out of the way, my good old
soldier, foi this ic spectable gentleman ofcolor, with the gold
guard chain, satin stock, and handsome dancing pumps. lie
is a man of substance, and a good democrat, and although
he has made his money by playing the fiddle, 5 et I know he
possesses a freehold estate worth $250, w hieh abundantly
qualifies him to vole " The old soldier would have to hob-
bJe out of the way, whilst the democratic gentleman of color
gave m bis vote.
Such would be the operation of Mr Van Buren's demo-
cratic opinions of the qualifications of voters, and as the
gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Dcvc \x] seems to have a great
pcnchant for pictures, I would advise him to have a sketch
of this scene executed, to accompany the next edition of his
speech, as this '"exemplification of democracy" will doubt-
less add greatly to the popularity of the "exemplar of his
principles,5' and will exhibit to the eye how successful!}
Mr. Van Buron has "reflected added lustre upon democra-
cy;" and Jest the honorable gentleman should omit it, 1 will
have one executed, to accompany his pretended coon 011 its
travels through the country.
ELECTION OF JUSTICES OF THE TRACK BY THE PEOPLE.
In many of the States it is held to be anti-democratic to
be opposed to the election of justices of the peace by the
people. This question was brought before the New York
convention. Mr. Van Buren made a speech against this
proposition, and said:
"It was not io be disguised that that part of the report
before the committee relating to tS? appointment of justices
of thw pep,oe W8* by t«y the most important feature in <he
report. If that was settled, the remaining part would be
got along with very easily. Some had thought that these
magistrates ought to be elected, but he had-€it all times been
opposed to their election."
"He did not believe it would be benefiting the people to
extinguish one great fire, and enkindle fifty-two smaller
ones. The farther this power Could be removed from the
people the better. He could not, therefore, consent to -the
proposition of the gentleman from Oneida, (Mr. Piatt.]"—
Pages 321 and 322, Debates New York Convention-
THE MISSOURI QUESTION.
It is well remembered that the question of the admission
of Missouri into the Union as a slave State, shook this
whole nation to its centre. Rufus King, a distinguished
federal senator from New York, took a most decided stand
against its admission. During the agitation of this question,
Mr. Van Buren took a most activc part in favor of t'pe re-
election of Mr King, and he was accordingly elected. In
January, 1S20, the legislature of New York passed a resolu-
tion instructing their senators, and requesting their repre-
sentatives in Congress, "to oppose the admission, as a State
in the Union, of any- territory not- comprised within the
original boundary of the United States, without making the
prohibition of slavery therein an indispensable condition of
admission*"
This resolution passed the Senate (of wuich Mr. Van Bu-
ren was a member) unanimously. Mr. Holland, in his Life
of Mr. Van Buren, page 144, says:
"The Senate concurred in this resolution without divi-
sion or debate, and among them Mr Van Buren; though it
vras not brought before the legislature by his agency. Still
he must be regarded as having concurred, at that time, in
the sentiment of the resolution thus adopted by the legisla-
ture "
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA.
In his letter to Junius Amis and other, dated 6th March,
1836, in writing upon this subject, Mr. Van Buren says:
"1 owe it, however, to candor, to say to you, that I have
not been able to satisfy myself that the grant to Congress in
the constitution, of the power of 'exclusive legislation in
all cases whatever' over the federal district, does not confer
on that body the same authonty over the subject that would
otherwise have been possessed by the States of Maryland
and Virginia, or that Congress might not, in virtue thereof,
take such steps upon the subject in this District as those
States might themselves take within their own limits, and
consistently with their rights of sovereignty.
"Thus viewing the matter, 1 would not, from the lights
now before me, feel myself safe in pronouncing that Con-
gress does not posses the power of interfering with or abol-
ishing slavery in the district of Columbia" + * *
"I do not hesitate to give it to you as my deliberate and
well considered opinion, that there are objections to the ex-
ercise of this power against the wishes of the slaveholding
States, as imperative in their nature and obligations, in reg-
ulating the conduct of public men, as the mo&t palpable
want of constitutional power would be.'*—Holland s Life of
Van Buren, 3.)0.
Although this opinion of Mr. Van Buren has been well
known for years, yet I am not aware that any man knows
what are his opinions upon the right and duty of Congress
to receive and consider petitions for the abolition of slavery
in thf District of Columbia and the Territories. His zeal-
ous friends from the North are the advocates of their recep-
tion and consideration, whilst his warm friends at the South
are as violent against their reception. Peihaps the diffi-
culty is easily reconciled from the fact that he is said to be
"a northern man with southern principles," to which might
well be added, "and of colored opinions.-"
Mr. Van Buren's position on this subject was well illus-
trated by a Tennessee stump-speaker, who tells this story:
A farmer had missed a number of his hogs, and suspected an
idle fellow, who was magician enough to keep a plenty of
ment, without working any So he watched one day, and
followed him into the woods, and saw him raise his gun,
and shoot dow n one of the farmer's finest hogs. As the
rogue ran up, and was just stooping down to cut the hog's
throat, the farmer stept up to him and laid his hand on him,
remarking, "Well, my good fellow, I have caught you kill-
ing my hogs this time." "Yes," said the rogue, jumping up
with a look of terror, "and I will kill every one of \ our
fighting hogs, if they come a boo-hooing at me Mr
Van Buren acts with just the same tact. Whilst he was
leaning forward, whispering to the IN'orth that, from the
lights now before me, 1 believe Congress has a right to
abolish slavery mthe District of Columbia, the South step-
ped up and touched hi% shoulder, and inquired, "-What is
that you say "Oh said Mr. Van Buren, turning around
with the politest bow imaginable 'I'll veto it—1 assure
you, I will veto any abolition bill they raoj bring to bam-
boozle me I''
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Attention is now requested to Mr Van Buren's theory on
the subject of internal improvements, and afterwards wu
will turn our attention to some of hi< practices.
On the lyth December, 1335. Mr Van Buren offered the
following resolution in the Senate:
Rzsolrtd, That Congress does not possess the power to
make roads and canals within the respective States."
At the fame time he offered an amendment to the consti-
tution, prescribing and defining the power Congress shall
have over the subject of internal improvements.
On the 21st April, 1826, Mr. Van Bui en, m making a speech
against an appropriation of the Louisville canal, said.
"The aid of this government can only be afforded to these
objects of improvements m three ways: by making a road
or canal, and assuming jurisdiction, bj making a road or
canal without assuming jurisdiction, leaving it to the State,
or by making an appropriation, without doing either. In
his opinion the general government had no right to do
either; and at some future time he should offer his reasons
in support of this opinion.**—Holland's Dfe oj VanJJurru,
p.W.
