CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Senate would sustain him in his motion. As a means'of
saving time, and in order to prevent a discussion which
would be useless—a discussion which would produce no
change oi opinion on either side of the Senate—it had been
suggested by one of his friends <?n that side of the house,
that he should move to lay the bill on the table, and an.
Bounce that it should be considered a test vote—those
voting to lay it on the table meaning by their vote to ex*
press the opinion that the bill ought to be postponed indefi-
nitely, and those opposed to express the contrary opinion.
However, he did not know the sense of those who were in
favor of his motion, or whether it was the desire of the
Senate that the bill should be discussed, or whether they
would desire to express their opinion on the motion to lay
the bill on the table; and, until there was some further man-
ifestation of the wish of senators, he would not make that
motion, but let the original motion stand, and have the vote
taken upon it.
The question was then taken on the motion of indefinite
postponement, and resulted—yeas 25, nays 19,-asfollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Berrien, Choate, Clayton, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Hanne-
gan, Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum,
luiller, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Upham,
White, and Woodbridee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby,
Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Haywood,
Huger, Lewis, Mies, Semple, Sevier, Stuigeon, lappan,
"Woodbury, and Wright—19.
So the bill was indefinitely postponed.
The following bills were read the third time, and passed,
viz:
The bill for the relief of the heirs of William Fisher.
The bill for the relief ol'Benjamin Ferguson.
The bill providing for the appointment and regulating the
pay of engineers and assistant engineers in the revenue
service.
The bill regulating the landing of foreign merchandise on
the right bank ol the Mississippi river, opposite New Or-
leans.
Oft motion of Mr. ARCHER, the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of executive business; and after several hours
spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesdw, May 22,1844.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved that his motion be now t*&en
up, of which he yesterday gave notice, to reconsider the
vote by which the House postponed to Monday next the
motion to print the report from the Election Committee m
relation to the contested seat of the Hon. J. W. Jones of
Virginia.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. BELSER desired the gentleman from Tennessee to
give him an opportunity to present the proceedings of sev-
eral meetings in Alabama, in favor 'of the annexation of
Texas; and having obtained permission to do so, he pre-
sented the proceedings, and moved that they be laid on the
table and printed.
Mr. DICKEY objected to the printing
A conversation ensued, in which Mr. BELSER, Mr. E. J.
BLACK, Mr. SEYMOUR of New York, Mr. HAMLIN, Mr.
COBB, and others, took part.
Mr. BELSER then withdrew his motion to lay on the ta-
ble and print, and substituted a motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; which was agreed to.
Mr. COBB then desired to present proceedings of a meet-
ing held in a portion of the district which he represents, of
a like character; which he moved to lay on the table, and
print.
Mr. DICKEY objected to the printing.
Mr. HARDIN also said he should object, unless the same
course was to be pursued with those of an opposite char-
acter.
Some conversation ensued, in which Messrs. C. JOHN-
SON, COBB, WHITE, ELMER, WELLER, (as the
Speaker pro tem ,) and others, took part; in the course of
which, objections were made to the reception of the pro-
ceedings.
Mr COBB moved a suspension of the rules, to enable
him to present them; but the motion was rejected.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then called up his motion to reconsider
the vote by which the motion to print the election report
was postponed to Monday next; and after abrief conversa-
tion, the motion was reconsidered; and then the motion to
print was postponed to Saturday next
Mr. McKA* moved that the rules be suspended that the
House might resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
BREACH OF PRIVILEGE BY A POSTMASTER.
Mr. FISH desired to present a resolution which (he said)
affected the privileges of a member of this House which
had been violated. The resolution was as follows:
Resofrprf, That a select committee of five be appointed to
inquire and report whether any deputy postmaster, or other
officer of the Post Office Department, has violated the frank-
in^ privilege ofanyoi the members of this House as estab-
lished by law, by craving his frank, or otherwise, under any ,
regulation or instruction of the Post Office Department.
Ihe resolution not being in order at this time, it was not
received; but it was undei stood that several of the honora-
ble gentleman's letters which he had despatched through
the post office had been charged with postage, his franks
having been first erased in their passage through the Fost
Office Department.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House, on the motion of Mr McICA"V . resolved itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the I nion—Mr.
Cave Johv90s-in the chair—and resumed the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the naval service lor
the fiscal year ending the 30th dav of June, 1S45.
Mr. HARDIN was entitled to the floor from yesterday;
but he yielded to
Mr. HALE wished to make an answer to a statement ot
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Atkinson,]
made in committee yesterday. It would be recollected that
he had stated,' on more occasions than one, that the pay of
the officers of the American navy was higher than the pay
of officers of the same grade in any navy in the world;
and he had learned that the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia had doubted the accuracy of that statement in a speech
made by him yesterday, and had quoted some authority put-
ting the pay of a captain in the British navy at $3,800 or
$3,y00. Now, he reasserted his statement; and called the
attention of the committee to the authority on which he
based himself in making the assertion—it was the Register
ofthe Royal Navy of Great Britain, published "by authori-
ty." It there appeared that the net sea-pay of a captain in
the English navy, was £61 7s. 4d., and allowing the pound
sterling to be equal to $4 85, it made the English naval cap-
tian's pay equal to $297 63 per month, which, multiplied by
12, the number of months in a year, is equal to $3,670 60 for
the year. But in fact, the pound sterling is not equal to
$4 85, but only $4 44, making the monthly pay of the Eng-
lish naval captain only $272 47 per month, which, multi-
£lied by 12, gives $3,269 64 as the annual pay of the Eng-
sh captain.
Mr. SCHENCK asked, if post captains were not an inter-
mediate grade of officers in the English navy; and if they
had not there different orders of admirals, vice-admirals, and
rear-admirals; and if American captains did not have to com-
mand fleets, and perform the same duty required of these
different orders of admirals.
Mr. HALE replied they had in England, admirals, vice-
admirals, and rear-admirals, ofthe blue, red, and white; and
they had aUo there, dukes, earls, lords, marquises, &cM
with a privileged order of nobility, rioting in luxury upon
the hard earnings of a burdened and suffering people; and,
he doubted not, we had many who are earnestly desiring to
see the same in this country; but he trusted the day was far
distant when these hopes were to be realized. Was it ne-
cessary, because we had no order of nobility, and did not
decorate our officers who had distinguished themselves,
with stars and garters and other gew-gaws of royalty, that
we should therefore, and for that reason, pay them a higher
compensation thanwas paid to the officers of any othernavy
on earth? If so, he, for one, would prefer the harmless deco-
rations of the blue, red, and white, or all the colors of the
rainbow combined, rather than pay such extravagant remu-
neration. The pay of an English naval captain, here given,
is of one in command of a first class ship. English ships are
divided into six classes before we come to sloops and bombs;
and the pay of the captains is continually descending ac
cording to the class of the ship he commands, till it gets
down to <£26 17s. the monthly pay of a captain in command
of a sixth rate.
Mr. PARMENMER said, with the permission of the gen-
tleman, he would road a comparative statement of the pay
received by officers of a similar grade in the navies of the
United States and Great Britain.
Mr. HALE assented; and
Mr. PARMENTF.R read a statement of the amount of the
salaries of naval officer*.
Mr. HALE said he did not propose to pursue the discus-
sion; he simply uesired to place the matter before the com-
mittee in its true light.
Mr. G. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Mr. ATKINSON appealed to the gentleman to allow him  
a few moments.
Mr. DAVIS declined to yield the floor, however, remark-
ing that the time for the continuance of the debate was lim-
ited, and he desired to place before the committee a propo-
sition which he considered to be of great importance.
Mr. D. sent to the chair a resolution, which he proposed
to offer so soon as it should be in order.
The resolution was read by the clerk.
Mr. D. regretted that the debate had not been confined to
the bill before the committee, because there were various
propositions which many gentlemen, no doubt, as well as
himself, desired to see modified or amended; and there were
other propositions which they desired to offer, and which
they desired an opportunity to explain.
The subject ofwater-rotted hemp was a subject of pecu-
liar interest to the people of the United States, as well as to
the government, 'lhc article was an essential component
of our national defence—as much so as any article made use
of in shipbuilding; and it was a matter which had received
some attention on the part ofthe government There had
been two or three laws passed upon the subject in the shape
of joint resolutions, for the purpose of protecting and fos-
tering that interest. The first action of Congress on the
subject was a joint resolution introduced by one ofthe sen-
ators from Missiouri in the session of 1841, for the encour-
agement and protection of the production of American wa-
ter-rotted hemp for the use of the military marine. Under
this encouragement from the government, the farmers of the
West, especially of Kentucky and Missouri. undertook the
production of the article, by the process of water rotting;
but what had been the result' The executive officers of
this government, in disregard of this proceeding on the part
of Congress, had ceased the purchase of the American arti-
cle, and had actually entered into a contract for the pur-
chase of a supplv of Riga hemp sufficient for the coming year,
although it had'been cJeail} and indisputably shown that
the American article was superior to the foreign, and could
be furnished at a cheaper rate. Was this the way in which
the executive ofteers of this government intended to carry
into execution a law of Congress, or joint resolution, equal
in force to a law ? There were two solemn laws requiring
the American article to be purchased and used in the Amer-
ican navv; and yet. m defiance of thoe laws, the Secretary
ofthe Navy had directed the purchase to be thus continued;
and had entered into a contract for the purchase of the
foreign article.
Vr. vl ORRIS obseived that m consequence ol the adop-
ofthe resolution ofthe chairman of the Committee of
u ays and Means, to terminate the debate to-dav, he was
under the necessity of following the example of the gentle-
man from ^Kentucky, [Mr. G.LUvl* ] and submits his re-
marks on an amendment not yet before the committee, but
which he intended at a proper time to 'ofter. The proposi-
tion he desired to submit, was for the erection of a drj dock
at Philadelphia, and in urging it upon the attention oi the
committee, he would uree it on the grounds of economy.
Several memorials on this subject had been already present-
ed by his constituents, showing the great Interest they. too&
in the desired improvement, 'i he citizens of Philadelphia
desired to have this dry dock, because they eould, by refer-
ring to the history of the naval architecture -of the country,
show that at no place in the United States had vessels tor
the navy been constructed of better workmanship, and on
cheaper terms. Moreover, there was no instance on record,
in which a vessel built at Philadelphia had failed in perform*
ing all that was expected of her. Here Mr. M. referred to
some documents, showing the expense of building and
equiping various ships at various places in the United states,
and making a comparison of the cost of each, showed that
the difference was in favor of Philadelphia. He also went
into a statement, showing the facility of obtaining provi-
sions, supplies, and materials on comparatively cheap terms
at that place.
Mr. A. JOHNSON observed that he did not know that the
remarks he was about to make would be considered strictly
in order; but inasmuch as the debate had taken rather a
wide range, he trusted it would not be considered improper
for him to discuss the means by which money now pro*
posed to be appropriated was drawn from the people.
He should oppose this bill more in consequence of the
manner in which the money it appropriated was raised,
than lor any other consideration: and he held that an exam-
ination of the system by which trie revenues of the govern-
ment were raised, was a legitimate course of argument.
Ever since this Congress had been in session, there appear-
ed to him to have been a disposition to indulge in the Wild*
est and most visionary schemes of expenditure. Mr. j.
here referred to various items of expenditure, such as dry-
docks, navy-yards, &c, and particularly to the two river
and harbor bills, involving an expenditure of one million
two hundred thousand dollars. He was opposed to the ap-
propriations in this bill, in consequence of the system by
which the money was procured. We have been told (said
he) by some of the gentlemen of this House, in a document
published by them, of the evils of direct taxation; and he
would therefore say a word or two on that subject. He
was not an advocate for direct taxation; but he held that it
would beacheajer ana more equitable mode of collecting
the revenue than the present one. At all events, a system
of direct taxation would put an end to all these extravagant
and visionary schemes ot expenditure that were now resort-
ed to. In the publication he referred to, the authors sup-
posed that the annual revenues collected for this govern-
ment would be something like thirty-six millions; and when
they came to the State of Tennessee, they showed that if
this money was to be collected by direct taxes, the people
of that State would be alarmed at the proportion they were
to pay, which was estimated at $1,700,000/ This was an ad-
mission, however, that the money was collected from the
people. Now how is it proposed to collect this $1,700,000 of
the people of Tennessee, but by indirect taxation? It was
proposed to collect it by a mode under which the people
would not know the amount co-llccted from them; that is,
to take the money out of their pockets bv deception, or, m
other words, by the operation of the tariff. Now, ifthc
southern States would look closely into the subject, they
would find that such a system of taxation bore more hardly
on them than any other. *.
He went on to contend that there were greater advantages
to the people in direct taxation for the support of the gov-
ernment, lor thereby much would be saved to the hard-
working people. But they were told that this expensive plan
of collecting revenue must be persisted m ior the protection
of home industry; or, in other words, this system must be
persisted in, that the few might be benefited at the expense
of the many. It was admitted that $536,000,000 must be col-
lected for the support of the government, and this sum was
made by the importing merchants to form part of the first
cost of the goods. The merchants transmitted those goods
to various parts of this Union for sale, adding thereon 60
per ccnt. as profit; and thus it would be seen that the hard-
working consumer not only paid $36,000,000 for the support
of the government to beneht a few manufacturers, but 60
per cent, theieon as profit of the merchant.
He contended that the argument was very clear in favor
of a system by which each* State should collect and pro-
vide its proportionate share of the revenue which was ne-
cessary for the government. By such a system, much
would be saved in the cost of collection. He calculated that
of the $1,700,000 which Tennessee would supply, she could
save $92,000, which was an important sum.
He then showed the operation of the protective system
on the mechanic, proving that, m relation to the mechanic
classes, this protection of home industry was a system of
humbug, by which no one was benefited but the wealthy
manufacturer. Indeed, to the working classes it was an
iniquitous sy stem of taxation. But (he inquired) was the
system for which the people were so honestly taxed, a pro-
tection to home industry' Of the amount of capital vested
m manufactures and in agriculture, he said this system
caused $600 vested in manufactures to yield $72—more than
$1,000 vested m agriculture; and yet they were protecting
home industry! To be perfect, the protection oi home in-
dustry must be its protection by the several and individual
States within their own chartered limits; but if that were
resorted to, they would hear less of protection ol home m-
^Upon such a principle as this, they might go on increas-
ing the amount of dutio* progressively until they brought
down the price of the articles to nothing at all. The gov-
eminent would then be in the receipt of a larse revenue
from duties on imports, and the goods imported would be
procured by the consumer for nothing. Was there ever a
Greater absurdity attempted to be palmed oft upon the put-
Fic} It wa<? an insult to the intelligence of the people-
Another extraordinary proposition contained in this lit-
erary curiosty, to which he had already referred, was that
we were actually bu\ ing five dollars' worth of foreign ar-
ticles for every dollar's worth that we sold of our own.
Was there ever a country that was prosperous and happy
while she bought more than she sold? How longwoulda
government exist under such circumstances?
1=1 Mr STEWART said if the gentleman would examine
the argument in that report, he would see, not that we pur-
chased five dollars'worth of foreign articles for every do.-
lar's worth that we sold of our own. but that we purchase
and consume, in the form of manufactured goods, five dol.
*
