APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844/
28th Cons.....1st Sess.
Principles of Mr. Van Buren—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Reps.
Here is another table, the counterpart of the first one pre-
sented, prepared by the Register of the Treasury, and to be
found appended to the report of the Secretary ot the Treasu-
ry, first session 27th Congress, headed as follows:
"Receipts and expenditures of the government, exclusive
of trust funds, and funds arising from loans and treasury
notes, and from other sources ol income, from 1st of Janua-
ry, 1837, to 31st December, 1840."
After stating the different items, itconcludes—
"Average annual expenditures for current expenses, as
above ...... $28,098,965
"Average annual receipts - • - "• 21,12(5,998
"Excess of average annual expenditures over
receipts • - - - - - $6 972,967
"T. L. SMITH, Register.
"Treasury Department. Register's office, May 25, 1841.'5
The last statement is also substantially conoborated by
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury mad&tothis
Congress at its present session.
It is thus proven by documents which do not admit of
question, that Mr. Van Burcnexpended nearly twenty-eight
millions of dollars during His lour years of spendthrift
economy, over and above the ordinary revenue ol 'the gov-
ernment. And if it hail not have been for the fourth instal-
ment of the surplus revenue, the United States Bank stock,
and other little "pickings and stealings" gathered up fiom
all imaginable quarters, he would have left a debt of that
amount to be added to the debt and deficit of eight millions
of dollars which, he did leave, which shows an acknowledg-
ed excess of expenditure, debt, and deficit, above the ordi-
nary revenue during the administration, amounting to more
than thirty-four millions of dollars.
The facts- and figures show that Mr. Van Buren spent
nearly thnteen miUions of dollars annually more than the
average annual expenditure of the twenty preceding years.
And lljthe debt and deficit he left had been paid, or are added
in, it wiJlbe seen that his animal expenditure more than
doubled that of the administrations ol Monroe, Adams, and
Jackson. One of two things is certain: either the revenue
was not sufficient to defray the ordinary expenses of gov-
ernment, in which^ase it was the duty of the administra-
tion to provide means to increase the revenue, which they
dii not do; or the immense amounts of money which were
deceived were extravagantly spent, or stolen. Take which
horn of the dilemma they may, that administration cannot
e^ape de«m-cd ccnsure.
U is wondeitul. indeed, if the people of the United States
su- not*captivated with such specimens of administrative
.' iinomv '! And it will be still more wondeilul and aston-
j<\rigif the, people, now that they have ascertained the
a inunts expended, shall not call again to preside over tlic
■ <vnmei>t that man whose short administration caused
'.i< astounding remits ! ! !
THE TARIFF.
■''alt.—February jd, 1827, a bill to repeal the duty on im-
foj ted salt bomg'under consideration, Mr. Van Buren made
sj eech against il --(See Register Debates, 245 ) On the
Mb of Kebriuny, h?27, the bill passed the Senate —yeas 24,
nays 21; Mr. \ an Buren and K. M. Johnson voting in the
negative.
April 7th, 1^33, General Harrison moved to take up the
mil to reduce the duty on imported salt. The bill being ta-
ken up, Mr, Van Buren moved its indefinite postponement.-
Register Dcbntes, 591 ) On considering thih bill on the
13th of April, I82S—yeas 21, nays 25: Mr. Van Buren m the
negative.
it will thus be &een that Mr. "Van Buren, on all occasions,
voted again, t a repeal or reduction of the duty on salt. Salt
bt ir.g pi-oduccd in New York, he was careful to have it
protected; and, although ' a northern man with southern
pii-icndes'." he lia* always been particularly careful to salt
down nis southern and western friends for the benefit of his
northern constituents, whenever an opportunity occurred.
The tariff ol was avowedly a protectee tariff'. It
pas-ed the Senate May lttth, 1S21 Mr. Van Buren voted for
it, as did also K M. Johnson, Andrew Jackson, and Thomas
H. Benton
'i In taiiff of 1^2^ w •. the highest tariff' w e ever had in
the United States and its avowed object was more effectu-
ally to protect Am<jre\n manufactures and indnstn So
bitterly lias ltbeen denounced by anti-tariff men, that it has
been styled by them "the bill of abominations'' It passed
the Senate May 13th, 1323. Mr. Van ouren voted foi it, as
did also Miihlo'i I)icl:er<-on. Louis McLane, R. M Johnson,
J. II. F.aton. and Thomas II. Benton—(See Journal of the
Senate, 1st session 20th Congress, 110 )
It has been declared repeatedly by Mr. Van BurenN anti-
tariff friends, that he was in feeling opposed to this taiirt,
and that the only reason why he voted for it was m obedi-
ence to instructions. Mr. "Van Buren himself has never
said so, bat there is every reacon to believe that Mr. Van
Buren was vo'mg his ow n sentiments, as well as comply-
ing with the wishes of his constituents. Here is the proof
of it. The advoca+es of a protective tariff got up "the
Harrisburgconvention,'* the object of which was to dense
mean?: to obtain more efficient protection for all branches of
American industry The result of this movement was the
passage of the tanft bill of 382c. A meeting was held in
.Albany on the 10th day of July, 1827, to send delegates to
this^convention, Mr. Van Buren attended find addressed the
meeting. One account hays:
"Mr. Van Buren said that, having now stated, as fully as
the time^would admit, his general views upon the subject,
his opinion of the settled policy of the Slate as to the pro-
priety and expediency of affording legislative piotectionto
the manulactiuing interests of the country, by temperate
and wise, and therefore salutary laws, and his readiness to
aid m the passage of all such laws, he would trespass for a
few moments, &.c " >■ ' 11 "He owed many thanks to the
meeting for the ery kind attention with which he had been
listened to by gentlemen, between many of whom and him-
self there had, upon public matters, been differences of
opinion of long standing. His situation in reference to the
wool-growing interest was well known to most of them.
He had at present invested more than $20,000 in sheep, and
S&rm* 4evoted,and whic& he meant to devote, to that business.
He felt all proper concern for his own interest, and would,
of course, cheerfully unite in all suitable measures for its
advantage."
Another account says:
"The Hon. Martin Van Buren (says the Argus) rose and
addressed the'meeting in a speech of about an hour. In the
course of his remarks, Mr. Van Buren alluded to and fully
explained his course in relationjto the woollens bill; the char-
acter and effoct of that bill, as well as of various measures
adopted and discussed from time to time for the protection
of our h&me industry; the magnitude and vital importance of
that subject in reference to every section of the Union, and
every part and every citizen of tfie State; the obvious neces-
sity of extending to the wool grower and manufacturer, and
to every branch of domestic production and industry that
may require it, ample and liberal encouragement, &c.'' (See
Wiles Register, July 21st, l£27 )
The following are some of the resolutions passed at the
Albany meeting:
"Resolved,T\i&t the laws of Congress from the first assumed
the principle that revenue is to be so levied as shall most
cncourage, or least impede, the various branches of com-
merce and of internal industry; that this principle may be
and ought to be carried to a more full and extended applica-
tion. and that to enact laws in disregard of Jt, would be an
under exercise of power/'
"Resolved, That the laws of the United States which have
tended to protect our interests of na^ igation, manufactures,
farming, and planting, against the exclusions, monopolies,
restrictions, and bounties of other nations, have been one
main source of whatever prosperity this country has en-
joyed; and thatin every instance where the protection has
been efficient and complete, the result has been beneficial,
not to apart only, but to the whole community." (Niles's
Register, 21,1927.)
The speech of Mr. Van Buren, and the resolutions, as-
sume as broad ground as was ever occupied by most zeal-
ous friends of a high protective tariff No one acquainted
with Mr Van Buren will doubt that ' he fell all proper re-
gard for his own interest;" and it is not credible, therefore,
thatwhenhe was sow aim a protectee tariff advocate in
July, 1827, he should be oppos* d to it in May, 1828. w hen
the'whole North and West were nearly unanimous for it.
If Mr. Van Buren did not speak, but gave a s-ilent vote for
that tariff', it was perhaps ow ing to the fact that he then had
"more that twenty thousand dollais imested in faims and
sheep," and when the question was up before the Senate, it
is not surprising that he was a silent vot? r
Mr. Van Buren is said to be very wealthy, and history
gives no account of his having '-old his t.irm? and sheep;
and bu=y curiosity , w hich is always pry ma into the affairs
of "fallen greatness,'" says that \ 'ice 'his retirac\to pri-
vate hie, when he was not eng-iged m poiitical manoeuvres, ,
he has not only ib^otcd his farms, but himself also, to the
cultivation ol 'sheep and cabbage.
We must now invite attention to the more recent opinions
of Air Van Buren on the tr.iiff', and here, if we are not able
to explain his present views satisfactorily, wt must be per-
mitted to say the lai'lt is his, not ours. In his letter of IMh
February, !:?HI, to the Indiana committee, Mr V . IJ writes
ptgc alter page ana column ailer column, and yet what he
is for or what agam«t, in that letter, is a mysteiy. The
tariff men give il on" construction —the anti-tariff' men am
other. Some of liii friends undeistand him to be in favor of
direct taxation—others, that ho is utierly opposed to it It
seems to have been his obiect to make it "Ml things to all
men;"" not that he might "do good to all," but that he might
catch voles fiorn nil That celebrated diplomaiift, Talky-
rand, when asked wind he eonsideiod was the design of lan-
guage, answered, "it was to conceal one,s thoughts when
the} did not wish them known " This setms to have been
the'principle of diplomacy and < vplanatjon pursued by Mr
Van Buren.and 1 will pioceed to gi\e some extract', which
squint in all directions
r.u:!n r a litlrjor thf Tnr{(} - ''My v lew s in relation to the
protective system werealfo called forby thcShoeco Springs
meeting in 1832, and freely. A conviction that the establish-
ment o'l commercial regulations with a view to the en-
couragement of domestic interests, is w ithin the constitu-
tional power of Congress, was on that occasion distinctly
avowed 11
' Of the constitutional power to make discriminations, I
have no doubt, equally clear it is, that the practice of mak-
ing them has existed irom the commencement of the gov ern-
mont. and constitutes a feature in e\ erj principal lau/i lull
which iv to 1 e found upon our statute book ""
"If it bt at any time deemed m-ce^ary or condueh e to the
safety of the country to cncomagc the manuacturer ot
home of the aHicled'm ccssary to its defence m w ar, nothing
can be more proper than to do so by a d'scrimmation in
favor ol their domestic manufactures, inasmuch as the ob-
ject in view is to promote the safety uf all at the expense
of all "
apparently n^ridsf the tm iff'—'-"That the great body of the
mechanics and laboiers of every breach ol business, w hose
welfare should be an object of unceasing colicitude on the
part of evorj public man, have bt en the greatest sufferers
by our high protective tariff, and would continue  o to be,
i) that policy is persisted in, istomv mind too clear to re-
quire further elucidation
"Aprotection, the indirect advantages of which to their
(the manufacturers) interests, even under a tariff for pro-
tection, are as much the subject of doubt and disputation a?
the\ ever weie, but for which those concerned in other
pursuits have for a long scries of ^ ears paid m advance, and
jeceived theii equivalent in pioniw"-, of the performance
of w hich they are not and do not <-eem likely to bp soon sat-
isfied."
-•«. -* ^ >
• 3/wo.sf entirely a^nui^t /naps.—"These, and other
considerations, have given to the impo?t a preference m the
public mind which would render the imposition of direct
taxes m time ol peace exceedingly odious, and have pi o-
duced as great a degree of unanimity in favor of a tariff
for revenue, as ever can be expected upon a public ques-
tion."
Squinting in favor of direct taxation.—Speaking of collect-
ing revenue by impest duties, he says:
"It cannot, however, have escaped the attention of the
manufacturers, that although no State or district of country
may yet have taken ground against this mode of raising
revenue for the support of government, there are not want-
ing thousands of vigorous intellects, in every section of our
extended country, who, penetrated by a deep sense of the
•inequality and consequent inj'ustice of its operation, are ap-
plying all the energies of their minds to the overthrow of
the system itself."
These- extracts, which might be indefinitely extended,
show that Mr. Van Buren was endeavoring to curry favor
with all patties. "Whilst he was evidently seeking to
please the advocates of free trade, he takes care not to break
altogether with the protective tarift'men; and whilst he de-
cidedly encourages the advocates of direct taxation, yet he
quiets those opposed to it by saying there is no danger of
its being adopted. He is practising his old game; running
with the hare, yet follow mg the hounds.
The course of Mr. Van Buren reminds me of one of one of
our western hunting stones:
A couple of gentlemen by name of Hoffman and Cowan,
both of whom were good shots, and not a little gmn to
boasting of their skill, went out deer hunting. Alter get-
ting into the woods where they expected to find deer, they
separated. Shortly afterwards, Hoffman heard Cowan's gun
lire, when he immediately went over to the place heheard
the shot, expecting to have to help Cowen hangup a deer.
He found Cowen verj busy loading his gun, and shouted
out—
"Hollo, Cowan, what did you shoot at?"
"It is none of your business, Hoffman, go along over the
hill."*
Hoffman was surprised at this short answer, and in look-
ing around, discovered a calf amongst the bushes: he again
ciied out--
"I say Cowan, did ) ou shoot at that calf7"
eh", I did, but it is none of your business."
"W hy, what made you shoot at itr"
'•"Why, I too{£ it for a deer.,>
"Well, did you hit it?''
' No, 1 missed it''
"How came you to miss it?"
"W hy, I was'nt sure but what it was a calf."
"W ell,"" said lloffinan bursting into a laugh, "you area
pretty huntei to shoot at a calf lor a deer, and then miss it "
"Se here, Hoffman, said Cowan, losing his temper, "I
say. donft make a blamed fool of yourseli; I shot at it just
so as to hit it if it was a deer, and miss it if it was a
calf."
It was just so with Mr. Van Buren. He so aimed his In-
diana letter, that d it was a fiee tiade manhe hit him plump;
b-it if it was a protective ten ft man, he just missed lnm: if
it was an advocate of direct taxation, he struck him fair;but
if it w as such a calf as to oppose that sj stem, then his gun
was crooked just enough to shoot around him
Oppowl to the present laHlf.—Although Mr. Van Buierfs
Indiana letter was like the prophecies of the ancient oracles,
which conlrl 1 c made to mean an}* thing, as circumstances
might require, yet there ha-? been another letter of his, of
a later date, published, which certainly was not writtenby
hint for that purpose, and which clearly shows that he is
hostile to the present tariii. both in principle and details.
Heie it is:
"Ai.ris\, February 23,1843.
"My dk.ui sir. I thank you kindly for your friendly let-
ter 1 have at no time, or any where, hesitated to express
my decided disapprobation ol the tariff act ol last session, as
well in respixt to the punciple upon which it is founded as
to its details In good time you will have my views in
respect to that and other subjects before the people.
In the mean time, believe me to be. very sincerely, your
fuend and obedient sen ant.
MATtTJN VAN BUREN."
Tt is worthf^of remark, that Mr Van Buren does not state
what principle in the tariff' bill he is opposed to, or how he
would have the details altered Does he find fault with the
pnncipleof collecting revenue by a tariff law, and piefcr
direct taxation7 Or does he want the duty on wool and salt
increased' No one can tell; and although he promised to
give his views "jn good Urne" on this subject, yet that good
time has never come, and if such a letter has been written,
his kind friends ha\ e discovered that it will not do to expose
it to the public ey e.
1 now call on the friends of Mr. Van Buren in this House,
to say whether he is favor of the "British tariff' bill''which
has been reported by the Committee of Way s and Means,
and which ought to be entitled "An act to support foreign
paupers and enrich foieign manufacturers, nnd to besrgar
American farmeis, mechanics, and manufacturers "" If He is
for this hill, the sooner the counti y ki.ow s it the better. His
fnends here are all powerful. I'hey can pa«s, this bill as
they did the 1 bill to repeal the distribution law," under the
gatrdaw, without permitting amendment, examination, or
debate But let them beware! 'I here is a point oi endu-
rance bey ond w hich the people w ill not permit their rights
to be trampled on; and when they become convinced oi the
game which politicians are playing here, which would sac-
rifice the agncultuial, methankai. and manufacturing inter-
ests ofthe country, for the purpose ofhoHtenng up the pre-
tensions of Mr Van Buren, and to secure to him the vote of
the South and a re-election to the presidency—they will rise
with the majesty of an insultc^pcople, and sweep from of-
fice here and elsewhere, everyfflfestiGre of Van Burcnism.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must admit that 1 feel confident that
all these free tiade, tariff', and other political stratagems
which are gotten up by his friends to deceive and mislead
the people, w ill be perfectly powerless to revive the fallen
fortunes of "the little Magician *' His wand is broken—his
race is run. It is sometimes ridiculous, and sometimes pite-
ous. to listen to the lamentations of his admirers over his de-
caying prospects. On both sides of the ocean, we hear these
lugubrious complaints; for it seems that even in England he
has his advocates, who might almost vie in their admiration
with the Troy Van Buren association. They feel a deep
interest in his success. His electioq will Inspirit their
