6* ft
CO^.OBpSlONAL GLOBE.
lars' wotfh>fagficidtuntf~produce for every dollar's worth.
of agrieuJtu^f%o^a^lha{ we «s^ort . u * \
m?.. -JdHNSGft proceeded • The gentleman might at-
tempt to';exp!aifr ttie matter, but it clearly put him.-to as
great difficulty tf> understand himself, as it did him [Mr.
Jcrft\sor«-J to" understand him. Was the gentleman unac-
quainted with that plain principle of political economy, that
when the balance of trade exists against a government, that
government must decline ia proportion to the extent ef
thsl balance"? But they were called upon to imitate the ex-
ample of Great Britain, and the prosperity of that country
had'-fefeen greatly vaunted. Prosperous', yes; prosperous in
the creation of a national debt; prosperous in the imposi-
tion Of burdens upon the people; ..prosperous in building up
an' aristocracy. He might refer to various authorities to
show the- prosperous condition of Great Britain, but he
would not. unnecessarily, detain the committee.
Mr. J. adverted to the distributive policy as a concomi-
tant of the high protective tariff. Who, he asked, was the
great advocate of that policy—a policy by which the people
became the recipients of a bounty first collected from them-
selves. The advocate of this strange mode of enriching the
people was the man who was to be placed at the head of
the administration of this government—the man who was
at orfe time- found advocating the principles of one party,
and sometimes of another.
Mr. J next adverted to the alleged dissensions in the dem-
ocratic ranks. For his own part, he intended to act for him-
self, and, as to any insinuations that had been spread abroad
in reference to him, he repelled them. He did not admit
the right of any individual to set himself up as the supervi-
sor or censor of all who belonged to the democratic party,
and to institute a Procrustean bed for their opinions.
The expiration of the hour was here announced bj the
Chairman* and
Mr. LEVY next obtained the floor. He stated the purport
of various amendments, which he proposed to offer when-
ever it would be in order to do so.
Mr. L. then called the attention of the committee to the
navy yard at Pennsacola, and the necessity of making ap-
propriations for that object. He spoke of (he great impor-
tance of Pennsacola as a naval station to the defence of the
southern States, and the security of our vast commerce on
the girif, and pointed out how it had hitherto been neglect-
ed by Congress. Mr. L. particularly referred to the fact
that at least one half the amount of the small appropriations
for that station had been diverted by the Secretaries of the
Navy on their own authority, and applied to other and more
favored naval stations
Mr. MURPHY s<.id he feared the time to which this de-
bate was limited would not permit him to do justice to the
subject to which he now desired to call the attention of the
committee- a limit, however, which was necessary, in con-
sequence of the latitude which the debate had taken on col-
lateral issues. He then proceeded to express his opposition
tr the amendment of the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr.
Htnt-J and then, although he had much to say in relation
to the navy, m which his constituents had a deep interest,
proceeded to make some remarks on the subject of the .stone
dry-dock which had been projected at Brooklyn lie gave
the history of that dock, the appropriations made for itjbv
Congress, the suspension of the works, and the authority
given to the Secretary of the Navy to decide between a
stone dry-dock and a floating dock, and the consequent ap-
pointment of a commission to examine into their lelative
merits.
The clerk, at the request of the gentleman from New
York, read an extract from a document giving the views of
Mr. Secretary Upshur, as the result of the inquiry by the
commission, which was decidedlv in favor ol a stone diy-
dock, or excavation with walls, as'it was sometimes called.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR asked if another report had not been
made in favor of a sectional floating dock.
Mr. MURPHY said he did not intend that his colleague
should divert his attention from the issue which he made.
An officer might have made such a report, but he asserted
that no competent commission of scientific men had exam-
ined and made such a report; but on the report of such a
commission, they had the opinion that a dry stone dock
w af alone fit for the purposes of the navy at New Yoik.
Mr. M. argued at some length in favor of the superiority
of stone docks over the sectional floating docks, and ad-
duced the testimony of numerous shipping merchants and
other well-informed persons to the <>ame eitect.
Mr. OVVJi) L. SEYMOUR sent to the Clerk certain
amendments, which he designed to offer at the proper
The awcnlments were read
Mr. SEYMOUR said he had no other object but the ad-
vancement of the public good in pioposing thp&e amend-
ments. He had, at^eonMrierable e\p< nse, examined into the
comparative merits and comparative expense ofconstrnctino-
thed.fterent descriptions of docks, and the conclusion he
hadcorr.e to wa* in(;.\oi ol the sectional floating dock.
The hour which hut been fixed uj mi for voting on the
bill and am^mbmvts, having arr \ .d, the committee pro-
ceeded to vo.e accofiJii'^i'v
The of th-- \va< (r follow?
The following aiucLdi'itiit hrtd 1 eei, o.'ieu-d b\ Vr Pah
Mrvij: r.;
"-After the word 'doHaiV in the eleventh line, insert, Pro-
i/dtd, That the whole numberof petty orhoers, seamen, or-
vtinaij seamen, landsmen, find l'0\s in the navil ;>e;vh'C,
shall not exceed , ,.;00 at any one tin e during the Lscal veer
lor ■which this appropriation 13 made "
To which Mr. Huvt of New i'oik had offered the fol-
lowing as an amenJment:
"Pimtdpd That 110 more than one half of the monc>^ ap-
propriated by this .act shall be expended in the naval ser-
vice. or drau_n from the treasury pxevious to the 1st day of
•'♦V*45' excci!tJU  th° sum-, appropriated for improve-
ment m tae necessary repairs of na\ y ards.''
Question was taken on the amendment to the amend-
• nays 61 WaS oflere<^ ^y ^r* Hc:\t, and earned—yeas 62,
' was ,then taken on tlie amendment as aruenil-
, eo, and it was agreed to.
I wwretSI; mltted the following amendment: which
Provided, That proposals for the different articles of sup-
ply "required for us© or delivery at each respective, naval
stationin the United States, shall be advertised for separate-
ly; and that the advertisement for such proposals shall be
made in the principal newspapers published in the same,
and adjoining States, in which the yard is located at which
delivery is required to be made.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON submitted an amendment pro-
viding that no vessel shall hereafter be built or rebuilt, ex-
cept by express authority of Congress.
Mr. FISH moved to amend the amendment by striking out
the word '-rebuilt."
The question being put, the amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected, and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LEVY submitted an amendment providing that no
part of the appropriation made for the equipment ,g,nd re-
pairs of the navy shall be applied to the paymenfof any
officers whose offices have not been.created by law: agreed
to.
Mr. PARMENTER offered an amendment striking out
the 29th line, and inserting the words '-for enclosing and
grading the square on which the naval depot at Charlestown
is erected, and for the building of a house for the superin-
tendent."
Mr FICKLIN called for a division of the question; and it
was first taken on striking out, and agreed to; and then on
enclosing the >ard and building a house at Charlestown,
and rejected.
Some unimportant change was made in the item of ap-
propriation for New Hampshire, on the motion of Mr. PAR-
MENTER.
The clcrk read the other items until he arrived at that in
reference to the navy-yard at New York; when
Mr. MURPHY offered the amendment which he had before
indicated his intention to offer, to direct the Secretary of the
Navy to proceed with the stone dry-dock at Brooklyn, New
York; for which there is now an unexpended balance of
the appropriation made in 1842.
Mr. SEYMOUR moved to amend the amendment bo as to
provide that the Secretary of the Navy should contract for
a sectional floating dock at New York.
Tellers were called for; and Messrs. Vinton and Bidlack
were appointed; and they reported 50 in the affirmative, and
77 in the negative. So the amendment to the amendment
was negatived.
Mr. PHCENIX offeied an amendment vesting in the Secre-
taryfof the Navy the discretion whether to construct a
floating or a stone dry-dock.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Habilsox and Bid-
lack were appointed, and they reported 93 in affirmative,
which was deemed a majority, and the negative was not
taken.
The question was then taken on the amendment as amend-
ed, and it was rejected
Mr. E. J BLACK offered an amendment to direct the Sec-
retary of the Navy to proceed with the construction of a
dry-dock at Pensacola, which, after an objection on a point
of order by Mr. Levy, was negatived.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS submitted an amendment directing the
Secretary of the the Navy to contract with John S Gilbert
for the erection of a float-ng dock at Philadelphia, tn be paid
for at a sum not exceeding $200,000, contingent on an ex-
amination and approval when constructed, kc.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendmentto be out of order;
and on an appeal, the decision of the chair was sustained bv
the committee.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS then offered an amendment directing
the President of the United States to cause an examination
and survey to be made for a dry-dock at Philadelphia.
Mr. HALE moved to amend so as to make the amendment
extend to all nav)-yards, whore there were no dry-docks.
Mr. E. .J MORRIS accepted the amendment.
Mr. LEVY moved that the same provision be adopted in
relation to Pensacola, as had been adopted in relation to
New York. Agreed to, \ eas 67, nays 45, taken b\ tellers.
Mr BLACK offered a proviso to that amendment, pending
the question of which proviso,
On motion of Mr J. W. DAVIS, the committee rose.
1 he Committee on Enrolled Bills reported several bills,
which'were signed by the Speaker.
Se\ eral executive communications were read, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WHITE moved that the House adjourn; and by 57
} eas, and 77 nays, the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ROGERS moved that the House adjourn On divis-
ion, there were 72 yeas, nays not counted.
'J he House adjourned.
The fol'owmg petitions, presented to day, were handed
to the reporter> by the mtmbct^ presenting th.'m: *
By Mr. HALF: Hie petitions ot Mary ) ellows, Hannah
Ward, Mary Panforth Lucj Drme, Betsey ( herey, Mehi-
tdble Mine, Rtbecea Kobait, Patty Holt, Sarah C.Wcks,
Mary French, Tamson French A'oi v (V fer, Fhzabeth Stick-
ney, Nancy Abbott, llnldah E^a.is, Marv Elliott, Heanor
Gleason, Eh'/a! oth Moore, Mirvm Hoyt, Margaret Mills,
Judith Tilton, Naomi Campbell, Eunice Morrill, Buth Foss,
Elizabeth Calley, Snsaana Prov, t oiul Mniy G'-cenleuf for a
fin ther allow ance of two j eai^' ] ension, to commence on the
4th of March, 1841: referred to the Committee, of the M hole
on the state of the L'nion.
.By Mr BURKF* The petition of R;chcl Rowell for ar-
rears oi pension due her late hu-bond, Enoch Rowell. Also,
the petition of Philip Tobor, for an addition to the pension
lie now receives.
IN SENATE.
Tiicrsdav, May 23, 1844.
THE ARMY RETRENCHMENT BILL.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the vote postponing indef-
initely the House bill regulating the pay of the army and
for other purpose1?, be reconbidered.
The CHAIR remarked that the bill was not m the pos-
session of the Senate, having been returned to the House
It could, however, be bent for, on a message lor that pur-
pose being adopted by the Senate.
Mr. ATHERTON remarked that it was not a bill on
which the House was obliged to have any further action.
It had been returned to that body with a notification of the-
action of the Senate. He suggested, therefore*, whether a J
vote lor reconsideration eould not be entertairied. ' :
The CHAIR read the20thrule, which was was impera-/
tive, that a motion for the reconsideration of the vote on '
any matter not in the possession of the Senate, but of the 5
other House, was inadmissible. .
MAri' ^JANNEGAN submitted an order that a message be
sent to the House, requesting that the bill regulating the "
pay ot the army and lor other purposes, maybe returned
to the Senate for its further action thereon.
The order, under the rule, lies on the table for future ac- '
tion.
Some conversation was had between Mr. HANNEGAN
and the CHAIR, as to whether the motion for reconsidera-
tion would stand recorded as having been made to-day.
The CHAIR was understood to decide that the motion for
reconsideration could not be entered on record until the
bill shall have been returned to the Senate; but that such ;
proceeding would not preclude the entertainment of the
motion for reconsideration, after the return of the bill.
Mr. McDUFFIE remarked that a precedent to govern the '
present case was established in 1824. He did not know,
however, that the rules then were precisely the same as .-
those of the House of Representatives now. The tariff of
1824 was sent post-haste from the House to the Senate,
for certain purposes then well understood. Mr Randolph
met the bearer of the message, and offered to prevent the
execution of the order of the then Speaker for forwarding
the bill without delay. Mr. Randolph, in the altercation,
was overcome bj the messenger, and made complaint to
the House. The House passed resolutions directing that
the bill should be returned.
The CHAIR remarked that there was no objection to
entertaining the order of the senator from Indiana. The
objection was to considering it at that time, the rule re-
quiring that it shall lie one day on the table.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented the credentials of the Hon.
Jabez W. Huntington, who has been elected by the legis-
lature of Connecticut a senator from that State for six
years from and after the 8d day of March next: read, and
ordered to be filed
On motion by Mr. WHITE, leave was granted to with-
draw from the files of the Senate the petition and papers of
Robert Maguire.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of John Erics-
son, of the State of New York, asking compensation for
planning and superintending the construction of the ma-
chinery of the steamship Princeton: referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs
Mr. LEWIS presented the proceedings of a public meet-
ing of the citizens ofLeonidas county, Alabama, in favor of
the annexation of Texas to the United States: ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. UPIiAM presented a memorial of the inhabitants of
the town of Pomfret, Windsor county, Vermont, protesting
against the annexation of Texas to the United States: order-
ed to lie on the table.
Mr WOODBRIDGEf from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, without amendment, the bill for the
rplief of William Elliott, jr.
Mr McDUFFIE threw himself* upon the indulgence of
the Senate, to permit him to introduce into the Senate,
when in secret session, a reporter; his (Mr. McD *s) health
being such as to disable him from undergoing the labor of
writing out his own remarks
The CHAIR suggested that in executive session would be
the proper time to entertain the motion
Mr. BERRIEN suggested to the senator to waive the mo-
tion until that time; and
Mr. McDUFFIE acquiesced in the suggestion.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the adverse re-
port of the Committee on Naval Affairs, in the ease of Julia
L. Weed, the question pending being the motion of Mr.
Taluiadge so to amend the report as to refer the subject to
the Commissioner of Pensions for adjustment.
Mr. TALLMADGE withdrew his proposed amendment;
and the adverse report of the committee was concurred In
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, leave was granted to
withdraw the papers of Mrs. Weed, to enable the petitioner
to make the application for a pension to the Commissioner
oi P&ii^ions.
On motion by Mr BAYARD, the Committee on Na\ul
Aliairs was discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Thomas G. Clinton, prajmg an examination of
his improvement m steam engines' the petition ol William
P McConnel, praying that on pj ropntuon be made to en-
able him to build a steamship upon the principle discovered
by him; and *he petition of A B. Quinl \ , praying that an
investigation ma\ be made by the commission,'now sitting
m the Washington navy-yard, mte the plan of having steam,
chimneys m steam boilers.
Mr ARCH KR presented a memorial from citizens of the
county of Augusta, Virgjiu"1. prajing that the present tariff
may not be "distuibeJ: lefeired'to the f omnittee on Fi-
nance.
The resolution submitted bv Mr 13AGB T yesterday, pro*
vi.-bng that the Senate 'hail in future meet doily' at 11
o'clock, a. m , in^tead of 12 o'clock, wa^ taken up, and so
amended a? to take effect on Mondnj next, and adopted.
Mr. McDUFFIE remarked, that \ ecderduy he introduced
in the Senate, when m executive session, a certain reiolu-
tion, which he w as inclined to think was more appropriate
to be introduced in open session. He therefoie begged
leave to introduce it mopen session to-day.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that the motion involved a part
of the executn e proceeding, 'fand could only come before
open Senate by a motion in executive session to transfer
action upon it.
Mr. McDUFFIE acquiesced", and wished the present mo-
tion to be considered as one fbr leave to intioduce the res-
olution.
The bill to amend and consolidate the several naval pen-
sion laws, was read the third time and passed.
THE STOLEN TRF.ASUflY NOTES.
The Seriate bill to provid^for the payment of the evi-
dences of public debt in certain ca^es, was next taken up
on its third reading. I
Mr. "WRIGHT! not having beg^ present yesterday when
