March, 1844.
28th Cong..... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Principles of Mr. Van Bur en—Mr. Hardin. '
hopes: his defeat will be the downfall of their schemes to
make this nation the mere tributary to Great Britain.
It may be consoling to Mr. Van Buren's friends here to
learn, that his friends in England deeply sympathize with
them in their lamentations, ui his waning prospects of suc-
cess. The London Sun of February last says:
"There seems to be a growing impression that nothing
will be done relative to the tariff, until the new President is
elected; and as Mr. Van Buren is understood to be favorable
to a low tariff, we see with regret that his prospects are be-
coming 'small by degrees and beautifully less.""
DEFAULTING SUB-TREASURERS.
In document 125, 3d session 25th Congress, is a list of de-
faulting land officers. It is too long for insertion, but a few
items will be given as a specimen of economical administid-
tion and safekeeping of the public moneys by "leg-treasu-
rers."
Receivers. Land Districts. Date. Balances due.
John H. Owens, St. Stephens, Ala., 1838 • $80,611
Wm. Linn, Vandaha, 111., 1838 55,962
M. J. Allen, Tallahasse,- Fla., 1639 26,691
Littlebury Hawkins, Helena, Arkansas, 1835 100,000
"VViley P. Harris, Columbus, Miss, 1836 109,178
Gordon D Boyd, Columbus, Miss., 1837 50,937
J. W. Stephenson, Galena, 111., 1S37 43,294
Mr. Swartwout's defalcation is stated by Mr "Woodbury,
in a report dated 6th December, 1838, at $1,374,119.
Some of these defalcations occurred prior to Mr. Van
Buren's administration, but all of them occurred during the
administration of the Treasury Department by Levi Wood-
bury, whom Mr. Van Buren retained m office, on account of
his superior financial ability and success in managing the
leg-treasury system.
- This list might be discriminately extended, but it is sufii-
- cient to remind the people of what would again occur if
fhey restore Mr. Van Buren and his sub-treasurers to
office.
MR. VANBITREN's POPULARITY.
"When Mr. Van Buien was elected, in 1836, with the aid of
all the officers of the government, together with all the in-
fluence which General Jackson possessed, and which was
exerted in his behalf—
He received .... 764,747 votes.
His opponent received • - - 736,172 "
H. of Reps.
His majority only
26.575
This was at a time when there was no united organized
'opposition throughout the Union, as has taken place since.
At the election m 1840, when he had the patronage oi the
government, and the whole army of government officers and
dependants, to aid his election—
General Harrison received - -1.269,626 votes.
Mr. Van Buren received - -1,126,137 "
Gen. Harrison's majority
143,626
Of the electoral votes, Mr. Van Buren received sixty,
and Gen. Harrison two hundred and thirty-four. Of t^e
States, Mr. Van Buren had seven, and General Harrison
nineteen.
He was beaten in every division of the Union; in the
northern, middle, southern, and western States. And in j
New York, his own State, he was beaten 13,293.
It is not wonderful that such overwhelming popularity,
accompanied with So unparalleled a defeat, should endear
him to the old officers, and leeches, and rats, who have been
pensioned upon the government, by whom he had been sus-
tained, and lor whose benefit he had administered the .gov-
ernment. They naturally wish to fatten once more on the
public crib. They desire a restoration, and expect to be
restored to the fat offices and jobs trom which they were
driven, if the defeated administration is restored to power;
for the victory will not be complete, unless these same
treasury leeches are replaced at their old treg^ry teats;
and what instrument is so suitable for their ^ftposes as
"the great rejected?"
MR. VAN BUREN'S RESPECT FOR THE PEOPLE.
It has always been claimed for Mr. Van" Buren that he
had great regard for the people. And although he has
shown as little regard for them as any other public man,
yet he has never lost an opportunity of courting and flatter-
ing the people, as long as there was a probability of their
being induced to sustain himself and his projects.
In his message of 9th December, 1837, he says:
"The national will is the supreme law of the republic; and,
on all subjects within the limits of his constitutional power,
shouldbe obeyed by the public servant."
Again: "The sober second thought of the people is sel-
dom wrong, and is always efficient/5
Such expressions were formerly lavished in profusion.
But after his disastrous defeat by such an enormous majori-
ty, m 1840, his views of popular intelligence xinderwent a
material change: "The case being altered, it alters the case."
Formerly, his own friends adopted and used banners, hickory
brooms, &c.; then it was all light. In 1840, the vhigs
amused themselves, and annoyed their opponents, with
emblems also. The Van Burenites finding, after various
trials, thai there was neither hurrah nor music in his name,
suddenly assumed to be the exclusive deccncy and dignity
party. Consequently, they denounced cider barrels, as
though they were kegs of pgpvder; and log cabins, as if
they were baronial castles; and whig songs, as tieason to
the governmeat.
Mr. Van Buren has become emboldened by the assump-
tion of extra decency and dignity by his friends, and has ic-
cently, in a letter, in answer tu a Hamsburg committee, ex-
hibited his true feelings towards the people. The commit-
tee, in speaking of the canvass of 1S40, says:
"Then reason was dethroned, and a whirlwind of passion,
folly, and madness, swept through the land. The decei\ ed
votary, like the wanderer in the desert led by the mirage,
pressed on to grasp the delusive representation."
In his libel on the people, Mr. Van Buren, in Us response,
thus acquiesces:
"I cannot, I am confident, add anything to the masterly
and eloquent description which you have given of the na-
tional struggle.
"Singular as it may seem to those who are not m a situa-
tion to judge correctly of the circumstances, it is neverthe-
less true that a condemnation by the people of the Lnited
States of many of the means to which our opponents had re-
course in that canvass, is not less important to the perma-
nent welfare of our country, and its political institutions,
than the overthrow of thp principles they labored to estab-
lish. "While the effects ofthe success of the latter were in a
measure limited and temporary, the employment of the
former struck at the very foundation upon which our politi-
cal edifice was based. * * * * * t
Without more particularly noticing the humiliating details
to which you allude in your communication, can it be pre-
tended that there could be any expectation of success for
such eiforts, unless founded upon the as^imption that the
popular voice was not 'under the guidance of reason and
virtue,'or upon the supposition that the moral principles of
the people to whom those degrading appeals were made,
might be corrupted by a resort to such practices?
"Can we expect the people,of this country to maintain the
elevated standing in the eyes ofthe world which they have
hitherto enjoyed, if, after the lapse of years, and the fullest
opportunity tor reflection, they suffer themselves to be a
second time operated upon by appliances, from the use of
which every friend to free government must turn with mor-
tification and disgust?1'
Mr. Van Buren, in his whole letter, lays down no political
principle, and gives his opinion upon no political question
whatever; but he gives the people who voted against him
in 1840 very distinctly to understand that he considers that
at that time their "reason was dethroned," and they were
swept into the whig ranks by "passion, folly, and mad-
ness." He very condescendingly lets them know that wlug
conventions, log cabins, and whig songs, are "humiliating
details" and "degrading appeals,'- from which his demo-
cratic soul "turns with mortification and disgust." How-
very consistent and complimentary are these remarks, to
come from a professed democrat and great lover ofthe dear
people, because the people, in their "sober sccond thought,"
had seen proper to dispense with his services!
Surely those persons who voted against Mr. Van Buren in
1840, and the people at large, will have too great respect for
the squeamish stomach of the "Little Magician," to again
excite his "mortification and disgust" by voting against him
in 18441
I must beg permission to tell Mr Van Buren that he un-
derrates the intelligence of the people, and overrates his
own importance and influence, if he thinks, by such a tirade
as this, to regain an influence over public opinion. No de-
feat was ever more "overwhelming—none more deserved;
and I will commend to his attention, as peculiarly applicable
to the election of General Harrison in 1840. the concluding
sentence of his message to the legislatuie of New Yuik in
1829, on the election or General Jackson. It may call up
some reflections, which are not the less true because they
are unpalatable:
"I beg leave to congratulate you, and through you our
constituents, on the result of the late election for President
and Vice President of the United States—a result which,
while it infuses fresh vigor into our political system, and
adds new beauties to the republican character, once more
refutes the odious imputation that republics are ungrateful,
dissipates the vain hope that our citizens can be influenced
by aught save appeals to their understanding and love of
country, and finally exhibits, in bold relief, the omnipo-
tence of public opinion, and the futility of all attempts to
overawe it by the denunciations of power, or to seduce it by
the allurements of patronage.
"M. VAN BUREN.
"Axjuny, January 6, 1829."
JUST SENTIMENTS.
On the 6th March, 1841, two days after Mr. Van Buren
had retired from the presidential chair, having grown sick
of politics, he wrote the follow ing just sentiment in his let-
ter to the general assembly of Missouri:
"No one can expect, or should desire, to be always in office
under a government and institutions like ours; and 1 have
enjoyed this privilege long enough to satisfy my utmost
ambition."
It is to be regretted that the short respite Mr. Van Buren
has had from political life, has agam enkindled 1ns lust for
power, and indomitable thirst for office, for he is doomed to
be a disappointed man.
"When Mr Van Buren was on his tour to the "West, in
1842. he crossed the,Mississippi, and was welcomed by a
leading democrat, now an M. C. In his address he said: *
"You, sir, are the first President that ever crossed the
theJRubicon. You retired, in 1840, from the presidential chair
with the unanimous approbation of the American peo-
ple."
There is every reason to believe that the American peo-
ple heartily coincide with the sentiments, contained m the
extract from the Missouri letter as well as in those uttered
by the Missouri orator. Why, then, should politicans seek
to drag him from the classic shades of "LindenwaM?'
SONGS, BANNERS, &C.
Although I am aware that the baie mention of songs and
banners will affect some gentlemen like the showing of
water to a mad dog, and maj cause them to rave somew hat
out of time and tune, 1 must invite their attention to this
subject Permit me here to remark, that although the uhigs
douce songs and banners, they do not pretend that such
things-can change votes. The> haveioo high a regard for
the sense and intelligence of voters to believe so. But
when a man has read or li^ e led until he has become con-
vinced, it is as natural for him to sing a song, or make a
banner expressive of his feelings, as it is foi a man with a
clear conscience, to have hiv. face lit up ■with a smile, or as
it is natural and appropriate in a handsome woman to dec-
orate herself with becoming apparel.
But it is not to whig, but locofoco songs and banners that
I desire to invite attention. Do gentlemen suppose the
people have forgotten the hickory poles, hickory brooms,
and hickory bushes, which they formerly paraded on all
-occasions, and the pictures of a hog with, which they headed
their tickets, to influence their party to "go the whole hog"
in elections'? And even now, whenever one of their party
is suspected of disaffection, do you not see him fasten him-
self on to a hickory stick, and tote it about as an emblem of
his faithfulness? - Why; sir, in 1840, those men who stand
highest in the party of these fault-finding gentry, lesorled
to the very same things which they now condemn in, Ten-
nessee, they had their hickory, bushes and ^)olk stalks.
• During the canvass, and shortly preceding the election in
1840, General Jackson was invited to a political meeting in
Jackson, Tennessee,-where he attended and made an ad-
dress. Several thousand persons were present. A p'ublic
dinner was also given, well, sir, at this dinner, a large
ash-cake was baked, containing about three bushels of com
meal. This was put on the table, and a hickory bush stuck
in the centre of it, and three plates put on the ash-cake,
and out of these plates ate General Jackson, Felix Grundy,
and James K. Polk.
Should this be questioned, I am authorized to refer to hon-
orable gentlemen lrom Tennessee for its accuracy. These
squeamish gentlemen must not understand me as finding?
fault with this arrangement. "Whether a man prefers to eat
ofl' a table or an ash-cake, is altogether a matter of taste,
and 1 am willing every man should consult his own. Yet,
when any of these gentlemen again find fault with whig
banners and whig ash-poles, 1 do hope they will re-
member this Jackson ash-cake, tvith the hickory-bush stuck
init.
These gentlemen also seem to have forgotten the songs
they used to sing in the halcyon days of Jacksonism. Thja
is one of the secrets of their downfall. People that can't
sing and rejoice, are already on the downward road tode 
feat. I have one of these old Jackson songs now before
me, beginning "Jackson's a coming, olio, oho," which I
used to hear tnc girls sing to the tune of "the Campbells are
coming;" and a downright good song it is. But now, since
the ladies, nearly to a man, have turned to be Clay-men, it
is not surprising that those persons, who are so intent after
"the loaves and fishes," should feel a holy horrorat hearing
a whig song. These men who are hankering after the
"spoils of ofhee," had just as well prepare themselves for
"one of the tallest falls" they ever got in their livesjfor we
have the songs written, the music set, and pietty girls
enough on our side to sing the last hope out of "VanBu-
renism.
Occasionally, of late, these song-haters have endeavored
to indulge in a locofoco son^ themselves. But whenever
they have done so,it is both pitifuland sorrowful to hear the
miserable doggerel they have to sing. There is neither
sense, metre, nor music in it A specimen of this occurred
at "the great Jackson jubilee at Faneuil Hall," Boston, on
the loth of March instant. A copy of the proceedings has
been sent to each of the members of Congress in the "Bos-*
ton Times,'* a democratic paper. Mr. Rantoul, Mr. Hen-
shaw, Mr. Brownson, and the other leadinglocos partici-
pated in the meeting. After giving their, speeches, the
Times says:
"Mr. Butler was here called upon to sing the following
song, which he did with inimitable effect, accompanied by
the band, and the whole company joining in chorus. The
political allusions were very heartily cheered, and no^ae
more so than that in reference to "Honest John Tyler."
The song is too long to give it all, but here is enough for
a specimen of the poetry, which seems to have delighted
the fancy and pleased the taste of the locos of Boston, that
American Athens of music, literature, and refinement.
Tune—"Old Dan Tucker."
"Oh, den dey've got a mighty hos,
Some w ant to put him on de course, J*""" J
De man wat killed old red Tecumseh;"
And den 'twill be with a rumsey, dumsey.
Get out the way old Kentucky, i
You're too late to come de sucky.
"And den dere's Cass, whose up to snuff,
I guess he gibde British 'nougli,
He'll win de race like a young grey hound,
An you'll heai him snort at ebery bound.
Get out the. way, &c.
"New, uncle Pete, as you is from deSouf, andiscon-
sid'ble out ob bref, s'pose j'ou lemonade on a varse 'bout de
Soudern hos.
A varse 'bout de Soudern hos?
Yes-s-s-s, a varse 'bout de Soudern hos;
Berry well, here's um.
"Oh, den dere's de soudern hos Calhoun,
"Who eat ebery day some fifteen coon:
To lick Kentuck dat hos is able,
An nebber take lie hind foot out ob de stable.
So get out the way, &a.
"He-ah! he-ah! Hear him nigger! Eat ebery day xome
fifteen coon' Best to suck all dat?
"Guess he got some fur m he mouf, any way.
Nebber mind dat; eat fifteen coon—ebbcr day. you "say.
uncle Pete7
Ehevy day.
- "Now, Sam, as you is a real Wirginny nigger, you go
ahead on a varse ?bout John Tyler. I shall hope to 'cover
my bref by dat time.
Well,"well, Is'e accommodate, sein its yon.
"Dere's a 'ginny hos dey call John Tyler,
"Who bust, 6ne day, ole Harry's biler;
An true as I sing dis same ole tune,
He is de chap to whip de coon.
And den, you see, while poor ole Kentuck was coffin'
like de berry ole scratch, dom lokies—ehasv! chaw!—dey
sing
Get out de way, &c.
"Now stand back, coon! I hab perfectly 'cover myself,
and dis exhibition will be close by dis nigger, indiwidooly;
come, den!
"Dere's Van-who's most as good as new—
We've tried him once, and found him true—
But who's de chap to whip ole Clay,
We'll show de world dis coming May
Get put the way," &c. -
