wp
CONGRESSIONAL GtofiE.
617
the bill was advanced to its present stage, <iid not now pro-
pose to occupy much of the time'of the Senate in a speech
opposing its-passage. He should merely say that it appear-
ed to him to be a bill of very dangerous character. It was,
as he understood it, a general bill to authorize the payment
of evidences of public debt presumed to be stolen—that is,
to make the government lllimitably liable in cases where
its obligations having been already paid and cancelled, the
evidences of the payment and cancelling may be artfully
and fraudulently obliterated. It appeared to him to be an
exceedingly dangerous principle. He did not mean, howev-
er, to make a speech on the occasion. His object was sim-
ply to state the grounds upon which he could not vote for
the bill.
Mr. EVANS did not anticipate any objection to the pas-
sage of this bill. It appeared to the committee to be most
just and expedient. The facts out of which it had grown
were quite as well known to the Senate as to the commit-
tee. About two years ago, oralitde less, a considerable
amount of treasuiy notes, which had been issued here at
that time, were paid into the custom-house of the city of
New Orleans, and were there cancelled, because their pay-
ment into the custom-house or land office is an extinguish-
ment of them. Before they were returned to the depart-
ment here, they were purloined or stolen. There was no
evidence of their being cancelled, other than what was*
written on the back of the notes in ink. The word "can-
celled,'' which was written on the backs, was carefully
erased as to leave no sort of vestige of their having ever
been cancelled. They appeared as perfect as any notc-s that
had never been cancelled ot all, and again got into circula-
tion The loss of them w as not discovered at the Treasury
Department for the period of about nine months. Many of
them, in their circulation, got into banks, and into the hands
of private persons, now holding them. Many of them were
paid into other custom houses and land offices, and into the
hands of receivers and collectors, who were pledged to take
them. The law required that treasury notes should be re-
ceivable in all cases in which they were piesented in pay-
ment of public dues at the custom-houses and land offices.
Here were these notes, without the slightest ev idence upon
them of cancellation—nothing to desecrate them whatever
—thus presented to persons whose duty it was by law to
receive them Those persons had received them; and what
was the consequence? Collectors, receivers, and others,
who had taken them m good faith, could not obtain the re-
ception of them at the Treasury Department, because the
department held that they had once been cancelled. "What
was to be done, then' How were these officers of the cus-
toms and land offices to know that they had been cancelled?
There was nothing on earth to show that they had been
cancelled.
He had said that they were not cancelled in the manner
in which the Secretary of the Treasury had directed, by a
rule of the department. The reason given, as ascertained by
an agent of the department who went to New Orkans, was,
that the collector of the customs there had never received
this order of the Secretary of the Treasury. It vv as a eiicu-
lar from the Treasury Department to the public officers hut
had never reached him, and he w as therefore ignorant of the
mode prescribed by the Secretary. He cancelled them
upon the baclc, not knowing the regulation of the department.
These collectors, receivers, and private individuals, who
took them after they had been pmloir.ed, without the slight-
est knowledge of the manner 111 which it was done, now
asked that they should be paid or allowed credit for
them Propriety and a sense of justice towards these indi-
viduals required that payment ot the notes should be allow-
ed them. What w oi'Id be the consequence in the event of
a refusal? How were the community, or the officers
of the customs and land offices, to know whether any
treasury notes offered to them are genuine or not?
Thousands of dollars are offered to the custom-house offi-
cers daily in treasury notes which the law compels them
to take He could not—if left liable to the consequence-
take them, for he did not know whethei they had been can-
celled or not. It was desirable that as long as a currency of
this description was in circulation, it should carry with it a
credit. If this bill was not passed, the result would be th?t
these custom-house officers would be compelled to take .such
of these notes as were still in circulation it was manifest
then, that these persons should be indemnified The amount
winch tliey claimed w as not very great He believed the
w hol."> amount stolen from the custom-hou^e at N"ew Or-
leans was about ?)100,0d0; and. so far as could be ascertained,
trie amount put into circulation was about $20,000. The lull
required these individuals to make affidavit before the com is
of the United States and adduce the most ample proof that
they took the notes in good faith and had no knowledge of
their being cancelled or stolen, so thar it w as absolutely im-
possible than any other than honest holder*-- should r< ccivc
anv benefit from" the pass-age of this hill Th>*re was no? the
most remote probability that the lohhers themselves would
be tempted in the slightest d< gree 1 y it
Thr^e weie the genpral considerations by w hicli the com-
mittee were influenced in recommending its parage i: bad
the entire confidence and approbation o! the ^oeivtary of the
Trca^urv, for he had a long letrer f;om bun connncnding
the course of the committee 1 here w as no danger at ail to
be apprehended fioin the p is<ag<} of the bill It hid. in
been originally framed by the Secretary of the Treasury;
but subsequently greatly modified by the ( omrruttee on li-
nnnce.bv the addition of amendment?, such f*> the committee
thought'necessary to guard the gov ernment against any
possibility of being imposed un^n by fraudulent claims
arising; out ot the possession of any portion of these treas>urj
notes not held by innocent persons who took them m good
faith
Mr "WRIGHT, on examining *he bill, found. hf had
imposed, that it was o general hill not simplv applicable to
those cases alone identified w ith the treasury notes stolen
fiom the New Orleans cu^fum-house but applicable to all
government securities, as well as to them
Mr EVANS assured rbe senator he was mistaken The
bill solely applied to the treasury notes stolen from the New
Orleans custom-house
Mr WRIGHT though;, if it was intended to nrply merely
to those treasury notes, it ought to be so .specified, as there
was nothing in the bill itself to limit its extension. 2 he
limitation should certainly be to th^t portion of the notes
which had got into the hands of innocent Tiolders previous
to the discovery and publication of the theft; otherwise the
purloiners could, under this act, easily contrive to get the
remainder into the hands of holders unconscious of the theft
or publication, so that the government would have to pay
them. If this bill should pass in its present form, all those
treasury notes which have, nut got into circulation would
speedily be circulated. Now, he had supposed that all the
Committee on Finance would assume to do, (when an indi-
vidual case came into his hands tor presentation, and was
referred to that committee,) would be, to frame f.ome meas-
ure applicable merely to cases occurring previous to the
discovery and publication of the list of treasury notes pur-
loined. But this bill enacts that, whenever "any treasury
note which has been received or redeemed by any author-
ized officer of the government has been subsequently pur-
loined or stolen and put into circulation, without having up-
on it any evidence or marks of having been cancelled, and
has been received by any person, or institution, for a full
consideration, in the usual course of business, without no-
tice or knowledge of the same having been redeemed or re-
ceived as aforesaid, or having been cancelled, or having
been purloined or stolen as aforesaid, and without any cir-
cumstances existing to create suspicion of the good faith
or due caution with which the same may have been received
by such person or institution, he (the Secretary of the
Treasury) shall be, and hereby is, authorized to cause the
amount of such note to be paid to the innocent hol-er
thereof, out of any money in the treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated." Now, it appeared to him that the purloiners
of the notes, or their accomplices, would, immediately af-
ter the passage of this act, make it their business to
get the balance of the notes yet in their hands, in-
to circulation, for their value, to innocent persons, who
could comply with all the conditions requisite to insure
their payment at the treasury. He would ask, was there^
not at least great danger that in passing such a law, tempta-
tion would be given to clerks and agents who are daily in
the receipt of treasury notes to countenance the circulation
of these cancelled notes0 It appeared to him that the bill
ought to be limited to cases occurring previous to the pub-
lication of the treasury list of the stolen notes; but while
he said this, he did not say that he was himself prepared to
go even so far as that
Mr. DAYTON requested the bill would be read,
It was read accordingly, as follows:
Be it enurted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of ^jnenra in Con°re<a ti'^eniklcd. Ihat
whenever it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the Secrotaiy
of tiie Treasury, upon due proof taken in the manner here-
inafter directed, that any treasury note which has been re-
ceiv ed or redeemed by any authorized officer of the govern-
ment has been subsequentlv purloined or stolen, and put
into circulation, without having upon it any evidence or
mark's of having been cancelled, and has been received by
an}' person, or institution, for a full consideration, in the
usual course of business, without notice or knowledge of
the same having been redeemed or received as aforesaid, or
having been cancelled, or having boon purloined or stolen
as aforesaid, and without any circumstances exiling to
create suspicion of the good faith or due caution w ith winch
the same may have been recened bv such person or institu-
tion he shall be, and hereby is, authorized to oaiu-o the
amount of such note to be paid to the innocent holder thereof,
out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appro-
priated: Provided, That the facts upon which any such
payment shall be made shall be proved by the oath of a
credible witness or w ltnesses, taken before any judge of
the United States, in open court, who shall ceiitilj to the
credibility of such witness or witnesses, in the prfsence of
the district attorney oi the United States for said district,
who shall appear on behalf of the United States, and pro-
pound such interrogatories as he mav deem run essarv for
the discovery of the whole truth connected with «<tid ex-
amination, all which evidence shall be transmitted to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and preserved in his depart-
ment; and all wilful false swearing, upon such exai Tinn^jun.
shall be, and hereby is declared to be, perjury. and liable to
the punishment, for that offence, prescribed by the laws of
the United States: ,/lnd j>/ot"led, faithw. That a statement
of all treasury notes paid under the provisions oi this act,
within the preceding year shall be submitted to f ongre?s
with the annual report of the Sec ret ny of the Treasury m
relation to the linances.
Src 2 .'Ind hf i' t'-iitJ.d er>a<red. That when any officer or
agent of the United States, clulj authorized to ie_,r1ve, or
n deem, or cancel anv tieasurv notes issued by authority of
Inn-, has received, or shall rcceiv e. or ho« paid, or shall
pay, an) treasury note which had been previously received
or redeemed In any officer or agent having authoiitv to re-
c<-.vo or redeem such note, and win: h had subscquei^ly
thereto been purl lined and put in*o circulation, the Secre-
tary of the Trea^u-y. upon full an 1 satisfactory pioof that
tne same had b^m receiv cd or paid in good faith, and in the
exorci-e of ordmorv pi ud"ni't . may allow a iredit foi the
amount of such note, to the niecer or agent co receiving1 or
pa) ing the same, and all credits which huve. before the
pisspgc of tins at i, been allowed in such cares, and under
such circumstances are hereby sanctioneh
Mr. ^VANS had no desire or intention to continue dis-
cussion upon this matter It was plaml) to be seen by the
bill itself, that it was so caie'ully guarded that none ! ut
In nay dp holders of the stilen treasury notes, nnenuseimis
of any tiaud tit tne time of taking then1, could benefit by the
law ; 'and it was lteht and proper that such innocent holders
should n^t ho allowed to sutter by their confidence m the
public faith The holder of anv suchn-.te, applying for
payment, or credit on it. ic i canned to £o into public couit
and submit to the cios^-exauimat'on of the dist: set alto1 ney
as to the lii^niv.r m which it c^ne into his hands It ap-
peared to bnn to be impossible, under the ugid re-
quired by the b<ll b>at any fraud could be praei.> «d on the
government A* to excluding those who did not obtain the
iictes now m tlvir hands till alter the publication of the
treasury list, it w as obvious that great hardship and injus-
tice mi^ht arise from such a limitation In many portions
of the United States, it was well know n that such public
notices w ere not seen for six months after thov appeared in
this city or m New York; and. no doubt, hi man) instances,
they were never heard of at all,
Mr. SIMMO&3 inquired what amount, oUt oY tbe~$t0©,©OO
of treasury notes purloined, Xrom the' cuilom-hon&e'of J^ew
Orleans, would fau upon the treasury under 'this Mil. He
understood it to be stated at from $20,G00 to' $30,060.
Mr-EVANS observed that the Treasury Department had
taken every step necessary to ascertain that fact, and-had
come to the conclusion that the portion of tlie stolen QOtes
put into circulation, and liable to redemption under this bill,
did not exceed the amount stated by the senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. DAYTON did not mean to say he would not vote for
the bill as it now stood; but he would submit to the chair-
man of the Finance Committee, whether it would not be
better to let all cases arising after the publication of the
treasury list, stand upon their own special merits, by leav-
ing them for special legislation as each claimant appears.
He confessed there was much difficulty in legislatingby a
general bill on such an occasion as this. Perhaps some of
that difficulty might be removed by limitation; for instance,
the word "heretofore" in the proper place in the bill would
confine its operations to cases occurring previous to the
passage of the bill.
Mr. EVANS did not consider that of the slightest conse-
quence: the language of the bill as it now stands being, that
"any treasury note which has been" &c. applying to past
time.
Mr. DAYTON submitted that in acts of legislation such
phraseology applied to future time as well as past time.
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested that instead of the word
"heretofore," the words "previous to the passage of this
bill," might be inserted.
Mr. EVANS had no objection to the adoption of that sug-
gestion.
B) the general assent these words were inserted in the
first section so as to make it read thus: "any treasury note
which has been received or redeemed previous to the passage
of tins net, iiC-
The question was then taken, and the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the special order was called,
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of the execu-
tive business; and after some hours spent therein,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 23, 1844.
The Journal having been read, .
Air. ("OBB asked the general consent of the House to in-
troduce the proceedings and resolutions of a meeting held
in the State of Georgia, in favor of the annexation of
Texas
The CII nil "aid that there was a motion already pending
to suspend the rules.
Mr. COJBB hoped the resolutions would be received by
general conscnt. No gentleman, he presumed, objected.
Mr. WHITE said he would not object to the reception of
the resolutions, but would object to their being printed.
Mr. ( OBB <aid that resolutions from other states, on the
same subject, had been received and printed by order of the
Ilou^-etand, a51 a representative of the State of Georgia, he
was not prepared to draw a distinction between the citizens
of that State and the eiti/ens of other States Jf the House
choce to make the distinction he must acquiesce; but it w-as
his duty to insist on the printing.
Mr. WHITE said that it never had been the practice ot
the House to print any other resolutions than those coming
from a State If the gentleman persisted in moving the
printing of the resolutions, he must object to their recep-
tion
Mr COBB moved the suspension of the rules, to enable
him to olid the resolutions.
The CHA1II said there was a motion already pending to
suspend the rules to receiv c a resolution from the gentle-
man from Tennessee
The question was then put on the pending motion to sus-
pend the rules, and decided m the negative
Mr C OBB moved to suspend the rules to rcccivc his reso-
lutions
Mr. WHITE called for the yeas and and nays; which were
ordered.
Mr WHITE called for the reading of the caption of the
resolutions and the reading of the resolutions themselves
being cailed for b) seveial. they were read.
Mi WHITE moved for a call of the House, and cailed for
the j ea:- and nays on the "question.
The question being put on the motion for a call of the
Uoiih . it was rejectee'—yeas 42, nays 1^1.
The question then recurred on the motion to suspend the
rules; on which the yeas and nays were taken, and result-
ed as follows: yeas 7o, nays 99:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington. Atkinson, Bayley. Bidlack,
Edward J. Black. James Black, James A Black, Black-
well. Bower. William J Brown. Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Shepherd Cary, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Clinch, «.Jiutoi. Cobb, Cullorn, Daniel. John W. Davis-,
Belief, Drori^oole, Flmer, Earlee, Foster, Goggin, Ham-
met Haralson, Tin s, Holmes. Hoge, Houston, Hughes,
James B. limit, ( hrales J. Iti^ersoll, Jameson, Andrew John-
son, (Jcorce "W. Jor.c\ Kirkpatnck, Labianche, Leonard,
Lucas, Luinpkm, McCauslen, McClelland. McCkrnand,
McDonnell, McDowell, Murphy Nevuon, Noiris, Emery
D Potter, David S. Rcid, Rello, Roberts, Russell, Satin-
dor?, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stee'nrod, Stephens, Stiles. Stone, Taylor, Thompson, Tib-
batts. Tucker, Wentworth, "Woodward, Joseph A. Wright,
and i'ost—~.j.
NAV S—.\;e=sr<? Ahl ott. Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
rir.^er, Ba/nard, Benton. Brengle, Brmkerhoff. Brodhead,
,\ lfton Brown. Jeremiah Frow'n, Bnfhngton. Cairoll, C'at-
lin, Caucin, f'hngrnan, Collamor, Cranston. Dana, Darragh,
Garrett I'avis, R. D Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dickey. Dickin*
son, Dillingham, Dunlap, Ellis, florence, Foot, Giddings,
Wiihs fbeen, B^ ram Gtetn. Giidei, Hale, Hamlin, Hardin,
Harper flerrick, Hubbell, "Washington Hunt, Joseph R.
Ingersoll Iivin, Jcnks, < . Johnson. Perlev B Johnson: John
F Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel 1'. King, Maclay. Mcll-
vcune. Mekay, Marsh, Edward J.Morris, Morse. Moseley,
Nes. farm enter, Rlicemx, Bollock, Elisha R. hotter, Pratt,
Preston. Purdy, Ramsev. Charles M. Reed, Reding, Ritter,
Robinson, Rockw ell, Rodney, Rogers, St. John, Samplef
