m
congressional globe.
Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David
L, Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, Caleb ii. Smith, Stet-
son, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Strong, Summers,
Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, ~ Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
White, Williams, Winthrop, and William Wright—99.
So the rules were not suspended} two-thirds net voting in
the affirmative.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
- On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved itself
into Committee ot the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr.
Drongoole in the chair, and resumed the consideration of
the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. RATKBUN moved an additional section to the bill.
On the question of its adoption, the votes w.er.e taken by
tellers, and were ayes 66, noes 28—no quorum.
On a second connt there were ayes 71, noes 36—still no
quorum voting.
Mr. McDO WELL moved that the committee rise.
On this motion the votes, taken by tellers, were ayes 4,
noes 116.
So the committee refused to rise, and a qporum voted.
Mr Rathbun's amendment, after being modified incom-
pliance with suggestions from various members, was read.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether an additional penalty had
ever been affixed to a misdemeanor or felony by a proviso
in this manner. He desired to know whether it was con-
stitutionally within the power of Congress to affix a new
penalty in addition to those which already existed.
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to o*der.
The question was put on the adoption of the amendment,
and, by ayes 75, noes 50, it was adopted.
Mr. G. DAVIS offered the following, which was adopted:
%&nd be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated for the purchase of American water-rotted
hemp forthe use of the navy, the sum of $50,000.
Mr. McKAV offered the following amendment:
Be it further enacted, That the following sums be, and
the same are hereby, appropriated to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations lor the naval service, made for the year
ending the 30th June, 1844, and under the following heads:
For the pay of superintendents, naval constructors, and
all the civil establishments of the seveial navy yards,
$12,000.
For the increase, repair, armament, and equipment of the
navy, and wear and tear of vessels in commission, $120,009.
For the completion of an iron steamer on Lieutenant
Hunter's plan, and now in course ol' construction at Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, $200,000.
For contingent ejyienses enumerated, $200,000.
For contingent expenses not enumerated, $1,500.
For steamers on the lakes, $18,600 8-2.
For clothing for the navy, including transportation, and
any other expense, to be reimbursed out of the sale of
elothing, $130,000.
Mr McK. called forthe reading of a communication shew-
ing that the appropriation contemplated in the amendment
was necessary to provide for deficiencies of the last year;
and it was read accordingly.
Mr. BRENGLE wished to inquire of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means if this largo appropriation
was intended for the operations of the squadron in the Gulf
of Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON objected to any question of the kind.
Mr. ADAMS objected to the amendment as out ot order,
on the ground that all appropriations must be considered in
Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIR said that the House was acting in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. ADAMS replied that no discussion was allowed, and
therefore the amendment was out of order.
The CHAIR said that the amendment was in order, and
that discussion wa« not in order.
Mr. ADAMS was proceeding to discuss the point of order:
when
He was called to order by the CHAIR, and asked if he ap-
pealed from the decision just made.
Mr. ADAMS said that he did, and called forthe yeas and
nays.
The CHAIR. The j eas and nays cannot be taken in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Dot's the gentleman call for tellers?
Mr. ADA vlS said he did, and again commenced discussing
the point of order; when
The CHAIR called him to order again, and informed him
that he could not be permitted to discuss it.
Mr ADAMS read a rule of the House which he said sus-
tained the pointraised by him: and
The CHAIR dnected the leading of the rule which pro-
vided for the suspension of the rules, so as to take bills out
of Committee of the Whole.
The question was then taken on the appeal, and resulted
fn sustaining the decision of the Chair—ayes 73, noei, 40.
The question recurring on Mr. McKay's amendment,
Mr. BARNARD called lor tellers; which were ordered.
Mr. McKAY, then, by permission, observed that this
amendment w as offered by direction of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and it was to supply a deficit in the ap-
propriations of the last year. As the amendment, however,
nad produced *ome excitement *n the committee, he would
withdraw it, and bring the proposition forward m a separate
Mr. KING of Massachusetts proposed an amendment to
prohibit spirit rations and to supply money as a substitute,
the vote on which was taken hy Messrs \Vi\-throp and G.
Joh.vson as tellers, and resulted thus—71 in the affirmative,
and 36 in the negative—being less than a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN said there was evidently a quorum
present, and gentlemen were requested to vote on the one
side or the other as they were required to do bv the rules of
the House.
The vote was again taken, and there were 75 in the affirm-
ative, and 49 in the negative. So the amendment was agreed
to. ®
Mr. HALE submitted an amendmenf for the abolition of
corporal punishment in the navy and marine corps, and the
repeal of all laws authorizing corporal punishment.
The vote (taken by Messrs. Sample and Baylev as tel-
lers) was 53 in the affirmative, and 39 in the negative, no
quorum voting.
1 he CHAIRMAN again respectfully called upon gentle-
man to vote as the rules required.
Mr. SCHENCK offered an amendment to the amendment,
to the effect that no order for shortening sail on ship board
shall be obligatory without the concurrence, by vote, of
a majority of the ship's company. (Laughter) That, he
remarked, would be at least democratic.
The vote on the amendment to the amendment was taken
by Messrs.-Sample and Bayley, as tellers, and 23 voted in
the affirmative. It was then abandoned.
The question then recurred on the amendment of the
gentleman from New Hampshire; on which the vote was
taken by the same tellers, and resulted thus—67 in the af-
firmative, and 63 in the negative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The committee then rose, on the motion of Mr. McKAY,
and repojted the bill, with its amendments, to the House.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was on agreeing
to the amendments of the committee.
Mr. COBB rose, and said he did not desire to say anything
on this bill, but to ask the House to give him permission to
introduce the resolutions from a meeting held in his district,
which he had before attempted to present to the House; but
taking the sense of the House, as heretofore exhibited, to
be against the motion to print, he would now only ask the
House to receive the resolutions, and he would move that
they be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER stated that they could only be received
with general consent.
No objections were made.
Mr. COBB moved that the resolutions be laid upon the
table.
^ The SPEAKER was putting the question on that motion,
when
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose, and asked the gentleman
from Georgia to withdraw his motion, to enable him (Mr.
Ingersoll) to substitute another.
Mr. COBB assented.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL was proceeding to address the
House, when
Mr. DEAN asked if the gentleman was in order.
Mr. WHITE rose to a point of order. He contended that
the gentleman from Georgia had obtained permission to
present the resolutions, with the condition that they should
be laid upon the table. Under rfc other circumstances
would the unanimous consent of the House have been
granted; and hence the gentleman from Pennsylvania could
not now go on and change the position of the resolutions be-
fore the House, leave having been given for a specific pur-
pose.
Mr. DROMGOOLF, replied. He said that he had not
waived any ofhis privileges, and contended that he retained
the right to make any motion in relation to the disposition
of these resolutions. The House gave its consent to the in-
troduction of the resolutions, with the understanding that it
was to be followed up by a motion on which the House
w ould be called to act.
Mr. WHITE said the proposition was a joint one, to re-
ceive and lay on the tabie.
Mr. DROMGOOLE dissented, and said the resolutions
having been received, it was competent for any gentleman
to move to make some other disposition of the resolutions.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL was proceeding to make some ob-
servations; when
Mr. WHITE interposed and called for a decision on his
point of order by the Chair.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he had supposed he should
have had the privilege of debate in this free country.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had been called upon to
decide the point of order, which was not a debatable ques-
tion.
Mr C. J. INGERSOLL stated his impressions of the facts
of the case.
Mr. COBB followed, giving them in substance as above
stated.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WHITE appealed from the decision of the Chair.
He again recapitulated the circumstances under which the
resolutions were brought before the House, and reiterated
the assertion, that ii the proposition of the gentleman from
Georgia had not been the specific joint proposition to re-
ceive and lay on the table, the unanimous assent of the
House would not have been granted; and, as it was granted
under such circumstances, no other could, in good faith, le
made, and, in fact, the general understanding under which
the resolutions came in, relieved the Chair from the neces-
sity of putting the question on the reception at all.
The resolutions had been received by unanimous con-
sent, with the express view to the motion to lay them on the
table being made, and any other motion in reference to
them would be out of order.
Mr. COBB obseived that he did not consider any other
motion, spve a motion to print, would be inconsistent with
the consent granted by the House; but as a different view
seemed to be taken by some gentlemen, with the consent of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and m case the gen^c-
man from Kentucky would withdraw his point of order he
would renew the motion to lay the resolutions upon the
table.
The gentleman alluded to having assented,
Mr. COBB renewed the motion to lay the resolutions on
the table; which motion was adopted.
Mr. DEAN moved that the rules be suspended, in order
that the House might resohv itself into Committee of tie
Whole on the state of the Union; and on this motion he
asked the 5 eas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and, on division
the votes were—56 in the affirmative, and 84 in the negative!
The rules were not suspended.
Mr, DUNCAN moved a suspension of the rules forthe
purpose of going into Committee of the Whole to take up
the bill extending the jurisdiction of the United States over
over the Territory of Oregon.
The SPEAKER remarked that the House had no author-
ity to direct what business should be taken up by the com-
mittee.
Mr. DUNCAN then moved that the House adjourn.
This motion was negatived; and
Mr. DUNCAN renewed his motion for a suspension of the
rules, that the House might resolve itself into < ommittee-of
the Vv hole on the state 01 the Union, and demanded the yea*
and nays: not ordered.
The votes were taken by tellers, and were, ayes 43,
noes 82.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. McKAY inquired what was the first business in or-
der.
The SPEAKER replied that the first business in order
was the bill making appropriations for the Post Office De-
partment, which had feen reported from the Committee of
the Whole, with amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he believed there were some bills
relating to the District of Columbia, which had been report-
ed to the House.
The SPEAKER' remarked that the positive direction of
the rule was, that appropriation bills should have prece*
dence over all other bills.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION.
The House then took up the bill making appropriations
for the Post Office Department.
* The pending question being on the amendment to abolish
the office ofpost office agents,
Mr. ELMER opposed the amendment. These agents had ex*
isted cotemporaneously with the post office itself. And they
were asked to abolish this office because it was alleged that
the agents did not fulfil their duties as they ought; and that
they interfered in electioneering. This might be true, but
he would ask were they prepared to abolish a necessary of-
fice becausc those intrusted with the duties of that office
had abused their trust? What office was there in the gift
of the government which was not liable more oV less to" be
abused by those appointed to fill such office? Ihiswasthe
case underall administrations, and would be so so long as
human nature remained the same. The office he considered
to be a most important one for the welfare of the Post Office
Department, in the ferretting out abuses, and detecting
frauds; and he trusted the House would not rashly deter-
mine to abolish the office.
Mr. HUDSON said he concurred with the gentleman in
most of his remarks. He believed it was neeessary that
agents should be employed by the Post Office Department;
but the question was whether it could not be done just as
effectually, and with less expense to the government, by
employing special agents whenever cases occur requiring
their services.
He saw no necessity for employing permanent agents
with sald.nes of $1,200 or $1,500 each, when the same ser-
vice could as well or better be rendered by temporary
agents; and he believed that the appropriation of $.5,000
w ould be amply sufficient to ©over all the necessary ex-
pense.
Mr. HARDIN did not agree w ith the gentleman who had
just taken his seat in the views expressed by him. From
what he had seen of these special agents in his State, and
the services they rendered, he was convinced that they
were indispensably necessary to the efficient service of the
Post Office Department. It was possible that some improp-
er persons might have been appointed to fill these offices,
and that some of them may have abused the trusts reposed
in them; but that was no reason why their offices should be
abolished. We must recollect, said he, that we are notle-
gislating^ for the present administration, which is soon to go
out of office, but for the whole country for two years ahead;
and therefore we should not abolish offices useful to the
country, because there may be one or two of them filled by
improper persona.
i\ir. HALE observed if that the money which was to go to
the agents of the Post Office Department was to be thrown
away or uselessly spent, he would not say one word, but
let it go with the other thousands and milli >ns which were
wasted in a similar manner; but, believing that this money
was not to be thrown away, but reapplied in a manner cal-
culated to do great mischief, he was compelled to raise his
voice against the appropriation It was his fortune, till he
was reformed out of office by this reforming administration,
to serve the country as prosecuting attorney in the State of
New Hampshire; and, during his service in that capacity,
he had never known of anv mail depredations being detected
by these agents, but, on the contrary, he had been con-
vinced that they were of no service in thr.t way whatever.
Believing the offices to be not only useless, but worse than
useless, ne would vote against the appropriations for them.
Mr. McCLEllNAND agreed with the views expressed by
the gentleman from New Hampshire, i\\ir. Hale.] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Hudson.] He was op-
posed to the appropriation for these post office agents, he«
cause, so far as his observation had extended, it was en-
couraging profligacy in the expenditure of the public money,
and corruption in the dispensation of the patronage of the
government. It was throwing into the hands of the execu-
tive some $28,000 to be emploved for political purposes,
and in corrupting the virtue ©f the people. He believed the
effect ©f this appropriation would be to enable the executive
to corrupt the political integrity of the nation to the extent
of $23,000. He was therefore opposed to the appropriation,
and would strip the executive of the* power he possesses,
through these agents, 10 tamper with the virtue of the
people.
'I here was a time when there was a great outcry against
political corruption, but it seemed that, under this admin-
istration, it had bpcome so common, as to pass almost with-
out notice What were the ends to be attained | by the
employment of these agents.' It was not so much to ferret
out frauds as to have political panders to go about the coun-
try and prostitute their officcs for the buying up^otes to
sustain the administration; and he was therefore opposed
to the extension of the executive patronage, to be used in
this way. A?ain: thes-e agents interposed between the
people and their representatives and the government. The
people of a particular section of the country may demand
of the Post Office Department the removal of an incompe-
tent or unfaithful postmaster, yet if that officer can bribe
the agent to interest himself in his behalf, he is kept in of-
fice, no matter how unworthy he maybe. Again: they in-
terpose between the people and the representatives ot the
people in regard to mail facilities. If the aid of one of
