f20
CONG&ESSIONAL GLOBE.
biBty o'f'spstraighteriing and deepening the channel on the
west shore of the straits of Detroit, opposite Fort Maiden,
as .to Tender it practicable for steamers andsail vessels; with
an estimate of the expense thereof, and of the expense of
removing all other obstructions and impediments to the
convenient and safe navigation from Lake Erie to Lake Hu-
ron.
•Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Zanesville, Muskingum county, Ohio, in
favor of the ratification of the treaty for the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States.
Mr. T. remarked that, in this petition, the main
ground and reason for asking its ratification was
their belief that, if the present golden opportunity to
consummate that object was rejected, Texas, from
necessity, would be thrown into the hands of that
grasping power—England. Great pains have been
taken to induce the American people to believe that,
unless the treaty for annexing Texas to the United
States should be immediately ratified, it would fall
into the possession of Great Britain. Where this
conspiracy to impose on public credulity origina-
ted—-from whence it proceeded—he need not say; it
is known to every one here. In all the public journals
of the country devoted to the present executive, in
all they can dupe and impose upon, you see this as-
serted and insisted upon. Pains—great pains—have
been taken to induce the venerable patriot Jackson
to believe this; and so far have these efforts pro-
ceeded, that the private secretary of the President of
Texas has been sent to General Jackson to impress
this upon his mind; and that it has succeeded, we
have evidence in the published letters of that emi-
nent citizen and public benefactor.
This, sir, is an imposition; a false and fraudulent
imposition attempted upon the mind of this nation;
and it would have succeeded in producing much
more extensively the action of the people in the
form now presented in favor of the treaty, if the ne-
farious conspiracy had not been defeated. And, sir,
the thanks of the nation are due to that senator who,
by publishing the treaty and correspondence, defeat-
ed it: ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the previous or-
ders were suspended, and the joint resolution from
the House of Representatives to authorize the Post-
master General to re-examine certain claims, and to
allow one month's extra pay to ccrtain mail contract-
ors, was taken up, considered, and passed.
The general orders being resumed, the Senate, hill
to consolidate and amend the acts in relation to the
pensions of widows and orphans of certain naval
officers, which w*s tiie first on the calendar, was
taken up, considered, and passed.
The title of the bill was then amended, on motion
of Mr. EVANS, by striking out the word certain,
and adding, after the word officers, the words seamen
and marines.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the previous
orders were suspended, and the Senate bill to es-
tablish a port of delivery at the city of Lafayette, in
the State of Louisiana, was taken up, considered,
and—subsequently having, by order, been engross-
ed—passed.
The general orders being resumed, the Senate bill
for the relief of Mary Reeside, executrix of the last
will and testament of James Reeside, deceased, was
taken up m its order, as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BERRIEN stated that this bill had been re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee 011 consideration
of a memorial referred to it. The memorial set
forth that a suit against the United States had been
decided in the courts of Pennsylvania m favor of Mr.
Reeside, awarding him a considerable sum as due to
him by the government 011 the settlement of his ac-
counts. The Judiciary Committee did not, by any
means, recognise the right of the courts of Pennsyl-
vania to entertain a suit against the United States;
but, upon examination of the facts adduced on
that occasion, conceived there were sufficient grounds
to authorize an inquiry and adjustment of the ac-
counts between the claimant and the United States,
by the proper officers of the government, under the
guidance of the Attorney General. In conformity
with this view, the present bill had been flamed and
was recommend by the committee.
Mr. HAYWOOD objected to any action ground-
ed on the records of a court unauthorized to entertain
suit against the United States. He understood,
from one of the officers of the departments, that
large sets-off appeared on the books of the govern-
ment against Mr. Reeside, and that, if they were
sustained, he would be brought considerably in debt.
He wished to have time to look into this matter,
and hoped the bill would be allowed to lie over till
to-monow.
Mr. BERRIEN had no personal solicitude about
the bill, further than that it appeared to the commit-
tee, of which he was the organ, to be a mere act of
justice and propriety that investigation into the
merits of the -claim should be authorized as recom-
mended. He did not object to the postponement,
if the reading of the bill aid not satisfy the senator
from North Carolina that it was sufficiently guard-
ed on the part of the government.
Mr HAYWOOD had read the bill, but it had
failed to satisfy him; and he would therefore ask its
postponement.
The bill was accordingly postponed till to-mor-
row.
The next bill on the calendar was the Senate bill
declaring the assent of Congress to the State of Illi-
nois, to impose a tax upon all lands hereafter sold
by the United States in that State, from and after
the time of such sale. This bill was taken up for
consideration as in committee of the whole.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said that at the time of the
admission of Illinois into the Union, and when this
matter of compact was under consideration on the
part of Congress, and on the part ofthat State, it was
deemed expedient by Congress to exact an agree-
ment by which the public domain, after it should
become individual property by sale, should be still
free from taxation for five years. This was at that
time sound policy on the part of the government,
because it would accelerate the sales of public lands
in the State; and it was also good policy on the part
of the State, because it would accelerate the popu-
lation. The State now, it would seem, found it to
her advantage to have an alteration made in this
compact, and made an application to Congress to
allow her the privilege of imposing a tax upon all
lands hereafter sold, instead of waiting for the expira-
ation of the term of years prescribed in the compact.
To refuse this demand would be to deprive a sov-
ereign State of this Union of one of the most impor-
tant privileges granted to any State—the right of
taxation, than which there was no privilege more
vital or essential. She came forward at the time
when the compact was entered into, and admitted
that it, would be to her interest. She now found
that it comported better with her policy, that, from
this time, these sales of the public lands within her
limits should not be subject to that compact; and in
making her application, she asked nothing that was
not fair—nothing that ought not to be granted. The
bill was sufficiently guarded. The rights of all par-
ties were preserved, who had heretofore made pur-
chases. It guarded the rights of all other parties.
The whole bill was prospective in its operation, and
related only to sales hereafter to take place. If pass-
ed, it would only place Illinois in the same situation
with other States of the Union.
Mr. BREESE (who was very imperfectly heard)
was understood to say that, in addition to the re-
marks made by the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, he would state that, since the com-
pact was made between the State and the govern-
ment, such a change had taken place on the part of
the latter in the whole system of disposing of the
public lands, that a corresponding change in the
State policy was justifiable and desirable. This
compact was made in 1818, when a credit of five
years was given to purchasers of public lands; and
it was then deemed only just and that the lands sold
should be exempt from taxation till the title passed
from the government to the purchaser. But since
that, the sales of the public lands have been for
cash, and the title passes forthwith to the purchaser;
so that there was no reason for exempting the land
from the very moderate taxation necessary for the
support of the State government. Illinois had, in
the prosecution of her public works, incurred a
debt, which rendered it essential that she should re-
sort to her sovereign right of internal taxation frr
its abatement; hence she made the application i;,r
this change in her compact with the Union. The
only objection that could arise, would be on the
grounds that, a restriction would be imooscd on the
sales of the public lands; but this would not in
ty occur, for these-lands weie no longer tak, 1: up
on speculation; they were sought after by actual set-
tlers, who never object to the moderate taxation ne-
cessary for State purposes. This bill would merely
place Illinois on the same footing with Michigan
Arkansas, and other States. = '
Mr. TAPPAN observed that it had been the set-
tled policy of the general government to exempt the
public lands from taxation for five years after sale.
Such had been its policy towards Ohio, and the
other States in which the public domain lay. It
was a policy that had been found to WQrk well, for
it enabled the government to sell the lands more
readily than it otherwise could have done. Expe-
rience had tested the wisdom of this policy. But if
now it is found, under other circumstances, to be
good policy for Illinois to call for a change, he did
not see why the benefits of that change should not
be extended to all the other new States, by making
this a general law. It did not seem to him to be
proper to exempt Illinois from an obligation that
was ^continued with regard to Missouri, Louis-
iana, and other new States in which large tracts of
the public domain or yet on sale. If the senator
from Illinois would make his bill general, he did not
know but he would give it his support
Mr. BREESE remarked that the reason why
other States were not included, was, that none other
than Illinois had called for this change of policy. It
would, he concieved, be time enough to legislate
with regard to them, when they should think fit to
all for legislation on the subject.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE stated that in Michigan ex-
perience had proved that the taxation of lands from
the time of sale made no perceptible impediment to
their settlement. He apprehended that in practice
it would be found so in Illinois too. The bill could
not affect those who had purchased lands heretofore
—it was entirely prospective in its operation.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, with the House bill making appropria-
tions for certain fortifications of the United States,
with an amendment to the Senate amendments of
said bill; and, on motion of Mr. EVANS, the
House's amendment was considered, being as fol-
lows:
To add to the Senate amendments [viz: for Fort Smith
$30,000, Fort Gibson $15,000 additional Fort Towson
$6,000j a proviso—"That the said appropriations shall be
applied, in the first instance, to the completion of the bar-
racks. quarters, and other needful buildings which may
have been commenced or arc in progress of construction
at the said western posts, and the Secretaiy of "War is
hereby required to take all proper means to effect that ob-
ject, by the employment of such of the United States troops
as may be stationed there in aid of said appropriations."
This amendment, on motion of Mr. EVANS,
was concurred in.
The House bill, making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department, just received
from the House, was then taken up, read twice,
and appropriately referred.
The genera! orders being again resumed, the
Senate bill supplementary to an act for the relief of
William Wynn, was taken up as the first in order,
considered, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. Subsequently, on motion of Mr. SE-
VIER, this vote was reconsidered, and the further
action on the bill was postponed till to-morrow.
The next was the House bill to alter the places
of holding the district court of the United States for
the district of New Jersey, which was taken up,
considered, and oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The Senate bill for the relief of James Ritchie was
also taken up, considered, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, the previous orders
were suspended, and the House bill for the relief of '
Adam L. Mills was taken up, considered, and
passed.
The general orders were then resumed, and the
next bill on the calendar, in order, was taken up,
being the Senate bill for the relief of J. Pemberton
Hutchinson, late consul of the United States at
Lisbon; which was considered, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the Senate, as the
order of the day, proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 24, 1944.
The journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. LABR.ANCHE asked leave to present the
memorial of certain citizens of the city of New
Orleans in favor of the reannexation of Texas.
Objections were made to its reception; but those
objections were subsequently withdrawn, and
Mr. LABRANCHE moved that the memorial be
referred to a select committee of five.
