634
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOS&
April', 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr-. C. B. Smith.
H. of Reps.
article which requires mechanical skill in its pro-
duction. The result of an unlimited system of
free trade between this country and Great Britain
would be the destruction of the agriculture of that
nation and the manufacturing' of this. It would be
a reciprocity of evil.' No nation can, for any length
of time, continue to purchase from abroad those
articles which it is capable of producing, without
in the end prostrating the industry at home em-
ployed in the production of such articles. The his-
tory of the Roman empire furnishes ample testi-
mony of the truth of this position. When her em-
pire extended over every portion of the world, and
her eagles had been borne by her triumphant cohorts
into every civilized nation, an unrestricted free
trade was prosecuted between the various prov-
inces embraced within her limits; grain was
freely imported into Italy, the heart of the em-
pire, from her Egyptian and African provinces.
The consequence was that the agriculture of Italy
declined; her fertile fields were neglected or con-
verted into pasturage, until her citizens were com-
pelled to depend upon importations of grain for their
subsistence. Alison, in his History of Europe,
thus speaks of the ruinous consequences of free
trade:
"No'nation can pretend to independence which rests for
any sensible portion of its subsistence in ordinary seasons
on foreign, who may become hostile nations. And if we
would see a memorable example of the manner in which
the greatest and most powerful nation may, in the course of
ages, come to be paralyzed by this cause, we have only to
cast our eyes on imperial Home, when the vast extent of
the empire had practically established a free trade in gram
with the whole civilized world; and the result was, that
cultivation disappeared from the Italian plains, and the race
of Roman agriculturists, the strength of the empire, became
extinct, that the fields were labored only by slaves and cat-
tle. The legions could no longer be recruited but from for-
eign bands ; vast tracts of pasturage overspread even the
field of Lombardy and the Campagna of Naples, and it was
the plaintive confession of the Roman annalist, that the mis-
tress of the world had come to depend for her subsistence
upon the floods of the Nile.,,
Gibbon, the great historian, also speaks it as fol-
lows:
''The agriculture of the Roman provinces was insensibly
ruined; and in the progress of despotism, which tends todis-
appoint its own purpose, the emperors weie obliged to de-
rive some merit from the forgiveness of debts, or the remis-
sion of tribute, which their subjects were utterly incapable
ofpa>ing. According to the new dmsion of Italy, the fer-
tile and happy province ot Campania, the scene ot the early
•victories and ol the delicious retirements of the citizens of
Rome, extended between the sea and the Appenines, from
the Tiber to the Silarius. "Within sixty years after the
death of Constantine. and on the e\ idencu of an actual sur-
vey, an exemption was granted in favor of 330,000 Knglish
acres of desert and uncultivated lond, which amounted to
one-eighth of the whole surface of the province. As the
footsteps of the barbarians had not yet been seen in Italy,
the cause of this amazing desolation, which is recorded m
the laws, can be asenbed only to the administration of the
Roman emperors."
We have here presented an instructive lesson of
the disastrous consequences resulting to an agricul-
tural country from a free importation of grains.
Consequences equally destructive to the mechani-
cal interests of this country would flow from a free
and unrestricted importation of manufactured fab-
rics. If we desire to foster the industry of our own
citizens—to render ourselves independent of foreign
nations for the necessaries of life—to furnish, with-
in ourselves, the articles necessary to clothe our pop-
ulation—to provide ourselves with the means of na-
tional defence in time of war, we must adopt such
protective duties as will limit the importation of
these articles.
My colleague upon my left [Mr. Wright] as-
sumes the position, that the tariff of 1842 rests upon
the labor of the country, and that it is especially
oppressive to the agricultural interest of the West.
This position is utterly untrue. So far from being
oppressed, I am firmly convinced that no portion of
the United States is more highly benefited by the
operation of that tariff, than the agricultural States
of the West. The manufacturers of New England
are not more imperatively required, by their own
interest, to cherish and sustain it, than are the peo-
ple of Indiana.
The great staples of the West are breadstuff's and
provisions. In proportion as the demand for these
staples is increased, and their prices enhanced, will
the prosperity of the country be advanced. The
price of pork and flour is a matter to which we look
with much solicitude. When the market for these
articles is depressed, and prices are low, we com-
plain of hard times. When the demand is active,
and prices are good, prosperity sheds its gladdening
influence upon every department of industry and
business. Oar farmers will always ^ive their sup-
port to that policy which is best calculated to pro-
duce this desirable result.
That a protective tariff, embracing such a rate of
duties as will extend -our manufactures, and increase
the home market for the sale of their commodities,
will facilitate this result, is, to my mind, entirely
clear. The advocates of low duties tell us that we
must look to foreign countries for a market for our
surplus produce, and that the imposition of low duties
will increase the extent of our market abroad. The
fallacy of this position can be made apparent by the
statement of a few facts.
In the first place, those European nations to
which we should look for a market for our agricul-
tural products, almost entirely exclude them from
their ports, by the imposition of high rates of duty.
Our sales abroad are limited to a very small amount-
No portion of the United States derives less advan-
tage from our foreign commerce than the West. Of
rll our exports, but a very small amount consists of
th jir agricultural productions.
The exports of articles, the growth or manufac-
ture of the United States, for the year 1839, amount-
ed to $103,533,891—about one hundred and three
and ahalf millions of dollars. Of this sum, only
§11,128,668, a little over eleven millions of dollars,
consisted of western productions, including beef,
tallow, hides, cattle, pork, hams, bacon, lard, hogs,
butter, cheese,;horses, mules, flour, wheat, corn,
and every other species of grain, potatoes, and ap-
ples.
The exports,- in 1840, of articles the growth or
manufacture of the United States, were $113,895,~
634, of which but $16,651,615 consisted of the ag-
ricultural products before enumerated.
The exports in 1841 were $106,382,722, of which
$14,727,355 were of agricultural products.
The exports in 1842, of articles [produced in the
United States, were $92,969,996, of which $14,565,-
037 were of the western productions which I have
before specified.
These statements show, that during a period of four
years, the exports of the productions of the west-
ern States amounted only to about one-seventh part
of the gross amount of our exports. This period,
too, embraces the time during which the duties on
foreign goods reached the lowest point under the
compromise act. We were then in the full enjoy-
ment of the advantages resulting from low duties;
and if the positions assumed by those who oppose
the tariff of 1842 are correct, we should then have
found the advantages which they contend will result
from a reduction of our duties. During the four
years above specified, the duties were each year
diminished under the provisions of the compromise
act until 1842, when they reached the minimum
point of 20 per cent. Did our exports of western
agricultural products increase as the duties dimin-
ished? The facts which I have presented, show
that they did not; for in each of the years of 1841
and 1842, they were less by an amount exceeding
two millions of dollars than they were in ] 840, not-
withstanding the duties were much higher in the
latter year than they were in the two first named.
It is idle, Mr. Chairman, then, to tell us that the
foreign market for western productions is to he in-
creased by reducing the duties on- foreign imports.
The experience of the past proves that it is not
true; the principles by which those nations, with
which we trade, uniformly regulate their commerce,
prove that it is not true: m short, every fact, every
circumstance, which tends to elucidate the subject,
proves that it is not true. Every nation, both of
the Old World and the New, with which we have
any commercial intercourse, will purchase as much
of our productions as their necessaries require, and
no more. 'The imposition of high duties or low
duties upon their manufactured goods, cannot vary
that necessity. No nation will purchase our bread
stuffs and provisions for their own consumption, un-
less their own supply is inadequate to the wants of
their population. The harvests of Great Britain
must control the amount of her consumption of
foreign grains, and not the amount of duties which
other nations may impose upon her manufactured
fabrics. A reduction of our duties cannot affect the
extent of her crops. A change of our tariff laws
can neither increase the number of mouths to be
fed within her limits, or diminish the amount of her
domestic supply to feed them.
The reduction of duties contemplated by the bill
now under discussion, would enure more largely to
the benefit of Great Britain than any other nation.
The tariff of 1842 has been loudly complained of
by her politicians and her press, She would be en-
abled to extend the sales of her manufactured goods
in this country in the same proportion as we reduce
the duties upon them. Let us look at the condition
and extent'of our commerce with her for. a few
years past, and see how much advantage the West
has derived from that commerce.
In 1839, the amount of goods purchased from
England, by the United States, was $64,863,716;
while the amount of agricultural productions of the
West, which she purchased from us, was only
$1,380,946.
In 1840, we purchased $33,114,133 worth of her
goods; while she purchased of our western produc-
tions to the amout of $4,107,404.
In 1841, the amount we purchased of her was
$45,730,007; wlule she received but $1,454,185 of
western produce.
In 1842 our imports of her productions were
§33,446,499; while she purchased of western produce
tions but $2,057,805.
These facts prove conclusively that, so far as the
West is interested, our commercc with England has
been altogether one-sided; that while we have annu-
ally been purchasing millions of her manufactured
goods, she has carefully excluded from her ports
our produce; that while she has zealously advocated
the principles of free trade in theory, she has prac-
tised those which are directly opposite. These
facts also prove the fallacy of the position that a re-
duction of our duties will increase the exports of
our agricultural products. The exports of western
produce to England in 1840 were near fourfold
greater than they were in 1841, notwithstanding the
great reduction of our duties during the latter year
under the provisions of the compromise act. Near-
ly the whole amount of the productions of this coun-
try purchased by England, consists of the articles
produced in the slave-holding States. In 1841 she
purchased of our cotton to the amount of about
thirty-four millions of dollars, while her purchases
of western productions were less than two millions.
Her purchase of American cotton is induced only
by necessity. Her soil and climate are unsuited to
its production; and hence she is compelled to seek
it abroad to supply her extensive cotton manufacto-
ries.
It is evident, from the past history of our com-
merce with foreign nations, and more especially with
Great Britain, that the agriculturists of the West
cannot find a foreign market adequate to the con-
sumption of the vast surplus of their products. It is
equally clear that any reduction of duties which we
may make will not have the effect of extending our
market abroad. The policy of Great Britain is fixed
and permanent. Her corn laws, by the operation
of which our grains are excluded from her market,
except when meagre harvests and high prices bring
a large portion of her population to the point of
starvation, will be rigidly adhered to. Her politi-
cians may talk about free trade, and endeavor to
persuade^>ther nations of its beauties; but it is mere
talk. T™ey desire no free trade except that which
is free to them, but restricted to those with whom
they trade. Sir Robert Peel, the prime minister of
Great Britain, declared, at the opening of the pres-
ent session of Parliament, that her corn laws would
not be changed or modified. The Duke of Welling-
ton lately stated in a speech in the British Par-
liament,*
"That when free trade was talked of as existing in Fng-
land, it was an absurdity. There is not. and can be no sucn
thing as free trade in this country. We pioceed on the sj s-
tem of protecting our own manufactures and our own prod,
uci—the produce of our labor and our soil—of protecting
them for exportation, and protecting them for home con*
sumption; and on. this universal system of protection it 19
abfiurd to talk of free trade "
These are the sentiments of British statesmen.
This is the policy to whi.-h they will adhere. That
selfishness which has ever characterized the admin-
istration of her government, will still continue to
control the action of the British empire in her com-
mercial intercourse with us, as well as other nations;
and we shall look in vain for any concessions in fa-
vor of otir interests. S ill intent upon her favorite
system of selling as large an amount as possible of
her manufactured goods to other nations, while she
buys as little as possible of their productions, she
will eagerly embrace every opportunity which may
he affo.ded by a reduction of our duhes, to pour in
upon us her goods, while she refuses to purchase m
return our agricultural pi ,ducts. The modification
of the tariff—the reduction of the duties now con-
tended for—is to enure to her benefit, and not to
ours. The bill itself has been aptly denominated a
"British bill," I would not, sir, impute to those
