April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H. of Reps.
who support the bill any desire to promote British
interests -at' the expense of our own. I am not so.
uncharitable as to believe that there is any party, or
any set of men in this country, so destitute of patri-
otism as to desire the prosperity of any foreign na-
tion at the expense of their own country; but I
speak of the bill as a "British bill," because I firmly
believe that its effect will be to promote the interests
of British manufacturers, while it will produce inju-
ry to our own country.
I think, Mr. Chairman, it must be apparent to all
who will properly examine this question, that the
foreign market for the agricultural products of the
west will not be extended by the passage of this
bill. The corn laws of Great Britain, and the re-
strictive duties of other nations, will still be adhered
U . Any concessions which we might make by a
reduction of our duties, would not be met by cor-
responding concessions from other nations. The
poliey of every civilized nation at this time is to
protect their own industry against foreign competi-
tion; and a due regard to our own interest, and the
general welfare of our people, should induce us to
adhere to the same policy.
But, sir, if the corn laws of England should be
modified, if her restrictive duties upon the importa-
tion of grain should be reduced, we should not de-
rive.the important advantages fiom such reduction
which are anticipated. The United States is not the
only grain-growing country which would seek a sale
for its surplus in the British market if that market
were opened. Russia, Poland, Germany, and other
parts of Europe, can raise wheat as cheaply as it
can he raised in this country. If the ports of Eng-
land were opened to our productions, they would
also be opened to theirs. In the competition for the
market, they would have a decided advantage over
us in their vicinity to it, in the time necessary to
reach it, and the expense of transportation. If the
desired object of free trade could be obtained, the
golden fruits which are anticipated as its result,
would elude our grasp, and we should be left to the
enjoyment of the bitter waters of disappointment.
1 have attempted, thus far, to show that the peo-
ple of the West can find no adequate market abroad
for the vast surplus of their agricultural products;
that the foreign market is uncertain and very limited;
that we can adopt no cour&c of policy tending to a
freer interchange of commodities, which will be
met with a corresponding spirit of liberality on the
part of those nations with which we trade; and
that a reduction of the duties which we impose up-
on foreign goods will not increase the exportation
of our agricultural products.
If, then, we cannot rely upon the foreign market
for the sal*1 of our produce, the question presents
itself, to what market shall we look? I answer,
emphatically, to the home market. The home mar-
ket is the only sure and unfailing source of demand
for the products of the "West which will approxi-
mate an absorption of our surplus. I am aware
that great efforts have been made to produce the
impression that the home matket for our agricultu-
ral products is of but little value. Those who ar-
rive at the conclusion that it is of le^s value than
the foreign marked, have given the subject but a
superficial examination. From an examination of
the census returns of 1840. it will be seen that the
annual agricultural products of the United States of
the character produced in the West, (and which I
have before enumerated,) amount to the sum of five
hundred and seventy-five millions of dollars. "What
proportion of this amount is surplus, or beyond
the consumption of those engaged in its production,
1 have not the means of ascertaining. It is evident,
however, that the surplus is very large. Well,
what becomes of this large surplus? Where do the
producers find purchasers? Is it exported and sold
.abroad? As I have before shown, the entire amount
exported and sold in every-foreign market annually,
varies only from eleven to about fifteen millions of
dollars' worth. Of five hundred and seventy-five
millions' worth produced, but fifteen millions'
worth are exported. The residue must, of course,
be consumed here, and the producer finds a sale for
the amount beyond his own consumption in the
nome market. Those engaged in the various
branches of manufacturing—the miners who ex-
plore the bowels of the earth to bring forth its rich
mineral treasures—the wool-growers, who furnish
the raw material for the woollen manufacturers
—the operatives, who are employed in the ex-
tensive factories of New England, as well as
the vast number of mechanics who are scat-
tered throughout the land, all subsist upon the
productions of the farmer's labor, and aid in making
up that demand for his surplus which constitutes his
market. In proportion as the number of those en-
gaged in the various mechanical and manufacturing
pursuits of the country are increased, will the con-
sumers of agricultural products be increased, and
consequently the home market be extended. The
census returns of 1840 show that there were, at that
time, 791,749 persons in the United States engaged
in manufactures; 15,211 engaged in mining; and
33,076 in internal navigation—making an aggregate
of 840,036 persons engaged in these pursuits These
embrace only the operatives, and do not include
their families or dependants, who subsist upon their
industry. All of these, with their families and de-
pendants, are consumers of the produce of the farmer,
and create a demand for his surplus. If you add to
those above enumerated, 117,607 engaged in com-
merce, 56,021 engaged in navigating the ocean, and
65,255 in professional pursuits, you have an aggre-
gate of 1,074,919, not engaged in agriculture, but
who are the purchasers and consumers of the farm-
er's surplus. The entire number of persons engaged
in agriculture in the United States, at the same time,
was 3,719,951; so that the number of those who are
not engaged in agricultural pursuits, but who are the
consumers of the surplus produced beyond the con-
sumption of the producer, arc nearly one-third the
number of the producers. It is the demand for the
consumption of this large class of our population,
which constitutes the farmer's home market.
A protective tariff, by increasing the number of
persons engaged in these pursuits, increases the de-
mand for the fruits of agricultural labor, and conse-
quently increases the price. If, by a reduction of
our duties, our manufacturing establishments are
destroyed, the materials for our clothing, our farm-
ing tools, and whatever else we need, the products
of manufacturing skill, instead of being made at
home, will be made in Europe. The persons em-
ployed in their manufacture will be subsisted upon
the grains and provisions of Europe, instead of
those produced here. Our farmers will find a less
active demand for their products, and consequently
prices must fall. But the evil does not stop here,
if our manufacturers and mechanics are compelled
to suspend their business, from the ruinous effects
of foreign competition, those in their employ must
be discharged, and a large portion of them will be
compelled, from necessity, to engage in agricultural
pursuits. They then add to the amount of agricul-
tural productions, and thus increase the surplus,
while, at the same time, the number of purchasers
will be greatly diminished. The farmer will see the
effect in the lessened demand and diminished prices
for the productions of his farm.
I will further illustrate this position by the state-
ment of some familiar facts. Vermont is a wool-
growing State, more extensively engaged in that
branch of business, in proportion to her population
and territory, than any other State. She has about
1,680,000 head of sheep, which are raised for the
fleecc. Wool is an article which has never been
exported from the United States to any extent. It
cannot be produced here and sold abroad on terms
to remunerate for the labor employed. Instead of
exporting it, large quantities are every year import-
ed from foreign countries. The wool growers of
this country must look to the woollen manufacturers
here for their sales. If we buy our cloths and other
woollen goods from abroad, they must be made from
foreign wool. Our own woollen manufacturers will
be compelled to abandon their business, and the de-
mand for wool will cease. The wool growers of
Vermont cannot sell the fleece of their flocks in
Europe. If we do not manufacture woollen goods,
there can be no demand for it here, and the conse-
quence will be that the people of Vermont will be
compelled to abandon the business of producing
wool, and turn their attention to some other busi-
ness. Will this affect the interests of the western
farmer? Surely it will. If the farmers of Vermont
can no longer find a sale for their wool, instead of
raising sheep they will raise cattle and grain. They
can raise one head of cattle where they raise ten of
sheep; and instead of raising, as they now do, one
million six hundred and eighty thousand sheep,
they would raise one hundred and sixty-eight thou-
sand head of cattle. These would be taken to the
markets of New York, Philadelphia, and New
Orleans, where the western farmer sells his cattle,
and come in competition with the western cattle.
The consequence would be, duller sales and dimin-
ished prices.
Again: from the best estimates >yhich can be made.
Vermont now annually consumes about one hundred
and fifty thousand barrels of flour, in addition to the
amount raised in the State; To that extent she in-
creases the home market, for western flour. She
thus buys our flour, because, while the demand for
her wool continues, she can raise wqol with more
profit than grain. But destroy the market for her
wool, and she would then be compelled to raise ras
much grain as would supply her citizens, and thus •
diminish the sales of western grain. -The same
arguments will apply with equal force to every other
State engaged in the production of wool.
As a further illustration of the extentand value of
the home market, for the sale of our agricultural
products, I will mention that Massachusetts annual- *
ly purchases and consumes the productions of other
States to the amount of about forty-two millions of
dollars. Of those articles which are raised in the
West, and which constitute our staple, including
bread stuffs arid provisions, she buys annually over
fifteen millions of dollars' worth-Theentire amount
of our exports of these articles m 1841, was but a
fraction over thirteen millions of dollars. These
facts show that the West finds a market in Massa-
chusetts for two millions of dollars' worth of her prod-
uce more than she finds in all the world beyond the
United States. The consumption of Massachusetts,
however, creates but a small amount of the home
market for our agricultural products. Tf examined
in all its ramifications, it will be found that it ex-
ceeds more than tenfold the entire amount of our
foreign market for these productions. To adopt
that course of policy which would result in a de-
struction of this important market, would be to in-
flict a fatal blow upon the prosperity of the West.
Having thus partially shown the operation and
effect of a protective tariff upon the agricultural in-
terests of the West, I will now briefly notice some
of the objections which are so freqently urged
against it. During this discussion we have heard
the changes repeatedly rung, upon the stale and
stereotyped charge, that a protective tariff operates
as a tax upon the people for the benefit of the man-
ufacturers. This bugbear of oppressive taxation is.
the standing theme of declamation with all the anti-
protective orators of the day. Knowing that the
people are justly sensitive on the subject,of taxation,
they appeal to their fears, and endeavor to excite a
prejudice against this beneficial measure, by indu-
cing the belief that it increases their burdens. They
assume that a duty imposed upon any foreign arti-
cle not only increases the prices of the foreign arti-
cle to the extent of the duty, but that it also in-
creases, in the same ratio, tiie price of the domestic
articles of the same character. If a duty of fifty per
cent, is imposed on cotton shirting of a given qual-
ity, they contend that the foreign shirting upon
which the duty is imposed advances in price fifty
per cent.; and, also, that the domestic shirting of
the same quality advances in price to the same
amount. Every man's experience must convince
him that this position is utterly untrue. The price
of any article in the market will always depend up-
on the proportion which the supply bears to the,de-
mand. Whenever it is produced in the United
States to an extent sufficient to supply the demand,
a duty upon the foreign article of the same charac-
ter cannot increase the price. We every year im-
port more or less foreign wheat. Our importations
of this article have in some years reached several
millions of bushels. Suppose we should impose a
duty of fifty cents per bushel on foreign wheat
imported into this country: does any person
believe that the imposition of this duty would
increase the price of all the wheat raised in the
country fifty cents per bushfl? No man in his
senses would hazard such an assertion. And yet it
is as rational as the assertion that a duty upon every
description of manufactured goods will increase the
price of the domestic article of the same description.
Why will not a duty on foreign wheat increase the
price of the wheat raised here? The reason is ob-
vious. The amount of wheat raised in this country
is fully adequate to the demand, and therefore the
duty upon 'the foreign article cannot increase the
price. The same remark will apply to our cotton
manufactures. Cotton goods of the coarser quali-
ties, such as sheetings, shirtings, and the calicoes
commonly worn, aft manufactured in this country
in quantities sufficient not only to supply the de-
mand at home, but to leave a surplus for exporta-
tion. The duty, then, upon the foreign article can
no more increase the price of the domestic, than the
duty upon foreign wheat can increase the price of
thai which we raise. The protection afforded
