mm
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
621
Mr, E. J. BLACK called for the reading of the
memorial.
Mr. ELMER objected to the reading as being a
useless consumption of time.
Mr. BLACK said he believed he had a right to
demand the reading; if not, he would move the
suspension of any rule which prevented him.
The question wa3 put on the reading of the me-
morial; and on a division, was negatived.
Mr. HOUSTON appealed to the gentleman from
Louisiana to allow the memorial to be laid upon the
table in the ordinary way.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said if it were in order,
he would move that there be a call of the House, with
a view to have the sense of the House fairly ex-
pressed. And upon this motion, he asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and being taken, re-
sulted thus—yeas 55, nays 98.
So the call was not ordered.
Mr. question recurring on the motion to lay the
memorial on the table,
Mr. WHITE called for the yeas and nays; which
being ordered, the question was taken, and was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 78, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
ringer, Benton, Brengle, Brmkerhoft, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, J. Brown, Jeiemiah E. Gary, Carroll, Causin,
Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh,
Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dellet,
Dickey, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Eloience,
Foot, Foster, (biddings, Uoggm, Willis Green, Bj ram
Green, Grider, Hale, Hamlm, Hardin, Harper, Herrick,
Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Irvin,
Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Preston King,
Daniel P King, Leonard, Maclay, Mcllvame, Marsh, Ed-
ward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Nfewton, Parmenter,
Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha It. Potter, Pres-
ton, Turdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Chailos M. Reed, Reding,
Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, St John, Sample,
Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David
L. Seymour, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Strong, Sum-
mers, Sykes, Thomasson, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Weth-
ered, White, William and Wmthiop—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnngton, Atkinson, Bidlack, Edward
J Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bowlin, Bovd, Wil-
liam J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Shepherd
Cary, Reuben 'Chapman, Augustus A Chapman, Clinton,
Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Daw-
son, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Ficklin, French, Ham-
met, Haralson, Hays, Henley, Holmes, Hoge, Houston,
Hughes, James B. Hunt. Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Kirkpatnck, La-
branche, Lucas, Lumpkin. McCauslen, McClelland, Mc-
Cltrnand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Mur-
phy, Norris. Owen, Emery D. Potter, David S Reid, Relfe,
Ritter, Roberts, Saunders, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thom-
as Smith, Robert Smith, Steeniod, Stiles, Stone, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentwoith, Wood-
ward, Joseph A. Wright and Yost—78
Mr. VANCE moved that when the House ad-
journs to-morrow, it adjourn o\er to Wednesday.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, the question was taken, and
decided in the negative—yeas 42, nays 117.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. DUNCAN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with the intention to take up the Oregon
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON desired the gentleman from Ohio
to permit him to make a motion to discharge a
standing committee from some bill in relation to the
interests of Alabama, the precise purport of which
was not understood.
Mr. DUNCAN did not accede to the request, but
called for the yeas and nays on his motion.
Mr. VANCE reminded the House that this was
private bill day; and he hoped the House would
agree to take up that order of business.
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and being
taken, resulted thus:—yeas 85, nays 89:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnngton, Atkinson, Bayley, Belser,
Benton, Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Black-
well, Eowlm. Boyd, Brinkerhofl', William J Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, JeremUh E Cary, Sheperd Cary, Reuben
Chapman, Augu^tur A. Chapman, Cioss, Dana, Dame],
Richard D Dawson, Dillingham Dromgoole, Dim-
lap, Ficklin, Fie.iCh By mm Giec i, 1-1-To, H<?mlin, Ham-
met. Haiiiiii. PL j.i-.uiick. Houe. Houston. Hub-
bell, Choi It:. *•" liiL111 • oil, J.M.ie'on, Andiew Johnson,
Geoia'e W. ,Toi,.->' •i.w iIeun '<U, Pjc.'-oii Ling, Lu-
cas, Lumpkin, ,'.!u j.l'oI.'V, ?..cCia:::-'iid, 1-cCoii-
nell, McDowell, ir-w- Yutpi.v, Norn - Owen, Ijr.eiy
D Pottei.Purcy, lien1. lle.-i.iiclf",
Hitter, J' ■ "o'.n, I; Thorns 11
Seymour : n i; o.i 11, Tl.i'V'n-; s-.t)), Sicrron. Stile-,
Stone, T.;>!>)., Thn '■}. o.i. TiM Tucker, YVcllcr, Y/ent-
worth, vrm/u'v-nLiii'iYo t—v'j.
NAYS—Ye^-i's. Ah ,ot, Ar-y.''1-', Brkei, B^rrhtprer, Ld-
wuul J. Bldck, Bien^lc, Biodhead, .leiemLIi Brov\i, Eul-
fington, Campbell, cJiioll, CbU-in, Cihlcii, Cimgn.jil, Cobb,
Crer^ton D^.-.c.gli, Cauert Djvi.n Dc, n, Deb^rry. Dcilet,
r/kkey. Djckinaon, Llraer, Fartee, Horence, Too;,
Foster, Giddings, Goggin, Willis Green, Grinnell, Grider,
Haralson, Harper, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley
B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirk-
patnck, Leonard, Lyon, McClelland, Mcllvaine, McKay,
Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Newton, Par-
menter, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix. Pollock, Elisha R. Pot-
ter, Preston, Ramsey, Charles M Reed, Robinson, Rock-
well, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, David
L. Seymour, Albert Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart,
Strong, Sykes, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanme-
ter, Vinton, White, Winthrop, William Wright and Joseph
A. Wright,-89. F
So the motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
The standing committees were next called for re-
ports; and the following were presented:
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill directing a disposition of the
maps and charts of the survey of the coast; which
wa3 read three times, and passed.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the case of Joseph Nock, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read
the first and second time, and committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. VANCE, from the same committee, made a
report upon the petition of John Adams and John
Adams, jr., accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which was read a first and second time, and commit-
ted to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. VANCE, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of William
McCabe, John Robinson, James B. Estes, the heirs
of Benjamin Furman, deceased, and Elijah S.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report upen the petition of Ham-
mond & Dexter; which was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. VANCE,
Ordeied, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of Wm. Saunders, and
the petition of Cephas Carpenter and others, and that the
petition of Wm Saunders be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and that the petition of Cephas Carpenter
and others be refeired to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs
Mr/ THOMAS SMITH, from the Committee
of Claims, made adverse reports upon the petitions
of George Steele and Teackle Savage, administia-
tors of Bolifha Laws: laid upon the table.
On motion ofMr. LABRANCHE,
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the State
of the Union be discharged from the consideration of House
bill No. 119, to establish a port of dehveiy at the city of
Lafayette, in the State of Louisiana.
Mr. LABRANCHE, from the Commitfe on
Commerce, reported a bill (No. 378) to authorize
the removal of the custom-house from Perlington
to Shieldsborough, on the Bay of St. Louis; which
bill was read a first and second time, and committed
to the Committee of the Whole House on the State
of the Union.
Mr. D. S. REID, from the Committee on Com-
merce. reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the C'ommitteee of the Whole House be
discharged fiom the l'uithei coimdeiation of House bill No.
17, to establish a collection Jistxict at Chicago
Mr. HAMLIN moved the following amendment;
which was agreed to:
"Also from the bill of this House, No 5. to establish a
port of entry at Bangoi, in the State of Maine
Mr. D. S. REID, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a resolution (No. 31) authorizing
the Solicitor of the Treasury to execute a quit-
claim deed of lot No. 7, in Sandusky city, in the
State of Ohio, accompanied with a report in writing;
which resolution was read three several times, and
passed.
Mr. PHCENIX, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made a report upon the petition of Harvey &
Sfagg, accompanied by a bill (No. 379) for their re-
lief; which bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, fiom the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill from the
Senate, entitled an act for the relief of Joseph Cam-
pau, reported the same without amendment: order-
ed that the said be committed to a Committee of the
Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate No. 72,
entitled "An act to authorize the school trustees or
other lawful authorities having charge of the subject
of common schools in surveyed township 48 north, -
of range 18 west, in the county of Cooper, and State
of-Wisconsin, to enter a section of land, in Jieu of
section 16, in said township, for the use of schools,"
reported the same without amendment: ordered that
the said bill be committed to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. J. W. DAVIS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands, to which
was referred the bills from the Senate, entitled an act for th$
relief of Henry Newman, be discharged from the consider-
ation of the same; and that it be referred to the Comwitte on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. PHCENIX, from the Committee, on Com-
merce, reported a joint resolution authorizing the
corporation of Baltimore to use a building of the
United States, at Lazaretto Point: passed.
Mr. DOUGLASS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill extending the jurisdiction
of the District courts to certain cases upon the lakes
and navigable waters leading into or connecting;
which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mitten of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported bills of the following titles:
A bill to amend and explain the twelfth section of
an act entitled an "act for the regulation of seamen
on board the public and private vessels of the Uni-
ted States."
A bill to fix and regulate the fees and cost to be
allowed the clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
circuit and district courts of the United States, and
for other purposes; which bills were severally read a
first and second time, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. S., also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the petition of Pierson Cogs-
well; which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. SAUNDERS,
Ordered. That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of John W.
Custer, and that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. DANIEL P. KING, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, made a report upon the peti-
tion of the representatives of Major General Baron
DeKalb, deceased, accompanied by a bill for their
lelief; which was read twice, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That Wednesday, the 29th, and Thursday, the
30th of May instant, be assigned for the consideration of
bills reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs, provided
so much time 1 e nccessaiy.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate, entitled an act for the relief of Charles
W. Morgan, reported the same without amendment:
Ordered, that said bill be recommitted to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
Mr. P., from the same committee, made a report
upon the petition of Jacob Boston, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which bill was read twice, and
committed to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. MARSH, from the same committee, made a
report upon the petition of James A. Stevens, ac-
companied by a bill directing the employment of
James A. Stevens to perform certain experiments
therein mentioned; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill making appropriations
for the commencement of certain fortifications;
which bill was read twice and committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FISH, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Mrs. W. Thompson; which was
read a first and second time, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HARPER, from the Committee on Patents,
made adverse reports upon the petition of Isaiah
Bill-sen, and upon the petition of William Morrison,
George Tomb, and James Wilson; which reports -
were laid upon the table.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, made an adverse report
upon the petition of John Ward and Co.; which
leport was laid upon the table.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported a bill to pro-
vide for the payment of the evidences of public debt
in certain cases, accompanied by a report in v/ritin"--
which bill was read a first and second time, mid
committed to the Committee of the Whole Hqusb
on the state of the Union.
