CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
Mr. EVANS remarked that, in consequence of
the condition of the public business, he would with-
draw the amendment proposed by himself, so as to
have the question taken on concurring in the amend-
ment of the House, fixing the 17th June.
Mr. SEVIER expressed a wish that the senator
would permit the resolution to lie oil the table till
the last of next week, when the Senate would be
better enabled to judge of the propriety of the prop-
osition. He doubted very much whether the busi-
ness could be disposed of by the 17th June. He
thought it would be premature action if the resolu-
tion was passed upon to-day.
Mr. EVANS remarked that the resolution had
laid over already a much greater length of time
than should have been permitted. The Senate was
as full this morning as it would be for some time to
come. If the day was fixed now, the public busi-
ness would be despatched by the time proposed; if
not, there was no telling when it would be disposed
of. The fixing of a day always has the effect to
hasten action upon the public business.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the resolution be post-
poned till Friday next; on which motion
Mr. BATES demanded the yeas and nays; which
being ordered and taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays
21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Bagby, Benton,
Berrien, Breese, Buchanan, Clayton, Colquitt, Pulton, Hu-
ger, Jarnagin, Lewis, Mangum, Niles, Phelps, Semple,
Sevier, Sturgeon, Tallaiadge, Tappan, "Woodbridge, and
"Woodbury—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Dayton, Evans, Fairfield, Foster, Francis, Hannegan, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Johnson, Miller, Morehead, Pearce,
Forter, Rives, White, and "Wright—21.
So the resolution was postponed till Friday next.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, the Committee on
Territories was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the memorial of the heirs of Robert Mc-
Hardy, praying the payment of certain awards for
losses sustained by the incursions of patriots in
Florida; and it was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
THE TARIFF THE COMPROMISE ACT.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution of the Committee
on Finance, for the indefinite postponement of the
bill, introduced by Mr. McDuffie, to reduce the
rate of duties under the present tariff, to the standard
of the compromise act.
Mr. EVANS remarked that the subject had been
discussed to an extent almost to exhaust it; and he
wished it to be understood that it was expected to
have it disposed of finally before the adjournment
to-day.
Mr. ATHERTON being entitled to the floor
from the day the subject was last before the Senate,
rose and spoke for two hours in opposition to the
restrictive policy of the act of 1842, which the bill
introduced by the Senator from South Carolina pro-
posed to modify so as to reduce it to the standard of
the compromise act. He first adverted to the disad-
vantages which he felt he should have to contend
against in any endeavor to attract the attention ofthe
Senate on a topic so long pending and so often inter-
rupted by matters of fresher interest. He felt, how-
ever, that although there was little prospect of any
action being taken on the subject this session, this
question of taxation was one of such importance
in a national point of view, that he would stand ex-
cused for occupying the brief time required for the
delivery of his views on the subject. Other topics
more exciting for the moment, and not so worn out
in argument, might awaken a temporary interest;
but none could be more important, because it in-
volved a vital principle of the institutions of the
country—the power of taxation. The protective
policy was an abuse of that taxing power, by which
it was perverted, for the purpose of making the
rich richer, and the poor poorer; and it was to this
perversion he should direct his remarks.
Mr. A. here entered into an historical review of
the tariff policy of the government, from the year
1789 to the year 181G, when it was superseded by the
protective policy; and he then sketched the restrictive
system under the operations of the acts of 1816,
1824, and 1828, describing the circumstances which
led to the compromise act, its eflects, and the false
issues which brought about the act of 1842. In
this review, he showed that every advocate of a
return to high duties in 1841-2 repudiated the idea
that there was any intention of violating the princi-
ples of the compromise act, or of resuscitating the
protecting policy of 1828. He read various ex-
tracts from leading whig speeches in both Houses,
during the session of 1841-2, to prove that the
pledges given against returning to the protective
system were of the strongest kind, and altogether
at variance with the whig speeches made thisjses-
sion in defence of, and advocating openly and
avowedly, the protective policy for the sake of pro-
tection alone.
Mr. A. next showed that, throughout the whole
of the extra session of 1841, and the first six
months of the succeeding session, all the promises
of the party in power, in relation to the improve-
ment of the condition of the country, were based
upon the project of a national bank. That was to
be the great, the only panacea to be relied on for
the restoration of public credit, general confi-
dence, the revival of business and national pros-
perity. It was then said by Mr. Clay, Mr. Fill-
more, and the other leaders of the party, that,
without that panacea, the currency never could
be sound, exchanges never would be equaliz-
ed, confidence restored, or public credit and national
prosperity resuscitated. Nobody then said these
consequences were to flow from a return to the
protective system and a restorative tariff. They
were to be the fruits of a revival of the United
States bank. But, during the present debate, it had
been found that, without a national bank, the credit
of the government had been restored, the currency
had become sound, exchanges had become easy and
equalized, business had revived, and the national
prosperity was progressive; and all at once the con-
sequences are attributed to the tariff act of 1842,
and the return to the protective poli y. The palpa-
ble inconsistency of attempting to reconcile predic-
tions with events, by crediting promises of effects
from abortive causes to other causes, not taken into
account at the time of prediction, was perfectly
manifest. Not even after the act of 1842 had gone
into operation were these effects expected to result
from it; for, in the session of 1842—'3, the reports of
the Committee of Ways and Means, the reports of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and various whig
speeches in both Houses, showed that no reliance
was placed on the tariff act in comparison with the
advantages expected to flow from the creation of
some bank or exchequer similar to a national bank.
But for the recommendation of the Secretary of the
treasury, addressed to the Committee of Ways
and Means, to allow the government stock to be sold
in the market for whatever it would bring, the pub-
lic credit would have revived before the existence of
the taiiff act of 1842; and if there was any such
effect derivable from that act, it was to be attributed
to the certainty which it gave that the clause in the
distribution act, suspending the distribution of the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, became
operative in consequence of duties exceding 20 per
cent, being established. This restored to the treas-
ury that pledge upon which the public creditor rest-
ed more implicity than upon any restrictions of
commerce, destructive of revenue. The prosperity
of the country had been in spite ofthe restrictive
act of 1842, and not in consequence of it; and to
attribute to it effects which, both before and after
its adoption, were predicated upon national-bank
schemes which fell abortive to the ground, was a
manifest absurdity.
Mr. A., in the course of his remarks, exhibited
numerous and glaring inconsistencies exhibited by
the present doctrines of the friends of protection,
contrasted with the tenets they held in 1840-'l-'2.
Mr. RIVES next obtained the floor, and expressed
a desire to address the Senate on the subject; but
the usual hour of adjournment having arrived, oil
his motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 25,1944.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WELLER took the chair as Speaker pro
tem. as soona3 the journal had been reau, and an-
nounced the business first in order to be the motion
to print the report from the Committee of Elections,
m relation to the contested seat of the Hon. J. W.
Jones.
On the suggestion of Mr. NEWTON, this sub-
ject was further postponed to Wednesday next.
ADJUSTMENT OF LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. SL1DELL submitted a resolution to termi-
nate all debate in Committee of the Whole at four
o'clock on Thursday next, on the bill to provide for
the adjustment of land claims within the States of
Missouri, Arkansas, and Louisiana, and the Terri-
tory of Iowa, and in those parts of the States of
Mississippi and Alabama south of the 31st degree
of north latitude, and between the Mississippi and
Perdido rivers.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON hoped the resolution
would be agreed to, with the understanding that the
bill would be taken up on Thursday morning.
The resolution was adopted.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE DISTRICT OF
COLUMBIA.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on the Public
Buildings and Grounds, to which was referred the
report from the Secretary of the Treasury, made oh
the 9th of July, 1840, m relation to all moneys ap-
propriated to be expended in the District of Colum-
bia by acts of Congress since the location of the seat
of government within the District, made a report
thereon; which was laid upon the table. /
MONUMENT SQUARE.
Mr. PRATT reported a joint resolution to fence
and lay out monument square, Washington City;
which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
PUBLIC PROPERTY.
Mr. PRATT offered the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That all the officers or other persons having
charge of the public property shall cause a correct invento-
ry of the same to be made on the first day of July, in each
and every year, and report the same to the secretaries of
the proper departments; who are hereby directed to cause
a synopsis, or general amount, to be reported to Congress
on or before the first day of January thereafter.
Mr. PRATT, from the same committee, submitted .
the following:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of the
United States of AmeHca in Congiess assembled That the
Commissioner of Public Buildings "be, ana he is hereby, au-
thorized to remove and make sale of the building in which
the statue of Washington has been .placed; and that, with
the money arising from the sale of said building, he cause
the statue to be enclosed with a suitable railing.
Mr. HALE moved to strike out all that part that
proposed to rail the statue round.
Mr. BO WEN moved to lay the resolution on the
table, which was negatived.
Mr. HOLMES said he had no objection to the
House in which the statue was enclosed being re-
moved, but lie thought the present site an inappro-
priate one for the statue itself. He suggested that
it should be placed where the naval monument now
stood, at the west front of the Capitol, and that
monument should be returned to the navy-yard.
He said he had received a letter from the artist, now
at Flounce, in which he assented to the change of
position of the statue, but he desired that it should
be preserved from the action of the elements.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL commented on the
many removals of the statue, and the expense
which that locomotion had occasioned, and then said;
The gentlemen from South Carolina now pro-
posed, without consulting the artist or his friends,
to denude the statue, ana to remove it to a new
position, to the displacement of another statue,
which had been standing for the last half century,
placing it upon a usurped pedestal. He hoped the
House would not accede to the proposition, unless
they were prepared to establish a running locomo-
tive to convey that ponderous mass of immobility
constantly from place to place.
Mr. HALE said his reason for submitting the
amendment was this. He believed, as a work of
art, it was bad—bad in design, and bad in execu-
cution; and he was opposed to any further expendi-
ture being made in reference to it. He was for
removing the covering that the elements might wear
it out. He thought it was discreditable both to the
artist and the nation. The optics of the gentleman
from South Carolina must be sharp indeed, if he
could discover a place in the habitable globe where,
being placed, it would excite the admiration of any
body. He was for getting rid of it. And if, ac-
cording to the idea of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania it could be maiie locomotive, he thought it
ought not to cease moving until it got beyond the
farthest boundary of the republic.
Mr. WINTHROP defended the statue. He was
surprised, he said, at the remarks of the gentleman
from New Hampshire. The gentleman seemed to
set his face against every thing connected with the
father of his country. A very few weeks ago
when there was a scene of no little interest in this
House, occasioned by the presentation of the ccunp
chest of General Washington, the gentleman's y^icc.
