April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Marsh.
H. of Reps.
ation of foreign goods. Every principle of sound
economy reqmres that a nation should buy no more
of foreign products than it can sell of its own. A
contrary course must be followed by the most dis-
astrous results. A continued balance of trade, every
year accumulating against a nation, must drain its
resources and involve it in debt. During a period
of nine years, from 1831 to 1840, our imports of
foreign goods exceeded our exports, to the enormous
amount of three hundred and thirty-five millions of
dollars. To this cause is to be attributed much of
the commercial embarassment, disaster, and bank-
ruptcy, with which the country has been convulsed,
we see its fruits in the two hundred millions of
State debts in which we are now involved, besides
the numerous debts of corporations and individuals.
The country is but partially recovered from the par-
alyzing effects of this destructive state of our foreign
commerce. The government of Great Britain acts
upon a wiser principle of political economy; and al-
though I have no desire to follow her example gen-
erally, yet in this particular it is well worthy of im-
itation. The imports of that country rarely exceed
one-half the amount of her exports. They are al-
ways careful to buy less than they sell. The bal-
ance of their trade is kept constantly in their favor.
If we buy less than we sell, the balance of our
exports will be paid for in specie, which will prevent
the extreme scarcity of a circulating medium, from
which we have heretofore so greatly suffered. One
important object of a protective tariff is to produce
this desirable result. In proportion as the domestic
manufacture of the articles necessary for our con-
sumption increases, will the importation of the same
articles diminish.
The tariff of 1842 has now been in operation but
little over eighteen months. A sufficient time has
not yet elapsed to fully test the effects of all its
provisions. Time may develop a necessity for
an alteration in some of its details. But, as
a whole, it has proved to be a wise and beneficent
measure. That the condition of the country has
greatly improved since its adoption, all admit. Our
foreign importations have diminished. Many ex-
tensive manufacturing establishments, which had
suspended for years, have resumed their business,
giving active employment to thousands of our indus-
trious laboring fellow citizens. An increased de-
mand for labor has been created, and wages have
advanced. Increased activity has been given to
every branch of business. The heretofore languish-
ing business of agriculture has been revived, and its
great staples have met with readier sales and higher
prices. The consumers of manufactured goods, in-
stead of being taxed by an advance in their prices,
have bought them cheaper than heretofore. So per-
vading has been this revival" of general prosperity,
that every interest, every business, every class of
the community, has experienced its beneficial influ-
I do not contend, Mr. Chairman, that this renew-
ed prosperity has been produced solely and exclu-
sively by the tariff of 1842; but I do believe that
that measure, operating in connection with other
causes, has hpd an important influence in bringing
about these results. Does sound policy, then, re-
quire us to disturb this measure? It is conceded by
all, that stability in our tariff policy is essential to
every interest involved. A vacillating legislation
upon this subject is productive of the most injurious
consequences. Why, then, this attempt to unsettle
that which has been so recently settled? Why
launch out into a sea of untried experiments to agi-
tate the country, and keep it convulsed upon this
delicate_subject?
Sir, we are not called upon by the popular voice
to legislate at this time upon this subject. The
country neither asks nor desires that we should
modify the tariff of 1842. I have seen no demon-
strations of popular sentiment in favor of its modifi-
cation. On the contraiy, our tables groan beneath
the weight of remonstrances from the people against
any action upon the subject. Petitions from the
people, and memorials from State legislatures, have
been pre sented here almost without number, asking
us to forbear any interference with this matter. The
interests of the people, and our duty as their repre-
sentatives, imperatively require us to leave the tariff
as it is. It will be time to change or modify it
vhen experience shall have pointed out its defects.
SPEECH OF MB. MARSH,
Of vermont,
It the House of Representatives, Jlpril 30,1842.—On
the tariffbill.
The House being in Committee of the "Whole, on
the .bill reported by Mr. McKay) from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, to modify and amend the
tariff law of 1842—
Mr. MARSH, of Vermont, addressed the com-
mittee as follows:
We have cause, Mr. Chairman, to congratulate
the House and the country upon the temper in
which this debate has been in general conducted.
The gentlemen who have participated in it have con-
fined themselves more closely than is usual to the
real question at issue. They have maintained their
respective positions with a cool earnestness of tone
indicative of honest difference of opinion, and no
discussion of the session has called forth greater
ability or exhibited more successful labor of prepa-
ration.
The controversy is, indeed, momentous—momen-
tous both in its direct bearing on all the great in-
terests of the American people, and because it has
already become the means of determining conclu-
sively a point of no small importance, and hitherto
much disputed. It has been asserted at the North,
with confident vehemence, that this is no party but
a sectional issue; and that the democrats of the east-
ern and middle States are as staunch supporters of the
doctrine of legislative protection to domestic indus-
try as their political opponents. But the authori-
tative exposition of the views of the party in the
majority in this House, from the Committee, of
Ways and Means, settles this question forever.
Hostility to the principle of designed protection,
whether direct or incidental, is openly avowed; and
spite of the disclaimers of rebellious individuals, it
must hereafter be regarded as an established article
of faith -in the creed of the party assuming to be
emphatically democratic. It is no longer the ques-
tion, whether the dominant party on this floor is or
is not friendly to the industrial interests of their
country, but whether certain of its refractory mem-
bers can be constrained by the force of political dis-
cipline to bow the knee, and prefer the supremacy
of their party to their own solemn convictions of
what belongs to their country's good. It is a test
of the stringency of party organization; and if, with
a majority of more than two-thirds, you fail to pass
this bill, you will supply a new proof of what the
world already more than half suspects, that the
wand of the magician is broken, and that the spell
hath lost its power to charm. American industry
will begin to feel that it rests upon a surer basis
than the shifting sands of party ascendency, and the
fundamental policy of our country will come to be
regarded as, for a time at least, res judicata. We of
the North shall cease to fear that the capricious
South, having now outgrown the need of that pro-
tection which has done its office for her great sta-
ple, will a second time be able to subvert the course
of our trade, and change the occupations of our
laboring community.
It has been made matter of boast that the citizens
of a certain southern State, which has been at
different periods within one generation most
conspicuous on both sides of this great question, are
the French of America. Gallant they may be, and,
for aught I know, gallant also as Frenchmen; but if
we award them this praise, they must pardon us for
hinting that they are also, like the French, unpen
volages, somewhat fickle." Fickleness, in a certain
sex, and under certain circumstances,  .iay be even
graceful; but in legislators and statesman it is, at
best, but an equivocal attribute; and the people of
the South must even bear with our more phlegmatic
tempers, if we now relish the diet they prescribed
for us, and persist in acknowledging the value of
doctrines which we first imbibed from their superior
wisdom.
That this is a question upon which sectional in-
terests and sectional feeling have a very strong bear-
ing, I am not disposed to deny. Nor do I pretend
that I can divest myself of their influence. Sir, I
should be ashamed if I could. I dare not assume to
be above the partialities which belong to humanity;
and were I insensible to such considerations I should
be beneath them. I cannot—nay, sir, I will not—
shut my eyes to the interests, the claims, of my
own region, of my own humble State. While I con-
scientiously believe that the policy of protection is
demanded by the best interests of all her sisters, to
her I know it is vital; and so deeply rooted is this
conviction among those whom I, with my col-
leagues, have the honor to represent, that the Very
agitation of this question—a question supposed to
have been settled by the great contest o£;I84Q, when
the nation, with unparalleled unanimity, pro-
nounced upon it in a voice of thunder—has already
produced a panic, whose influence upon the price-. 0;f
our only staple will cost the wool growers of Ver-
mont not less than half a million.
We of the extreme North, Mr. Chairman,, are
obliged to contend with physical difficulties to which
the more favored South and West are strangers.
Our territory is mountainous; our soil rugged, and
comparatively unthankful. The bushel of corn
which the labor of minutes produces for the western
farmer, costs us the toil of hours. Our climate is of
even fearful severity; the thermometer rises to
ninety-five degrees above zero, and falls to the con-
gealing point of mercury. In summer we swelter
under the sun of the tropics, in winter we shiver
amid Siberian snows. Even now, while we have
been for weeks luxuriating beneath an Italian sky,
my constituents are but just emerging from polar
frosts, and even the broad bosom of our noble lake
is scarcely yet free from its bonds of almost peren-
nial ice. For a great portion of the year our high-
ways are rendered almost impassable by drifted
mountains of snow, or the alternate frosts and thaws
of an early autumn and a tardy spring. Our sum-
mer seed time is not yet past when the South be-
gins her harvest, and the plough is often frozen in
the furrow before the winter grain can be committed
to the earth. Yet such are the industry, the enter-
prise, the untamable energy of our liardy people,
that, in spite of these accumulated difficulties and .
discouragements, Vermont stands, in point of pro-
duction, as compared with population, if not first,
very near the head of the list." But the wants of
man and beast in so rude a climate are so much
greater, and their variety of supply so much less,
that almost the whole produce of the soil is required
for domestic consumption, and little surplus is left for
the purchase of necessaries of foreign.growth. Do-
mestic animals must be both fed and sheltered for half
the year; and this involves not only time, labor, and
direct expense to the farmer, but the outlay of costly
arrangements for storing and preserving the various
articles of food required for the consumption of his
stock. So the quantity and variety of clothing need-
ful to meet the changing seasons, the greater fieces-
sity for nutritious and stimulating diet, the supply
of fuel, expensive modes of building to ward bff the
rigors of winter, and to preserve for long periods a
stock of vegetable food;—all these impose additional
burdens upon the farmer. On the other hand, his
season of productive labor is short,—the variety of his
products narrow; and the obvious result is, that the
diligent and persevering toil of summer scarcely suf-
fices to accumulate a supply for the consumption of
a long and unproductive winter. A few horses and
cattle, a little of the produce of the dairy, a small and
yearly decreasing quantity of lumber, and the fleeces
of our sheep, are all we have to spare. It is upon
these products that the northern farmer relies for the
means to pay his taxes, educate his children, and
give them a slender outfit when they abandon the
paternal fireside, and commence their pilgrimage' to
the sunny South or the mighty West. Prosstrate
our manufactures, deprive us of this one resource,
and you plunge us into absolute, hopeless, irretriev-
able ruin.
The subject, Mr. Chairman, is one of such vast
comprehension and extent, it admits of such an infi-
nite variety of argument and illustration, and in-
volves such a mass of details, that not a single hour
only, but days would be required for its adequate
discussion; and 1 find myself enforced by the narrow
limits prescribed by the parliamentary law of this
House, either to content myself with presenting some
very general considerations, or to confine myself to
a very partial view of the question. I ought not to
complain of the one-hour rule, both because I voted
for its adoption, and because, in a deliberative as-
sembly of two hundred members, all of whom aspire
to be heard, while none is content to listen, the exu-
berance of eloquence must somehow be checked,
and such a rule may be considered as a necessary
evil. But for this evil, if such it be, there is a ready
remedy by appealing to our Ca:sar—the people—
through the press; and it is happily no breach of
privilege to print as a speech that which never was
spoken. Moreover, gentlemen who want the sten-
torian power of lungs required to fill the echoing
¥0)4 of this vtwt hall, - tnsy find consolntion in the
