624
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on the question of reception, was heard in the nega-
tive. He would bo sorry to question the gentle-
man's taste on any subject connected with granite,
as he conies from the granite State; but he must-be
allowed to question his taste on the subject of mar-
ble statues.
The gentleman must have forgotten the numerous
testimonies which had been rendered to the excel-
lence of the statue and the genius of the artist. He
could, himself have wished that the design of the ar-
tist had been of a nature to attract the popular re-
fard rather more than it was calculated to do; but
e could not listen quietly to the unqualified con-
demnation of the work of the first American sculp-
tor. AVhatever differences of opinion there might
be as to the merits of the design, he could not
believe that any gentleman would vote for de-
stroying the work. He thought the matter ought
to be referred to a committee; and with this view
he would move that the resolution, now offered, be
referred to a committee of five members, with in-
structions to report a plan for the permanent location
of the statue.
Mr. PRATT remarked that the object of the
committee was, that, for the present, the statue be
exposed again to public view; and in a few weeks
it might be determined what further disposition
should be made of it.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired if there was
anything in the pending proceedings respecting the
group of statuary lately erected.
Mr. PRATT. Nothing whatever. They are
distinct and separate matters.
Mr. INGERSOLL observed that he was in-
formed an Indian was in attendance for the purpose
of remonstrating, declaring that there never was an
Indian girl dressed in that way. [A laugh.]
The question was put on the adoption of the res-
olution; and by ayes 82, noes not counted, it was
agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Winthroi-'s
motion to refer the resolution to a committee of five,
with instructions to report a plan for the permanent
location of the statue, and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate on House bill (71) for regulating
the navigation of steamboats on the western rivers, in Com-
mittee ol the Whole, shall cease on Monday, the 3d daj of
June next, at 3 o'clock, and the committee then proceed to
vote on the pending amendments, and such as ma} be of-
fered and report the same to the House.
The SPEAKER ruled that the resolution was not
in order, as the bill had never been debated m com-
mittee.
Mr. TIBBATTS then moved a suspension of the
rules, that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on that bill.
The motion was negatived.
MORMONS.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked permission to pre-
sent a memorial from General Joseph Smith, the
head of the Mormons, and required that it might be
read by the Clerk for the information of the House.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the memo-
rial.
Before the reading was concluded,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL interposed, and objected
to any further reading of the paper. He had ob-
jected to the reception at first, and still objected.
Mr. WELLER observed that if memorials of
this kind were to be read, he was entrusted with
the presentation of one of a peculiar character,
from certain citizens of Frederick county, Md.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he would move a sus-
pension of the rules, to enable him to have the pa-
per read; and he wished to inquire of the Chair
whether it would be in order for him to assign Ins
reasons for making such a motion.
Mr. DUNCAN observed if the gentleman would
yield him the floor, he would move to suspend the
rules, to go into Committee of the Whole on the
Oregon bill.
Mf. WENTWORTH said that, as he had the
floor, he would make the motion. Mr. W. then
moved that the rules be suspended, for the purpose
of going into Committee of the Whole or the Ore-
gon bill.
The SPEAKER said that the question would be
?*t susPenc,lng the rules to go into Committee of
the Whole. If that motion prevailed, the gentle-
man could move to take up any bill he pleased.
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays on the
question; which were ordered.
Mr. McKAY inquired, if the House should re-
alise to go into Committee of the Whole,, if it could.
by postponement of the previous orders, take up
the naval appropriation bill which had been reported
from the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to that effect
would require a vote of two-thirds.'
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and rejected—yeas 79, nays 86, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Bayley, Belser,
Benton, Bidlack, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower,
Bowhn, Boyd, Brinkerhofi', Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Jere-
miah E. Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Coles, Cullom, Darrah, Dillingham, Douglass, Dun-
can, Dunlap, Ellis, Ficklin, Foster, French, Byram Green,
Hale,-Hamlin, Hammet, Hardin, Henley, Herrick, Hoge,
Houston, Hubard, Jameson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin,
McCauslen, Maclay, McClernand, McDowell, Mathews,
Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Payne, Emery D.
Potter, Purdy. Rathbun, Reding-, Relfe, Ritter. Roberts,
Russell, Saunders, Thomas Smith, X^obeit Smith, Steen-
rod, Stetson, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Tibbatts, Tuck-
er, Weller, ^YVentworth, and Williams—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Bar-
nard, Brengle, Brodhead, Milton Blown, Jeremiah Brown,
Buftington, Campbell, Carroll, Chappell, Clingman, Cobb,
Cranston, Dana, Darnel, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Farlee,
Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddings, Goggin, Willis Green,
Grinnell, Hays, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungeiford, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Perley B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatnck,
Lyon, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh, Edward J. Morris,
Morse, Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Patteison, Peyton, Phce-
mx, Pollock, Preston, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, David S.
Reid, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Sclienck, Sen-
ter, Severance, Thomas H Seymour, David L. Sejmour,
Simons, Albeit Smith, John T. Smith. Caleb B Smith,
Stephens, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Summers,
Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
Wethered, White, Wmthrop, William Wright, and Jo-
seph A. Wright—
Mr. JA.MESON offered a resolution providing
that all debate in Committee of the Whole on the
bill providing- payment for horses lost by the Mis-
souri volunteers ir the Florida war, in one hour af-
ter the House should go into Committee of the
Whole on the same.
Mr. McKAY objected that the resolution was not
in order, as the bill had never been considered in
committee. He moved to postpone the previous
orders, so as to take up the naval appropriation
bill.
Mr. JAMESOJN said that the bill had been con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole, and had been
discussed by half a dozen gentlemen; and it was
only laid aside at the request of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, to obtain some in-
formation from the War Department.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Missouri was correct in his statement of facts; and
the resolution was in order.
The question was then put, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr, SEYMOUR moved to suspend the rules to
go into Committee of the Whole, and said that if
the motion prevailed, he should move to take up the
bill in relation to the pensions of the widows of rev-
olutionary soldiers.
Mr. VANCE said, to test the question whether
the House would set aside private bills altogether,
he would call for the yeas and nays.
A sufficient number not rising, the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and carried.
Mr. YANCE then moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the private
calendar; which motion being agreed to,
Mr. V. moved that, by general consent, the com-
mittee proceed with such bills as would not give rise
to debate: agreed to.
Various bills were taken up, but as they were
objected to, they were not acted upon.
The following were read, and laid aside to be re-
ported to the House:
A bill for the relief of F. P. Ambler, C. P. Am-
bler, and Elizabeth Pearce, heirs of Elizabeth
Rowe.
A bill for the relief of General William Eaton's
heirs.
A bill for the relief of Susannah, widow of Wm.
Scott.
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Mary Francis.
A bill for the owners and crew of the schooner
Garnett.
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Forilla.
A bill for the relief of Langtry and Jenkins.
A bill for the relief of William R. Joyne.
A bill for the relief of D. Akison.
A bill for the relief of Francis Summeraner.
A bill for the relief of A. D. W. Bodly.
A bill for the relief of E. Kiddon.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy.
A bill for the relief of Harvey Parke.
A bill for the relief of J. P. Converse.
A bill for the relief of C. P. Sengstack.
A bill for the relief of David Allspach.
A bill for the relief of George Singley.
A bill for the relief of George Wentling.
A bill for the relief of Uriah Loomis.
A bill for the relief of Amaziah Goodwin.
A bill for the relief of the widow of George Mars-
den.
A bill for the relief of John Edmonson.
A bill for the relief of Mary A. Linton.
A bill for the relief of Peter Wilson.
A bill for the relief of Maria Ostrander.
A bill for the relief of Mary B. Perry, et al.
A bill for the relief of Ferguson and Reid.
A bill for the relief of Henry Da Peyster.
A bill for the relief of Daniel G. Skinner.
A bill from the Senate to incorporate the George-
town College, in the District of Columbia.
A bill to confirm the claim of Antonio Cherino to
a tract of land in Louisiana.
A bill for the relief of W. P. Duvall.
A bill for the relief of Richard Snead.
A bill for the relief of Francis Cazeau, of Mon-
treal.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of P. Thornton.
A bill for the relief of W. J. Baker.
A bill for the relief of Samuel Moore.
A bill for the relief of J. A. Bryan.
A bill for the relief of Patrick Mastcrson.
A bill for the relief of Sherman Pierce.
A bill for the relief of Drusilla Giesey.
A bill for the relief of Lund Washington.
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Pnvado.
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Two Brothers.
A bill for the relief of John H. Russell, etaL
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Dove.
A bill for the relief of Francis Yost and J. T.
Rogers.
A bill for the relief of Harvey Heth.
A bill for the relief of P. B. Holmes and W. Ped-
lick.
A bill for the relief of Alice TJsher.
A bill for the relief of John Milstead.
A bill for the relief of Henry Newingham.
A bill for the relief of Isaac Bartler.
A bill for the relief of John Perham.
A bill for the benefit of P. Schwartztrawbcr.
A bill for the benefit of the heirs of Christopher
Miller.
A bill for the benefit of Barnebas Baker and oth-
ers, owners of the schooner Union.
A bill for the relief of Solomon Sturges, assignee
of Humphry Rechcreek.
A bill for the relief of Abelnrd Guthrie.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Hart.
A bill for the relief of Isaac S. Ketchum.
A bill for the relief of Isaac S. Ketchum, late
special Indian agent.
A bill for the relief of Henry S. Comwager.
A bill for the relief of Arsenath Orvis, widow of
G. Orvis.
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Bean.
A bill for the relief of Robert Munroe.
A bill for the relief of Asa Davis.
A bill for the relief of Daniel W. Church.
A bill for the relief of Manlius V. Thompson,
sole executor of Miles W. Dickey.
A bill for the relief of William McPherson.
A bill for the relief of Josiah Dillon.
A bill for the relief of John Sands.
A bill for the relief of Ann Hunter, widow of
Robert Hunter.
A bill for the relief of JVancy Wilson, widow of
Captain William Wilson.
A bill for the relief of William IvIcCauley.
A bill for the relief of Mrs. M- M. Telfair.
A bill for the relief of Francois Chretien and
widow Baptiste Berard.
A bill for the relief of Susannah Warner.
A bill for the relief of William R. Davis.
A bill for the relief of F. A. Keir.
A bill for the relief of Peters, Moore, and Co.
A bill for the relief of Margaret Dougherty.
A bill for the relief of Amos Proctor.
A bill for the relief of widow Hannah Duboisc.
A bill.for the relief of George Harrison.
A bill for the relief of Hiram Murch.
