April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
630
The Tariff—Mr. Marsh.
H. of Reps.
by the fear of evils, which may be fancied but can-
not be foresfeen.
It is worthy of notice, while on this point, that,
■whatever the practice of England may be, the
teachings of her popular writers tend to the very
doctrines inculcated by this report. Authors are
subsidized to manufacture free-trade theories for
the foreign market, and large sums are raised to
carry on this new missionary enterprise of dissemi-
nating through the world those doctrines of political
economy which England is wise enough- to repu- ,
diate at home.
England spares no _ pains to acquire an influence
here. She aims to dictate our economical theories,
our commercial system, our legislation. She com-
mends herself to the North, by boasting of her
achievements in the great cause of the abolition of
human slavery; and towin favor at the South, she
holds out the delusive hope that her influence will
be thrown into the scale of universally free and un-
restricted trade.
C But, sir, are we never to be in fact, what near
threescore and ten years ago our fathers declared us
to be of right, independent of England? Have we,
in that long space, learned nothing- from our own
experience, and is the utmost period of the life of
man too short to teach anything to a nation? Are
not the counsels of the wise and good, the dead and
the living- of our own land, sufficient for our gui-
dance? For ine, sir, the examples and the teachings
of our fathers suffice. I look for no instruction in
the science of government to British writers at
home, or to British renegades, or alienated Ameri-
cans here; and I piefer the palpable prosperity that
I can sea and feel to the airy visions of the most
persuasive theorist.
But it is time to look a little more closely at the
bill under consideration, and to inquire into its real
character and purposes. It is scarcely possible to
cast a glance at it, without discovering that both its
arguments and its facts are derived from sources
unfriendly to American interests, and more disposed
to color, distort, or suppress, than candidly to dis-
close the whole truth. You are hearing the argu-
ments and assumptions of British importers from
the mouths of American statesmen. The hostility
of the bill to domestic labor is so thinly disguised, if,
indeed, there be any attempt at concealment, that it
seems a work of supererogation to point it out; but
so far as the policy it inculcates can be referred to
any intelligible principle, it is this: to make a show
of protection to the raw material, by a slight reduc-
tion, or, as in the case of wool not grown in this
country, a slight increase of the duties imposed by
the existing law, and then to neutralize this protec-
tion, by admitting the manufactured article at a
much lower rate. The manufacturer can be induced
to purchase the raw material only by the hope of
profit on the manufactured goods. But if you ad-
mit the goods at such rates that the foreign manu-
facturer can undersell him m our market, he will
suspend his operations, and buy the raw material
no longer. It avails nothing to the American pro-
ducer to protect his wool by a duty of thirty per
cent., if ycu admit woollen goods at the same, or a
lower rate of duty. You destroy his market by
destroying the inducement of the domestic manu-
facturer to buy. This is too palpable to require any
elucidation beyond the simple statement. Indeed,
so unequivocally is the bill characterized by unre-
lenting hostility to American industry, that it in
genera! reduces the duties imposed by the tarift' of
1842 on foreign manufactures just m proportion to
the amount of foreign labor expended upon them.
This is a point of so great importance that I desire
to draw to it the special attention of the committee.
By the tariff of 1842, the highest duties were im-
posed on those wares in which the value of the raw
material bore the lowest proportion to the amount
of the labor required for their fabrication, and so far
the diity operated as a tax on foreign and a bounty
upon domestic labor. The bill now under consid-
eration proposes to abolish this just and salutary dis-
crimination, and in ettect to give a premium to the
foreign laborer. Thus, the duty on raw silk is re-
duced three and a half per cent.; the duty on silk
goods from live to foity per cent. The duty
on iron four per cent.; on manufactures of iron
from four to one hundred and seven per cent. The
duty on common wool, three cents per pound; on
woollen goods from five to fifty-seven percent. The
duty on the simpler glass wares, one percent.; if par-
tially cut, sixty-two per cent; if cut from one-third
to one-half the length, one hundred and fifty-six per
cent., anditpon the larger sizes of crown glass two
hundred pid thirteen per cent. To what principle
but hostility to domestic labor can we refer a sys-
tem of duties which favors the admission of foreign
wares, in proportion as their value has'been in-
creased by the employment of foreign capita] and
foreign labor?
The avowed principle of the bill—that, namely, of
providing for revenue alone—is not merely opposed
to the doctrine of legislative protection; it goes be-
yond this, and wars directly upon those interests,
which most require protection. A revenue duty
must be so framed as to invite importation. If you
discourage the .importation , of a particular article,
you diminish or destroy your revenue from it; and
if you aim to draw the greatest amount of revenue
from each description of goods, you must so reg-
ulate your tariff as to induce the greatest import-
ation of those goods. This you can do only by
giving the foreign producer a preference over the
domestic in our own market. A revenue tariff,
then, is such an arrangement of duties as will enable
the foreign manufacturer to compete successfully
with the native, and is consequently antagonistic,
not only to that which is imposed for the specific
purpose of protection, but to that more rational sys-
tem so happily exemplified in the tariff of 1842,
which, with singular felicity, combines increase of
revenue with competent protection to most branches
of domestic industry. s
I am aware that northern democrats, in general,
dare not openly avow hostility to home labor. Like
the chief piiests and scribes of old, they "fear the
people," and even profess friendship for the cause.
But this bill comes from the democratic oracles.
Soothsayers-, of higher rank than the magi of this
House, have been taken into council, and a mighty
astrologer has pronounced upon the horoscope.
Doubtless the report speaks the real sentiments of
the party; and its policy is destined to be carried
out, if the scattered and dispirited legions of the de-
mocracy can yet be rallied in sufficient strength to
wrest the victory from the growing and gathering
forces of "that army with banners," which has al-
ready smittteri them with panic terror. It is in vain
to deny that the bill is both calculated and designed
to overthrow the whole productive industry of our
people; and the friendship of the self-styled demo-
crat for the laborer is that of the Quaker skipper for
the enemy's captain who boarded his vessel.
"Friend," said Ichabod, flinging his brawny arms
around him, "I will not hurt thee, but I presume
thee can swim," and, so saying, threw him over-
board.
I do not propose to inquire into the constitutional
power of Congress to legislate with a view to pro-
tection; for I have not observed that constitutional
scruples oppose any very serious obstacles in gen-
tlemen's way, when a favorite project is to be car-
ried. Besides, these scruples are particularly rife
among the very same class of politicians who enter-
tain no doubt of the right of this single House to
exercise a power, in restricting the right of petition,
which the express words of the constitution deny to
Congress, and who, in the case of the four recusant
States, maintained the power of the House of Rep-
resentatives to nullify a solemn act of the national
legislature, passed in strict conformity with the let-
ter of the constitution. Sir, I have no fear that gen-
tlemen who swallowed those camels will ever be
strangled by so small a gnat as this. The coivitu-
tional cholic, is indeed, a grievous complaint, of en-
times an excruciatingly painful disease, but, happi-
ly, it is never mortal. Gentlemen aie frequently at-
tacked by it; they sicken; they suffer. In the words
of the law, they lanquish and languishingly do live,
but die never. In the long rows of our departed
predecessors, in yonder cemetry, you find the mon-
uments of those who have fcllen a prey to death in
ail his varied shapes. Gout, apoplexy, consumption,
fever, and even the hand of violence, each hath
had its victims, but constitutional scruples none.
For such a disorder, it would seem superfluous to
prescribe. Besides, the very vis medicatrix of nature
sometimes originates milder forms of disease, by
whose action the peccant humors of the system arc
carried off, and dangerous organic or chronic com-
plaints are prevented or healed. Who knows but
this constitutional malady may serve some like
prophylactic or medicative purpose in our political
system? These scruples are often of excellent use,
by way of apology for voting with our party, and
against the plainest reasons of general good, or the
interests of our own constituents. Moreover, in
debate, they are a good tub for the whale, and serve
in a party siege to divert the attack from the weaker
points, the salient angles, of the fortress. It would,
therefore, be hardly fair, were it practicable, fo de-
prive "gentlemen of so' convenient a retreat when
pressed by arguments which they are u.nable to an-'
swer. -
But however serious gentlemen may be in insist-
ing on constitutional objections; it ean hardly be
expected that the country will now abandon as un-
constitutional a system sanctioned by: the- very,
framers of the constitution in the Congress of 1789,
and approved by every President, from Washington,
down to the immortal successor of his own "illus-
trious predecessor," who has been, arid is, on both
sides of every supposable question but two—
viz: the abolition of slavery in this District, and
the expediency of the selection of a certain favorite
son, a certain northern man with southern princi-
ples, (who shall at .present be nameless,) as the next
democratic candidate for the" presidency. On' the
former of these points I believehe is committed; and
I rather think there are gentlemen hereabouts, who,
if they saw good cause, could tell how and. why he
became so. As to the other question, I have never
understood that he entertained any hesitation, unless
it may be a trifling doubt, whether the people, upon
"sober second thought," would confirm the nomi-
nation which the convention ought to make; and
whether they would not, under the influence of an-
cient prejudice or new delusion, reject the cashiered
pilot who asks to be reinstated, and prefer rather a '
more experienced and trusty helmsman.
There are certain kinds and branches of industry
which, as all men agree, lawfully may be, and, as
matter of expediency, ought to be, protected. You
secure to the author the copy-right in the coinage
of his brain; and you guaranty to the inventor of a
new process, or machine, tlie exclusive right to his
invention against every competitor, whether native
or foreign. Here is protection, in the odious form
of an absolute monopoly; yet no man questions its
justice or its expediency. I am well aware that, in
the case of the celebrated cotton gin, southern
chivalry thought fit practically to nullify the patent
law, and to deny to the meritorious inventor all
substantial reward for his valuable machine; but in
general the policy of the law is approved.
[Mr. Holmes here interposed, and observed, that
(South Carolina had purchased the right to the use
cf the cotton gin. And Mr. Rhett added, that the
same State had afterwards made a voluntary grant
of §20,000 to the inventor. It was also suggested,
that North Carolina had acquired the right for the
use of her citizens by fair purchase.]
Protection has, as I have before remarked, already
done its work for the great staple of the South; and
no man familiar with the history of manufactures,
and particularly of mechanical invention, can doubt
that legislative protection has been the indispensable
condition of the great prosperity and extended
amount of the cotton trade. The encouragement
early afforded to the growth and working of cotton,
induced investments m this branch of manufacture,
and it soon attained a considerable degree of impor-
tance. The mechanical ingenuity of this country,
and of England, now began to exert a reciprocal in-
fluence. The admirable construction of our ma-
chinery, copied and improved from that.of England,
and the advantages enjoyed by our manufacturers
m the abundance ana cheapness of water-power,
compelled the English to improve their spinning
and weaving apparatus. This improvement reacted
upon us, and, in like manner, led to new contri-
vances; and the whole process of converting cotton
into cloths has been more than once completely
revolutionized. The consequence has been a vastly
facilitated and cheapened production of cotton goods,
and of course a proportionally increased use of
them. Cotton has, to a great extent, supplanted
linen, which is more costly of production, and far
less capable of elaboration by machinery. Cottons
have also been largely substituted for woollens, in
the shape of cotton flannels, and other thick fabrics;
and they are interwoven with linen, with silk, with
wool, with the fleece of the cashmere goat, and m
fact with every textile substance. Cotton is used in
vast quantities for batting and padding, for canvass,
and innumerable other purposes, to which none
thought of applying it until within the last few
years. Hence there is a demand for this product
almost without limit, and the planter both buys
cheaper the manufactured article, and sells a vastly
increased quantity of this raw material.
Such are the effects of protection; and I cannot
forbear to notice in this connection a remarkable in-
stance of the interdependence .between different
