626
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the House, of which Mr. Van Rensselaer of New
York was chairman. He remembered perfectly
■well the circumstances under which that report was
made. He confessed that at that time he made very
little personal examination into the subject, but re-
lied chiefly upon the information and experience of
those who were more thoroughly acquainted with
it. Other ,gentlemen were upon that committee,
upon whose judgment he relied. Since he# had be-
come a member of this body, this matter had
been repeatedly before it. He had examined it
since that period sufficiently to make up this judg-
ment upon it—that, regarding it as a matter of
claim on the part of Robert Fulton or his family
against this government, there was, in reality no
claim at all, unless his invention, its application to
purposes of navigation, and the general benefits
which resulted from it, were considered the founda-
tion of a claim. Mr. Fulton, when he died, was
indebted to the government of the United States,
on the books of the Treasury, $45,000—§5,000 for
an'advance on one object, and $40,000 on another.
But certain services of his, and the damages he sus-
tained by the detention of his steam vessel Vesu-
vius, at New Orleans, in 1814—'16, which was press-
ed for the use of the government by General Jack-
son", were understood to cancel this claim. This bill
goes $76,300 beyond "that. For himself, he could
say that, with the strongest disposition to found a
claim for Mr. Fulton, for which he could vote, he
had never been able to found one. Congress might
grant that individual a gratuity, but he could see no
foundation for a claim. The report which he had
called for would more fully explain his views.
Mr. PEARCE said he had paid some little atten-
tion to this claim; and the result was that, in his
opinion, Robert Fulton had a strong and just claim
upon the government of the United States. The
Senate committee, who had had this matter under
consideration, were prepared to vote for an appro-_
priutionof $100,000; but as the bill stood, it pro-'
vided only for the payment of $76,000, in conform-
ity with the views 'of the House committee. It
was reported according to their instructions. The
fact was, as stated by the senator from New York,
[Mr. Weight,] that Mr. Fulton died without set-
tling his accounts with the government—indebted
to it $40,000. The advance to him was $45,000;
but it was conceded that $5,000 of this sum had
been expended for the purpose granted—that of
making experiments with torpedoes.- This left a
balance apparently against him of $40,000.
After the death of Mr. Fulton, the government
instituted a suit against his executor for the recove-
ry of this $40,000. The executors exhibited an
account for the services of the steamer Vesuvius.
She was at New Orleans during the battle of 1814;
and it was in December of that year, that he made
a contract with the government, for which he re-
ceived $40,000 in advance. Three days after this
contract was made, and before any knowledge of it
could reach New Orleans, the steamer Vesuvius was
impressed by order of the commanding general, not
for a war vessel, but to be used, as the Carolina was
used, in the attack upon the bridge. This, however,
was not carried into effect, because, soon after,
the vessel grounded. She remained aground se-
venty days; and for this detention, and the damages
sustained by it, the executors of Mr. Fulton
asked to be indemnified. They did not ask for the
entire amount which they might have made during
that time of public excitement; but they asked to
be paid at the rate which the vessel would have
made under ordinary circumstances. This claim
was brought before the cireuit court of New York,
and was there decided in favor of the claimant.
The jury returned a verdict for the defendants; and
would have rendered a verdict for the amount esti-
mated to be the loss sustained, if the law had per-
mitted them to do so, for any specific sum. But the
law did not grant them that power; and they, there-
fore, merely returned a verdict against the govern-
ment of the United Stetes.
He would remark that, in 1836, Congress passed a
joint resolution referring this whole subject to the
Secretary of the Navy, instructing him to decide
upon what grounds the claim was made, and what
was due Mr. Fulton. He made the examination,
and decided that the United States was debtor to
Mr. Fulton the sum of $100,000. This was his
account:—for experiments with the torpedoes $5,000,
and $5,000 for his services making them; for the use
of his vessel the Vesuvius $60,000, (being $800 per
day;) for the use of his inventions for steam-batte-
ries $50,000; and commission on building the Fulton
steam frigate $25,000—making in all $145,000; from
which, deducting the advance of $45,000, there was
left a balance of $100,000.
The House of Representatives, upon that report,
passed a bill by a-majority of more than forty, ap-
propriating $100,000; but it didnot pass the Senate,
he believed, for want of time that session.
He had stated that the steamer Vesuvius was im-
pressed by order of the commanding general at
New Orleans, (General Jackson.) Upon this fact,
the committee had the testimony of Mr. Livingston.
The Vesuvius being thus impressed, sustained by
her detention a loss of the amount she could have
made, at the ordinary price of freight between New
Orleans and Louisville, which at that time was five
cents a pound. According to the statement of Jas-
per Lynch, which was a correct statement, her re-
turns in 1818, on a passage from New Orleans to
Louisville, (which took about forty days,) were
$800 a day, during the whole period. In the esti-
mate which he had made, he (Mr. Pearce) had as-
sumed that amount to be her due. When this gov-
ernment had paid as much as $600 a day for a
steamer, at a much later period for military pur-
poses in the Florida war, it was nothing extraordi-
nary that this vessel should make $800. It was a
large vessel; its tonnage was nearly 300; freight
and passengers would have enabled her to make
$800 a day, having no competition. •
He could see no principle of reason or justice
upon which a single dollar should be deducted from
this.
In 1814, Congress passed a joint resolution au-
thorizing the building of a steam frigate. Mr Ful-
ton was employed in attending to the building of
this vessel; which was not got up by an asso-
ciation in New York, as some had supposed; but by
the government. It was true an association was got
up in New York for that purpose, which designed
having a steam ship built, and offering it to the
government at the cost price, but the project was
given up. The government authorized the building
of this vessel itself. According to the testimony of
several able and experienced builders, the ordinary
commission was now five per cent. Mr. Fulton
was obliged himself to conduct all the important
branches of the work; and was subject to extraordi-
nary physical toil, as well as having his mental en-
ergies taxed to the utmost. The condition upon
which he conducted the building work was ten per
cent.; which, added to the sum of $57,600, which he
(Mr. P.) had estimated was due htm for the loss
sustained by "the impressment of Vesuvius, made
the sum of $82,000; and taking from that $40,000,
there was a balance due him of $42,000. So far
as this went, he thought the executors of Mr. Fulton
had a strict claim upon the government of the
United States. There was another claim, against
which the remarks of the senator from New York
were directed. Mr. Fulton's heirs asked to be in-
demnified for the invention of steam, as applied to
vessels of war. It was very certain that the use of
steam for purposes of navigation owed its existence
to Robert Fulton; and that it fully answered every
purpose for which it was designed—though his ves-
sels did not possess the same capabilities and speed
which vessels of that description now do. The
frigate built under his superintendence was a remark-
able work at that time, and well adapted to the
purpose of harbor defence. That we owed to the
ingenuity, genius, and skill of Robert Fulton, the
application of steam to marine -purposes, was an
undisputed fact. He (Mr. P.) was not disposed to
regard this as a strict demand. The government
of the United States had availed itself of the inven-
tion and ingenuity of Mr. Fulton, and was bound,
in all justice, to make him some compensation as an
evidence of national gratitude. When we consider-
ed how much this country owed to that man—how
his invention had enhanced its wealth and prosperi-
ty—how it had augmented its commerce—increased
its population—brought together the once remote
parts of the Union—and added value to the lands,—
when wc considered all this, He, for one, did not feel
disposed to look into it as a strict matter of claim.
He should vote him this, not as a gratuity, (as the
honorable Senator from New York had said,) but as
a token of the gratitude of his country—gratitude
which he had fairly earned by his services, and
which was most justly due him. In conclusion,
he hoped the bill would pass.
Mr. WRIGHT did not desire to debate this ques-
tion. Mr. Fulton and his family were, when this
claim originated, constituents of his; and he felt that
they should be so now, wherever they Ihed. It
was only in conformity with his sense of duty,
overpowering his sympathies, that he had been in-
duced to resist the claim. He could not so well
express his opinion as the report (which was now
on the Secretary's table) expressed it. He asked
the reading of that report.
[Here the report of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Claims, to which Mr. Wright alluded, was
read.]
Mr. McDUFFIE stated to the Senate some facts
which took place when this subject was investigated
in the other branch of the national legislature, fif-
teen years ago. By a very large majority of the
House, a bill was passed granting $100,000 to Rob-
ert Fulton, at that period. In 1836, Congress, by
joint resolution, directed the Secretary of the Navy
to make an investigation of the accounts between
the government and Mr. Fulton. The report of the
Secretary of the Navy was in strict accordance with,
that resolution. He thought this government was
bound, by every sentiment of gratitude, to make
Mr. Fulton some compensation for his useful inven-
tion, and for the services which he had rendered to
the country.
Mr. PEARCE said that the report of the Com-
mittee on Claims, which had just been read at the
request of the senator from New York, differed in
one or two particulars from the statement which he
had made when he first addressed the Senate. The
committee from which that report came said they
were satisfied $200 a day was sufficient to remune-
rate Mr. Fulton for the seventy days' detention of
the Vesuvius-in consequence of impressment; but
upon what evidence, they did not pretend to say.
They admitted that captain De Hart, who command-
ed this boat, stated that she had cleared from $1,500
to $2,000 a day; but they did not show by what rule
they had reduced this down to $200 a day. With-
out allowing anything for the excitement of the
time, she was entitled to more than this. Two years
after the war she made a trip from Louisville to
New Orleans, charging the ordinary rates for freight
and passengers, and made $800 a day, including the
time spent in stoppages; so that the Committee on
Claims had no reason whatever for making the esti-
mate at $200 a day.
The committee, according to the report, consider
$5,000 a very liberal allowance for the building of
the frigate. He (Mr. P.) considered him eminently
entitled to the $50,000.
The subject was further debated by Messrs.
WRIGHT, WOODBRIDGE, PHELPS, Mc-
DUFFIE, PEARCE, BATES, JOHNSON, CRIT-
TENDEN, HENDERSON, &c.; and finally,
On motion of Mr. EVANS, to prevent its further
discussion interfering with the special order of the
day, it was laid on the table till to-morrow.
THE TARIFF THE COMPROMISE ACT.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution of the Committee
on Finance, for the indefinite postponment of the
bill, introduced by Mr. McDuffie, to reduce the
rates of duties under the present tariff, to the standard
of the compromise act.
Mr. RIVES, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate for three hours and a half; chiefly
in support of the protective policy, which he main-
tained had always been the object of the administra-
tions ofthe government from its beginning to the pres-
ent time, in regulating the tariff. He also vindicat-
ed the tariff act of 1842, stating that although he had
voted against it on the supposition that it was too
high to produce revenue, experience had proved that
it was truly a revenue measure, and that it had now
become the permanent policy ofthe country.
At the conclusion of Mr. R's remarks,
Mr. McDUFFIE—claiming the floor as his right
in closing the debate for reply to all the comments
made on the other side upon his remarks—moved
the postponement of the subject to Wednesday, and
that it should be made the special order for that day
at 1 o'clock.
Mr. WOODBURY said that at one time he had
intended, before the debate closed, to reply at some
length to a few of the attacks on his remarks, made
near its commencement; but it had now become so
obvious that"no practical result was likely to be at-
tained by the bill under consideration, and that our
time was greatly needed for other important meas-
ures, he should waive that intention entirely; and
he would now only add an explanation of the error
into which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Rives]
seemed inadvertently to have fallen in the first por-
tion of his speech, m vindicating the collection of
