640
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJB.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Marsh.
H; of Reps.
branches of industry, and of the unfoieseen collate-
ral benefits which flow from this eminently wise
and paternal system. Theenlarged consumption, and
of cotton goods, has proportionally increased
the supply of rags for the paper maker, and the
raw- material for the most important of all manu-
factures—the handmaid of that art which is the
conservator of all art and all .knowledge—is furnished
in inexhaustible abundance, and at greatly reduced
cost. Illustrations of this sort might be multiplied
without limit, for there exists between the various '
branches of productive industry the same common
bond, which, according to an ancient philosophical
orator, unites the entire body of the liberal arts into
one harmonious whole.
But, sir, is not this very .bill designed to protect a
particular branch of capital and industry, and that
at the sacrifice of all others? It is hinted that for-
eign trade is largely interested in the overthrow of
our protective system, and for that very trade pro-
tection is demanded. But in whose behalf is this
protection asked, and for whose benefit are we call-
ed upon to sacrifice our own productive classes?
We learn from unquestionable sourccs, that of the
importations from Great Britain 65 per cent, is on
British account. Of those from France, and other
continental countries, not less than 83 per cent, is
on foreign account; and of course nearly the whole
profit on this enormous proportion of our trade goes
into the hands of foreigners. Shall we legislate for
the subjects of Great Britain arid of France?, Shall
the foreign importer himself determine the duty
which he will condescend to pay? Are his
interests to be chiefly regarded m the legisla-
tion pf this hall? But were it otherwise—
■were the advantages of this great commerce the
proper gain of our own citizens—is this object of
the promotion of foreign trade worth not only its
present cost, but all the sacrifies which are asked
for it? In 1836, all men abandoned their regular
occupations, and set themselves to buy, sell, and get
gain; and such was the neglect of agriculture, that
even oats were imported from the banks of the
Elbe to feed the horses that pastured in the valley
of the Mohawk. The excessive trade of 1836 was
followed by the convulsion of 1837, and there has
been no lack of lectures from our democratic breth-
ren upon the causes of that convulsion. The crisis
of 1837, said they, was not owing to the specie cir-
cular, to the removal of the deposites, to the refusal
of the government to recharter the United States
Bank, to the multitude of State banks chartered by
democratic legislatures to fill the place of that dead
monster, to the derangement, in fine, of the curren-
cy of the country by the action of the government.
No, it was none of these things, nor the combined
action of all these things, but it was the excessive
importation—the spirit of overtrading—which
caused all that ruin. Is then the spirit, which in
1836 was a spirit of darkness, now become an an-
gel of light5 If the foreign importations of 1836 in-
volved the whole land in bankruptcy, ruin, and
shame, is it now wise to stimulate importation to
the highest extent to which legislation can carry it?
Again, sir, is not the maintenance, protection,
and accommodation of this foreign trade one of the
heaviest items in the cost of our national govern-
ment? To what other end do you maintain a navy,
at the expense of six millions per annum, to display
your protecting flag in every sea? For what other
purpose are your foreign embassies, your costly
custom-house establishment, and a vast proportion
of your civil list? Sir, 1 argue not against these
things as unnecessary, but to draw attention to the
fact, that trade too has its protection, and to sug-
gest the inquiry how much more we can aflbrd to
pay for its promotion.
Every gentleman who lias studied the history of
the origin of this government, knows that the pro-
tection of property, as well as life and personal
liberty, against both the violence and the policy of
foreign powers, was the chicf end sought to be at-
tained by the establishment of the confederacy.
The power of granting such protection as domestic
industry requires, has been surrendered by the in-
dividual States; and unless it has lodged in the peo-
ple of the Union, to be by them exercised, through
us, their representatives, it is irrecoverably gone.
The surrender is valid to pass the power out of the
hands of the grantors, the States, but not good to
vest it in Congress, the grantee. Strange anomaly;
and yet to this reduciio ad absurdum you are inevita-
.bly brought, if you deny the power of Congress to
jimjpose a protective duty. But if Congress may
legislate for the protection of capital inye&M m
trade, why not also for that of capital invested in
manufactures? The buildings, the machinery, the
stock, in its various" stages of elaboration, the-lands,
whose vafue depends upon the successful employ-
ment of the capital thus invested,—all these are prop-
erty, as much as the stocks of the capitalist, the'
ships of the merchant, the lands of the planter; and,
viewed simply as property, without regard to higher
considerations of national policy, are just as much
entitled to legislative favor and protection. The
American capital invested in manufactures and the
mechanic arts, is believed to amount to no less a
sum than four hundred millions of dollars; and one-
fourth of bur population is dependent for bread on
the prosperity of those arts. To this va'st aum, add
the increased value of lands in the vicinity - of
flourishing manufactories, and you have an aggre-
gate scarcely inferior to any of the items which
make up the sum total of our national wealth.
Destroy the protective system, and you annihilate
at a blow this great accumulation of wealth, this im-
mense proportion of our national resources. In re-
gard to the property invested in manufactures, it is
to be observed that the destruction involved by its
sacrifice has no compensation. It is annihilation,
not transfer. Thousands are impoverished; none
are enriched. You make your country poorer by
the amount both of the capital directly invested and
the difference in value of the lands and other prop-
erty affected. Let a flourishing factory spring up,
with its capital of $100,000, and it adds to the sale-
able value and actual productiveness of the lands in
its vicinity at least as much more. Destroy it, and
all this wealth has evaporated. In the case of the
removal of public buildings, and the construction of
works of internal improvement, there is often an ap-
parent loss, which *is, however, balanced by a com-
pensation in the increased value thereby given to
property elsewhere. Construct a canal, passing three
miles from a flourishing country village, instead of
through it. Its prosperity is destroyed. One by
one its most enterprising inhabitants desert it, and
the aged and the poor alone are left. The cheerful
din of its industry is hushed. The grass grows in the
streets, its cottages are no longer the home of man,
and the fox looks out at the window. Here is
ruin, here is desolation—melancholy enough, no
doubt—but there is another side to the picture. On
the banks of that canal there arises a new vil-
lage, which, in its rapid growth and improve-
ment, far outstrips all that the most sanguine
fancy had ever hoped for its older rival. Here
is, indeed, a destruction, but there is also
a creation of wealth. It is a transfer, not an an-
nihilation of prosperity; and though individuals may
suffer, the sum total of national wealth is undimin-
ished, and even increased. On the other hand,
strike down a great branch of national industry, and
where is your compensation? Do southern gentle-
men imagine that the ruin of the manufacturers of
Massachusetts will raise the price of cotton? Do
the forgemen of Pennsylvania hope to sell more iron,
when the busy industry of New England shall be
still, and the clang of the anvil and the hum of the
wheel shall no more mingle with the roar of the wa-
terfall? Does the western farmer suppose that he
shall increase the price of his lands, or the profits of
his husbandry, by compelling his eastern brethren
to devote to the growing of grain and the feeding of
cattle the millions of acres which they now occupy
for sheep-walks, and for the cultivation of the teazle
and other vegetable products required for the use of
the manufacturer? New England is able abundant-
ly to supply her own population with breadstuff's
and meats. Her soil, though inferior to the prairies
of the "West in fertility, is superior in variety. Sir,
the West can produce nothing, absolutely nothing,
which the soil of New England cannot also be made
to yield in superfluous abundance. Even infertili-
ty, the difference between the East and the West
has been greatly eraggerated. Sir, on this subject
I do not speak without book. I have seen the prin-
cipal grain-gi owing '•Ues of the "West in their har-
vest, and being practically familiar with agri-
culture, I claim to be able to judge of
their productiveness. The western people, with
all their virtues, (and I accord them many,) are a
little prone to talk in Ercles' vein; and I have heard
on the prairies some gasconading about crops,
which would have done no dishonor to Ancient
Pistol. We of the East, as manufacturers and shep-
herds, are, to some extent, dependent on you of the
West. Destroy our industry—compel us to ex-
change the loom for the plough, the sheep for the
ox—mm \\n from eomnmm into producers, and
you have lost your best customer; we buy of you
no longer. Of the forty millions of the produce -of
other States which Magsachucetts consumes, she
will require not a dollar. Add to this the supplies
demanded for the manufacturers of other States, and
you have not less than one hundred millions of
American produce, for .which a market will no lon-
ger exist. Where do you look for compensation
for this loss? You have not the smallest reason to
expect that the British corn laws will be repealed;
no other European nation will take your produce;
and when you are ready to sell, none will be found
to buy.
Let the western farmer examine this bill, and cal-
culate the saving which he supposes he would make
by the operation of the anti-labor tariff. How
many dollars would he save on his cloths? how
many on his ironware? how many on his glass, his
groceries,'and other imported goods? Even admit-
ting the truth of the false principle assumed by the
report—that a reduction of duty is a reduction of
price to the consumer—he will find that few families
would save fifty dollars, the laborer, probably,, not
ten. But, on the other hand, would not this
gain be more than overbalanced by the inevi-
table reduction in the price of his produce, re-
sulting from the loss of a market which con-
sumes, annually, $100,000,000 of the products of the
non-manufacturing States? Sir, where the western
States would save one million, they would lOse
ten. But, I repeat it, it is not true that a diminu-
tion of the duty lowers the price. Reduce them so
as to destroy demestic manufactures, and do you
think that the British artisan, when relieved from
American competition, will sell you his wares as
cheaply as now? Will he not rather take advan-
tage of his monopoly of the market, and compel you
both to buy and to sell at his own price?
Attempts have been made to excite the jealousy
of the South and West, by inflated statements in
regard to the profits of the manufactures. It has
been proved, by calculations—omitting only the use
of capital, wear, and decay of machinery, fixtures,
and buildings, taxes and insurance, and the nume-
rous contingencies to which these establishments
are pre-eminently liable—that the eastern manufac-
turers must have cleared not less than twenty or
thirty per cent, per annum for a series of years.
We have the best authority for saying, that the
profits of the cotton manufacturers Have for years
not exceeded an average of six per cent.; and as to
woollen mills, it is within my personal knowledge,
that there is scarcely a woollen factory in New Eng-
land which has not lost a sum equal to its entire
capital, since 1837. Under the tariff of 1842, these
establishments can live, but they can never be a
means of the rapid accumulation of wealth.
I wish to present another general consideration.
I refer to the importance of domestic manufactures,
as an essential element in a system of national
independence and defence. Gentlemen need not
to be told, that during the late war with Great
Britain, the government was forced to connive at
an illicit trade with the enemy, as the only means
of supply of such articles as neither government
nor people could live without. Shall we again
subject ourselves to the inconvenience and shame of
smuggling from a hostile country the very blankets
which cover our soldiers; and while slacking fire,
that the smoke of our guns may clear away, shall
we negotiate with the enemy for the" purchase of
powder?
I am sorry to say, Mr. Chairman, that I am not
among those who disccrn in the signs of the times
sure tokens of abiding peace. The age of conquest,
it is said, has passed away, but at a moment when
our own administration is meditating a war of con-
quest, and has already virtually declared hostilities
in that unholy cause, it lies not in our mouths to say
that such wars are no longer possible. Sir, I have
too much respect for the cool judgment of our states-
men, and too much confidence in the regard of our
people for the principles of justice, and the integrity
of the Union, to believe that they will assent to the
consummation of a project which, under the circum-
stances, can only be characterized as supremely un-
wise, and pre-eminently fla°iaour, and wb-'ch must
necessarily result, not in dissension, but in disiup-
tion. I do not therefore apprehend a conflict with
Mexico, or its necessary corollary, an immediate war
with England; but I cannot be blind to the fact that
we are in constant danger of a rupture with the
most formidable power upon earth. Great Britain,
sir, holds Canada on the north; her fleets command
the Atlantic on the on the south, eh$ has ex-.
