ms
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, the . committee
took up the "bill (No. 132) authorizing repayment
for lands sold by the United States without authori-
^Mr. H. briefly explained the object of the bill.
Mr. VINTON and Mr. HOUSTON entered into
some explanations, and the bill was verbally amend-
Some further conyersation ensued between Messrs.
HARPER, BARNARD, HOUSTON, BIDLACK,
R D. POTTER, SCBENCK, WENTWORTH,
and COLLAMER.
Mr. HALE offered the following amendment:
That the proper officers of the government be
authorized and instructed, in all cases where there is
sufficient evidence to prove the loss of the land war-
rant or certificate, to issue a new one under such
provisions as may be necessary to protect the gov-
ernment from fraud.
The amendment was debated by Messrs. HALE,
VINTON, SCHENCK, McCLELLAND, and
BIDLACK.
The amendment was negatived, and the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the committee take
lip the bill to legalize the sales of certain lands made
at the Cliocchuma and Columbus land offices, in the
State of Mississippi, which was agreed to; also, the
report in relation thereto.
Mr. SAMPLE submitted an amendment in the
form of Mi additional section, which he advocated
and explained.
Mr. HOUSTON replied.-
Mr. BRENGLE advocated the amendment.
Mr. HALE moved, as an amendment to the
pending amsndment, the same which he had pro-
posed to the former bill.
Mr. HOUSTON explained his objections to the
proposition of the gentleman from New Hampshire.
.Mr. VINTON advocated the amendment.
The amendments were negatived; and
The bill was laid aside to be reported.
Mr. JAMESON moved that the committee take
up the bill to make appropriation for the pay of
horses lost in the Florida war by Missouri volun-
teers.
The motion was not agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported the bills
which they had acted upon to the House.
Mr. ASHE gave notice of his intention hereafter
to introduce a bill to establish a post road from Jack-
eon to Memphis, Tennessee.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 98, 1844.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back the House bill
for the relief of James Pepper and others, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
pass.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, relative to the use of gas in-
stead of oil for light-houses; and asked that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consideration:
committee discharged accordingly.
From the same committee, Mr. H. reported a bill
regulating the appointment of United States officers
in the revenue marine; which was read a first time,
and appropriately referred.
From the same committee, Mr. H. reported back
the House bill for the disposition of the maps and
charts of the coast survey; which was taken up,
considered, and passed.
From the same committee, Mr. H. reported a
joint resolution, authorizing the corporation of Bal-
timore to make use of the public buildings at Laza-
retto Point, for the reception of persons arriving by
sea in ill health, under quarantine regulations. This
resolution was subsequently taken up, considered,
and passed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Erie, Pennsylvania,
strongly protesting against the annexation of Texas
to the United States: laid on the table.
Also, a petition from a number of inhabitants of
Permsylvana, asking that the four companies of horse
arullery of the United States be restored to their
standard prior to 1842: referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, two memorials, one from Alice Pew,
widow of William Pew, a soldier of the rev-
plution, and the other from Sarah S«ftles,
also the widow of a revolutionary soldier; both
stating that, under the act of 1838, they were
entitled to pensions for five years; but since the ex-
piration of that act, thev have not received their
pensions. He apprehended that the .memorialists
were under some mistake in regard to their case;
but would move the reference of their memorials to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions: referred
accordingly. .
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, the Sen-
ate bill granting a pension to James Duffy; and rec-
ommended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, the House bill
for the relief of Hugh Wallace Wanly, with an
adverse report; which, on motion, was ordered to
be printed.
The bill supplementary to an act for the relief of
William Wynn was then taken up, read a third
time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the previous or-
ders were suspended, and the Senate bill, entitled
"A bill concerning naval pensions," was taken up
for consideration, as in committee of the whole, and
read as follows:
"Be it enacted, fyc., That the pensions for the period of
five years, which have been heretofore granted out of the
naval pension fund, to the widows of officers, seamen, and
marines, who have been killed, or died by reason of a
wound received in the line ol their duty, or who have died
in consequence of a casualty, by drowning or otherwise, or
of injury received while in the line of their duty, andwhicli
pensions have ceased from the expiration of the period for
which they were originally granted, or were subsequently
renewed, shall be continued for another period offive years,
to such of the said widows as have remained unmarried; to
commence from the day on which such pensions, respec-
tively terminated,and to be paid out of any^money in the trea-
sury not otherwise appropriated: Provided; That every
pension hereby renewed shall cease on the death or inter-
marriage of the widow to whom the same is hereby
granted."
Mr. WRIGHT asked if he was correct in his un-
derstanding that this was a bill to revive the pension
system, arrested by a law of Congress in conse-
quence of the exhaustion of the navy pension fund?
Mr. BAYARD said, not exactly. It was a bill
providing for the continuation for five years of the
pensions to widows of officers, seamen, and ma-
rines, for whose benefit the original navy pension
fund was expressly laid aside. Although, bythe
improvidence of Congress, that fund had been dissi-
pated, he regarded it, in effect, as still in existence.
He mentioned many cases of great hardship en-
dured by widows now in age and indigence, who
had heretofore placed reliance on their pensions for
their entire support; and in particular, referred to
the case of the relict of Captain Lawrence. These
he considered cases appealing irresistibly to the jus-
tice and sympathy of Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT assured the chairman of the Na-
val Committee that no member of the Senate could
be more alive to an appeal in favor of Mrs. Law-
rence than he was. He was not unaware of her sit-
uation; but great as were his sympathies in cases of
this kind, he was compelled to look to the fact that
these pensions were originally intended to extend to
five years; and then the claim, under the law, termi-
nated, as in cases of pensions in the army. Yet in
many instances, pensions had been continued to the
period of twenty or twenty-five years, which cer-
tainly never was intended when the navy pension
fund was set aside for the purposes designed.
Mr. BAYARD requested the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs would be read.
The report was aceordingly read.
Mr. CHOATE submitted an amendment, the ob-
ject of which was to include the widows of persons
who died of diseases contracted in the naval ser-
vice.
Mr. HENDERSON objected to both the amend-
ment and the bill, on the ground that this was alto-
gether a perversion of the navy pension fund. He
quoted largely from the act of Congress establishing
that fund, with a view of showing that its object
was to provide for pensions to invalids, or persons
wounded or disabled in the service, and not for
widows or children.
Mr. CHOATE admitted that there was much in
what the Senator said which was entitled to con-
sideration; but if the bill was to pass, it certainly
should be amended as he desired, for there could be
no equity or justice in providing for the widow of a
person in the naval service killed or drowned by
tumbling overboard; and denying the same provision
to the widow of a person in the same service
brought by his duty into a West India port, where
he contracted the yellow fever, in the discharge of
his duty, and died. ...
Mr. WOODBURY agreed that the same principle
governed both cases; but he was opposed to both
the amendment and the bill. These pensions, since
the expenditure of the navy pension fund, had been
at once thrown upon the treasury; and the question
now was, should this be done again. And _ when
this question came up another was to be considered,
whether there was any right in law for the renewal.
If it was merely a question of charity, or sym-
pathy, or national gratitude, it would be another
thing; and gentlemen would have to act according to
their dictates of duty in such considerations. These
pensioners had received all they were originally
promised; and since that, much more than widows
of officers quite as meritorious, who lost their lives
in the army.
Mr. CHOATE withdrew his amendment, and
proposed to amend the bill by striking out the words
"in consequence of" and inserting, "by reason of
disease contracted, or"—so that it would read "to
the widows of officers, seamen or marines, who
have been killed, or died by reason of a wound
received in the line of their duty, or who have died
by reason of disease contracted, or by drowning, or
otherwise," &c.
Mr. BAYARD did not hardly know how to op-
pose this amendment; it seemed so reasonable and
just in reference to cases such as had been supposed
by the senator from Massachusetts. Yet he feared
it would be an opening to a wide class of cases,
quite beyond the sphere to which it was intended
the bill should extend. The death of any person
in the service might be construed to be in conse-
quence of causes originating in his period of ser-
vice, or, if of old age, it might be said it was con-
tracted in the service.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
the proposed amendment; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
was adopted—yeas 19, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Dayton, Evans, Francis, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Johnson, Miller, Phelps, Porter, Tallmadge, Upliani, White,
and Woodbridge—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Beaton, Breese, Bucha-
nan, Clayton, Fairfield, Haywood, Henderson, Lewis, Niles,
Pearce, Sturgeon, Tappan, Woodbury, and Wright—16.
The bill, as amended, was then reported back to
the Senate, and the amendment was concurred in.
On the question of engrossment, Mr. BREESE
called for the yeas and nays, which were ordered;
and they resulted—yeas 20, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bate's, Bayard, Choate,
Dayton, Evans, Francis, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Johnson, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Tallmadge, Upham,
White, and Woodbridge—20.
Nays—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton. Breese, Clayton, Fairfield, Haywood, Henderson,
Lewis, Niles, Sturgeon, Tappan, Woodbury, and Wright
—16.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
The joint resolution relative to exchanges of small
lots of property at Harper's Ferry and Springfield
arsenals belonging to the United States, with indi-
viduals, for contiguous' property, for mutual conve-
vience, was then up, read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
bill "relating to certain collection districts and for
other purposes," reported by him from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, was taken up, considered, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. EVANS said it had been his intention to call
up the bill providing for the remission of duty on
railroad iron in certain cases; but he should not to
day make that motion. He would, however, send
to the table some amendments to the bill, which he
intended to propose with a view of rendering it more
acceptable to those he expected would oppose it;
and he would move that they be printed by to-mor-
row, so that they could be in the hands of senators
when he called up the bill.
Mr. .BUCHANAN said he was ready atany Urns'
to discuss that bill; but he should object to its being
taken up to-morrow, unless there was a full attend-
ance in the Senate. A bill that is to withdraw the
protection afforded 
Mr. EVANS interposed'by calling the senator to
order.
Mr. BUCHANAN called the senator himself to
order. He had nearly concluded what he was about
to say when interrupted. In fact, he had no more
to say at present than that he hoped this bill, which
was of great importance, as affecting not only the
f interest of his own State, but of many other sections
