CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
of the Union, would not be brought under discus-
sion while the Senate was so thinly attended as it
was at present.
Mr. EVANS said, although the bill might be
placed under discussion, he should not ask to take
any vote upon it till there was a full attendance of
senators.
Mr. BUCHANAN did not intend speaking for
Buncombe on the bill; it was his wish to address
senators; for he meant to show that this bill ought
not to pass.
The amendments were read, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, the Senate bill for
the relief ofthe heirs ofRobert Fulton, was taken up
for further consideration.
The CHAIR stated that if no amendment were
offered, the question would be on ordering- the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. "WOODBURY explained the reason why he
should not vote for this bill. He had been on a
committee where these claims were very fully exam-
ined last year. He took occasion to say that there
was not a person of purer mind, or one who more
thoroughly investigated all subjects, than the
chairman of that committee, [Mr. Graham,] then
a member of the Senate; and that chairman
was of opinion that this bill ought not to pass.
Having come to the same conclusion, he had
no reason to change it. He was opposed to the
bill; but, at the same time, he was free to say that if
the gentleman who reported it would put it in the
form of a gratuity for the inventions of Mr. Fulton,
which had conferred such benefits on the country,
he should vote for it most cheerfully; for he concur-
red entirely in the opinion that these inventions were
beyond all price.
Mr. PEARCE said that if the senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] would prepare such
an amendment as would suit his views, he should
have no objection to it. He did not think, himself,
that the executors of Mr. Fulton could insist upon
the whole of their demand strictly in the light of a
claim upon the government, as a right.
Mr. WOODBURY then sent an amendment to
the Chair—to insert after the last clause, the words,
"and for the great benefits confered upon the coun-
try, by his application of steam to purposes of nav-
igation."
The yeas and nays, on motion of Mr. BREESE,
were then taken on the amendment of Mr. Wood-
bury, and resulted—yeas 21, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bas*by, Bates, Choate, Dayton,
Evans, Francis, Huger. Jarnagin, Johnson, McDutlie,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Tearce, Porter, Sturgeon, Up-
ham, White, Woodhridge, and Woodbury—21
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bayard, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buchanan, Clayton, Fairfield, Haywood, Hen-
derson, Lewis, Niles, Tallmadge, Tappan, and Wright—16.
So the amendment was adopted.
On the question of engrossment, Mr. BREESE
called for the yeas and nays; which were ordered,
and resulted—yeas 23, nays 11, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Dayton,
Evans, Francis, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson,
McDuffie, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Porter, Stur-
geon, Tallmadge, Upham, White, Woodbridge, and Wood-
bury—03.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Breese, Clayton, Fair-
field, Haywood, Henderson, Lewis, Niles, Tappan, and
Wright—11.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
The general orders were then taken up, and the
first bill undisposed of on the calendar was the Sen-
ate bill "authorizing the opening of a canal around
the falls of St. Mary's, at the outlet of Lake Supe-
rior," reported by Mr. Porter, from the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals, which was taken up for
consideration as in committee of the whole.
Mr. WRIHGT inquired what committee had re-
ported the bill?
The CHAIR said, the committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. HAYWOOD asked whether it was usual to
employ the troops of the United States in the con-
struction of works of internal improvement under-
taken by the government.
Messrs. PORTER, WOODBRIDGE, CHOATE,
and other Senators, explained the practice hitherto
on this point; which it appears has been to allow
soldiers so employed additional pay of fifteen cents
per day each.
Mr. HAYWOOD strongly objected to this mode
of employing troops enlisted for military purposes.
This point, as well as the general merits of the
bill, underwent considerable discussion, in which
Messrs. PORTER, DAYTON, TAPPAN, and
JARNAGIN, participated.
Finally, that part of the bill authorizing the em-
ployment of "such portion of the troops of the Unit-
ed States as can be spared from other duties to be
employed on the work in" the opening and con-
structing of said canal," was stricken out; and the
bill was reported back to the Senate, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
On the question of engrossment, Mr. HAYWOOD
called for the yeas and nays; which were ordered,
and resulted, yeas 16, nays 12, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Benton, Choate, Evans, Francis,
Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum, Morehead, Porter, Sim-
mons, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Upham, White, and Wood-
bridge—17.
NAYS.—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Bagfcy, Clayton,
Dayton, Fairfield, Haywood, Huger, Huntington, Lewis,
Niles, and Wright—11.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
On motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after a short time spent thereon,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 28, 1844.
BANKS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL presented a memorial, sign-
ed by more than 1,000 petitioners, in favor of the
chartering of the banks of the District of Columbia;
and he gave notice that he should, to-morrow, call
up that subject if his friends should then have re-
turned from the national convention at Baltimore.
The memorial was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union having the
bank charter in charge.
Mr. PRATT gave notice that he should at-
tempt to amend the bill to recharter the District
banks, whenever it was taken up, so as to assimi-
late the banks here to the free banks in the State of
New York. He disclaimed all intention to retard
the bill for the rechartering of the District banks;
and avowed his purpose to be merely to perfect it.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back Senate bill for the relief
of Peter Von Schmidt, without amendment. It was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the same committee,
reported a bill to provide for the payment of certain
pensions heretofore paid out of the privateer fund.
It was read twice, and committed to the Committee
ofthe Whole House on the state of the Union.
On the motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the Com-
mittee of the Whole House was discharged from the
private bill No. 56, being an act to afford relief to cer-
tain contractors of the government; and it was refer-
red, together with the bill for an additional building
for the War and Navy Departments, and for other
purposes, to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
On the motion of Mr. HOUSTON, it was ordered
that the Committee of the Whole House be dis-
charged from the consideration of the bill to amend
"An act entitled an act to carry into effect in the
States of Alabama and Mississippi the existing com-
pacts with those States, with regard to the five per
cent, fund, and the school reservations; and that it be
committed to the Committee of the Whole House on .
the state of the Union.
Mr. St. JOHN, by leave, submitted a joint res-
olution to present a cannon to the borough of Lower
Sandusky; which was read a first and second time,
and committed to the Committeee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
Mr. RUSSELL, by leave, introduced a bill from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, for the relief of
Samuel Neele; which was read twice, and commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, without amendment, the Sen-
ate bill in relation to a port of entry and delivery at
Passamaquoddy, in, the State of Maine; which was
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ATKINSON presented the proceedings of a
meeting of his contituents in favor of the immediate
annexation of Texas; and it was laid on the table.
Mr. PHCENIX, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made adverse reports on some petitions for
additional drawbacks on the exportation of spirits
distilled from molasses.
Mr. DICKINSON moved that the House take up
the private bills 09 the Speaker's table, that the
House might dispose of such as would not give rise
to debate.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion could not
be entertained, as objections were made.
Mr. DICKINSON moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted thus:,
yeas 77, nays 48. So the motion did not prevail,
there being less than a majority of two-thirds.
The joint resolution explanatory of an act for the
relief of Mary Williams, widow of Jacob Wil-
liams, deceased, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. BIDLACK moved a suspension of the rules
in order to proceed to the consideration of a resolu-
tion heretofore offered by him, in relation to the
various kinds of coal used as fuel in generating
steam.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. SEYMOUR moved a suspension of the rules,
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays.
Not ordered.
Mr. WHITE called for tellers.
Tellers were appoinjed; and the affirmative votes
being counted, were 77; noes not counted.
The motion was carried; and the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. White in.
the chair.)
Mr. JAMESON moved to postpone the bill pend-
ing before the committee, (the widows' pension
bill,) and that the committee take up bill No. 19, for
repayment of losses incurred in the Florida war by*
the Missouri volunteers.
On this question the votes were taken by tellers,
who reported 30 in the affirmative, and 60 in the
negative.
On a second count, there were 32 ayes, and 74
noes—still no quorum.
The CHAIRMAN, being called upon to count
the members present, reported that there were 129,
being more than a quorum; and the count, by the
tellers, was then demanded, on the motion of Mr.
JAMESON; and it resulted in ayes 29, noes 81.
No quorum voting.
Mr. CAMPBELL, remarking that there was evi-
dently no disposition to transact any business,
moved that the committee rise; which motion pre-
vailed—yeas 67, nays 65.
The committee then rose, and its chairman re-
ported that the committee had had a certain bill un-
der consideration, and came to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. McKAY rose and said it was evident there
was an unwillingness on the part of the majority to
do any business, and he regretted that he had not,
on Saturday, voted for the motion to adjourn over.
He would now move that this House adjourn; and
he gave notice that to-morrow he should call up the
civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. DUNCAN. And I give notice that I shall
call up the Oregon bill. [Laughter.]
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. FISH: The petitions of James McGowen, and
Simon M. Hadman for pensions.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of citizens of Ypsi-
lanti. Michigan, for an appropriation of land to complete the
central railroad, &c , in that State.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Ruth Ransom, for a land,
warrant in lieu of a former one lost: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. BllODHEAD: The petition of citizens of Wayne
and Luzerne counties, in Pennsylvania, praying for the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Sterling post office, in
Wayne county viaHollistersville, to Providence in Luzerntt
county.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 29, 1844.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a resolution suspending the operation
of the joint resolution authorizing the printing of
certain copies of the journals of Congress, till after
the present session.
Mr. CHOATE, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill for the relief of American
citizens who were sufferers by French spoliations
prior to 1800.
Mr. BAGBY moved that an additional member be
appointed by' the chair, to the committee on engross-
ed bills: adopted.
On motion of Mr. TAPAAN, the resolution which
