APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, i844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
enue and protective tariff. Every member presented such
articles as he thought deserving of enumeration for encour-
agement by a particular duty; and his motion was resisted
and supported very much as similar motions are supported
and resisted in the tariff debates of our day. It would carry
me too far to read this part of the history of the law, but a
few passages, which might seem gathered from Niles's
Weekly Register of 1828, (so little is there new under the
sun, so immortal is truth, so immortal is error, so narrow is
the circle of identical, recurrent ideas in which these dis-
cussions go round and round,) a few passages will not be
irrelevant to my purpose.
Hear the debate about the proposed duty on steel:
"Mr. Lee moved to strike out this duty: observing that
the consumption of steel was very great, and esssentialiy
necessary to agricultural improvement. He did not believe
any gentleman would contend that enough of this article to
answer consumption could he fabricated in any part of the
Union: hence it would operate as an oppressive, through an
indirect tax upon agriculture; and any tax, whether direct
or indirect, upon this interest, at this juncturo, would be
unwise'?nd impolitic."
"Mr. Tucker joined the gentleman in his opinion, observ-
ing that it was impossible for some States to get it but by
importation from foreign countries. He conceived it more
deserving a bounty to increase the quantity than an impost
which would lessen the consumption and make it dearer
also."
"Mr. Clymer replied that the manufacture of steel in
America was rather in its infancy; but as all the materials
necessary to make it were the produce of almost every State
m the Union, and as the manufacture was already establish-
ed, and attended with considerable success, he deemed it
prudent to emancipate our country from the manacles in
which she was helajby foreign manufacturers. A furnace m
Philadelphia, with a very small aid from the legislature of
Pennsylvania, made three hundred tons in two years, and
now makes at the rate of two hundred and thirty tons an-
nually, and with a little further encouragement would sup-
ply enough for the consumption of the Union. He hoped,
therefore, gentlemen would be disposed, under these con-
siderations, to extend a degree of patronage to a manufac-
ture which a moment's reflection would convince them was
highly deserving protection."
"I\lr. Madison thought the object of selecting this article
to be solely the encouragement ofthe manufacture, and not
revenue; for, on any other consideration, it would be more
proper, as observed by the gentleman from Carolina, [Mr.
Tucker,] to give a bounty on the importation. It wag so
materially connected with the improvement of agriculture
and other manufactures,that he questioned its propriety even
on that SGore. A duty would tend to depress many mechanic
arts in proportion that it protected this- he thought it best
to reserve this article to the non-enumerated ones, where it
would be subject to a 5 per cent, ad valorem "
"Mr. Fitzsimons. Some States were, from local circum-
stances, better situated to carry on the manufacture than
others, and would derive some little advantage on this ac-
count in the commencement ofthe business. Eut, laying
aside local distinctions, what operates to the benefit of one
part, in establishing useful institutions, will eventually ope-
rate to the advantage of the whole.
"Suppose live shillings per hundred weight was imposed:
it might be, as stated, a partial duty; but would not the evil
be soon overbalanced by the establishment of such em im-
portant manufacture?—a great and principal mani'factuie
for every agricultural country, but particularly useful in
the United States."
On beer, ale, and porter:
"Mr. Fitzsimons meant to make an alteration in this arti-
cle, by distinguishing beer, ale, and porter, imported in
casks, from what was imported in bottles. He thought this
manufacture one highly deserving of encouragement. If the
morals ofthp people were to be improved by what entrr"d
into their diet, it would be prudent in the national le^i1- la-
ture to encourage the manufacture of malt liquors. The
small protecting duties laid in Pennsylvania had a great ef-
fect towards the establishment ofbreweries; they no longer
imported this article, but, on the contrary, exported consid-
erable nuaatitiei., and, in two or three years, with the foster-
ing aid of government, would be able to furnish enough
for the whole consumption of the United States. He mo^'ed
nine cents per gallon."
"Mr. Lawrence seconded the motion. He would have this
duty so high as to give a decided preference to American
beer; it would tend also to encourage agriculture, because
the malt and hops consumed in the manufacture were the
produce of our own grounds."
"Mr Sinnickson declared himself a friend to this manufac-
ture, and thought if the duty was laid high enough to effect
a prohibition, the manufacture would increase, and of con-
sequence, the price be lessened. He considered it of impor-
tance, inasmuch as the materials wpre produced in the coun-
try, and tended to advance the agricultural interest."
"Mr. Madison moved to lay an impost of eight cents on
all beer imported. He did not think this sum would gi\ c a
monopoly, but hoped it would be such an encouragement as
to induce the manufacture to take deep root in every State
in the Union; in this case, it would produce the collateral
good hinted at by the gentleman from New Jersey, which,
"in hi  opinion, was an object well worthy of being attended
to."
On candles:
"Mr. Fitzsimons moved to lay a duty of two cents on all
candles of tallow, per pound.1'
Mr Tuckcr observed, th.it some States were under the
necessity of importing considerable quantities of this arti-
cle also,'while others had enough, and more than enough,
j'or their own consumption; theiefore the burden would bo
partially borne by such States."
"Mr. Fit/.simon^. The manufacture of candles is an im-
portant manufacture, and far advanced towards perfection,
i a ve no doubt but, in a few years, we shall be able to fnr-
^uii.cicnt to supply the consumption for every part of
tae continent. In Pennsylvania we have a duty of two
pence per pound; and under the operation of this small en-
couragement the manufacture has gained J
strength. "We no longer import candles from Ireland or
England, of whom, a lew years ago, we took considerable
quantities; the necessity of continuing those encourage-
ments which the Steto legislatures have deemed proper, ex-
ist in a considerable degree; theiefoie it will be politic in
the government of the United States to continue such duties
till their object Is accomplished."
"Mr. Boudiuot apprehended that most States imported
considerable qufnVzies of this article from Russia and Ire-
land; he expected they would be made cheaper than they
could be imported, if a small encouragement was held out
by the government, as the materials were to be had in abun-
dance in our country."
"Mr. Lawrence thought that, if candles were an object ol
considerable importation, they ought to be taxed for the
sake of obtaining revenue; and, if they were not imported
in considerable quantities, the burden upon the consumer
would be small, while it tended to cherish a valuable manu-
facture."
On coal:
"Mr. Bland, of Virginia, informed the committee that there
were mines opened in Virginia capable of supplying the
whole of the United States; and, if some restraint was laid
on the importation of foreign coal, those mines might be
worked to advantage. He thought it needless to insist upon
the advantages resulting from a colliery, as a supply for
culinary and mechanical purposes, and as a nursery to train
up seamen for a navy. He moved three cents a bushel.""
On hemp:
"Mr. Moore declared the southern States were well cal-
culated for the cultivation of hemp, and, from certain cir-
cumstances, well inclined thereto. He conceived it the du-
ty of the committee to pay as much respect to the encour-
agement and protection of' husbandry (the most important
of all interests m the United States) as they did to manufac-
tures."
"Mr. Scott stated a fact pr two; being, perhaps, as well ac-
quainted with the western country as any member of the
committee. The lands along the frontiers, he could assure
the committee, were well calculated for the cultivation of
this plant; it is u production that will bear carnage by
land natter than any other, tobacco not excepted, lie be-
lieved an encouragement of the kmd now moved for would
bring, in a ) ear or two, vast quantities from that country, at
little expense, to Philadelphia, even from tho waters of the
Ohio; the inhabitants expect some encouragement, and will
h" grateful forii."
"Mr "White. If the legislature take no notice of this arti-
cle, the people will be led to believe it is not an object
worthy of encouragement, and the spirit of cultivation will
be damped; whereas, if a s nail duty only was laid, it might
point out to them that it was deshable, and would induce an
increase of the quantity
"Mr. Moore. By the encouragement given to manufac-
tures you laise them in price, while a competition is de-
stroyed, v, hich tended to the ad\ antage of agriculture. He
thought the manufacturing interest ought not to stand in the
v ay of the ©ther; but, as the committee had agreed to give
it encouragement, he hoped the other would receive its
share of legislative support."'
'•Mr Burke thought it proper to suggest to the committee
what might be th<- probable effect of the proposed measure
in the State he represented, (South Carolina,) and the ad-
joining one, (Georgia ) The staple product* of that part of
the Union were hardly woith cultivation, on account of
their fall in price; the planters are therefore disposedto pur-
sue some other. The lands are certainly well adapted to
the growth of hemp, and he had no doubt but its culture
would be practised with attention. Cotton is likewise in
contemplation among them; and, if good seed could be pro-
cmed, he hoped it might succeed. But the low, strong, rice
laiids would produce hemp in abundance—many thousand
tons even this year, if it was not -so late in the season. He
liked the idea of laying a low duty now, and encouraging
it against the time when a supply might be had from our
own cultivation ''
On glass-
"Mr. Carroll moved to insert -window and other glass A
manufacture of this article was begun in Maryland, and at-
tended with considerable success, if the lcgislatuie were to
grant a small encouragement, it would be permanently es-
tablished, the materials were to be found in the conntiy m
sufficient quantities to answer the most extensive demands."
On paper:
"Mr. Clymer informed the llouse that the manufacture of
paper was an important one; and, having grown up under
legislative encouragement, it w ill be wise to continue it "
On wool cards:
"Mr. Ames introduced wool cards, with observing that
they were manufactured to the eastward as good and as
che'ap as the imported ones "
"Mr. Clymer mentioned that, in the State of Pennsylva-
nia, the manufacture was carried to great perfection, and
enough could be furnished to supply the demand A duty
of fifty cents per do/.en was imposed on wool cards."
Prohibitory duties were moved, without a word of doubt
from any quarter of the constitutional power; and, in some
cases, the economical expediency of imposing them. Thus:
"Mr. Bland, of Viiginia, thought that very little revenue
was likely to be collected on the article of beef, let the duty
be more or less; and, as it was to bo had m sufficient quanti-
ties within the United States, perhaps a tax amounting to a
piohibition tv ould be proper '
It was rejected as totally unnecessary, "nothing being to
be apprehended from rivalship."
On manufactured* tobacco:
"Mr. Sherman moved six cents, as he thought the duty
ought to amount to a prohibition. 1 his v. as agreed to M
I ha\e detained the Senate longer than I could have
wished upon these proofs and illustrations of the constitu-
tional and economical doctrines which compose the Inund-
ation of our ' old system ' of impost duties. They estab-
lish conclusively, if i rightly apprehend them, that in e\ ery
just sense of the language, m principle, aims, and forms,
the "model law" was a protective tariff. It was as much so
as the law of 1824. It assumed and asserted exactly the
same theory of power, of right, of duty, of expediency. It
sought to bring such a sum of money into the treasury as
the wants of administration exacted; but it sought to effect
this by such arrangements of detail, by such discrimina-
tions of high and low duties, by prohibition here, by total
exemption there, as should secure to the vast and various
labor of America, on the land, in the shop, on the sea, a
clear and adequate advantage over the labor of the alien
nations of the world. The proofs that these opinions and
these intentions presided over and controlled the whole
law, and every part of it, are everywhere—in its preamble,
in its provisions, in its history, origin, growth; successive
changes, and final form. Sir, the very day of its passage,
July 4th, 1789, seems to mark the energetic "Americanism"
of its nature!
But it has been a hundred times repeated in the debate,
that the duties laid by this law are moderate duties Much
arithmetical pains has been wasted in calculating their
average per cent I say wasted; for, in the first place, we
cannot reduce the numerous specific duties, in which it
abounds, to their equivalent ad valorems, because we do
not know the prices of 17S9; in the next place, an average,
ever so exactly calculated, conveys no idea of the degree
of protection secured by a highly discriminating tariff, and,
finally, however moderate may be the duties of this law, it
is not the less in principle, in intent, in its constitutional
and economical doctrines, and in its effect, a protective
tariff. "What is such a tariff? What makes it such?
Where, and how, do you draw the line between it and
a revenue tariff* Of two tariffs, each yielding about the
same supplj to the treasury, by what standard, by what
tests, do } ou pronounce that one is a measure of finance,
the other" a measure of protection? Sir, although these
two tlrngs rim very much into each other, although they
have a good deal in common, and all definitions are inade-
quate and are hazardous, yet are they essentially distinct,
and I will venture to submit, that, by universal consent, a
tariff which looks to the protection of domestic labor
against foreign labor, as one important, substantial, influen-
eive object and purpose, either jointly with, or in exclu-
sion of, the object and purpose of revenue; a tariff which,
in numerous instances, selects a certain form and a certain
rate of duties, rather than another and lower, upon the
avowed that the form and rate chosen are better for protec-
tion than the form and rate rejected, though no better and not
as good for revenue; which Ir.ys some duties of prohibi-
tion, and asserts the powerto lay others; which lays many
duties which, in and by themselves, aie expected and de-
signed to check particular kinds of importations, in order
to give the domestic producer an advantage in the market
o\er the foreign producer, and thus to diminish the rev-
enue to be dr<iwn from those particular and numerous
sources, and which does all this, to a greater degree than
an equally or more effective re\enue tariff would do it,
in consideration and contemplation of prospective ultimate
advantages to result from the establishment of certain
domestic employments;—a tariff which does all this,
upon these reasons, is a protecting tariff, or there is no
such thing in any legislative code in the world. 1 do
not care whe.ther the duties are high or low; how they
average, or what are the extremes. Such a tariff asserts
the constitutional power, the social and political right, and
the cconominal expediency of so regulating foreign com-
merce, of so gathering in revenue, as to bring to life, and to
keep alive, the whole or particular forms of domestic la-
bor, as distinct ftOm foreign labor; and it asserts it practi-
cally. This covers the whole ground. Such a tariff, ex-
actly, is this of 1780. Such a tariff totally rejects the doc-
trine which has been maintained in the debate, that of sev-
eral duties on the same subject, each yielding the same
amount of revenue, the lowest is to be preferred. It adopts
and exemplifies the directly opposite doctrine, that, even
where the highest w ill yield less revenue, it may wisely,
justly, constitutionally be preferred, because it will pro-
duce a compensation of other good in another v. ay. It re-
jects the doctrine asserted in this debate, that under our
system protection is merely an accidental incidentto rev-
enue, to be endured, not favored; it declares, on the con-
trary, that the two purposes of revenue and protection
may be harmoniously blended; may be regarded as of equal
importance, that one may predominate m this duty, and
another m that, that it is a legitimate and a noble enterprise
of statesmanship, to transform the very evil and burden of
taxation into a means of individual comfort and enjoyment
and national greatness and glory. It teaches the lawgner
that instead of bewildering himselt, and wasting his pre-
cious time in trying to find the revenue maximum of duty—
more hopeless and more useless than the search after the
ouodrature of the circle or the perpetual motion—he should
just, sinceiely, honestlj, and constantly propose this prob-
lem to himself: how can 1 procure that amount of rev-
pniia which an economical administration of government
demands, in s>uch manner as most impartially and most com-
pletely to develop and foster th<e uiuvexsal industrial ca-
pacities of the country, of whose vast anaterial interests I am
honored with the chargc?
Whether its duties are high or low, then, this a protect-
ing tariff But who knows whether that portion of them
which is specific is high or low ? We have no prices cur-
rent, ana no other proof of the prices of that day, and
without such proof how can you reduce these duties to
their equivalent ad valorem? I read a passage from one of
the speeches of Mr. Bland, of Virginia, during the debate,
from which it would seem that some of the rates would be
called high even now:
"The enumerated articles in this bill are very numerous;
they are taxed from 50 per cent, downwards; the general
mass pa^ s 5 per cent."
Wc are told in this discxission that 30 per cent and 3'Ji
per cent, are the maximum of revenue duty. Here were
60 per cent duties, and m the ppecific form, and theiefore
certain of eylle% Uou, while the ad valorem forms, on for-
eign values, aie as ceitain to be eva^od and defrauded.
But, Mr President, there is another answer to the sugges-
tion that these duties were moderate. Sir, in the actual
circumstances of the time, they were entirely sufficient £9$
