CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
e#i
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved a suspension of
the rules; to enable him to introduce his resolution;
which was agreed to—the vote, taken by Messrs.
Ghinnell and Coles—being 105 in the affirmative,
and 10 in the negative.
Mr. B. then introduced a joint resolution, direct-
ing the Secretary of "War to transfer pension agen-
cies to Ohio, instead of the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, who was directed by the late act to execute its
provisions; and it was read three times and passed,
being first changed to the form of a bill, on'the sug-
gestion of Mr WINTHROP.
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, introduced a bill to authorize the President
of the United States to hold a treaty with the Ot-
tawas, Chippewas, and Pottawatamie Indians; and
it was read twice, and committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
On the motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the motion
which had been postponed to this day, to print the
report, &c. of the Committee of Elections in the
case of Botts versus Jones, was further postponed to
Friday next.
Several ineffectual motions were made to take up
particular bills.
PENSION BILL.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Weller
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
pension bill. The pending amendment was that
offered by Mr. G. Davis, to extend the provisions of
the bill to the soldiers in our Indian wars, to which
Mr. R. Smith submitted an amendment, to amend
the amendment offered by Mr. G. Davis so as to
apply the benefits of the act to all those who fought
in the Indian tvars, prior to the declaration of war
against Great Britain in 1812. He advocated the
amendment as an act of justice to a large and mer-
itorious class of our citizens, who bravely defended
the western frontier against a savage foe.
Mr. BOWLIN, who was entitled to the floor,
proceeded to reply to the speech of Mr. G. Dafis
of a previous day.
To suppose that this amendment was offered in
order to effect the destruction of the bill, as had been
insinuated, was to suppose that it was unworthy of
the consideration of the House. The claim set up
on behalf of those pioneer frontier soldiers was as
worthy and as meritorious as that of any soldier of
the revolution. Their numbers were few, for they
had been nearly exterminated in the dangerous and
sanguinary conflicts to which they were exposed.
There was no class of individuals in the country who
were better entitled to claim the benefit of a pension
law than those western warriors who put you m
possession of that fine and fertile region.
Mr. R. SMITH briefly addressed the committee,
advocating the amendment which he had offered.
He was not in favor of any thing like partial legisla-
tion, and he could assure the committee that the
class of persons embraced in the amendment which
he had offered, were as meritorious as any that were
embraced in the original bill, or in the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky. All that he asked
was, that strict justice should be done to all.
Mr. SIMONS was opposed to the amendment;
indeed, he was not in favor of amending the bill at
all; he thought every step that was taken placed
the House in a more awkward and embarrassing posi-
tion; if they were to go on and admit every descrip-
tion of persons on whose behalf application was
made, they'would exhaust the treasury of the nation
without satisfying the half of them.
The debate was continued by Messrs. FICKLIN,
RATHBUN, DEAN, BOWER, and STEWART.
Mr. STEWART, diverging from the question be-
fore the committee, was proceding to discuss the
subject of the tariff, when he was called to order by
Mr. Seymour ofNew York, for irrelevancy.
The CHAIRMAN being called upon for his de-
cision, said he felt compelled to decide that the gen-
tleman was out of order; his remarks being entirely
foreign to the subject before the committee.
From this decision, Mr. Stewart appealed, and
the motion being put, tellers were demanded and
appointed.
Mr. STEWART, however, observing that as a
division would be likely to show that a quorum was
not present, and consequently would have the effect
of stopping the transaction of business, withdrew
the appeal.
Mr. PARMENTER made some remarks in op-
position to the amendment.
Mr. STEWART again obtained the floor, and
was addressing the Hpuse in continuation of his re-
marks, when he was called to order for irrelevancy.
Some irregular conversation ensued, in the
course of which, it was found that there was not a
quorum present, and the committee rose and reported
that fact to the House.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporter by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. BURT: The petition of sundry citizens of South
Carolina, praying a change of the mail-stage route from
Augusta, Georgia, to Greenville court-house, South Caro-
lina, so that it shall run from Allville court-house, l>y Duo
West Corner and Craytonville, to Anderson court-hou3e.
By Mr. HAMLIN: The petition of Paul Dudley, for a pen-
sion, and accompanying evidence: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 30, 1844.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Townsend, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the treaty- for the annexation of Texas to
the United States: laid on the table.
Mr. NILES presented a memorial from citizens o
Middleton, Connecticut, in favor of the ratification
of the treaty for the annexation of Texas to the
United States: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. ARCHER presented two memorials from the
county of Hardy, Virginia, remonstrating against
any disturbance of the present tariff. Although the
subject had been set at rest, he continued to present
such memorials as were addressed to him, conceiv-
ing it important to show the growing favor with
which that excellent measure, the act of 1842, was
now regarded throughout the country: referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back the petition of John Judges,
with an adverse raport: report ordered to be printed.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition, numer-
ously signed, and very well Written, from German
adopted citizens of New York, in favor of the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: laid on the
table.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from mer-
chants and citizens of New Orleans, praying for the
remission of the duties on cotton imported from
Texas: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported back the resolution prohibiting
the sale of spirituous liquors within the Capitol or
public grounds, and recommended its passage.
It was subsequently taken up, and passed.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolution
of inquiry, which, at his request, was considered
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of so amending the act of
30th August, 1S4V2, as to admit guano free of duty.
The engrossed bill for the relief of William De
Buys, late postmaster at New Orleans, was read a
third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the previous orders
were postponed, and the bill for the relief of James
Duffy was taken up, considered, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. BATES, the previous orders
were postponed, and the Senate bill 137, for the con-
tinuation of pensions to certain widows, was taken
up, considered, amended, and ordered to be engross-
ed, and read a third time. It appropriates $400,000
for continuing pensions to the widows of officers
and soldiers of the revolution.
Mr. BATES explained that, under the last act of
renewal, the number widows on the pension list was
5,775, averaging $70 pension each, and receiving, in
the aggregate, §372,380; but anticipating some addi-
tions for the widows of those officers and soldiers
not married till after the revolutionary war, he had
inserted $400,000 as the sum to be appropriated by
this bill.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr. Mil-
ler was next taken iip; and,
On motion by Messrs. PORTER and HEN-
DERSON, with Mr. Miller's assent, amended
so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to report to the Senate the amount of duties on railroad
iron, which would be remitted or refunded in case the du-
ties should be remitted or refunded on all railroad iron
which has been imported since the i4th of July, 183^, and
laid down within three years after its importation; stating
the amount which would he remitted or refunded to each
State or railroad company respectively, distinguishing be-
tween them: also, the whole amount of bonds outstanding
and unsatisfied, judgments obtained thereon, given for the
payment of duties under the severed acts authorizing draw-
hacks on railroad iron.
The resolution was adopted.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the previ-
ous orders were postponed, and the joint resolution
concerning the copper rock of Lake Superior, was
taken up, considered, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It authorizes the restoration of
the rock to the person who found it; or the purchase
of it from him by the executive department, for a
sum not exceeding the cost of obtaining it and
bringing it to this city.
Mr. WOODBiUDGE explained that this was the
largest mass of pure copper, in its native state, he
believed, in the known world; and that it had been
discovered and obtained by the claimant in the In-
dian country, near Lake Superior, previous to the
extinction of the Indian title to their lands there. A
question had arisen whether it belonged to the soil
at the time of the Indian treaty with the United
States; but there could be little doubt that it had
been raised and placed above the soil, on stilts, for
removal, before the treaty, and, consequently, that
the equitable title had been acquired by the claim-
ant for a valuable consideration, while he was a li-
censed trader with the Indians. It was upon this
view that the committee had acted; and considering
that it was desirable the government should possess
such a great natural curiosity, provision was made
for its purchase at a cost not exceeding that incurred
in bringing it to the seat of government.
The Senate joint resolution, providing for the re-
turn of additional items in the commercial statistics,
was, as the first business in order on the general cal-
endar, taken up and read; but the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Barrow,] who had
reported it, not being in his place, pending a motion
made by Mr. Huntington to lay the resolution on
the table for the present,
The special order was announced; and the reso-
lutions of the Finance Committee to postpone indef-
initely the bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie for the
restoration of the present tariff to the standard of
the compromise act, were taken up, Mr. McDuffie
being entitled to the floor in conclusion of the de-
bate, and in reply to the opponents of his bill.
Mr. McDUFFIE addressed the Senate for nearly
two hours, chiefly in reply to the speeches made on
the subject by the two senators from Massachusetts,
[Messrs. Choate and Bates,] and, incidentally, in
animadversion on the principle laid down by the
senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] that every pro-
tective tariff act, since the foundation of the system,
had benefited the country. Mr. McD. examined
and exposed the fallacious and delusive histories of
the protective system relied upon by the senators
from Massachusetts, as the foundation of their ar-
guments, and showed that the average duty, con-
sidered ample for protection previous to 1816, was
but 71 per cent., and that it was only in
conseque-ace of the expenses of the war with Great
Britain, and the necessity of paying off the debt in-
curred during that war, that, by the act of 1816, the
average was raised to SO per cent. He justified the
conduct of South Carolina with regard to the act of
1816; and contrasted it with the selfish policy by
which Massachusetts then, as now, was actuated,
though taking a position diametrically opposite tQ
that now assumed.
Being in delicate health, and much fatigued after
speaking two hours, Mr. McD. requested and oh.
tained the indulgence of the Senate to allow him to
postpose the conclusion of his remarks till to-
morrow.
The Senate then, on motion of Mr. EVANS,
went into executive session; and after some time
spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 30, 1844.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL, pursuant to an intimation
given yesterday, moved that the rules be suspended
that the House might resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with the
view, as was understood, of taking up the bill to re-
charter the banks of the District of Columbia.
Mr. C. JOHNSON reminded the House that 4
o'clock, this day, had been fixed to stop debate in
Committee of the Whole on the Louisiana land
claim bill; and he hoped, therefore, that that busi-
ness would be taken up.
