April, 1844,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
germs of a culture growing up to everlasting life, the "pub-
lic and private sense of a man;"' the dream, the hope of so-
cial reform, and abetter, but not revolutionary liberty?
"Whose but Elliot's, the worker in iron, the "artisan poet of
the poor?'''
The real truth is, sir, that manufacturing and mechanical,
and commercial industry, is "the prolific source of, demo-
cratic feeling" Of the two great elements, which
must be combined in all greatness of national char-
acter and national destiny, permanence, and progres-
sion, these employments stimulate the latter; agricul-
ture contributes to the former. They are one of those
acting and counteracting, opposing yet not discordant -
rowers, from which recipiocal struggle is'drawn out the
harmony of the universe Agriculture is the other. The
country is the home of rest; the -town is the theatre of
change. Senators are very fond of reminding us that the
census shows so large a preponderance of numbers At work
on the land. Then, sir, over and above all the good you do
them, by calling oil'some who would crowd that employ-
ment into other .business, and providing a better market for
those who remain in it, why should you be afraid, on a lar-
ger and deeper reason, to temper and attend this by other
occupation? You have pro;vided well for permanence. Be
not afraid of the agents of intelligent progress. It is the
union of social labors which causes the wealth, develops
the mind, prolongs the career, and elevates and adorns the
history of nations.
But, Mr. President, there was another consideration, which
might well have weight to induce the statesmen of 1816 and
1824 to protect the manufacturing and mechanical arts of
their country. It was not merely thart they were useful, but
that they were a thing actually existing, not requiring to be
made out of the whole cloth, if I may borrow a figure from
the subject, but only requiring to be saved, preserved, shel-
tered. ,It is one thing to force these arts by main strength,
by a violent policy, right out of the ground, out ofthe mine,
out of the waterfall; and quite another, after they have so
started, after capital has taken that direction, after the evil is
done and the good is beginning, after skill is acquired, ma-
chinery accumulated, investments made, habits formed 
after all this, not to let them die. The first may be unw ise;
the other cannot be. The statesman of 1816 and 18-24 were
not required to choose between the theory of Adam Smith,
and the practice of England. They were not required to
choose between Scotch and French philosophy, and that im-
memorial, stead), daiing, jmd perhaps happy disregard of
such philosophy, which has domesticated and naturalized
the whole circle of civilized arts on that narrow and stormy
isle; which has raised on it the throne of tire sea; which
has given it the wealth that (poured out on the banks
of the Neva, of the Danube, and of the Tag us) may
have disappointed the dream of a universal French
monarchy. They had no such choice to make. Not
at all. There were the arts in existence—non sine diis
animosi infantes', before" them It no more followed, be-
cause they might not have forced them into being,
1 that they were to let th em perish, than it follows, because
yon advisp a young friend not to marry till he is older,
that you mean, if he disregards your conuself. to have
feim kill his infant child. In such a case, new and precious
elements mingle in the deliberation. The existence of in-
terests, spontaneously, undesignedly arisen, may turn the
scale. And so Mr. Calhoun, in the speech from which I have
once read, reasoned. He said:
"Besides, we have already surmounted the greatest diffi-
culty that has ever been found in undertakings of tins kind.
The cotton and woollen manufactures are not to be intro-
duced; they are already introduced to a great extent; free
ing us entirely from the hazards, and, in a great measure,
the sacrifices experienced in giving the capital of the coun-
try a new direction. The restrictive measures and the war,
though not intended for that purpose, have, by the necessa-
ry operation of things, turned a large amount of capital to
this new branch of industry."
"A good patriot and true politician,"says Burke, "always
considers how he shall make the most of the existing mate-
rials of his country." Sir, we are forccd to hear it some-
times said, in these tariff discussions, that the precepts of
philosophy, the dictates of common sense, and the teach-
ings of experience, appear to come in conflict. I do not
know how it is; but this I will say, that if, in all that politi-
cal economy has reasoned or dogmati7ed, or dreamed, in any
one page of any one book on the subject, of high authority,
or of little authority, there can be found one solitary sen-
tence which asserts, that, m the actual circumstances ofthis
country in 1816, 1824 and 1S43—after manufacturing in-
dustry had advanced to the state in which it then existed,
. after so much capital was invested, and skill learn-
ed—that it was, at these periods, wise and expedient to heve
given to that industry less than an adequate protection, and
to have suffered it to die, or asserts any principle which
fairly appliesto and governs such a cas>e, then 1 will con-
fess that the dictates of common sense and the revelations
of experience are a "far better guide than such madness and
foolishness of science. I have heard r o such proposition
read, now or formerly.
In this attempt, Mr. Pre&ident, to show that the statesmen
of 1816 and 1824, the framers of the "second system," acted
not under the influence of"millionary capitalists," not in
the spirit of "ambitious politicians,'" for "sectional enrich-
ment and political advancement," nut upon grounds and
considerations worthy of them, and which should even rec-
ommend the system itself, I must not forget one influence
which I doubfc not had its effect. Sir, between the year
1807 and the year 1816, the national character, or at least the
national spirit, tone, temper, underwent a great change.
A more intense nationality was developed Everybody
felt taller, stronger, more wholly Americrn. prouder of
America than he did in 1807. Everybody lelt that we had
passed through one epoch and .stage o"f our history, and
were come to another. We felt that we were emerging
from the class of small States to the class of large States
We had just gone through a war with honor; we had con-
tended not ingloriouslj with the first power in the world;
we had recovered oui long lost self-respect. The long
wrongs of England for a quarter of a century hadbeen
avenged. Our flag floated again, all unstained as on the
slay when, freedom
"Tore the azure robe of night,
And set the stars of glory there."
Yes, sir, everybody felt that that age—never to be remetri*
Uered without a tear for America: the age of gun-boats and
torpedoes; of proclamations and philanthropy, falsely so
called; .when we were knocked kown one day by a Berlin
or Milan decree, and the next by an order in council; when
we retired from all the seas, and hid ourselves under embar-
goes and acts of non-intercourse,—everybody felt that that
age was gone forever. The baptism of blood and fire was
on our brow, and its influence was on our Spirit and our le-
gislation. Sir, I believe it Was under the influence of this
change of national feeling that the public men of 18lfi—
scarcely conscious of it, perhaps—turned, with the instinct
of a true and happy civil discretion, to a policy which was
appropriate to the altered temper, the prouder spirit, the
more national sentiments, the new age, of their country.
They turned to find, in her various climate, diversified soil,
exhaustless mines, ample water power, in her frugality and
industry, the materials of that self-derived and durable
greatness to which they now felt that she was destined.
They turned to make her independent in reality, as in
name. Foul shame they deemed it that the American sol-
dier, at least, -should not sleep under an American blanket;
that the very halyards by which we send up the stars and
stripes in the hour of naval battle should be made in a Rus-
sian ropewalk; that an American frigate should ride at an-
chor by a British chain cable!
These, Mr. President, I believe, I hope,—these, and such
as these, and not the influence of avarice or of personal am-
bition, were among the sentiments and convictions which
produced and which justify our legislation of 1816 and
1824. Wise statesmen—true patriots—admonished by the
bitter experience of the war, kindling with the sentiments
and carrying out the policy of a new era of our history, not
millionary capitalists or trading politicians, were its authors.
I claim for it as noble an origin as for the elder system.
With what degree of truth and justice I have done so, it is
for you to judge.
The tariffs, then, of 1816 and 1S24, were framed on the
same inteipietation of the constitution, and the same doc-
trines of political economy, as was the tariffof 1789 you
need not ascend from the later to the earlier, to find a bet-
ter spirit, worthier objects, or sounder policy The states-
men of 1824 did just what the statesmen of 1769 would have
done in the same age, b\ the same lights, on the same facts.
Why, then, I shall be asked, were the duties of 1824 so
much higher than those of 1739? Sir, I pause to-answer the
question, because, in doing so, t make an argument, valcat
tantum, for the duties of 1S42. They were so much higher,
because the duties of 1789, sufficient for revenue and pro-
tection then, were totally insufficient for either in the al-
tered circumstances of 1824, and would be totally insufficient
for either now.
Consider, in the first place, that the manufacturing and
mechanical arts and industry of the country, as they e.sisted
and were to be provided for in 1816, had not grown up to the
state in which Congress found them, under the influence of
the protecting duties of 1780. They \\ ere, on the contrary,
the stimulated and joint product of certain artificial and tem-
porary causes of great energy, to wit: the commercial em-
barrassments which preceded the war, and the war itself.
Upon this subject I think I have remarked two erroneous
^iews: one attributes too much influence to the war, and
supposes that manufacturing employments had not made
much progress before the war; the other correctly appre-
ciates their very prosperous condition as early as 1810, but
ascribes it to inadequate causes—to spontaneous growth—
to the natural progress and developments of things, or to
the gentle influence of the moderate protection of the le-
gislation of 1789. Both are erroneous That, in 1810, man-
ufacturing industry had been very far advanced, is certain.
It was then that Mr. Gallatin, while Secretary of the Treas-
ury, surveyed and analyzed it, and arrived at the conclu-
sion that its annual product exceeded one hundred and
twenty millions of dollars. He says:
•'From this imperfect sketch of American manufactures,
it may, with cartainty, be inferred that their annual product
exceeds one hundred and twenty millions of dollars. And
it is not improbable that the raw materials used, and the
provisions and other articles consumed by the manufac-
turers, create a home market for agricultural products not
very inferior to that which arises from foreign demand—a
result more favorable than might have been expected trom
a view of the natural causes which impede the introduction
and retard the progress of manufactures in the United
States."—Mr. Gallatin's report of <.1pril 17, 1810.
But what had caused this? Certainly not the duties of
1789, certainly not those duties co-operating with the natu-
ral and spontaneous course and progression and changes of
national industry. I do not know that the honorable sena-
tor from Missouri intended to express the opinion that these
were the cause of the manufacturing pio perity of 1810.
But, in the effort to show (what is c< ininl) true) that the
war did not produce it. he, unintentionally, doubtless,
leaves the implication that it was a purely spontaneous
growth under the duties of the "old system." Thus
he says: "I must again advert to the date. The mod-
ern champions of manufactures. sa\ it u <ts the \\ ar which
gave birth to manufactures; and" that we must have
high duties now, to protect what the war created. But the
work of Mr Coxe shows this to be a grand mistake; that
this great interest had taken deep and wide root before the
war, and was going on well even before the year 1810.""
This is certainly tiue, but the honorable senator omits to
advert to those other caus.es> which before the war had ex-
erted an influence similar and oimos,t equal to war itself.
Sir, the exact historical factk this. Down to the j ear ISO?,
the progress of American manufactures was very slow.
Ourcapital was richly rewarded upon the sea, and upon the
sea it remained In 1807, two new and most powerfuily
stimulating influences supervened, by which a sudden,
new, and vast impulse was communicated to these emplov-
ments, and which really produced that splendid result-
which, in 1810. attracted the notice fmdjustifted the admira-
tion of Mr Gcllatin. These causes were, first, the viola,
tion of our rights of neutiality by the great belligeients
F.ngland and France; and, second, our own commercial re-
strictions. These causes had the double operation of driv-
ing our capital from the se&, to seek other ipyesUjients, Stud
of keeping foreign fabrics out. The instantaneous effect of
the two, in conjunction, was, that* manufacturing industry
started at once, in a hundred new or enlarged forms, to
life, and grew, I will not say with a rank and unhealthy,
but with a stimulated and hastened luxuriance, down to-the
war, and through the war. I suppose that rune-tenths, per-
haps more, of ail that Mr. Gallatin surveyed, asd. analyzed,
and admired, in 1810, had sprung up within the three years
before.
The proofs of this are familiar and decisive. Look first at
the dates of certain not very agreeable events. The Berlin
decree was made in November, 1806; the first order in coun-
cil, January, 1807; the-Milan decree in {November, 1807-
The embargo was laid in December, 1807: it continued till
March, 1809, when it was succeeded by the act ofnon-inter-
course, which continued until the war. Here, therefore,
were three years—More than three years—during which
one of the causes to Which I have adverted was in opera-
tion, and more than two years during which both were so,
before Mr. Gallatin made his report, Well, sir, -mark the
results. In 1789 there was not a cotton spindle m the United
States. In 1605 and 1S06 there were only 5,000; ia 1810 there
were 80,0001 an increase of sixteen fold in four or five years.
I gather tbese facts, in part, from Mr. Gallatin's report itself,
and in part from an instructive report upon the subject of
cotton, submitted to Congress by the senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbury,] when Secretary of the Treas-
ury, But let me refer you to the proof a little more largely.
I read first a few passages from Mr. Gallatin's report:
"The first cotton mill was erected in the State of Rhode
Island in the year 1791; another in the same Statein the
year 1795; and (two more in the State of Massachusetts in
1803 aid 1804. During the three succeeding j ears, ten mere
were erected, or commenced, in Rhode Island, and one in
Connecticut—making*altogether, fifteen mills erected before
the year 1808, working at that time about eight thousand
spindloe, and producing about three hundred thousand
pounds of yarn a year. '
"Returns have been received of eighty-seven mills which
were erected at the end of the year 1809, sixty-two of which
(forty-eight water and fourteen horse mills) were in opera-
tion, and worked at that time thirty-one thousand spindles.
The other twenty-five will all be in operation in the course
of this year, and, together with the former ones, (almost' all
of which are increasing their machinery,) will, by the esti-
xnate received, work more than eighty thousand spindles at
the commencement ofthe year 1811.
"The increase of carding and spinning of cotton by ma-
chinery in establishments for that purpose, and exclusively
of that done in private families, has therefore been four
fold, during the last two years, and will have been tenfold
in three years ,
"But by far the greater part of the goods made of those
materials (cotton, lax, and wool) are manufactured in pri-
vate families, mostly lor their ewn use,"and partly for sale.
They consist principally of coarse cloth, flannel, cotton
stuffs and stripes of every description, linen and- mix-
tures of wool with flax or cotton. The information re-
cei\ed from every State, - and from more than Sixty
different place's, concurs in establishing the fact of an ex-
traordinary morease during the last two years, and render-
ing it probable that about two-thirds of the clothiiig, includ-
ing hosiery, and of the house and table linen "worn and
used by the inhabitants of the United States who do not re-
side in cities, is the product of family manufactures.
"The demand of last year was double of that of 1808, and
is still rapidly increasing.
"The annual importations of foreign hemp amounted to
6,200 tons. But the interruption of commerce has greatly
promoted the cultivation of that article in Massachusetts,
New York, Kentucky, and several other places; and it is be-
lieved that a sufficient quantity will, in a short time, be pro-
duced in the United States The injurious violations of the
neutral commerce o/the United States, by forcing industry
and capital into other channels, have broken inveterate hab-
its, and given a general impulse, to which must be ascribed
the gieat increase of manufactures during the last two
years."
So far Mr. Gallatin.
But listen to the not less weighty evidence of Mr. Jeft'er'
son, m his message of 1808:
"The suspension of foreign commerce produced by the
injustice of the belligerent powers, and the consequent
losses and sacrifices of our citizens, are subjects- of just
concern. The situation into which we have thus been
forced has impelled us to apply a portion of our industry
and capital to internal manufactures and improvements.
The extent ofthis conversion is daily increasing, and little
doubt remains that the establishments formed, and forming,
will, under the auspices of cheaper materials and subsist-
ence, the freedom of labor from taxation with us, and of pro-
tecting duties and prohibition, become permanent."
And of Mr. Madison, in his message of 1810:
"I feel particular satisfaction in remarking that an interior
view of our country piesents us with grateful proofs ©f its
substantial and increasing prosperity. To aa thriving agri-
culture, and the improvements relating to it, is added a high-
ly interesting extension of useful manufactures, the com-
bined product of professional occupations and of household
industry. Such, indeed, is the experience of economy, as
veil as of policy, in these substitutes for supplies heretofore
obtained by foreign commerce, that in a national view the
change is justly regarded as, of itself, more than a recom-
pense for those privations and losses resulting fromfoieign
injustice, which furnished the general impulse required for
its accomplishment. How far it may be expedient to guard
the infancy ofthis improvement m the distribution of labor,
by regulations of the commercial tariff, is a subject which
cannot fail to suggest itself to your patriotic reflections."
And in his message of 1811:
"Although other subjects will press more immediately on
your deliberations a portion of them cannot but be well be-
stowed on the just and sound policy of securing to our man-
ufactures the success they have attained, and are still attain-
ing, under the impulses of causes not permanent, and to out
navigation the fair extent of which is at present abridged by
the unequal regulations of foreign governments. Besides
the reasonableness of saving gur manufactures fromsaen-
