CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ative reasons why this should be done. He would,
therefore, move the reference of the memorial to the
Judiciary Committee, with the expression of a
strong desire that they might report upon it with as
little delay as*possible.
It was accordingly referred.
. Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported back the petition of James Wil-
son: report adverse to prayer of petition.
The joint resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, authorizing Captain James Low to assign a
certain section of land, was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The two following engrossed bills were each lead
a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Adams and Co.,
and others.
A bill for the relief of William Brown.
THE HARBOR BILLS.
The general orders brought up, as in committee
of the whole, the bill making appropriations for
certain harbors and rivers, (the western harbor bill,)
as the postponed business of yesterday, the question
pending being on Mr. Evans's amendment to change
the phraseology of the appropriation of §40,000 for
Buffalo harbor.
Mr. EVANS wished that the bill would be pass-
ed over informally, as he had not yet acquired the
information necessary to satisfy him that his
amendment could be dispensed with.
Mr. TA T.M ADGE said the bill as it stood satis-
fied himself and his colleague that the change of
phraseology suggested should not be made.
Mr. EVANS did not concur in the idea that,
because the senators of the State were satisfied,
every one else should be. He wanted time to make
inquiry of the chief of the bureau of engineers, as to
the mode of expending the money to the best ad-
vantage for the public interest.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped the question would
be taken now.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE was opposed to the amend-
ment, and hoped it. would not pass.
Mr. EVANS handed a letter he had received from
the collector of the port, and requested it would be
read.
The letter was read, describing the modes of im-
proving the, harbor, and recommending one which he
conceived most conducive to the general interests of
the lake commerce.
Mr. TAPPAN considered this a new proposition,
which would lead to vapt expense; and from his
knowledge of the localities he showed that its ulti-
mate success was altogether doubtful.
Mr. EVANS had no intention to favor any plan
in particular, his object being to leave the matter open
to the judgment of the Secretary of War and topo-
graphical corps of engineers.
Mr. WRIGHT explained minutely the object and
advantages of disposing of the appropriation exactly
as proposed by the bill, and showed that no other
mode could be equally advantageous under existing
circumstances.
After n few further remarks from Messrs. EVANS
and HENDERSON, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WRIGHT, though entertaining very little
hope of success, seeing the determination of the
Senate not to return the bill to the House, felt him-
self impelled, by a sense of duty, to offer an amend-
ment to insert an appropriation of $10,000 for the
removal of obstructions to the navigation of the
mouth of the Genesee river in the State of New
York, which forms the harboi for Rochester city on
Lake Ontario, and is of great importance to that
city.
Mr. WHITE concurred in the importance and
propriety of such appropriation, but hoped no
amendment would be made to the bill which at this
late period of the session would cause it to be sent
back to the House, and thereby endanger its pas-
sage.
Mr. MOREHEAD and WOODBRIDGE, for the
same reasons hoped the amendment would not pre-
vail.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate
without amendment and read the third time. ^
On the question, "Shall the bill pass;" Mr. HAY-
WOOD called for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered, and resulted—yeas 32, nays 6, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Barrow, Bates, bayard,
Benton, Breese, Buchanan. Choate, Clayton, Cnaenden.
Da\ton, Kvans, Francis, Fulton, Hannegan, Henderson,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Merrick, Miller, Morehead,
Porter, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappou, L'pnuin,
Wlute, Woodbridge, and Wright - S3,
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Atherton, Colquitt. Haywood,
Huger, and McDufiie—6.
So the western harbor bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the oilier
harbor bill, also entitled "a bill making appropria-
tions for certain harbors and rivers," [commonly
called the eastern or Atlantic harbor bill,] was taken
up for consideration as in committee of the whole.
Mr. MERRICK moved to amend the bill by in-
serting an appropriation of $20,000- for improving
the harbor of Baltimore. He was surprised to find
that a harbor of such importance, and as well en-
titled to a continuation of the expenditure of the
government for the benefit of commerce, had been
so totally overlooked and passed by, as the harbor
of Baltimore was.
Mr. HUNTINGTON had acted by the instruc-
tions of the Committee on Commerce in reporting
the bill without amendment.
Mr. MERRICK could see no reason or justice in
neglecting to make an equitable appropriation for
improving the harbor of Baltimore.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE defended the Committee on
Commerce from the charge of injustice.
Mr. MERRICK had not charged it upon the
committee, His object was to enforce the justice of
this amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON saw no propriety in the ap-
prehensions of sending back these bills to the
House with such amendments as it vfas the prerog-
ative of the Senate to make. There were yet fifteen
days of the session unexpired; and experience had
proved that great numbers of bills could be passed
within four days of the adjournment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished to know whether
the appropriations in the bill were based upon spe-
C1 Mr?"HUNTINGTON understood them to be
based on the estimates of the departments.
Mr. CRITTENDEN contended that they ought
to have been specific estimates. He wished to see
the necessity and probable cost of each improve-
ment specifically stated. The bill might as well be
"a bill for improving the harbors of the United
States"—-giving any conceivable latitude for the ex-
penditure of the sum appropriated, as the bill now
under consideration, which was not confined to spe-
cifications.
The subject was farther discussed by Messrs.
MERRICtv, HUNTINGTON, SEVIER, HEN-
DERSON, Ac.; and
The yeas and nays having been called by Mr.
MERRICK, and ordered, were taken, and resulted
—yeas 14, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Berrien, Buchanan, Crittenden,
Francis, Henderson, Huntington, Johnson, Man511m, Mer-
rick, Miller, Semple, Sewer, and Woodbuiy—li.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Barrow, Bates,
Benton. Choate, Clayton, Colquitt, Kvans, Fairfield, Hanne-
gan, Ha> wood, Huger, Jant-igHi, Lewis, McDufiie, Niles,
Sturgeon, Tall-nadge, Tappan, and Woodbridge-—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to amend the bill by in-
serting an appropriation of §1,000 for examining
the obstructions to the navigation of the river La
Fourche, in the State of Louisiana.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAYTON, with great misgivings of the suc-
cess of the motion he should make, but none with
regard to the importance attached to it in the State
of New Jersey, moved to amend the bill, by adding
an appropriation of $250,000 for commencing the
construction of a breakwater at Crow Shoals, Cape
May. [Great laughter.] This work was no joke,
for its completion was estimated at $1,350,000; and
of so much national consequence was it considered,
that the legislature had instructed the senators and
requested the representatives of the State in Con-
gress to use their best efforts to have it accom-
plished.
Mr. McDUFFIE complimented the senator on
the diffidence with which he urged this small ap-
propriation of $250,000; but still more on his recog-
nition of the right of instruction, at which he (Mr.
McD.) felt much gratified.
Mr. DAYTON always conformed to the instruc-
tions of lus legislature when they accorded with his
own judgment and feelings, and m such cases he
never failed to act up to them; but when they did
not, he begged leave to give the preference to his
own judgment and feelings, and to take a course
different from that of his instructors. He con-
fessed that, zealously as he felt disposed to co-ope-
rate with those instructors in the present case, he
was not very sanguine of success when he offered
his amendment,
THe amendment w.as rejected.
Mr. BUCHANAN", although ,Jie confessed he
was in perfect despair of success, seeing the disposi-
tion of the Senate, felt bound to offer an amendment,
but should do so without making- a speeoh; ;yet he
could not help saying that this appropriation ought
to be made. Hie amendment was, to add §500 <br
repairs at. Marcus Hook pier, in the Delaware.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved to amend the bill
by adding an appropriation of $15,000 for improve-
ments and repairs at Bridgeport, Long Island.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON moved to amend the bill by
adding §10,000 for removing the bar at Pass Chris-
tian, so as to bring the channel between Mobile and
New Orleans to a level.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate
without amendments, and read a third time.
On the question, ''shall this bill pass," Mr. HAY-
WOOD called for the yfeas and nays; which were
ordered and resulted-—yeas 32, nays 8, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Breesc, Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Dayton, Evans, Fair-
field, Francis, Fulton, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Johnson, McDuftie, Merrick, Miller, Niles, Porter, Sevier,
Simmons, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Upham, "White,
"Woodbridge, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Atherton, Benton,
Haywood, Huger, Lewis, and Semple—8.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BENTON reported a bill for tije relief of
Bent, St. Yrain, & Co..; which was rfead a first
time.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the Senate went
into executive session, and after some time spent
therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 1,1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved,
after a correction had been made by the addition of
Mr. Pollock's name to the list of the majority who
voted yesterday to lay on the table the memorial
presented by Mr. Adams, from Pennsylvania, for
the alteration of the naturalization law
CHANGE OF THE HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. PARMENTER introduced a resolution to
fix the hour of meeting, on and after Monday next,
at 10 o'clock, a. m., and to provide for adaily recess
from half past 2 to 4 o'clock.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved an amendment;
the effect of which was to prevent an adjournment
before 8 o'clock each evening.
Mr. WHITE opposed the amendment, and also
moved to strike out that portion of the original reso-
lution which provided for a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution,
simply fixing 10 o'clock as the hour of meeting, was
adopted.
MEMPHIS NAVY YARD.
Mr. REDING offered the following resolution:
Iifsohed, That all debate in Commits- of the Whole on
the State of the Union, upon the act to establish a navy yard
and depot at Memphis, m the State of Tennessee, shall
cease, one hour after the same shall be taken up, if the com-
mittee shall not sooner come to a conclusion thereon;
and the committee shall then proceed to vote upon all
pending amendments, and such as may be offered, and re-
port the same to the House.
Mr. ASHE moved to amend by inserting two
hours instead of one: lost.
Mr. ASFJF, then moved to amend by inserting
one hour and a half; and remarked that he felt deep-
ly interested upon the subject, and desired to be
h'eard upon it; but the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Hammet] was entitled to the floor, and in case
that gcntleman'consumed the hour allotted to him,
the whole time allowed for debate by this resolution
would be exhausted.
The question 011 the amendment was taken and
carried.
The resolution as amended was then adopted.
Mr. VANCE moved that the business of the
morning hour be postponed for the purpose of pro*
ceedtng to the consideration of the private bills up-
on the Speaker's table.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. SEYMOUR inquired whether it would be in
order to call for the consideration of the motion made
a few days ago, for the reconsideration of the vote
by which Senate bill No. 137 was passed.
Being answered in the affirmative.
