April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Ch.oa.te.
Senate.
sell one pound or one peck the more, if we imported from
England the very shoes which we put upon our horses'
feet? No, sir; you sell all which the necessities of foreign-
ers oblige them to buy at remunerating prices; so you
would, tariff' or no tariff; and you would do no more." Sir,
to hold our protective legislation responsible for this falling.
oft of these exports, is to hold it responsible for the very
evils whose existence compelled you to resort to it, in order
to break their force; evils which, but for this, you could n<?t
bear at ail. }ou lay the fault, not on the ferocious assail-
ant, but on the defensive armor, and the manly resistance,'
without which the attack would have been fatal Yes, sir,
it is far nearer the truth to say this: that it was bccause
foreign tariffs, discriminating for colonial agriculture and
against youis; the increased agricultural production
ot Europe; the great bulk ot that class of commodities com-
pared with the value; it was because these and other causes
had deprived your farmers of their foreign market, that
your statesmen turned to find them one at home, and have
already to an encouraging extent suoceedcd; it w as because
the wings of our ancient golden foreign commerce have
been clipped, that they turned to find a substitute in domes-
tic commerce, it was because the Old "World had unexpect-
edly developed new and extraordinary resources, ,and pow-
ers, and productiveness, that they sought, in another sense
than Mr. Canning used the lofty boast, "to restore the bal-
ance," by bringing a new world into existence in the new
world.- This is far nearer the truth than to describe the
protective policy as the author oi the evils which it seeks
to mitigate.
I have done then, sir, with the argument drawn from the
tables. As I said, I do not think they affect at all the great
question which we have had so long and ably discussed, of
the operation of protective duties on commerce, agricul-
ture, and revenue. , They leave that where they find it. I
do not mean to repeat a word of that discussion. Neither
these tables, nor any quantity ol tables, nor any amount of
reasoning, nor any public opinion of one region, or of all re-
gions ol the country, nor all the polemical political econo-
my of manufacturing England, will bung me to doubt that
I do good service to agriculture by lessening the numbers
that pursue it, and giving them a nearer and better market;
that even the foreign trade of a nation, which manufactures
as w^U as tills the earth, will be richer, wider, steadier-bet-
ter prepared to spread its sails to every breeze, than the
foreign trade of a nation which only tiils the earth; and,
finally, that domestic commerce among such States as ours
is better than an exclusive foreign commerce. These
truths, at last, are above all cavil. I will not confess that
they require vindication, by attempting to vindicate them.
It has been urged, sir, as another consideration to induce
or to reconcile us to a return to the old system, that manu-
facturing and mechanical industry is in a highly prospero^i
general condition. Its products are said to be vast. W
profits are said to be great.
I admit, undoubtedly, that an immense amount of capital
is invested m it. I.admit that it employs, and feeds, mil-
lions—men, women, and children-—of our own household.
I admit that it has spread over the whole country: that it is
inseparably intertwined with the labor and the prosperity
of the whole; that it benefits all; that it harms none. I
admit "that, with the general business of the nation, it is just
now prosperous.
But what then? Does the senator from Missouri say, that
because these employments are so numerous, so wide
spread, so interwoven with all the nerves oi business, and
so flourishing, that therefore he would destroy, or lessen,
or impoverish them? The direct reverse. He desires to
see them prosper. He is willing to leave them more pro-
tection than they need. So I understood his speech; and
so I understood him to say in reply to my fuend from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] whom ke supposed to have-
suspected him of unfriendliness to 'protection. I mean to
treat, then, this argument from the prosperous condition of
this industry, as the argument of a fiiend of adequate pro-
tection, who will maintain the existing degree and mode of
protection if it is necessary; who would, however, be de-
sirous to reduce that degree, and depart from that mode, if
manufacturing employments can bear the reduction and
the change, and who inters from their present prosperity
that they can bear it.
To him then, sir, who, being a friend of sufficient protec-
tion, and of a diffused, multiform, advanced manufacturing
and mechanical industry, tells us that a reduction of one-
halfor one-third oi the existing protection will leave
enough, I answer by asking, how do you do this7 How do
you make me, how do you make the Senate, know it?
How do. you prove it? Where is your evidence7 I respect
your opinions highly. But 1 must see the grounds of this
opinion
The "burden is on you. The presumption in the first in-
stance is, that the existing rates ol' duty cause, and aie
necessary to, the existing prosperity. Piimafronte it is so.
Here is the apparent cause. There is the apparent effect.
Here is the law of 1842. Side bj side, contemporaneous,
coexistent,-is the acknowledged prosperity. Here are the
fruits; figs and grapes; they seem to grow, not on that
thorn, or that thistle, but on the kindred tree and vine.
Well, this presumption is heightened by looking back a
little. Duties inn down, in 1841, into the neighborhood of
those which you say will give ample protection now. Man-
ufacturing labor ran down too, and pan passu. You raised
the duties, by the present law, to their present height.
These employments sprang up, too, with du instantaneous
and marvellous sympathy. The revival followed so clo*e
upon the passage of the law of 1S42, it followed so natural-
ly, it was so exactly what was predicted, so exactly what
was expected, it was so entirely conformable to all our ex-
perience and to all analogv, that we can hardly in the first
instance resist the conviction that the law was cause, the
revival effect.
Then, I repeat it, the burden is heavy on you, uno say
that hall or any other proportion of the duties ol 1842 will
give adequate protection, to prove it. Thr« law of 1^42 is
no new law; it has no new, inflamed, untjied rates of pio-
tection in it. It is for mi ustance the law of 1828—the law of
1824. It has been twenty years in maturing It has been
constructed with great care'; with much labor and much
thought, by the aid of much investigation and much evi-
dence. The system which it embodies has been long and
thoroughly tried. You have tried it as in 1825, 1829, 1843,
by keeping it in force; and you have-tried it as in 1S20 and
1841, by suffering it to fall. If r.ow you say it as a great
blunder, and that it lays duties in any proportion larger
than its own objects require, you roust prove it.
Well, what are the proofs'? Have you any evidence of
experienced persons, collected by a committee? flave any
witnesses been examined, any opinions taken, any parlia-
mentary inquisition holden? Nothing at all of the sort.
You say, manufactures flourished on the low duties of
1789 and 1807. Why, we might as well be told that antedi-
luvians lived a thousand years., Where is the penod from
1789 to 1807 ? With the days beyond the flood. Why rea-
son from the experience of a world, which neitheryou nor
I shall ever see again? Why not consult the experience of
the actual world for which you legislate ' You tried low
duties in 1S16, since the present age began, and you failed;
you tried them in 1841, and you failed again. Is not
this experience, decisive and stern, to dispel the de-
lusive dreams, whispered by the irrevocable and inap-
plicable past? To go back to th^ protection of 1789, for
the prosperity of 1789, is to go back m old age to the place
of our birth, to seek for the singing birds of childhood
which nowsing tio more.
You say some branches of manufactures are earning
enormous profits. Well,-what then"? What does the bill of
the Senator from South Carolina thereupon propose7 What
do the principles of the senator from Missouri provide for
such a case? Do you institute-an investigation into the ap-
palling phenomenon, to ascertain whether the fact is so;
how long it has been so; what are the temporary and acci-
dental causes, whether the laws of business hydrostatics
are not already bringing such profits down to the general
level of all employments? Not at all. Do you proceed to
reduce the duties on these unreasonably prosperous
branches'? No such thing. You seize the scythe, and just
swing it at large over the whole field of labor, prosperous
or unprosperous. Worse than Procrustes, who only pared
down the too tall one, you, because one man is longer than
the standard, cut the whole regiment m two in the middle.
Cottons thrive, say the free-trade newspapers—and down
go the duties on hats ! Fustians are lively—and off' comes
the shoemaker's protection ! Gieat stories are credibly
and anonymously told of large salaries at Lowell; dividends
whicn they are afraid to divide; and calico printing which
is making all their fortunes; whereupon, in our zeal, we
propose to take off about one-third, more or less, of the du-
ties on ready-made clothing ! 1 do not understand the
logic of the operation. Here is a building, some seven or
ten stories high, with a thousand tenants, You propose to
put your hands on the top of it, and press it down, bodily,
into the gronnd about one-half way. I humbly suggest the
question, whether it is altogether safe for the persons in it?
Perfectly so, say you, perfectly so; v hy do these people
want to lhe seven, eight, ten stories in the air'? Well, for
them it may be safe, but what bccomes of those who inhabit
the basement and the ground rooms7 They will be stifled
to death!
Sir, let me respectfully recommend cautious and delicate
handling of these interests. Vast, various, prosperous, as
they are. a breath can unmake them, as a breath has made.
This bill strikes a blow, the extent, degree, and nature of
whose injurious effect no man can foresee, or Jimit, or cure.
That which you certainly mean to do. involves conse-
quences which you certainly do not mean. You begin by
saying profits are too high. Then jon propose to reduce
profits. You begin by saying more foreign manufactures
must be imported, because you propose to increase revenue
by reducing duties . This demands, of course, enlarged im-
portations. To that extent, to a new and undefined extent,
you displace, disturb, diminish the domestic market of your
own manufacturers. But con you really strike down the
general profits and break up the actual market of American
labor, and yet leave it prosperous, rewarded, and content-
ed"?
I intended, sir, to have sard something on the fallacy of
the argument, that when manufactures are so firmly estab-
lished as to have reduced prices, and made them reasonable,
staple, and proportional to other pnccs, that then you mav
abolish protecting duties. But this topic has been so T\ell
handled bj others, and particularly by my colleague, and I
have already detained you so long, that I forbear. Let me
readasingle passage from the same speech of Mr Calhoun,
to which I have referred so much:
"But it will no doubt be said, if they are so far established,
and if the situation of the country is so favorable to their
growth, where is the necessity of affording them protec-
tion? It is to put them bej ond the reach of contingency "
I may say, however, in a more general waj , that, in the
universal judgment of the world, stability, steadiness, the
lapse of considerable periods of time, yeais, years of ad-
equate protection, arc required to buildup manufacturing
and mechanical arts to a consummated and durable prosperi-
ty. The policy of caprice w ill not do it; the policy of high
duties to-day, and low ones to-morrow; of inflation and col-
lapse, jumping back fifty years, to rock grown men in the
cradles of infants—this never will do it Let me call to
your notice a iew extracts from the Monthly Peview, Lon-
don, March, 1844, which convey, I think, a eeitain and im-
tant truth*.
''It is to be hoped free trade sophistry will not go so far
as to exclaim: England having once brought her manufac-
tures—no matter by what means—to the utmost degree of
perfection, free trade can only pro\e her advantage, since
foreign competition m her market is out of question m most
articles, while her own will be brought to toreign markets
free of duty.
"They (the continental statesmen) well know that, as
soon as the system ot free trade is adopted, all idea must be
abandoned of ever establishing manufactories in Uk present
agricultural countiies, even for home consumption alone;
since it lies in the nature of a manufacturing country to have
at command a mass of knowledge, expertne^s. practice, im-
plements, and machinery, wholesome public institutions
<ind regulations, vaat connections and w ealth, in all of m hich
agricultural countries are deficient, as they can only be ac-
quired slowly and gradually, through an uninterrupted
series of ages, and the possession of which is manifest in
the comparative cheapness of the pianufacfuies. It is the
principle of stability, continuation, and perseverance,, that
constitutes the basis of all the great works and institutions'
realized by the hands of men. " .
"The history-of dynasties, nations, countries %nd towns,-
as well as of the arts and sciences, corroborate the power of
that principle. The latter (arts and sciences) have arrived at
their present state of development, as the former did at
pow&r, riches, and authority; only through the exertions of
a series of generations, stnving and working to one and the
same end, the succeeding generation always taking up- the
thread where the preceding had left off. By this principle
alone was it possible to erect monuments, the stupendous-
ness of which we pow admire, even in their decay. To
bring their principle more home, inquire of every roaster
mechanic or manufacturer, and he will tell you to how
many difficulties and expenses the outset of a contrivance is
subject, and how comparatively easy and profitable the
more advanced progress is. In looking more attentively
into the history of the useful arts, and the various depart-
ments-of industry, which aie now brought to so flourishing
a condition, we find that one branch has sprung out of the
other, and that the success of one depended on that of the
others; in short, that they all mutually influence each other,
and that the elements hostile to the principle of stability and
continuation—such as civil disturbances, critical periods in
trade, and fluctuations in prices—have destroyed in a very
short time the labor of ages."
Germany is attempting, as we are, to develop her indus-
trial capacities, and is annoyed, as we are,by the selfish and
senseless prattle of free trade. I like the good sense and
the firmness with which a writer in the Augsburg Journal
remarks on the honeyed and gilded plausibilities of Dr.
Bowring:
"Dr. Bowring deceives himself very much, if it be his be-
lief that Germany desires no better fortune than to be allow-
ed exportation ol her corn and wood to England, receiving
in return English manufactures. Some few landholders 011
the Lower Elbe, and some few possessors of forests on the
Baltic, may cherish the same hopes, and have expressed the
same wishes, as the doctor.
"Manufactures are plants of slow growth; and in'a few
years is easily destroyed that which took ages to build.
Now or never is the time to found durably German indus-
trial independence and the greatness of Germany. To this
end, it is before all things necessary that the Germans
themselves should feel full confidence in the solidity of
German industry.
"The more Germany advances on the path of industry
which she had adopted, the more decidedly appears the ne-
cessity of a. determined and changeless duty system, hav-
ing for its aim the regular advancement of German indus-
try."
Let me say, Mr, President, that it would seem to me no
matter of rejoicing or pride to see the absolutism of the
Kuropean continent attracting and retaining about its stead-
fast thrones these useful and manly arts, denied to us, yet
so much more appropriately and more naturally forming the
ornament, strength, and enrichment of popular liberty.
Other arts I could give those governments up. I could re-
sign, without a sigh, all the beauty and all the grace that
live on canvass. They may have the breathing and speak-
ing marble, for me. I could give them up all the poetry
and all the music that ever consoled a nation for the loss of
freedom. But I cannot so far divest myself of the preju-
dices, if they are such, instilled by the study of the history
of the constitution and of its earlier administiation; I can-
not so far forget the counsels of so many Presidents and
great men, the living and the dead; 1 cannot So far overlook
the mighty causes of the wealth and power of nations, a.,s.
not to feel a profound anxiety ihat these nobler and manlier
arts, these arts which, as Washington thought, guard our
independence, insure our security, and clothe and feed our
masses; these arts, whose onlj regulator, whose only pa-
tion, whose only reward, is the wants of the people—that
these arts should he all our own. Wh< ther they shall be or
not, depends on the stability and energy our policy. It de-
pends on you. It depends on the deliberations oi- this day.
You see, then, Mr. President, (hat f concur with the dis-
tinguished senator from Missouri in the importance of sta-
bility and ofharmonj—liaimonym the count*}; stability in-
the low. They are worth something. They arc worth a
great deal. But, sir, without an adequate protection to
these forms of labor, you can have no harmony and no sta-
bility, and they would not be worth having if \ou could.
Our seasons ol inadequate protection ha\e not been seasons
of harmony, because they have not "been seasons of pros-
perity. Such \\ as the period from 1783 to 1789. Such that
fioni*1816 to 1824. Bad legislation; bad systems; systems in-
adequate to the demands, the hopes, the glory, of a free,
busy, and aspiring people, will not be stable. 'I hey ought
not to be. They will not be so tili the pulses of liberty are
dead, and the cold, bitter, unfruitful, and calm sea of despot-
ism shall cover us over. Stable protectn g legislation, not
an improtectmg stability, and not a fluctuating protection,
is the one grand desideratum for American harmony and
prosperity.
1 have done, sir, with the discussion of the general sub-
ject. and will soon resume my seat. The honoiable senator
from Missouri thinks that the'present'is an unpropitious mo-
ment for the adjustment of the tariff; referring, as I under-
stand him, to the approaching presidential election. The
senatoi from Georgia [Mr. BEf.RiF.Nj concurs in this opinion.
I go further, sir, than either, and for reasons somewhat dif-
ferent. I should be quite willing, for my part, if. for the six
months preceding such an election, such a subject as this
could be tabooed ground. It should be interdicted. The
time should be dies non jiiridicus—the time of stump speak-
ing, if you please, not of congressional legislation. I dis-
trust my own ability to come with the requisite care and
calmness to such a deliberation. 3 distrust myself; almost I
distrust you. We are within a few months of an election
which is" to determine who is to wield the vast executive
powers of this government for the next four years; w ho aie
to administer the executive depaitments, who to represent
you ot all the courts of the world, \\ ho to fill all the national
offices; what will, what spirit, what dispositions, are to
preside in the administration, for all good or evil which ad-
ministration can accomplish. We are surrounded by many
millions of people, whose hearts are throbbing as the heast
