650
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Eastern Harbor bill—Mr. Bayly.
H. of Reps.
of one man, with anxiety for the result. Among these ail,
are we sure tfyat we are quite cool ourselves? Are we sure
that we-are quite in a condition to adjust this vast system,
to settle these infinite and delicate details? Is there no dan-
Eer that disturbing elements may enter into the deliberation >
i there no danger that we shall be thinking how this rate
of duty or how that may affect votes, instead of inquiring
exclusively how it will affect labor, prices, revenue? Do
you think the master of a steamboat is quite so good a
judge how much his boilers will bear while he is running
a race with-a new rival On a ten thousand dollar wager?
I declare, sir, that at has more than once crossed my mind,
barely crossed it,-that this circumstance of our legislating un-
der the pernicious heat of this dog-star may help to explain
the extraordinary attention that has been paid to [Massachu-
setts in the debate. It is her profits for which newspapers
have been ransacked. It is her advocacy of the tariff to
which senators have supposed themselves replying. If a
sneer could be insinuated against her opinions about the Ias>t
war, or, better still, about abolition, it seems to have passed
for some sort of argument against a protecting policy. The
silence which has been observed towards Fenns\ lvania has
been quite as remarkable as tin* eloquence which has be^n
expended on Massachusetts I deceive my self if there has
been the slightest allusion to her, or her iron duties, m the
whole winter's debate. 1 perceive that, in the report of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House, very affection-
ate and patriotic things are even said about iron. Now, sir,
when you consider triat Massachusetts never made a pro-
tecting tariff; that she took no leading or influencive part in
1816} that she opposed that of 1824 with almost her entire
vote, and with great zeal and ability ; that she voted against
that of 1828; that she has done nothing but just to stay
where you placed her, that Pennsylvania, on the other
hand, has beon the founder, the steadfast support and stay
of the whole system; that she made the protecting parts of
the act of 1789, that in 1816, 1820, 1824, 1828, always, always
her numerous vote, and her powerful and cultivated talents,
have been prominent and controlling in maintaining and
giving energy and completeness to the policy; and when
you consider, too, what are the interests which it protects
lor her—considering all this, is it strange that the question
has passed through my mind, whether the extraordinary
notice ol Massachusetts, and the extraordinaiy leserve to-
wards Pennsylvania, may not possibly be attributable to her
having a large elecjoral vote which is thought to be some-
what doubtful; while ours is a small one, not at all doubtful"*
"Whatever the cause, the fact is certain. I amused myself
the other evening with imagining what sort of history of the
tariff a writer two thousand years hence migh* make up,
from materials derived exclusively fiom one side of this de-
bate. The senator from New Hampshire once wrote a very
good discourse on the uncertainty of history; he will not
wonder, therefore, to find this sketch pretty full of blunders.
It might run nearly thus:
"In the year 1821, the State of Massachusetts somewhat
abruptly ejaculated, Got®, now! let us make a protecting
tariff. And thereupon that State, having, a< it would appear,
by some means not clearly explained, aequiied a large ma-
jority of votes in both Houses of Congress, did actually pio-
ceed to force such a thing dow n the throats of the other as-
tounded and reluctant States. What renders this the more
remarkable is, that the constitution evidently contemplated
no such thing, that celebrated compact having been a mere
great free trade league, entered into mainly with a view to
promoting the culture of a certain beautiful vegetable w ool,
called cotton. However, she made a tariff. And thencefor-
ward the domestic history of the States seems to have con-
sisted very much of a series of the mo^t desperate and most
chivalrous stiuggles, on the part of all the others, to get rid
of a system which at once debauched their understandings
and picked their pockets. In this contest, though all did
well, South Carolina and New Hampshire particularly dis-
tinguished themselves; ore being the great cotton growing,
and the other the gieat navigating State of the Union Well
might they take the lead, they were most ably represented,
(there the historian is right,) and it appears to have been an
indisputable and melancholy fact, that the tariffhad killed
all the cotton m the fields of South Carolina, anr had rotted
down the ten thousand masts of the mei chant navy of New
Hampshire, piecemeal—so that in imo 'lie whole number of
human beings who saileo from her ports, in her vessels,
were onl) fifty-six men and three bo>
Here the MS terminates, and it is abo« t as true as the five
first books of Livy, nine-tenths of Plutarch, and a consid-
erable part of Hume's history of the Puritans and the
Stuarts I
Certainly,sir, wc ar<-  very much in these employments. You
may thank yourselves for that And i^ it not an excellent
thing for you that we arc'> Are we not a very much more
useful member of the paitnership—more useful to the other
partners—than we could be without? Is it not a good, hon-
est, genial, social, "live and let live" sort of business, you
have driven us into.' Suppose, sir, you could drive us out
of it again, as you may- suppose you should send us back
to ice and granite, to sawing boards, raising beans and corn,
drying nets and making fish on the rocks of our iron-bound
and stern coast, or to roaming the ocean for freights, in
competition with the black-bread sailors of Bremen and
Hamburg—suppose that thus you could drive three-quarters
of our people away, to return no imoie: what good would
it do you? Now, if we had a Chinese wall around Massa-
chusetts—if our work was done two thousand feet under
ground—if it was the digging of gold or quicksilv er, to be
sent abroad m our vessels or foreign vessels—if all that you
aaw of ua was when, ence a year, we came here with the
soot of the furnace on our faces, to beg for bounties and
prohibitory duties,—why, that would bo one thing But is
it nothing that we take and consume, within that single
State, an annual amount of more than forty millions
of dollars of your productions; an amount out ot all
manner of proportion to any other State except llhode
Island, an amount equal to about one-half of the
whole exports of the whole Union, exclusive of manufac-
tures1 Is it nothing that we take these productions, not
only from all the great regions, East, Central, South, and
Wert, but fmm every State something—cotton, grain, rice,
sugar from the South, southwest; naval stores from North
Carolina; gram and meats from the central regions; lead
P5)<] corn from Missouri; buffalo robes from the Rocky
Mountains? I hold here the enumeration of these produc-
tions, in an excellent speech of Mr. Hudson, of Massachu-
setts delivered at the session of 1842, in the other House, to
which senators may have access.—(See . Appendix.)
And is this nothing'* Is it not a truly national business
which we pursue; national in the surface it spreads over;
national in the good it does; national in the affections it
generates'7 Well said Mr Calhoun, in 1816:
"ft produces an interest strictly American, as much so ns
agriculture, in which it had the decided advantage of com-
merce or navigation. The country will,-from this, derive
much advantage. Again: it is calculated to bind together
more closely our widely spead republic. It will greatly in-
crease our mutual dependence and intercourse; and will, as
a necessary consequence, excite an increased attention to
internal improvements—a subject every way so intimately
connected with the ultimate attainment of national strength
and the perfection of our political institutions."
Yes, sir, manufacturers and mechanics are unionists by
profession; unionists by necessity, unionists always. Learn
to know your friends. The time may come you will need
them!
1 have been pained mexpressibly. sir, by some things
which hdve been insinuated, not very distinctly said, in
this debate In a discussion ol the tariff, I have heard allu-
sions to the course of Massachusetts in 1812, and to the
abolition sentiments which she clienshes to-day. How am
I to understand them? Does any one dare to propose, or
dare to intimate, that speculative opinions on one subject to
be punished by unkind, deleterious, practical legislation on
other subjects.' For our opinions on the last war, or on
the institution of slavery, do >ou propose to drive our arti-
sans and mechanics from their livings and their homes7
God forbid. Do not think of such a thing t Banish it.
Disdain it. Despise it! Despise, I am sure you do, a re-
taliation so absurd, so mean, so unjust, so profligate. Per-
mit me to say, sir, that you must fake the States of Amcnca
as you find them. All of them have their peculiarities. All
have their traits. All have their history, traditions, char-
acters. They had them before they came into the Union.
They will have them after
'* Rome in Tiber melts, and the wide arch
Of the ranged empire falls M
South Carolina has hers—Massachusetts has hers. She
will continue to think, speak, print, just what she pleases,
on every subject that may interest the patriot the moialist,
the <_ hrastian But she w ill be true to the constitution She
sat among the most altectionate at its cradle, she will fol-
low, the "saddest of the procession of sorrow, its heaise !
She sometimes lias stood fot twenty years together m op-
position to the general government. She cannot promise
the implicit politics of some of her neighbors. 1 trust, how-
cvei, that she will not be found in opposition to the next
admiiiibtiation 1 have heard that once her Senate refused
to vote thanks for a victory for which her people had shed
theii Mood. Sir, 5 on must tal\c the States as you find them1
"V ou must take her as j ou find her' Be just to her, and eho
will be a blessing to you. She will sell to you at fair
prices, and on liberal credits; she will buy of you when
England, and Canada, and the West Indies, nml lielond,
will not, she will buy your staples, and mould them into
shapes of beauty and use, and send them aluoad, to rt pre-
sent your taste ami y our genius in the great fairs of civiliza-
tion. Something thus s>lV may do, to set upon y our brow
that crown of industnal glory, to which "the laurels that a
Cajsar leaps are weeds."' More, sir, more .Although she
loves not w ar, nor any of its works; although her mtei est.-,
her moials, her intelligence, are all against it; although
she is with South Caiolina, Willi all the South, on that
ground; yet, sir, at the call of honor, at the call ©f liberty,
if 1 have* lead her annals true, she will be found standing,
where once she stood, side by side with you. on the daikened
and perilous ridges ofbattle.
Be just to her", coldly, severely, constitutionally just, and
she will be a blessing to y ou.
APPENDIX.
EXTRACT FROil MR. HUDSON'S SPEECH.
I have taken great pains to ascertain, as near as possible,
the amount of articles consumed in ?Jassachu&etts annual-
ly, which are the growth or product of other States m the
Union. 1 have written to intelligent gentlemen connected
wi'li almost every branch of business m my own State, and
have consulted all the statistics which have fallen into my
hands, and 1 confess that our consumption is greater than I
had supposed. Probably some of the estimates may be too
high, and others, 1 am confident, are too low. As a whole,
I believe them to be a fair estimate. In fixing prices, 1 have
endeavored to take the average for the last three or four
years. I speak of the^e articles as consumed in Massachu-
setts. They aio consumed in the sense in which such arti-
cles are capable of consumption. Cotton and'wool are con-
sumed, in the sense m which 1 use the term, by being con-
verted into cloth; and the same is true of all other articles
which go into our manufactures. The result I will now
present for the consideration of the committee.
An estimate of the products of the soil, <$r., of other Stutes
consumed or manvfaelurtd annually in Massachusetts.
Cotton - - - 185,000 bales $7,200,000
Flour % 620.000 bl>Is. 4,100,000
Corn and other grain - 3,7'S0,000 bush. 2,790.000
Coal l"io,000 tons 1,300,000
Wood - lH3,60ft cords 1,300,000
Wool - 8,000,000 lbs 3.200.000
Lumber of all kinds .... 3.690,000
Leather and hides ..... 7.600.000
Beef, pork, hams, and lard - -2,800,000
Butter and chec?e .... - 1,000.000
Horses, cattle, sheen, and sw me - - • tiOO.OOO
Potatoes - - - - - &00 000
Poultrv of all kinds ..... 70 000
Pig lead l,4d0,0O0
Furs, buffalo robes, &c. .... 4.5,000
.Kags, junk, &c., for paper ... - 06 >,000
Lime - 82,900 casks • 72.000
Pot and ptarl ashes - • .v^O tons - 58.000
Tobacco ... 960 hhds. -
Rice - ...
Tar, pitch, and turpentine -
Iron -
Sugar and molasses -
Staves, casks, boxes, &c. ....
Domestic spirits and beer ....
Feathers, hair, and bristles -
Oysters, venison,, sand, sweet potatoes, summer
fruits, such as peaches, melons, &c.
Hay, grass seed, "flaxseed, ilax, linseed oil, castor
oil, beans, beeswax, tallow, onions, and nuts -
68,000
325,000
1,200,000
800,000
47,000
360,000
100,000
185,000
210,000
175,000
42,010,000
Here we have the round sum of $42,000,000 of domestic
products consumed in the State of Massachusetts—a State
of 737,000 inhabitants—in a single year. The importance of
such a home market will appear when we consider that the
average of our entire export from the United States for the
last ten years, exclusive of the manufactured articles,
amounts to only $82,200,000. So that the State of Massa-
chusetts consumes, annually, of the products of other States,
more than half the amount of our whole foreign export, less
the manufactured artioles; and the articles thus consumed
in my own State aie the product of every State in this
Union.
Maine supplies lumber, wood, lime, leather, and pota-
toes; New Hampshire,-wool, butter, cheese, beef, and poik;
Vermont, wool, iron, beef, pork, butter, cheese, and potash;
Rhode Island, lime; Connecticut, iron: New York, flour,
wool, leather, butter, cheese, and grain; New Jersey, grain,
grass seed, and fruit; Pennsylvania, iron, coal, wood, leath-
er, and potash; Delaware, grain; Maryland, corn, tobacco,
and leather, Virginia, corn, flour, tobacco, and coal; North
Carolina, tar, pitch, and turpentine; - South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Alabama, and Mississippi, cotton and rice; Louisiana,
cotton, sugar, and molasses; Arkansas, cotton, beef, and
pork; Tennessee, cotton, wool, t9bacco, and corn; Kentuc-
ky, tobacco, wool. Hour, and whiskey; Missouri, lead"and
corn; Indiana, ilour, corn, wool, beef, and pork, Illinois,
lead, fiour, corn, and pork; Michigan, flour; Ohio, flour,
corn, beef, pork, wool, and potash
This is a specimen of some of the leading articles which
the different States furnish to the Massachusetts market.
Besides tlu'se, there are other articles which are produced
by the whole valley of the Mississippi—such as hides, fur,
beans, castor oil, flaxseed, &c.
y\TRACT OF A NOTE ON ADAM SSll'Ul'S WEU.fH OFtWTIONS, BY
MCcn.LOC'Ii, VOL. 1, PP. $11, 01*2, LDINBl'RGll KD1UON, 1828.
They ["manufacturing operatives] aie thus diiven to seek
fMLrecreation in mental excrement; and the circumstances
\nRer which they are pla<" J. afford them every possible fa-
cility for gratifying themselves in this manner By work-
ing togettiei in considerable numbers, they have constant
opportunities of discussing every topic of interest or impor-
tance. They are thu« gradually trained to habits of think-
ing and reflection: their intellects aie sharpened by the col-
lision of conflicting opinions, and a small contribution fiom
each individual enables them to obtain a large supply of
newspapers, and of the cheaper class of periodical publica-
tions. But whatever difference of opinion may exist re-
specting the cause, there can be no doubt of the fact, that
the intelligence of the workmen employed m manufactures
and commerce has increased according as their numbers
have increased, and as their employments have been moie
and inoie subdivided I do not think that theie are. any
good gxoimds for supposing that they were ever less intelli-
gent than the aguculturirts; though, whatever may have
been the case a century since, no one will- now venture to
aflhm that they are mfenor to them m intellectual acquire-
ments, or that they are mere machines, without sentiment
or reason.
REMARKS OF MR. BAYLY,
OF VIRGINIA,
Iii the House of Representatives, June, 1844—In reply
to Mr. Adams, upon the appeal taken by him
from the decision of the Speaker that a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House, upon the
reconsideration prescribed by the constitution,
had failed to pass, by the constitutional majority,
the eastern harbor bill, vetoed by the President,
was not in order.
Mr. BAYLY said: In the few remarks which he
desired to present to the House, he should confine
himself strictly to the question before it, and to a
brief reply to some of the arguments of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.]
The constitution of the United States prescribes
that—
"Every bill which shall liave passed the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate, shall, before it become a law, be
presented to the President of the United States If he ap-
prove, he shall sign it; but if not, be shall return it, with his
objections, to that House m which it shall have originated,
who shall enter the objection1? at large cu their journal, and
proceed to reconsider it. If, after such reconsideration,
two-thirds of that House shall agree to pass the bill, it shall
be sent, together with the objections, to the other House,
by which it shall likewise be reconsidered; and if approved
by two-thirds of that House, it shall become a law But m
ail such cases the votes of the two Houses shall be detei-
mined by yeas and nays; and the names ot the persons to
ting for and against the bill, shall be entered upon the jour-
nal 01 each House respectively. If any bill shall not be re-
turned bv the President within ten days (Sundays excepted)
after it shall have been presented to him, the same shall be
a law in like manner as if he had signed it, unless the Con-
gress, by their adjournment, prevent its return; m which
case it shall not be law."
ft;w days since the bill know n as the eastern
