638
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tolend the sanctien of the Senate to the introduc-
tionoFthis topic into'the Senate by any action, such
as that of authorizing the printing of this memorial.
He, therefore, hoped the motion to lay on the table
would prevail.
On this motion, Mr. HAYWOOD called for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered, and resulted,
yeas 24, nays 14, as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Atherton, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Breese, Colquitt, Crittenden, Fairfield, Fulton,
Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Johnson, Lewis, McDuffie,
Mangum, Niles, Scruple, Sevier,. Sturgeon, Tappan, and
"Woodbury—24.
NAYS.—Messrs., Bates, Buchanan, Choate, Clayton,
Evans, Francis, Hannegan, Miller, Phelps, Porter, Simmons,
Upham, White, and Woodbridgu -14.
So the report was laid on the table-
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported back, without amendment, the House
bill for the relief of Emanuel Shrofe, and recom-
mended its passage. He also reported back the pe-
titions of Peter Ingles, Peter Frost, and Aden Stan-
ley, with adverse reports:, reports ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WO0DP,R1DGK, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, without amendment,
the House bill for the relief of Eaton Nance, and
recommended its passage.
Mr. PHELPS said that some time since 1,500
copies of the report of the Commissioner of Patents
were ordered to be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate; but since that, a more careful perusal of that
document had satisfied several senators that it was
one of great importance, which ought to be dissem-
inated, and that at least 5,000 copies ought to have
been ordered. He should therefore move a recon-
sideration of the order, with a view of submitting
the following:
Ontci-ed, That a,000 additional copies of the annual ie*
port of the Commissioner of Tatents, communicated to Con-
gress at the present session, be printed for the use of tlie
Senate.
Mr. McDUPFIE objecting to its consideration
now,
The motion was postponed till to-morrow.
Several bills from the House of Representatives
were received, read a first time, ordered to a second
reading, and appropriately referred to standing com-
mittees.
The general orders being called,
Air. DAYTON moved to postpone the previous
orders, and take up the Pea Patch island bill. No !
no! from several senators.]
Mr. EVANS hoped the motion would not pre-
vail. 1
Mr. DAYTON said the bill was on its third
reading, and would not consume any time.
The motion prevailed, mid the bill providing for
the adjustment of the title of the United .States to
Pea 1 atcli island, in the river Delaware, was taken
up tor consideration.
Mr. BAYARD informed the Senate that the ref-
eree mentioned in the bill, Mr. Horace Binney, of
Philadelphia, having declined to act, it was neces-
sary to make an amendment, substituting another.
He would, therefore, move to amend the bill by
striking: out the name of Horaec Binney, and buh-
stituting that of Roger B. Taney, chief justice of the
Supreme Court—to act, not in his capacity of chief
justice, but as referee.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked if Mr. Taney had con-
sented to serve.
Mr. BAYARD said he had. It would be quite
convenient for him to do so, as it was withm his dis-
trict.
The CHAIR intimated that, as the bill now came
up, it was not competent to amend it unless by unan-
imous assent. J
observations from Messrs. BAYARD
BENTON DAYTON, and SEVIER, the bill was
recommitted for amendment.
k-Joo SeMral orders now brought up the Senate
oiii iproviding for the remission of duties 011 rail-
road iron, in certain cases.
Mr. MILLER moved to pass this bill over in-
y'uf senators from Maryland, who took
seats interest m it, were absent from their
JfJ™ resisted this motion. The bill had
bflitl nf  , I • day- There was no p™ba-
tors alluded0,6 g l.ake" on before lhe sena-
on till 1 I'l l ,Camj -in' T!le discussion could go
ili<.vnr, ? 9®^' and it could be disposed of durin?
the morning hour m two or three days. S
The question on Mr. M.ller's motion was taken,
' and resulted ayes 16, noes 13. So the bill was pass-
ed over informally.
Mr. EVANS gave notice that he would, day after
day, move to proceed with this bill till disposed of;
and hoped senators interested in it would be pres-
ent at the hour for taking it up.
The-next thing on the general orders was the Sen-
ate joint resolution to authorize the Attorney Gen-
eral to contract for copies of a proposed edition of
the laws and treaties of the United States, reported
by Mr- Choate, from the Committee on the Libra-
ry; which was taken up as in committee of the
whole.
Mr. BUCHANAN would be glad to have the
petition of A. W. Johnson, successor of Nielson
and Johnson, readfin which there is a proposition to
furnish the requisite number of copies of the laws
which have been already printed much cheaper than
a new edition can be obtained for.
Mr. CHOATE said the committee had the me-
morial under consideration, and had decided that a
new edition of the laws was necessary, and that the
objects desired would not be attained by acceding to
the proposition of the memorialist. The object of
the resolution was to bring out what had been much
needed—a new and uniform edition of the laws of
the United States, the treaties, and a copious and ac-
curate index—all got up in the first style of typo-
graphical art, and on thick, fine paper, fit to be writ-
ten upon in making notes. Mr. C. then stated the
opinions of the judges and members of the bar as to
the necessity for this new edition, and their approval
of the plan proposed for accomplishing the object.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped, if the memorial was
not on the table, the matter would be passed over
informally till it was obtained.
The CHAIR said the memorial was not on the
table.
Mr. CHOATE consented to let the resolution be
passed over informally till the memorial was obtain-
ed.
It was passed over accordingly.
On motion oi Mr. BREESE, the previous orders
were postponed, and the bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Elliott, jun., of Illinois, was taken up, as in
committee of the whole, with an amendment recom-
mended by the Committee on Public Lands.
After some discussion as to the technical meaning
oi the words "final certificate of patent," which
were objected to by Mr. CRITTENDEN, explain-
ed by Mr. BRERSE, and defined by Mr. SEVIER
to be obsolete in consequence of the change in the
mode of paying for public lands, the amendment
was adopted; the bill, as amended, was reported,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. FOSTER gave notice that, to-morrow, he
would ask leave to introduce a bill.
Die next bill on the general orders was that for
the relief of Mary Reeside, executrix of the last will
and testament of James Reeside, deceased, which
was taken up as in committee of the whole, and
placed under consideration.
Mr' HAYWOOD made several objections to the
bi.l as it now stood: first, that it proposed to trans-
fer the business of the Auditor of the Post Office
Department to the Auditor of the War Department;
next, that it referred to the record of a court in Penn-
sylvania, as evidence of the indebtedness of the
United States to the claimant; next, that it assumed
this indebtedness without having any inquiry made
at, or report obtained from, the Post Office Depart-
ment. All that appeared on the face of the bill was
that a smt had been brought by the United States
against Reeside m the courts of Philadelphia, for
a balance of accounts, and upon trial, the jury re-
turned a verdict for $188,000 against the United
States, m favor of Mr. Reeside. To base a claim
on tins record, would be contrary to the principle
that suit cannot be instituted against the Uni"-d
States, for it would be virtually recognising the lio-ht
of a court in Pennsylvania to award, as m an indi-
vidual ease, according to her peculiar laws a ver-
dict of indebtedness to the defendant upon plain
tiff's snit. J
Mr. DAYTON approved of the bill as it stood
and referred to the concluding words as obviating all
difficulty; which say the Third Auditor shall "certi
ly such debt and settlement to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and require him to pay such sum of
money as shall be found due, if any."
Mr. McDUFFIE saw no propriety m referrine to
the record at all. The object was inquiry into the
validity of the claim, and whatever it was, to have it
certified and settled.
Some discussion ensued on the subject of the law
of Pennsylvania, on the point of deciding by one
trial, whether the indebtedness was on the part of
plaintiff or defendant; in which Messrs. DAYTON,
BERRIEN, McDUFFIE, and BUCHANAN took
part; but this discussion encroaching on the hour
for the special order,
Mr. ARCHER moved to postpone the further
consideration of the subject, with a view of going
into executive session.
The bill was accordingly postponed.
The Senate then went into executive session; and,
after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 3, 1844.
The journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. HALE moved a reconsideiation of the vote
by which Senate bill No. 18 was ordered to be
taken out of committee in one hour and a half after
it should be taken up in committee. He made this
motion (he said) in order that the gentleman from
Tennessee might have an opportunity of making a
speech upon it. He withdrew the motion, however,
at the request of
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL, who desired
to ofier a resolution fixing the 10th, 11th, and lyth
days of June, instant, for the consideration of cer-
tain treaties.
The SPEAKER remarked that the first business
in order was a motion made on Saturday to recon-
sider the vote by which bill No. 177, granting a
copyright to the authors of the Narrative of the
Exploring Expedition, was laid upon the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he was aware of that;
and if it were necessary, he would move a suspen-
sion of the lules, that Kis resolution might be now
considered; but he hoped there would be no ob-
jection.
Objections were made; a>id the question was then
put upon the pending motion to reconsider.
Mr. BARNARD suggested that the motion be
postponed until Monday next.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he hoped the House
would not for a moment consider the propriety of
granting a copyright to anybody; and therefore he
moved to lay the motion of reconsideration on the
table.
A division was called for; and after a short con-
versation,
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his motion to lav on
the table.
The question was then put on postponing its con-
sideration until Monday next, and carried.
Mr. C. J. ING-ERSOLL called for the considera-
tion of his resolution.
Mr. DEAN rose and moved the leeonsideration
of the vote by which bill '268, for the relief of the
heirs of Francis Cazeau, of Montreal, was laid upon
the table, and that the motion be postponed until
Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL again called for the con-
sidcration of his resolution setting apart the 10th,
llta, and 12th ot June for the consideration of trea-
tries between this government and those of Portu-
gal, ^pam, Denmaik, and Great Britain.
Objections were made; and
Mr. INGrERSOLL moved a suspension of the
rules, and demanded the yeas and nays, which were
ordered; and being taken, resulted thus—yeas 78,
nays 84. 1 '
There not being two-thirds in the affirmati\e, the
rules were not suspended.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the rules were sus-
pended and the House resolved "itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. J.
W. Dams m the Chair.)
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee took
up tot consideration the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill. 11
Mr. DICKINSON inquiicd whether it was in
order to take up this bill in preference to the one
standing first in order; which was the bill to estab-
lish a naval depot in the West.
The CHAIRMAN remarked that all appropria-
tion bills had preference over all others.
On the suggestion of Mr. C. JOHNSON, the gen-
eral reading of the bill was dispensed with, and it
was read by sections or paragraphs, with a view to
amendments.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to amend the bill in that
