652
APPENDIX TO THE CONGHESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
penditure—that which -was to profit directly by it.
But here, there is another and moi*e powerful one,
united and acting in concert with it—that which is to
profit indirectly by the expenditure—the tariff in-
terest. The representatives of that interest invaria-
bly vote in favor of every proposition to expend
money, without any reference to the purposes to
which it is to be applied—their object being simply
to make a higher tariff necessary, by which they so
extensively profit, to the detriment of every other
pursuit in the land. This system, in the States, un-
der the- much less unfavorable circumstances to
which I have briefly adverted, led in every instance
to extravagance, improvidence, enormous debt and
taxation—in many instances to bankruptcy and re-
pudiation. Here, it will end much worse; for, in
addition to other evils, it will lead to a frightful in-
crease of executive patronage. Our great shield is
the constitution; and one of the most efficient means
of securing its protection is the veto, which has been
already five times, applied. This brings me to the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
against that feature of the constitution which is a
leading object of whig attack, and the destruction of
which seems to be one of their most cherished pur-
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ad-
ems,] has characterized the veto power as "anti-dem-
ocratic and anti-republican in its nature." In one
sense, the veto power is "anti-democratic"—in the
sense in which me constitution itself is "anti-demo-
cratic;" but he denied it is so in any other. The con-
stitution is anti-democratic, as it withdraws every case
as it arises, from the power of the arbitrary discretion
of a mere numerical majority, and subjects it to in.
flexible, rules, prescribed in advance, before the oc-
casion had arisen when justice and reason had
fair play, and right and wrong were judged of in the
abstract. But so far from the veto power being
anti-democratic in any other sense, its direct tenden-
cy was to sustain popular supremacy. This is ap-
parent when we analyze its character. The veto
does nothing^ affirmatively; its whole operation is
negative. It enacts nothing; all it can do in any
case is to prevent, for a time, legislation; and it can
only prevent it until the people have been consulted
as to its propriety. All the veto does, to speak in
military phraseology, is to enable the President,
when he believes the Congress to be moving in a
wrong direction, to command a "halt," until the
people are heard from. Or, to change the figure,
all it is, is a power in the President, upon a doubt-
ful question, when he believes the popular will has
been violated, to grant "an appeal" from the repre-
sentatives of the people to the people themselves.
And how long can the trial of this appeal be delay-
ed? -The Precedent comes into office on the 4th of
March. The Congress assembles on the first Mon-
day in December thereafter. It is known that very
few laws of any kind are passed until near the end
of the session. Look at the , state of our business
here at this time—only a few laws have yet passed.
Abtfut this time of the year is as soon as a veto can
ever be applied, when there is no extra session of
Congress. In the succeeding four months the great
body of the congressional elections in the States
comes on. In the spring they are completed. In
a little-more than two years, after the earliest ordi-
nary legislation of Congress subsequent to the in-
auguration of the President, the measures of his ad-
ministration are brought directly before the people
in the congressional election. In the fiist place, if the
President should veto a law demanded by the coun-
try, and a majority sufficient should not be found
in Congress to overrule his veto, the people would
take care, at the elections to come on so soon
thereafter, to return a majority that would. And
in practice a bare majority would be sufficient
for t&at purpose; foi no Present ever has vetoed,
or probably ever will veto, a law passed by two
successive Congresses. But, besides this, in a
short time, the subject would come before the peo-
ple in the presidential election; and, if the course of
the President was disapproved, they would elect a
successor who would take a different one. At the
farthest, 1 have shown (said Mr. B.) that this ap-
peal from the Congress to the people will be tried,
in a little more than two years; but in practice it
will generally be tried much sooner. The Presi-
dent, and the first Congress which convenes after
his election, are elected about the same time. Al-
most invariably there is a concuric.ice of opinion
between them. It lias been found, consequently,
that few laws passed by the first Congress are ve-
toed* *it is those of the second which have usually
met that fate—in which case, the appeal to the peo-
ple immediate. The case of President Tyler is
an exception; but that, in every respect, is an ex-
traordinary one. In the first place, he was not
elected President, but came into that office in conse-
quence of a melancholy dispensation of Providence;
but principally, as we all know,,, that, in the presi-
dential election of 1840, there was no common dec-
laration of principles by the whig party for the pub'
lie judgment. He did not say this to make a party
accusation: it was what all candid persons would
admit to be true; and he referred to it only to show
that Mr. Tyler's case was no refutation of the posi-
tion he had taken.
Mr. B. said he had shown that, in the case of a
veto by the President, in a short time the propriety
of it would come directly before the people, whose
decision would be final. In the mean time, was it
possible that the well-being of the country would
suffer? "Whenever a bill is presented to the Presi-
dent for his approval, the question which he has to
decide is between the old laws and the new—between
the laws as they were, and as the Congress would
have them to be. And when the President with-
held his approval, all he did was to leave things in
their then condition. In a case of such doubt as to
impel the President to interpose his negative, and
where two-thirds of Congress could not be found to
overrule it, was it probable that that the country
could suffer? Sir, (said Mr. B.,) I hope our system
Qf laws is not so imperfect, that an eternal tinker-
ing of them is necessary to prevent the public inter-
ests from injury. I am not one of those who think
a frequent change of laws expedient and wholesome*
Nor do I think too great facility should be afforded
to effect it. Wisdom and stability ought to be the
leading characteristic of every system. And the lat-
ter is almost as important as the former. Indeed
I might say no system would be wise, or suit any
country, which was perpetually fluctuating.
Mr. Speaker, the veto is strictly a conservative
feature of the constitution, and the country can
never be in danger of suffering from it. There is
no motive which usually actuates human conduct,
that will impel a Piesident to interpose arbitrarily
his veto. It is no pleasant thing for a President
to bring himself into collision with Congress; and he
never will do it unless compelled by the most im-
perative sense of duty. He never will do it unless
he has the fullest evidence that the popular will hay
been set at defiance by Congress. We would all
come to this conclusion, as the framers of the con-
stitution did, from our knowledge of human nature.
But we are confirmed it by the history of the coun-
try. There is no instance where a veto of a sin-
gle President had not been sustained by the people.
And every one of them, from Washington to Ty-
ler, with the exception of the Adamses and Mr.
Van Buren, applied it. But it may be said public
opinion on those occasions had been controlcd by
the patronage of the executive. In reply, I insist
that Congress, from its greater number, from the
franking privilege, and its more intimate associa-
tion with the people, has greater influence over pub-
lic opinion than the patronage of the executive.
But if the President has so much patronage as to be
enabled to mould public opinion to his will, against
the influence of Congress, it is not because it grows
legitimately out of our system. No; but it is in
consequence of a system of measures—of which this
very internal improvement system is one—them-
selves a violation of the constitution, and only jus-
tified by a most latitudinous construction of that
instrument. The remedy is, not an abolition of the
veto, but a return to a republican construction of
that constitution—confine the government to its le-
gitimate duties, and restore that simplicity which is
its great beauty. Do this, and the President will
possess na patronage whicn. any one need fear;' for
I say, without the fear of error, that the President
possesses but little patronage of a dangerous char-
acter, which does not owe its origin to laws passed
by Congiess in violation of the constitution.
But it may be said that, even in the view I take
of the subject, no injury will result from the aboli-
tion of the veto, as, if Congress passes a law not
approved by the people, they will change their
representatives, and demand its repeal. But there
are a class of laws which carry within themselves
the seeds of their own perpetuation. There are
others which may do a vast deal of mischief before
a repeal could be effected; and there are still others
which we are told are irrepealable. For instance:
in the case of charters of incorporation, the power
to grant which was expressly refused by the con-
vention which framed the constitution, but which
Congress has usurped. In them, the Supreme
Court says, after the corporations have acquired
vested rights, Congress cannot interfere.
But (said Mr. B.) I will not, at this late period
of the session, detain the House with a full discus-
sion of the veto power; although, if time permitted,
this would be a very fit occasion to do so; for the
movement of the gentleman from Massachusetts is
a pa*>t of that continual war upon the veto power
which has been waged by the whig party ever since
it was found to be one of the greatest obstacles to
the accomplishment of their unconstitutional pur-
poses. But for it, most of their measures would
now be irrevocably fixed upon the country; and
among them, the internal improvement system, with
all its blighting and corrupting tendencies, which
has invoked five successive vetoes. The object of
the g#ntleman is to facilitate the reversal of the
veto, while the country is yet unprepared for the
whig purpose of abolishing it altogether; for such
is their purpose. Mr. Clay's proposition^ made in
the Senate in 1842, amounts to that. It is to enable
a majority of all the members to pass a bill, not-
withstanding the President's veto. 1 say that
amounts to an entire abolition; for, after Congress
has once passed a law, and the President has vetoed
it, and it is returned to them, they will invariably
pass it again in vengeance. This every one will
admit who is at all conversant with the history of
Congress, or of the impulses which regulate human
conduct.
Sir, the doctrine has been openly avowed, with
the approbation of the whig party, that, when Con-
gress has oncc passed a law, and it is returned by
the President, it is their duty to pass^it again, with
the view of sustaining legislative independence, and
of resisting executive dictation.* But even this
modified proposition was designed by its great ad-
vocate (the whig candidate for the presidency) as
only an entering wedge, to be followed up by its en-
tire aboluion.f
Nor (said Mr. B.) will I be betrayed into a de-
fence of the President against the attacks which have
been made upon him. The time has not arrived
when he can have justice done him; but it will
come. When the passions of the present hour have
passed away, and reason has resumed her empire,
he will be esteemed one of the boldest of the de-
fenders of the constitution; and his memory will be
cherished with gratitude for much he has done, when
many of those who revile him will be forgotten, or
only remembered to have execrations heaped upon
their names.
"By Mr. Arc-hit., of Virginia, in 1S4*2.
tin liis speech in the Senate of the United States on the
24th of January, 134*2, Mr. Clr.y said:
"There was one concluding remark on the amendment at
present before the Senate with, which he u ould close what
he had now to cay. Although he admitted that the princi-
ples he had laid down \\ ould, if earned ftmly out, lead to
tnc abolition of the veto altogether, os inconsistent with the
fundamental axiom of free government, yet he was of
opinion that this, like other reforms, should be introduced
slowly and with circumspection, without suddenly rushing
from one extreme to another. Before the power should be
utterly abolished, he deemed it prudent that an experiment
should be made in a modified form; and instead of requiring
d majority of two-thirds of both Houses to supersede the
veto of the President, he thought it sufficient to require a
majority of the whole number of members elected."
SPEECH OF MR. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, February 13, 1844—
Upon adopting the rule of the House excluding
petitions in relation to slavery.
Mr. Giddings remarked: That if we were to
judge of the importance of the subject under dis-
cussion, by the talent and zeal elicited during the
debate, we should surely regard it as a matter of
the highest consequence. Indeed, some gentlemen
have declared that it involves the permanency of
our federal Union. In this opinion I fully concur.
1 do not believe it possible to continue this rule,
and preserve the Union for any great length of time.
Yet I have been highly gratified in witnessing the
candid and dispassionate manner in which the debate
has been thus far conducted. Gentlemen have par-
ticipated in the discussion with that forbearance and
kindness becoming statesmen engaged in the exam-
ination of matters of high interest to their constit-
uents and to their country. The subject of slavery
has been examined in the spirit of candor, and gen-
tlemen have treated each other with the same tol-
eration that is exhibited on other occasions. I re-?
