Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Molition Petitions—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
joice that the time has finally arrived when we can
meet in this hall, and compare our views, and ex-
amine the rights of different sections of the country
in regard to slavery, without excitement, and in a
manner becoming those who feel their responsibil-
ity .to the public. This change of feeling I regard
as creditable to the members, and auspicious to the
country. I am not ignorant that all discussion' in
regard to slavery is unpleasant to a portion of the
members. I am also aware that some gentlemen
harbor towards me feelings of unkindness, in. con-
sequence of the position which I .have" hitherto oc-
cupied on this question. But should gentlemen
who follow me in this debate forget the decorum
which is due to the dignity of this body, it shall
not arise from any example of mine. I intend to
speak forth my own sentiments freely, but-I hope
to do so without personal allusions, and withont
personal offence. In the discharge of our legisla-
tive duties, we have reached that point at which we
unfortunately find ourselves divided in opinions
upon an important subject. The adoption or rejec-
tion of the former rule of this House, by "which
the great mass of petitions concerning slavery have
been heretofore rejected, 13 soon to be determined.
I will not now classify those petition s, but will notice
them more particularly hereafter. They have been
characterized by those who have preceded me as
abolition petitions; But what those gentlemen un-
derstand by the term "abolition," we have yet
to learn, for they have not informed us. It is
undoubtedly understood by some to mean the
abolition of slavery in the States; by others, to refer
to the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia;
by others it is understood to refer to the coastwise
slave trade; by others to the separation of the people
of the free States from the support of slavery. In-
deed, petitions for the repeal of any of the laws now
in force within the District of Columbia, relating to
slavery, petitions to prohibit officers of the federal
government from the capture of fugitive slaves, or
against appropriating the national treasure to the
support of slavery or the slave trade, and many oth-
ers, are denominated "abolition petitions," and are
not suffered to be read, referred, or reported upon.
The objections to them are, that they interfere with
the rights of the people of the slaveholding States;
yet no gentleman has attempted to set forth or de-
fine the rights which he considers as encroached
upon by these petitions. Here all our difficulties
arise. Let us once clearly determine the rights of
the several Stales in respect to slavery, and it will
then be easy to say whether such right is sought to
be encroached upon by any particular petition.
These rights of the States in regard to slavery were
fixed by the constitution, and we must resort to that
instrument, to the debates in the convention that
framed it, and to contemporaneous history, "in or-
der to ascertain precisely the character of those
rights. Prior to the formation of our federal con-
stitution each State possessed and exercised su-
preme arid unlimited control over the institution of
slavery within'its own territory. Virginia, in obe-
dience to the will of her people, upheld and con-
tinued it. Massachusetts, in the exercise of her su-
preme power, emancipated her slaves. In the exer-
cise of this act of her sovereign power, she took
counsel from none of her sister States; she acted in
obedience to the will of her people, and set an ex-
ample which was soon after followed by six of the
other original States. The example was well cal-
culated to exert an influence upon the institution of
slavery throughout the Union. Yet whatever may
have Been the effect upon the slaves of the other
States, they could interpose no objection to this
proceeding-of their patriotic sister, for the reason
that she was as independent of them on this subject
as she was of any foreign power.
When the convention that framed the constitution
assembled, the delegates brought with them the
same diversity of sentiment that exists among us
to-day. One portion were hostile to slavery, and
another portion were in favor of its continuance.
There was, therefore, but one mode of disposing of
the question. That was to leave it precisely as it
was, and to let it remain with each of the several
. States. Each State, therefore, retained its whole and
entire power over that institution. They surren-
dered no portion of that power to the federal gov-
ernment. I desire to be understood distinctly on
this part of the subject. I am anxious to ascer-
tain, if possible, the precise point of disagreement
between us. I am anxious to develop the exact
issue on which we are contending; to let the coun •
try know definitely what is claimed by the South,
and denied by the North; and what is claimed by
the-North, and denied by the South.
-I therefore,lay it down as one of the principles on
which our federal constitution was based, that each
of the several States should retain to themselves and
their people, the entire power over slavery which
they had previously enjoyed. In saying this, it is
not my intention to deny the doctrine advanced by
the venerable member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] "that in case of war, when the existence
of our government is threatened, we may then avail
ourselves of that right of self-preservation which is
based upon the law of nature;" and, if necessary to
the publicsafety, may release any portion, or all,
of the slaves in any or all of the States. It is a
power which lies behind all constitutional provi-
sions, and is consequent upon a state of war only,
but has no application in time of peace. It is, I
believe, well understood by military men; it was
practised by General Jackson, General Gaines, and
General Jesup, and I believe by General Scott,
while commanding our armies in the South. They
did not hesitate to sever the relation of master and
slave, whenever they believed the public good de-
manded it. In doing that, they merely exercised
that power which is always attendant upon a state
of war, and which is denied by few, if any. It
therefore forms no exception to the doctrine which
I have asserted, that each of the several States now
holds and enjoys the same power over slavery,
within its own territory, that it enjoyed under the
old confederation; that "Virginia, and each of the
slave States, now holds her slaves as independent-
ly of the other States and of the federal government,
as she does of Mexico, or of other foreign powers;
that the Congress of the United States possesses no
more right than the Parliament of Great Britain has
to interfere with that institution in Virginia, or any
other slave State. On this point, I think southern
men will agree with me. Indeed, I understand this
to be the doctrine for which they contend, and on
which, so far as I am acquainted with the views en-
tertained by northern men, there is an entire con-
currence of opinion.
We will now examine the other branch of the
proposition, and ascertain whether there be the same
unanimity of views among us as exists in regard to
the rights of the slave States.
1 stated that each of the several States retains its
entire power over the institution of slavery, that it
possessed under the old confederation. It therefore
follows that Massachusetts and the free States have
the same supreme and unqualified right to be whol-
ly exempt from the support of slavery, that they
enjoyed under the old confederation; and that Con-
gress possesses no more power than does the Par-
liament of Great Britain, to involve them in rhe ex-
pense, the odium, or the guilt of that institntion.
That this right of the people of the free States to en-
joy their liberty, free from all participation in the
crime of slavery, is as supreme and unlimited as is
the right of the slave States to continue and enjoy
it. I wish to call the particular attention of those
who follow me in this debate, to this right of the
free States, for it is on this point that we differ. If
there be any issue between us, it must be founded
on this particular doctrine. I therefore most re-
spectfully ask southern gentlemen to meet me on this
point. If they admit the correctness of my doc-
trine, let them say so; if they deny it, let them de-
clare such denial in a plain and direct manner. It
is surely time that we should know and understand
distinctly the cause of our controversy; that we
should bring fortli the well defined subject-matter in
dispute, and placc it conspicuously before th( coun-
try, in order that the people may understand and
judge concerning it. In the spirit of kindness I re-
quest them to keep no longer at a distance from the
point in issue; that they will no longer deal in vague
generalities; that they will lay aside all declamation;
that they will cease to denounce abolition, and meet
the matters m controversy by fair argument and dis-
passionate reason. It is unbecoming us as states-
men to occupy our time here contending before the
nation for years, without being able to lay our finger
upon the precise point in controversy. In doing
this, we exhibit an evident fear of approaching the
principle on which we are contending. 1 have for
six-rears sat in this hall, and listened to eloquent
denunciations of abolition. But in that whole time,
I have never heard one of those gentlemen define
what he understood by that term. I have heard the
dissolution of the Union threatened, and all the hor-
rors of civil war depicted in fervent and glowing elo-
quence; but no one' has condescended to inform ua
of the precise cause whiehls to sever the Union,
and to create a civil war.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if we do not possess the
moral courage to examine miftutely and particularly
the cause of contention, I feel that it is our duty to
retire from this hall, and to give place to those who
will not fear to meet these questions upon their true
merits. I, sir, am regarded as an abolitionist. I
have no more objection to the term than Washington
or Jefferson or Franklin had. I care not what name
gentlemen attach to me, provided they do not mis-
represent my principles. Of these I prefer to be my
own exponent; ana I repeat-that, whatever issue I
take with southern gentlemen is based entirely upon
this plain and obvious doctrine of the federal con-
stitution—that this government possesses no pow-
er whatever to involve the people of the free
States in the support of slavery. Here, sir, I
take my stand, where I have always stood since
I entered this hall. For this doctrine I shall con-
tinue to contend, until convinced that it is er-
roneous. I am not to be driven from it by the
cry of abolition; for if it be abolition, then am I an
abolitionist. Neither am I to be frightened from
this position by the cry of fanaticism; for if this doc-
trine be fanaticism, them am I a fanatic. This is
the doctrine which I have maintained in public ad-
dresses, and in private conversation, in my writings,
and in my oral communications on this floor, and
among my constituents. I go not a hair's breadth
beyond it, nor do I stop a hair's short of it. In this
respect, I believe I may say that the great mass of
those called abolitionists agree with me. It is true
that they are muchmisunderstood and much mis-
represented; but I know of none who advocate any
encroachment upon the constitutional rights of the
slave States. It is true that they, and nearly all of our
northern people, hold slavery in abhorrence. They
will on all occasions exert their moral influence
against oppression in all its forms. They regard
that a moral duty, and so do I; and whether I am in
this hall or elsewhere, I can never cease to exert my
moral influence against slavery, wherever that influ-
ence may extend. But, sir, that moral duty teaches
me obedience to the constitution which I am sworn
to support; and while the constitution remains un-
changed, I cannot, either here or elsewhere, exert my
influence to violate it. Nor do the abolitionists ask
or expect such an exercise of the powers intrusted
to us. But they and the whigs, and the great mass
of those within my district called democrats, demand
and expect of us a firm and decided resistance of all
attempts to encroach upon their rights, by involving
them m the support of an institution which they
hold in execration. I am, however, aware, that a
large portion of our people, both North and South,
have been unconscious of the extent to which peo-
ple of the free States have been involved in the sup-
port of slavery. The discussion of all subjects con-
nected with that institution has for many years been
suppressed, both in this hall and among the people.
During these years of silence, this government has
usurped to itself powers never delegated to ii by the
constitution. Southern men have pressed the claims
of slavery upon Congress, and northern men have
quietly and without resistance permitted the gov-
ernment to become the patron of slavery, and
the people of the free States to be made the
instrument of its support. For' many years
the treaty-making power has been in the habit
of embracing, m almost all our treaties with the
southern and southwestern Indians, a stipulation
that they should surrender up, and, in some instan-
ces, that they should be vigilant in arresting and de-
livering up such fugitive slaves as should seek an
asylum among them. For these and other stipula-
tions, the money of the nation, drawn from the peo-
ple of the free States, has been paid in sums that
would astonish northern men if they fully under-
stood the facts. For the purpose of enabling the
owners of southern slaves to regain their runaway
negroes, we waged a bloody and expensive war with
the Indians ofFlorida, in which we expended more
than forty millions of dollars, mostly drawn from the
people of the free States. At the last session of
Congress, we sat here, st an expense of thousands
of dollars per day, legislating for the benefit of slave
traders. We spent oui time, and the money of the
people, to enable slave dealers to carry out their
speculations in human flesh; thus, sir, violating the
constitution, and the constitutional rights of our
people. They have sent their petitions to us,
couched in the most respectful language, asking that
they may no longer be subjected to these abuses.
And what has been our reply? Why, sir, we hftYf
