APPENDIX tfO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb; 1844.
28th Comg 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
thrown , the petitions j back into their faces, and de-
nounced them as abolition petitions, and the signers
as fanatics. Yet, Mr- Speaker, no man has been'
found willing to come forward and meet the subject
upon its merits. No member here, of any party,
either whig or democrat, from the North or from
the South, would hazard his Reputation by saying
that we possess the power thus to apply the. funds
of government to these base purposes. Nor has
any man been foufld who would, take issue with the
•petitioners, and say to them, and to the country,
that they were botind thus to contribute their wealth
to the support of southern slavery; but we have
constantly.heard the same answer that is now urged
against receiving these petitions. That answer, and
the only answer yet adduced, is the cry of "aboli-
tion!" "fanaticism!" "interference with southern
rights!" "Hartford convention!" and "dissolution of
the Union!" I may be permitted to assure gentle-
men that, generally speaking, the people of the
North know their rights, and that such answers to
their petitions will not satisfy or silence them. If
there be any better answer, it should be brought for-
ward; and gentlemen do themselves and their cause
injustice by neglecting to bring it forward. But if
there' be no other answer—if gentlemen who seek
the adoption of this rule, and who have preceded
me in this debate, and those who shall follow me,
are unable to find any other objections to these pe-
titions than such as I have referred to,—I then ask
them if they do themselves justice, on a subject of
such grave importance, by opposing these plain and
obvious truths by mere declamation.
In 1816, a large number of fugitive slaves had
collected within the territory of Florida, then sub-
ject to the Spanish crown. They settled upon the
Appalachicola river, erected their cabins, planted
their grounds, and, with their wives and their little
ones, were enjoying that libeity which the people of
the North prize so highly. They also erected a fort
to protect them. General Jackson, at that time
commanding the southern army, issued his orders
to General Gaines to send a force "to break np their
settlement and to return them to their owners." A
gun-boat was sent up the river to execute this de-
sign. She opened a fire of hot shot upon the fort,
by which the magazine was exploded, and two hun-
dred and seventy men, women, and children were
instantaneously murdered, for no other crime than
a love of that liberty to which they were as justly
entitled as we are. This act was committed by our
servants, acting in our name, and paid with our
funds. Their blood rests on the people of this na-
tion. It was as much the act of the North as of
the South, rfor was this all. During the 25th
Congress, a law was passed giving more than five
thousand dollars to the officers and men who com-
mitted this wholesale murder, and set such a bloody
example before other slaves who were panting for
freedom. Our people have petitioned against fur-
ther acts of this kind; and shall we reject their re-
quests? During the war in Florida, our officers and
men were not only engaged in searching out and
capturing fugitive slaves, but, if official documents
are to be credited, bloodhounds were procured
to aid in that execrable work. Indeed, if the intelli-
gence which we see in the public press be worthy of
credit, officers and men employed in our land, naval
and revenue service, have, within a few months past,
put forth their efforts to re-capture persons fleeing
from southern bondage to a land of liberty. These
facts are regarded by our people of the North as de-
rogatory to our national character; they hold that
our federal constitution was formed to perjietuate
liberty, and not for the support of slavery. They
regard these prostitutions of our national power as
directly involving them in the support of slavery;
and they send their petitions here, praying that
these abuses may cease. These respectful petitions,
addressed to their servants here, are scouted from
this hall and treated with contempt; and the same
cry of "abolition," &c., is raised against them as
against the class to which I heretofore refened.
Yet no man has been found willing to stand before
the nation and boldly assert the right of tllis govern-
ment thus to involve the people of the free States
in these outrages upon the rights of man, or that we
have the constitutional power to involve them in
this war against human nature.
The influence of this nation has been put forth on
repeated occasions to oppose the progress of civil
liberty. Our commissioners at the Congress of
Panama were instructed to oppose all plans of
emancipation in Cuba. Our government also ex-
erted its influence with the crown of Spain for the
same object, in order that southern people may hold
their slaves more securely.
When slave-dealers, with their cargoes of human
beings, have been shipwrecked near the British
islands, in the West Indies, and the slaves have re-
gained their liberty by being accidentally thrown
upon free soil, our President has condescended to
act as the' agent and solicitor of such traders in
human flesh, and, in the name of the people of this
nation, to demand of the British government a com-
pensation, in dollars and cents, for the liberty thus
gained by his fellow men; and when the money was
obtained; he has paid it over to breeders of slaves
and to dealers in mankind.
Such an interest has our executive taken in this
slave trade, that when the persons on board the slave
ship Creole, looking forward to the deep degrada-
tion that awaited them in a southern slave market,
and inspired with that love of liberty which the God
of nature has implanted in the breast of every man,
arose upon their oppressors, asserted and maintain-
ed their rights, to which, as members of the human
family, they were entitled, he demanded of the Brit-
ish crown their value in dollars and cents, as a com-
pensation to men who would have been hanged,
under our own laws, had they followed the same
vocation on the shores of Africa. All these acts of
the government were plain and obvious violations of
our constitution. They were acts unauthorized by
any constitutional provision. They involved - the
people of the free States in the support of an institu-
tion which they abhor. Our people feel themselves
dishonored by them, and have, therefore, sent nu-
merous petitions, praying us to separate this govern-
ment from all further participation in this unconsti-
tutional support of slavery. These petitions were
numerously signed by men of high respectability,
of intelligence and moral worth. And what answers
have we returned to their reasonable lequests? Why,
sir, we have spurned them from us, and have slam-
med our doors m the faces of those from whom we
hold our seats, and whose servants we are. But we
have not possessed the moral courage to say to
them, that we have the constitutional power thus to
involve them in the inexpiable guilt of those acts to
which I have referred. No, sir, we dare not attempt
to justify ourselves by argument. We shudder at
the thought of appealing to reason, for that is hostile
to crime. We dare not rest our justification upon
the force of truth, for that would condemn us. Dis-
cussion would be equivalent to conviction We
have, therefore, refused to speak upon the subject
matter of the petitions. We have shielded ourselves
behind this rule, which prohibits their being read to
us, and then attempted to justify the rule by de-
nouncing all "interference with southern property,"
and declaiming against " incendiary petitions." It
is a most extraordinary fact, that no gentleman who
has spoken in favor of this rule has condescended to
enter upon an argument to refute the propriety or
duty of granting the prayer of one of the several
classes of petitions to which I hove referred; and I
predict that no one who comes after me will attempt
a task so difficult. They will condemn a'l these pe-
titions in general terms and in mass, but they will
not discuss the constitutional]'!y of any one in par-
ticular. Such discussion would lead to an examination
of principles-—a result from which they start back
with horror. I repeat, that those gentlemen who
denounce abolition so loudly and eloquently, can
neither be fldtteied nor provoked to meet us upon
any moral, political or constitutional question in re-
gard to slavery, or which is embraced m any class of
these petitions.
I will now proceed to the consideration of another
numerous clas^ of petitions, all of which are sought
to be excluded by the adoption of this rule. They
all relate to slavei y within this District; some of them
pray for the modification, and some for the aboli-
tion of the slave trade here; others for the repeal of
some one or more of the old laws of Maryland and
Virginia that have been re-enacted by Congress,
and which are now in force within the District of
Columbia; otheif for the repeal of all laws now in
force here which support slavery; and others for
the abolition of slavery generally within this Dis-
trict. If the rule be adopted, all these petitions are
to be excluded from being received or read by the
House.
We have listened to long and labored arguments,
brought forward to show that we ought not to re-
ceive these petitions. The first which I will notice
is that of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Rhett,] who took it upon himself to say that the
petitioners were not seeking the objects prayed for,
but sent their petitions here in order to affect slavery
in the States. I am acquainted with many of the
petitioners, and know them to be men of intelli-
gence; and, in point of character and respectability,
they would not suffer by a comparison with the
gentleman himself. I believe them incapable of
saying one thing and meaning another; and I regard
the imputation as unfounded and altogether gratui-
tous. Other members urge that Congress possesses
no constitutional power to abolish slavery in this
District, and therefore these petitions ought hot to
be received. If the proposition were correct, that
Congress has not the power to abplish slavery
within this District, I should nevertheless regard it
as our duty to -receive-their petitions, and to treat
them respectfully, and to return civil answers to
those who send them to us. They are sincere in
their belief concerning our powers, and they ap-
proach us in the most respectful language; and shall
we throw back the petitions to them, and insult
them by a contemptuous silence' If we differ from
them in opinion, it would be more in accordance
with my views of propriety to receive the petitions,
refer them, and let a respectful report be made,
showing the error into which the petitioners have
fallen concerning our powers. This government is
founded upon the will of the people; and when they
become dissatisfied with it, they have the power to
change or alter it, or the agents employed to carry
it on. It is, therefore, important that every cause
of discontent should be removed from the public
mind.
Other gentlemen appear to think that the peti-
tioners rest their demands merely upon the recep-
tion of their petitions; and that if we receive them,
and lay them on the table without further notice, it
will satisfy the signers. I will assure gentlemen
who adopt these views, that they mistake the senti-
ments of those who thus demand our attention.
They deal in no technicalities. They regard us as
their servants, sent here to do their business and
carry out their wishes; and if we differ with them
in respect to our powers, or in our views of policy,
they expect us to say so frankly, and in a respectful
manner to point out the constitutional principles or
the policy which forbids a compliance with their
requests. They are competent to weigh and judge
of the reasons-which guide our action. They re-
gard -truth as omnipotent, and are willing to bow to
its dictates. They feel that error alone seeks ob-
scurity, and attempts to hide itself behind the si-
lence of mock dignity. If, therefore, we attempt to
dispose of these petitions, by laying them silently
on the table, and refuse to assign our reasons for
the act, it will become their duty to dismiss us, and
to send agents here who possess the moral courage
. to set forth the reasons on which they act.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am desirous of meeting the
great and principal issue which gentlemen have ten-
dered us on this part of the subject, if the ex-
istence of slavery in this District be constitutional—
if it have any legal existence within this ten miles
square—it rnust be by force of our laws. I have
no hesitation in saying that if slavery has a legal
existence here, we then have the same power over
it that we have over the subject of crimes, the col-
lection of debts, or any other municipal regulation.
I regard it as a perfectly clear proposition—one
that is not to be doubted or denied—that slavery is
entirely the creature of municipal law. It is un-
known to natural law, and can on'y exist in direct
violation of it. In Ohio, our people go where they
please, for the reason that no municipal law forbids
the exercise of their natural right of locomotion.
If the colored man, or the white man, be assailed
there, he nwy defend his person and his life, be-
cause there is no law against it. So with a portion
of the people in this District. A portion even of
the colored people here possess these natural rights
of self-defence, and of going from place to place at
the dictation of their own will. Not so with the
five thousand slaves who are held in bondage here.
They possess neither of those rights; and why not1
Because the municipal law has forbidden them to
<-\'r.rr-,ise those rights which God bestowed upon
them.
At a very early period, 'he statute laws of Vir-
ginia, and I believe of Maryland also, authorized
their people to bring to those States ''heathens,"
either by land or water, and to hold them as ser-
vants for life. This 1 believe to be the origin of
slavery in those States. But, under the moral code
of that day, it seems that when a servant became
converted and was baptized, he regained his free-
dom. With these inducements, conversions wers
