€40
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfil
on the tariff.. Well, then, there was the compro-
lilisfe act. Henry Clay was pledged to the compro-
mise act; every Whig speaker in America was
plfedged to the compromise act; and yet the gentle-
men of thstt party had the effrontery now to c<pme
frrwafd ifeid say thai the candidate for the^ presi- '
dency, whb dared to support the compromise act,
was unworthy of the support of the country. Thus,
then, it would be seen that the whigs were changing
their ground on which they ventured before the
people.
He next commented on the remarks of his col-
league, [Mr. Hardin,] on the Oregon "humbug"
and "hobby," as he had characterized it, notwith-
standing it was the advocacy of that "humbug" on
the stump, in Illinois which had given that gentle-
man his seat on this floor.
Mr. HARDIN said he never made any remarks
on the subject of Oregon during his canvass, though
he took the ground that it was ours, and that we
Ought to have it. (Laughter.) He added that the
democratic party Were going to.make a "hobby"
of it.
Mr. DOUGLASS said, then the gentleman was wil-
ling to ride their "hobby." But what were the opin-
ions of the candidate of his colleague for the presi-
dency? Henry Clay, when Secretary of State, of-
fered to give Great Britain the half of Oregon, pro-
vided England would give us the other half; and
Vet the ^eiltieniari [iVtr. Hardin] accused Governor
Polk of being'opposed to the occupation of Oregon.
Now Governor Polk held that Oregon was ours,
and that we should take it and possess it.
Mr. HARDIN asked if Mr. Calhoun had not of-
fered to give up a portion of Oregon?
Mr. DOUGLASS said he was speaking of Mr.
Clay, and not of Mr. Calhouri.g
Mr. HARDIN asked if it was not known that
Mr. Clay made the proposition referred to as a com-
promise?
Mr. DOUGLASS said it was sufficient for hint
that Mr. Clay offered to give up half that territory,
and that was now admitted by his colleage; and
hence there was reason to fear, if Mr. Clay should
become President of the United States—which God
forbid!—he would again consent to give up the halfof
the prolific Territory of Oregon. He then pro-
ceeded to notice other portions of his colleague's
speech in detail, commenting at some length on the
Texian question; in the course of which, he accused
this government of perfidy towards France by the
cession of Texas to Spain. Texas, he said, ought to
be reannexed to this Union; and it should be done
at once, by treaty. As one reason, he said that
Texas was important to us in a military point of
view; and that it was necessary for the protection of
New Orleans and the Mississippi valley. England,
it was rumored, was taking steps to prevent annex-
ation; and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] has avowed that he would not go to war
with England for Texas. He (Mr. D.) differed
from that gentleman. He would give his vote with
more pleasure for appropriations to resist British
aggressions in Texas, than for any 'other purpose
whatever. Great Britain had now numerous pos-
sessions with which she surrounded us; and he
thought that it would be as wise in this count! y to
give up New Orleans as Texas. He spoke at some
length on the importance of Texas to this Union as
a market for our produce, and was continuing the
discussion of that subject, when the chairman an-
nounced the termination of his allotted hour.
Mr. SCHENCK next obtained the floor, and pro-
ceeded to comment on the speecli of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] and the opinions of
Governor Polk, charging inconsistency on the dem-
ocratic party in the support of Mr. Polk, to whom
he attributed doctrines in opposition to protection of
American labor to the amount of one dollar, and
also opposition to the sub-treasury.
Mr. PAYNE reiterated the explanation he before
gave of Governor Polk's opinion on the taxing poor-
er for revenue purposes. Governor Polk, he said,
went to any extent in the exercise of the taxing
power for revenue purposes; but he was opposed to
infractions of the constitution under the pretence of
an exercise of such taxing power.
Mr. SCHENCK proceeded and read from
speeches delivered by Mr. Polk, for the purpose of
showing that he was the advocate of an average of
20 per cent, as the rate of impost duties; and said
they were not informed whether he would even af-
ford incidental protection.
The democracy were about to enter the field in
support of a candidate who was opposed to a pro-
tective tariff. Would they remain true to that prin-
ciple? Suppose a bill were brought forward cutting
down the tariff to the horizontal rate of W pfer cent.,
giving no protection: how many votes would it re-
ceive from.the democratic party?
.Mi;. BELSER Said the view of Col. Polk was,
that 20 per cent, was Sufficient for revenue. The
doctrine of the democratic party was, that duties
should not be laid with a view to protection, but
with a view to revenue.
Mr. SCHENCK proceeded. He supposed, then,
this was but a clap-trap set to catch northern
gulls; and when it was found that 20 per cent, af-
forded protection, it must go down. The democra-
cy avowed themselves opposed to banks. Why did
they not put down the banks of the District, when
the opportunity was afforded to them? When the
question came up, they refused to Vote, or skulked
behind the Speaker's chair.
Mr. S. advertfed to thfe remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] in reference to General
Harrison, and defended him against the charge of
disagreeing with the leading and avowed principles
of the whig party.
Mr. BELSER next addressed the committee, vin-
dicating the democratic party from the charge of
inconsistency.
He went over the prominent principles embraced
in the democratic creed, and illustrated and defended
them—quoting, as he proceeded, the resolutions of
the Baltimore democratic convention, on which he
descanted approvingly. He spoke particularly of
the Texian treaty, and of the position of Governor
Polk, who, with Dallas, he said, would triumphant-
ly carry Alabama, and, in all human probability,
Georgia too, together with all the southern States.
Mr. RATHBUN obtained the floor, but gave
way for a motion to rise; which was agreed to, and
the committee rose and reported progress.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them;
By Mr. MURPHY: Petition of Charles Johnston, who
lias become permanently disabled by reason of exposure on
cuty in the Florida war, 011 board the steamer .Major Dade,
praying that he may be allowed such back pension as he
would hate been entitled if the law of 1837 had not been
modiiied or repeated: referred to the Committee 011 Naval
Atlairs.
13y Mr. BUFFINGTON: Petition of Lucius IIull, of In-
diana county, Pennsylvania, piaying that a patent may be
issued to him for the invention of an artificial marble myde
from lime, subject to the conditions in the petition men-
tioned. xefunedto the Committee on Tatents.
By Mr. WOODVV A.RD* Pioceedings of a public meeting
of the town of Camden, in the State of North Caiolina, in
favor ol the annexation of Texas to the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 4, 1844.
Mr. WOODBRIDCiE, from the Committee on Public
Lauds, reported back, with amendment, the bill referred to
it, authorising the issue of patent* loi certain lands in St.
Augustine district, Florida, the sales of which were not
legularly reported; and recommended its passage.
I\!r. W also imported back, from the same committee, the
House bill referred to it, authorising the entry of certain
lands occupied by branch pilots of New Orleans, Louisiana,
without amendment; and lecommended its passage.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, on behalf ol the Committee on
Commerce, iepoited back the report of the Secretaiy of the
Treasury, recently referred to that committee, lelative to
the substitution ol gas lor oil in light-houses; and asked to
bo discharged lrom its fuither consideration: committee dis-
charge.! accordingly
Mi. ATHKltTON. from the Committee on Pensions, re-
ported back two House bills, one for the relief of Frederick
Hopkins, and the other for the relief of Jane McGuire,
willow of Thomas McGuire, both accompanied by advene
reports- reports ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUGJER presented the memorial and proceedings of
a meeting of the cjti/xns of St. Johns. Colleton district,
South Caiolina, praying for the ieannexation of Texas to
the United Stales: laid on the table
Also a memoi lal from citi/ens of Beaufort, South Caio-
lmi. praying* lor the annexation ot Texas to the United
States: laid on the table.
Mr BATES, lrom the Committee on Pensions, reported
hack the House bill transferring the execution of a certain
act relating to the removal of the pension agencv from Ken-
tucky to Ohio, (Cincinnati.) from the Secretary of the Na-
vy to the Secretory of Wai, and recommended'its passage.
On motion of Mr BATES, the bill was taken up, read,
and passed
Mr DAYTON, from the Committee on the Judiciary, re-
ported back, with amendment, the Pea Patch Island bill,
which was recommitted } esterday. '
Mr. WHITE reported, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, a bill for the relief of Joshua Kennedy, of Alabama,
with an amendment merely filling up the blank left for the
sum.
On his motion, the bill was taken up, and the amendment
was adopted—the bill then taking its place on the calendar.
.Mr, B&RBIEN, from the Committee on the Judiciary, to
which had been referred tlie House bill amendatory of tb#
act relating to the election of President and Vice President,
reported-the same, with amendments; [the effect of which
would be to postpone the operation of the hill till aher the
next presidential election ] The amendments v. ere ornered
^°MrJOHN SON pres&iM the petition of a number ot
citizens of Louisiana, praying for the establishment of mail
routes between the mouth ol Red rivet and New Carthage,
and between Videlia and Frovid??c „c,0Up"?f:
referred to the Committee on the Post Oihce and Post
MrDAY^TON, from the Committee on Public Buildings,
to which was referred the petition of Daniel Pettibone, in
relation to hot air stoves, reported back, trio same,' ana-asked
to be discharged from its fuithei ctfilsidetaiioB: committee
discharged accordingly.
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Affairs. ttf
which had been referred sundry memorials on the subject,
repoited a bill for the payment of certain arrearages said to
be due to the Stockbridge tribe of Indians, and for other
purposes; which bill, at his request, was read a first time, and
orderad to its second reading.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said there were two little bills lor
harbor improvements in lake Michigan, which he hoped the
Senate would consent to take up.
The CHAIR said theie were resolutions offered yesterday
which had presedence of the calander.
The following order submitted yesterday by Mr. Phelps,
was then taken up and adopted:
Ordered, That 5,000 additional copies of the annual report
of the Commissioner of Patents, communicated to Con-
gress at the present session, be printed for the use o£ the
Senate.
The resolution offered yesterday fcj' Mr. Archer was also
adopted, being as follows:
Resulted, That the President be requested, if not incom •
patible with tfie public interest, t<j communicate to the Sen-
ate the corresporldfpce between the late minister of the
United States in Mexico aiid the Minister of Foreign Affairs
of that republic, upon the subject of an order issued by the
Mexican government, expelling all natives ol the United
States from Upper California and other departments of the
Mexican republic; and also the correspondence between the
said American minister and the Mexican, Minister of Foreign
Affairs, Upon the order prohibiting foreigners the privilege
of the retail trade in Mexico, and which has taken place
subsequently td that heretofore communicated to Congress
on the same subject.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Corrimittce on the Judiciary, to
which had been referred the joint resolution relative to a
lot ot ground at Sandusky, in the State of Ohio, asked that
the committee be discharged from its further consideration;
and that the joint resolution be referred to the Committee oa
Public Lands: the reference was accordingly transferred.
Mr WHITE asked and obtained leave, by unanimous
consent, to submit a motion, the object of which was. to
have the three remaining maps, out of the twenty-six ac-
companying Captain Cram's repoit on the subject of im-
proving the navigation of the Falls of the Ohio river, print-
ed along with the twenty-three already ordered to be print-
ed, as it was not, he thought, worth while to have the re-
port incomplete, by withholding these three maps, the cost
of printing winch would not exceed, he understood, severi-
ty-five dollars
No objection being made, the maps were ordered to be
printed.
Several bills and joint resolutions received from the
House of Representatives were taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to appropriate standing commit-
tees
The engrossed bill for the relief of William Elliott, jr , of
Fulton county, Illinois, was read a third time and passed
Also, the engrossed bill authorising the register of the
British baique purchased bj James Wilson
Mr HUNTINGTON moved to postpone the previous
business, with a view of taking up the two House bills. :i40
and 041, making appropriations lor harbor improvements in
Lake Michigan.
Mr. EVANS hoped the previous business would not be
postponed. These were House bills that could be acted
upon at any time
Mr. HUNTINGTON asiuied the senator they would
cause no delay—they would be passed at once
Mr CRITTENDEN would vote for postponing all other
business, with d view of going into executive <-esLion; and
hoped that would be the condition of the motion to post-
pone.
The CHAIR explained that they would be distinct mo-
tions.
Mr.CRITTENDEN would then move to lay the motion
of tie senator from Connecticut on the table- and, if lus
motion prevailed, he would move to go into executive ses-
sion.
Mr. ALLEN, understanding the senator's ob)ect to be, to
la> the motion to postpone on the table, with a view of
going forthwith into executive session, called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. ARCHER observed that nothing would be gained by
this delay; pe haps sometime would be saved by acquiesc-
ing in the motion to postpone, and allowing those bills to
be disposed of.
_ The nuestion \\as then taken on Mi. CRiTriNDK.\N mo-
tion, to lay the motion to postpone the previous business on
011 the table, and it was negatived, yeas 17, nays
The question then lecurnng on the motion to postpone
the previous business: and taken up the House bill entitled,
"An act making appropriations for certain mipiov emints on
the western shore ofLake Michigan,"
Mr EVANS hoped the motion would not prevail A? he
had remarked before, the House bills could be passed any
time: they could all be disposed of within the l^st three
days of the session. Not so with regnrd to the Senate bill*,
which have not only to be considered, and piobalm- many-
debated and amended, but to go to the House, and if there
amended, returned to the Senate. It was best to go on with
the Senate bills on the calendar first.
Mr.HUNTINGTON wished it to be understood that hi«
