CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND KITES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 41.
[Continued from No. 40.]
motion was made with a view of carrying out what had
been begun by the prompt action of the Senate on the two
harbor bills, of which the two small bills now to be dis-
posed of formed a part, but being territorial bills they have
been separated from the large harbor bills. The same
reasons which were urged in favor of speedy action on the
harbor bilk, applied with equal force to these small bills.
Whatever was to be done should be commenced early in
the season, so as to be completed before the winter sets in;
and at this advanced perioa of the year, there was not a
day to be lost
Mr. ARCHER thought there was great force and proprie-
ty in the suggestion of the senator from Maine, as to the
necessity which exists for proceeding first with the Senate
bills on the calendar; and he should at once acquiesce in
that suggestion, if, in the present instance, there would not
beat least some show of discourtesy after the vote just
taken, in refusing to the senator from Connecticut the in-
dulgence which had heretofore been accorded to every
senator who had asked it. He should vote for the senator's
motion now, but with this notice, that hereafter lie would
invariably, at 1 o'clock, move to go into executive session,
and should not yield to any request to waive that motion, no
matter from whom it came, or for what object it was made.
He gave this notice that his refusal should not in future be
deemed a discourtesy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked what necessity there was for
tins haste about these harbor bills? Did not one of those
already passed contain appropiiahons for those lakes'*
Mr. HUNTINGTON said, not for the territory on Lake
Michigan.
Mr. CRITTENDEN could see no reason why this subject
should claim precedence above all other public business—|
even business of great national importance. He certainly
thought there were many bills on the calendar of more im-
portance—bills that probably would demand time to dispose
of. Now, if these two little bills are so perfectly plain and
reasonable that they will pass the moment they are read,
there can be no danger whatever in letting them stand on the
calendar till they are reached in their proper order. Without
some systematic mode of proceeding, it would be impossible
to get through the business in time,particularly if these inces-
sant appeals were yielded to for setting aside the general
orders, with a view of taking up every little favorite meas-
ure of this kind He should vote against the motion. And
he would now give notice that, every day till the business
m hand in executive session is disposed of, he would, the
moment the journal was read at 11 o'clock, move to go into
executive session, with a view of expediting the public
business
Mr. BATES, although favorable to those two bills, would
vote against the motion to take them up now, for he was
averse to any interference with the business to be disposed
of in executive session—business of vastly more importance
than these little harbor bills
Mr. TALLMADGE had indulged hopes that there would
be no sort of objection to passing these bills as part of the
measure adopted in the two general harbor bills already
passed. They were separated from them because they
were territorial bills; and lie thought it was the under-
standing that, as soon as the haibor bills were disposed of,
these little bills would be taken up, and also disposed of at
once, and for the same reasons. They were of much conse-
quence to the commerce ol the lakes, and ought to be acted
upon without delay.
The question was then taken; and the motion to postpone
the previous business was negatived—ayes 13, noes 16.
Mi. CRITTENDEN moved to proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Mr ALLEN suggested that it would be great impolicy,
at this late period of the session, to devote most of the re-
maining time to one subject, to the utlei neglect of all the
unfinished business of the calendar He pointed out many
important public bills yet to be acted upon—such as that
regulating the election of electors for President and Vice
President. Already had the Senate resolved upon nuking
executive business the special order at one o'clock till that
business was disposed of, leaving the hours from 11 to 1 for
advancing the general ordeis. Was it not time enough to
go into executive session at 1 o'clock, upon a subject whreh
now could not last much longer under debate. He did not
believe there was enough of importance attached to the
pending subject (the treaty) to justify the whole attention
of the Senate being given to it, to the utter neglect of all the
other business of the session, now to be settled within the
present and the next week. It seemed to him tobeumea-
sonable to ask the two hours allow ed for the morning busi-
ness to be devoted to this subject The subject (the treaty)
had to be decided this week, or next week; but upon what
particular day could make no possible difference. It would
be as goodto decide upon it one day as another. It was cer
tamly due to the country that its general legislation should
not be suspended so as to compel its being acted upon hasti-
ly, in, perhaps, a single day, at the close of the session.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had precisely the same object in
view that the senatoi from Ohio expressed himself m favor
of—the limitation of the time of the Senate to this question
iji executive session and the advancement of the general
business on the calendar: and he believed his mode of
reaching that object would be most cflectual. He desired
the Senate to devote its time, for a day or two, exclusively
to the matter in hand in executive session; and they would
diepose of it in that way much sooner than by taking it up
piecemeal every day at one o'clock.
Mr. ARCHER was sorry he could not concur with the
honorable senator fiom Kentucky, seeing that his wishes
were so intensely fixed upon his plan of proceeding. But
there were many considerations opposed to such an impe-
rious rule as that suggested. Hitherto, there had been com.
paiatiyely very few House bills sent to the Senate: now
that the session draws to its close, there have been many,
and there will doubtless be many more. It would be very
extraordinary if the Senate would, by its own voluntary
act,preclude itself from deliberate action on these measui es of
grave legislation. These bills will all consume time; thev
may want amendments—in which case they will have to go
back to the House, and be returned to Ihe Senate. Now,
were the legislative functions of the Senate to be annulled,
for the sake of proceeding with one subject, under a mere
arbitrary rule"' There was no necessity ior it. Ample
time for attending; to that subject was provided for by set-
tieg apart each day fiom one o'clock for its consideration,
until disposed of. Whatever might be the disposition of
the Senate in this matter, it would hardly be courteous to
those who expected to enter the debate to-day at one o'-
clock, to be called upon to do so before that hour. He sug-
gested that to-day, at least, the motion should be put oft' till
that time
Mr. CRITTENDEN assured the senator from Virginia he
had no imperious fueling in his suggestion.
Mr. ARCHER disclaimed any imputation of the kind.
Mr. CRITTENDEN certainly did not intend 
Mr. ARCHER admitted that peihapsthe phrase "vehe-
ment desire would have better expressed his meaning.
Mr. CRITTENDEN assured the senator that that vehe-
ment desire resulted from his anxiety to economr/e the few
remaining dajs of the session; and he felt that the best
mode of accomplishing that object was that which he had
suggested
The Senate then went into executive business, and, after
some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 4, 1844.
ROUGH RICE AND TEXAS.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and said he was directed by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report to th^ House a
resolution, calling upon the President of the United States,
if not incompatible with the public interests, to communi-
cate to this House all the correspondence between this gov-
ernment and the government of Great Britain, alluded to in
his annual message, respecting the duties imposed on rough
rice exported from the United States to Great Britain, con-
trary to the treaty of 1S15.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend, so as to call also
for all documents, correspondence, &c., m relation to the
Texian treaty, if not incompatible with the public inter-
ests.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL desired the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to withdraw his amendment, and not therewith em-
barrass the resolution which he had offered
Some conversation ensued, points of order were raised,
and an appeal was taken from a decision of the Chair by
Mr. WHITE.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he feared, if he withdrew his
amendment, they should fail to get the papers and cor-
lespondence in relation to the Texas treaty before the
House, and he would like to have the opinion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Aflans.
Mr. C J. INGERSOLL gave it as his opinion that those
papers would be got before the House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then agreed to withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. WHITE also withdrew his appeal; and
The resolution was agreed to.
THE CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIA-
TION BILL.
Mr. McKAY submitted   resolution fixing 12 o'clock to-
morrow to terminate debate on the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill m Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WHITE hoped one day more would be allowed The
general debate w Inch w as got up yesterdaj would, in all
probability, be continued through this day; and, that there
might be time for the discussion of the provisions of this
bill, he would mo^ e to amend the resolution, so as to fix 2
o'clock on Thursday next for the termination oi the debate.
He hoped the gentleman from North Carolina would accept
his amendment as a modification of bis resolution
Mr. McKAY w ould not consent to accept the amendment
as a modification. The debate yesterday, as far as it pro-
ceeded, had no relation whatever to the bill before the
committee, and he could not consent thus to extend the de-
bate on general politics.
Mr. WHITE made some remarks in favor of his amend-
ment
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama said the sooner they got to
work the sooner they would get rid of the bill, he there-
fore moved the previous question.
Mr. HOLMES moved to lay the resolution on the table;
but his motion w as not then in order—the floor having been
awarded to
Mr HOUSTON, who mode some suggestions in relation
in the amendment",
Some conversation ensued between Messrs. WELLEIt,
C.fJ, INGERSOLL. BARNARD, and the SPEAKER.
Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL moved to lay the resolution on
the table, which was negatived—the vote being yeas 57,
nav s 104
Air. WHITE then called for the yeas and naj s on his
amendment, which were ordered, and his, amendment was
negatived—yeas 66, navs 98
The resolution of the gentleman from North Carolina was
then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved itself into
Committfe of the Whole on th': state of the Union (Mr. J.
W Davjs in the Chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
Mr, RATHHUN, being entitled to the floor, proceeded *o
address the committee, reviewing the arguments of those
who had preceded him in the debate.
Mr. HOLMES raised the point of order, whether, upon a
bill involving, as this did, points of gieat importance w luclr
ought to be discussed.it was in order for the gentleman to
discuss the respective merits of the presidential candidates,
particularly as the time for discussion had been limited.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order, and deci-
ded that, as this course of debate had alwajs heretofore
been tolerated, it could not properl} be considered out of
order at this time.
Mr. RATHBUN proceeded. He glanced at the allusions
that had been made toMr. Van Buren, and the attempt by
the gentleman from North Carolina. [Mr. and
Others, to fasten upon Mr Van Buren the charge of having,
during his administration, saddled upon the counti) a dei t
which he left to his successors to pay Alter vindicating
Mr. Buren, he alluded to the alleged dissensions and divi-
sions in the democratic ranks. They had been denomina-
ted by their opponents a doomed party; but iccently tlut
tune was changed. Their denunciations w ere becoming
mild as a summer rnommg, knowing, as thty could not
help knowing, that their hopes and expectations heretofore
so sanguine, were doomed to inevitable disappointment.
Mr. SUMMERS next obtained the floor, and entered into
the general discussion on parly politics.-which he justified
by the examples which had become a'precedent, rind by
the importance of the contest now approaching. He com-
mented on the action of the Baltimore national democratic
convention, in the sacrifice of Mr. Van Buren, by the adop-
tion of the two-thirds iuIc, whereby the \ oicc of a mrnouty
becomes potential, and then the union of the party on Gov-
ernor Polk, after the desperate coniiict of dimensions \\ Inch
had marked the period preceding his nomination He com-
pared the democratic paity to two slnpwiecked mar-
iners, who were clinging to a plank on the tempest-
tost ocean, each struggling to obtain exciusne posse-
sion to the destruction of the other, as the only medis of
salvation; but, when providentially washed ashore, embrac-
ing each other, and unitedly singing hosannahs in a trans-
port ol joy. He then alluded to the debate of j esterday,
in which Governor Polk's opinions on a protective tanff
were brought into review; and on that branch of the subject
he entered" at great length, distinguishing the Clay and
Frelinhuysen ticket as tlie ticket of the protectionists, and
that of Polk and Dallas as the ticket of tlie free-trade-anfi*
protectionists. He then proceeded to make some iemaiks
on the annexation of Texas, on which he was speaking
w hen his hour expired.
Mr HOUSTON next took the floor and addressed tlie
committee. He exhibited the discrepancies between the
statements of various members of the whig party regarding
the expenditures of Mr Van BuienV administration He
drd not (he said) undertake to defend Mr Van Buren: it w as
not necessary that he should do so; it was sufficient foi him
to show that the statements of their opponents were as
various as the individuals making them.
Mr McCLERNAND next addressed the committee, going
over the prominent political topics which had been intro-
duced into this debate, but dwelling particularly on the his-
tory find character of Mr. Clay, the presidential candidate of
the w hig party. His most prominent topics w ere the ruth-
less dismissals from office under the leadership of Mr (. lay,
after the accession of General Harrison, Ins dictatorial
legislative control; his disregard of the will of the people,
and the violation of the instructions of his State legislatui e
in relation to the infamous bankrupt law He also com-
mented on Mr. Clay's opposition to the annexation of Tex-
as—a meacure which he deemed of inestimable importance
to this country; and on Mr. Clay's position on the Oregon
question, together with his denunciation ol the western set-
tlers on the public lands. With these and main other kin-
dred topics, he consumed the hour allowed to him
Mr. PEYTON commenced by a eulogium upon Ilenry
Clay. That distinguished si<itesm<,n, he sc'id, had t'eeu
characterized In his enemies as a Cn?«ar a Caligula, a
Cromwell, but where was the proof Mr C'la} w asm la-
vorofthe majority rule, but modern democracy was in
favor of the rule of a single man. Who wits the (. wtai ?
who the Caligula? What was the result of the democratic
convention which assembled expressh to nominate Mr.
Van Buren? The result was, that a man w as noniinate'l
who had heretofore been considered, by his own paity,
but a second or third-rate man. This nomination was prob-
ably made with the expectation of securrng the aid and as-
sistance of the old hero of the Hermitage, the nominee be-
ing related to the wife of that venerable man. But with
w hat coriectness they had calculated, would perhaps ap-
pear fiom the fact, that he had himself been triumphantly
elected within a pistol-shot of the Hermitage N&v even
the democrats themselves w ere incredulous as to bis suc-
cess. A member from tlie State of New\ork on this fioor,
had declared in his hearing that there was not the slightest
prospect of Colonel Polk being elected; that he would not
receive the electoral vote of a single State, except perhaps,
of South Carolina, and that would depend upon the caprico
of John C. Calhoun
Mr. STETSON called upon the gentleman from Tennes-
see to designate the member from New York to w hum he
alluded.
Mr PEYTON said he would refer the gentleman to a dem
ocratic frrend of his— Mr Black of South Carolina.
Mr. STETSON insisted on being informed 1) the gentle-
man himself.
Mr. PEYTON said he would not be further interrupted.
Theconvention (continuedMr P.,) nominated—whom? A
man not deemed by his own friends qualified for a much
lower office? They had brought out for the four-mile h-?t
a spavined, ring-boned, spring-halting, broken-winded, boN
tailed pony, to run against the gieat Eclipse. [Laughter
''Your Eclipse never won a heat j et "]
