686
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff~Mr. Rhett.
H. of Reps.
frightened into a silent submission to these viola-
tions of the constitution, by threats to dissolve the
Union. The Union was formed upon the basis of
the constitution; it can only be preserved'by main-
taining the constitution. If, sir, the rights of the
"North, under the federal compact, are to be violated
and trampled upon; if we are to involve ourselves in
the blood-stained guilt of slavery—to be disgraced
before the civilized world, by supporting the slave
trade as the condition, and the * only condition on
which the Union can be preserved—then, sir, we
shall not hesitate in our choice. Our southern
friends may hold their bondmen in subjection,
But they must not enslave the freemen of the North.
If slaves are to be held within this District, they
must be held without our aid. If the master here
continues to tyrannize over his fellow man; if he
continues to hold his brother in subjection, by the
torture of the whip and scourge; if he shoots him
for refusing to surrender at his command, or if he
take his life for defending himself, he must commit
these crimcs without the aid ,or sanction of the peo-
ple whom I represent. Neither our moral nor po-
litical power will be prostituted to the support of
. such a warfare upon mankind. In saying this, I
do hot allude to the abolitionists particularly. I re-
fer to the feelings and sentiments of our whigs, our
democrats, and our liberty men. I refer to the sen-
timent of the great mass of northern men, of all
parties, denominations, and classes. They gen-
erally concur in the wish and determination to
separate themselves from the corruption and dis-
grace of these laws of a darker and comparatively
barbarous rage. There is a tide in public senti-
ment now rolling on, which will inevitably sweep
these laws from existence. That tide is going
forward with resistless force. Demagogues, poli-
ticians, and political partisans are unable to stop
or even,check it in its course. Its progress is
visible to the most careless observer. Each week
bears witness to its increasing power. The changes
in this hall are such as to silence the most scepti-
cal. Nor can political feelings or prejudices drive
from our breasts the feelings of humanity and pat-
' riotism. The great apostle 0** southern slavery may
thunder forth his bulls of excommunication against
his political friends; he may pronounce his political
anathemas against those who act in favor of the
constitution and of humanity; but his denunciations
will prove as useless as they are harmless. His
political friends in this hall will never consent to
continue the traffic in mankind, which is now car-
ried on in this District; for, if we may credit the
reports of the day, there have been more than five
thousand men, women, and children sold and trans-
ported from this District to southern slave markets,
within the year past;and that, too, by virtue of our
laws, passed by Congress, and which we refuse to
repeal. Yes, sir, you may look from those win-
dows, and view the principal slave prison in the
midst of this city of boasted freedom. There, sir,
within its gloomy walls are now sighing and groan-
ing the victims doomed under our law to the slave
markets of the South. Who will estimate the
amount of suffering and wo that exist within its
hated cclls? Count there the mothers torn from
their children; the sister3 violently separated from
their brothers and parents by the execrable dealers
in human flesh; the children forcibly taken from
their parents, and herded together, waiting for the
sailing of the slave ship to convey them to their
gloomy destinies upon tne rice, cotton, and sugar
plantations of the South—and then say whether we
will receive petitions to stop this accursed traffic.
This is all done under the protection of our laws.
For the continuance of those laws, we who now sit
in this hall are responsible. We refuse to repeal
them; we refuse to receive petitions praying their
repeal; we refuse to permit a bill to be introduced
for that purpose; we refuse to discuss the propriety
of their repeal; and will any man pretend that we
are not morally responsible to God and our country
for these hated crimes, committed by our aid5 Sir,
our hands are now dripping with the blood of slaves;
and shall we sit here coolly debating the question,
whether we will continue to stain them with the
blood of these people-? Let me say to every mem-
ber of this House, whether he come from the North
or from the South, that he who refuses to receive
these petitions; he who refuses to discuss this sub-
ject; he who refuses to repeal these acts of Con-
gress, will be held responsible to the country, to
posterity, and to God, for the Grimes committed
under the protection of these laws. [Here Mr.
hour expired.]
SPEECH OF MR. RHETT,
OP SOUTH CAROLINA.
In the House of Representatives, -May 7, 1844.-*~On
the bill introduced by the Committee of Ways
and Means, providing for a modification of the
existing tariff.
Mr. Chairman: The gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Marsh,] in discussing th,e principles of' the
bill before you, treated with ridicule and .contempt
all objections arising from "the constitution. Consti-
tutional scruples, he said, were-exceedingly inno-
cent in their effects. No one had ever entered peni-
tentiaries, mad-houses, or had died, from their influ-
ences. He had never perceived that the constitu-
ion was an impediment to any policy; but whatever
men desired in legislation, they always found to be
constitutional. Such opinions are undoubtedly in
perfect congeniality with the policy of those with
whom he acts. The constitution is, indeed, with
them, nothing. It does not raise—it never has
raised, any obstable to their schemes of appropria-
tion and plunder; and, so far as they are concerned,
it is simply an instrument of power, to be used with
a single eye to their selfish ana sectional aggrandize-
ment. But has it not occurred to the gentleman,
that if his view of the practical administration of
the government be corrcct, we are living under a
despotism? The constitution is nothing but a series
of limitations on power. If these limitations are no
limitations in practice, then the government is with-
out limitations on its powers. And whatisa gov-
ernment, without limitations on its powers, but a
despotism? Despotism is unrestrained power-r-no-
thing else. So thus, by the open boast and ac-
knowledgment of the advocates of a protective tariff,
this government is a despotism, the constitution ex-
ists in vain, and the tariff question before you in-
volves a simple strife of power between those who
are to receive, through the taxes, and those who are
to pay them. This is precisely the result which
those who are opposed to the protective policy al-
ways predicted would be produced, thiough its per-
nicious tendencies. The strained inferences and
constructions, by which alone its constitutionality
could be supported, when applied to other subjects
of the constitution, would be fatal to any limitations
on its powers, and would, therefore, justify any
violation which the avarice or ambition of a majori-
ty might require. Our argument is now proved in
the profligate sneers and declarations of the gentle-
man from Vermont, as it had long since been proved
by the whole scope of the northern policy he advo-
cates. With the absence of all "constitutional scru-
ples," the constitution is gone; and with it goes all lib-
erty. Can he tell when and where, with our race, any
strife for liberty ever arose without "constitutional
scruples?" What brought the first Charles to the
block? What led to the revolution of 1688? What
occasioned our own revolution, but "constitutional
scruples?" Tn his own State, at Bennington, at Sar-
atoga, at Yorktown, on every battle field, wet with
the blood of our revolutionary fathers—what made
their caus# and their glory? "Constitutional scru-
ples" to unconstitutional taxation—the very subject
matter now at issue in this debate. The British
Parliament claimed to be omnipotent over the colo-
nies, in laying duties on their imports—as Congress
now claims to be omnipotent over the States. Our
fathers saw that such a pretension put their proper-
ty at the mercy of a majority in Parliament, as we
now see that the same pretension puts our proper-
ty at the mercy of a majority in Congress. They
took up the "constitutional scruple." They fought
for it; by thousands they died for it; and, that they
may not have fought and died in vain, they framed
the constitution under which wc live, carefully limit-
ing the poweis of the government it establishes to
a few specified objects, that neither their liberties nor
property might be endangered by its administration.
The purse and the sword, armies and navies, they
gave; but these were for our foreign foes. The on-
ly security they ordained for its internal adminis-
tration, in integrity and truthfulness, was the oath
the constitution prescribes shall be taken by all who
administer it. The gentleman from Vermont has
taken this oath, yet he has never seen or known
the influence of constitutional scruples. Let him
sneer and make merry in the profligacy of his cor-
rupt policy; but we will still hold up the constitu-
tion as long as it endures, even in name. It is not
oppression merely that we resist, but unconstitution-
al oppression. It is not the millions exacted from
us, but the right violated in their exaction, that we
oppose. It is for great principles of liberty, consti-
tutional liberty—not money merely, we contend.
And even when demonstrating the injustice of the
protective policy, we aim at proving its unconstitu-
tionality; because we go for our rights, not for rev-
olution. The constitution being made by all the
States, for the common protection and benefit of all,
cannot sanction oppressive privileges, or legislative
robbery, for the benefit of a part. Our "constitu-
tional scruples" forbid such a policy, and demand its
overthrow.
But gentlemen have endeavored to show that the
protective policy is not unjust at all; and therefore
constitutional. As it is' certain that higher taxes
are exacted from the citizen on account of it, that
his property is taken from him to sustain it, they
can hardly stop at a negative point. They admit
its protective influence; but they contend that that
influence in beneficial, because it cheapens goods to
the consumer. This is, at least, a new, if not a
good position; but it is so inconsistent with their
own doctrines, and so false in itself, that we must
suppose argument to be abandoned', and the more
convenient method of fabricating facts and figures is
now their instrument to sustain their flagitious
policy.
The protective policy cheapens goods! and yet,
in their very next breath, after some thirty years of
protection, they declare to us that, without the con-
tinuance of the present protective tariff, the highest
and most comprehensive that has ever been put up-
on the country, all the manufacturers of the Union
will be ruined. A thirty per cent tariff-will be
their desolation! To support this wretched fallacy,
which would disgrace the debating club of a coun-
try sehoolhouse, the Committee on Manufactures
of the present Congress have gravely put forth in
their report several tables. These tables show that
many articles of manufacture at the present are now
cheaper than they were five or ten years ago. Eve-
ry one knows that this must be the case in every
manufacturing nation in Christendom, from the in-
troduction of steam, and the improvements in ma-
chinery daily going on. But why did not the com-
mittee, if they intended to show the truth, run a
parallel column showing the prices abroad? The
reason is obvious. This would have blown up all
their tables; for it would have shown that, although
prices had fallen in the United States, from causes
common to manufactures everywhere, they had
fallen still lower in foreign nations; and that, after
thirty years' monopoly of the domestic market, the
prices of manufactured goods were still, as compared
with the foreign production, as high, if not far
higher, than they ever were: and, consequently, that
the same tribute was exacted from the American
consumers to support them. But to show that this
new doctrine of the effect of a protective tariff to
cheapen goods is untrue, and that its advocates know
it to be untrue, we have only to turn to the report
itself, and read its reasons for laying duties for pro-
tection. "The two great items," says the report,
"which go into productions of all kind, are capital
and labor; and in both of these the foreigner has a
manifest advantage over our citizens. In England
and on the continent, capital is worth only three or
four per cent., while in this country it is worth from
six to eight. European labor costs from 5s to 9s
per week, including board; while in this country la-
bor costs nearly that per day. Under these circum-
stances, how c<m the American manufacturers compete
with those of Europe? We want protective duties
mainly to counteract the influence of cheap capital
and cheap labor." Here the whole matter is dis-
closed; and we have only to meet these sophisters
with their own question, to show the falsity of their
asseition that their policy enables them to undersell
the foreign manufacturer: "under these circumatan-
aes,howcan the American manufacturer compete
with those of Europe?" It is impossible, by their
own showing and acknowledgement, so long as the
prices of capital and labor, which constitute the price
of all commodities, remain unequal—it is impossible,
unless counteracted by other advantages, which
have nothing to do with this policy, that the Ameri-
can manufacturer can sell his goods as cheap as the
foreign producer; and all assertions and pretensions
to the contrary r.re blushless falsehoods. The
American planter and farmer, in spite of the cheaper
capital and labor of Europe, can undersell the for-
eign producer not only in our markets, but in those
of Europe. They must, therefore, expect no aid
from government; and the government can give them
none, to secure to them the domestic market by du-
ties on importations. Protection, in spite of the pro-
fessions of its advocates, with them, can never
