642
CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
It was a match well calculated to excite ridicule. On the
one hand, a man who was identified with all the great read-
ing measures of the'country—a mariwho was every inch a
man—a man who stands a head-and-shoulders higher than
any other man; and, on the other hand, a man -who had no-
thing to recommend him but that he was a protege of Gen.
Jackson.
Mr. SAUNDERS said he had not calculated, when
he entered the hall this morning, to take any part in
the pending debate. He had been willing, whether
profitable or unprofitable, to have left it'to others.
But the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Summers] forced him to say a few words in
reply. The gentleman from Virginia not only ob-
jects to our democratic candidates, but as to the
mode of our selection. Now, sir, (said Mr. S.,)
whatever our friends elsewhere may have had to say
on that subject, he thought our opponents, neither
here nor elsewhere, had any right to interfere. Select
whom we might or in whatever way, it was not ex-
pected to command the approbation of their political
leaders. But (said Mr. S.) he was not surprised at
the opposition of the whigs to the two-thirds prin-
ciple. It was that -great conservative principle, as
engrafted in the constitution, which had hitherto
saved the country from so much mischief at their
hands. It will be recollected the two-thirds princi-
ple was adopted at at the first democratic conven-
tion which nominated General Jackson and Mr.
Van Buren in 1832. At that very Congress the
bill had passed re-chartering that corrupt and cor-
rupting institution, the old Bank of the United
States. It was vetoed by General Jackson; and
because two- thirds of Congress could not be found
in its favor, it did not become a law. What fol-
lowed? Henry Clay and John Sargeant were
brought out as the bank candidates. The result
was, they had not been able to put the old hero
to the trot. Again, in 1841, the whigs, in
opposition to their promises, had passed a bank
bill, which President Tyler had vetoed; and be-
cause they could not command two-thirds of
Congress to pass the bill, they not only wish
to blot out this clause of the constitution, but they
hate and denounce everything that has two-thirds
in it. But the gentleman says our nominations
have not been well received; and he further said he
had received a letter from somewhere in the Old
Dominion, in which the democrats had complained
of the nomination of Governor Polk, and said it
was a whig lie. Now, (said Mr. S.,) he did not
know who the gentleman's correspondent might be,
but he very much suspected he was a whig. But,
(said Mr. S.,) whatever the gentleman's letters may
say, he held one in his halid from a friend in the
metropolis of Virginia, which told a very different
tale. There the nominees had been received with
joy; and at a public meeting, at which our old
friend Ritchie was present, on the annunciation of
the names of the nominees, it was hailed with a
round of three times three hearty cheers. So much
for the nomination of our candidates, the mode of
effecting it, and its reception by the democracy of
the country; and as we ourselves are satisfied, it
certainly does not become the whigs to complain.
The gentleman next asks what we have to say
for our candidate in regard to the tariff. He goes,
he says, for Henry Clay and a tariff of protection.
We go, (said Mr. S.,) for Polk and a tariff for
revenue. The gentleman and his party are for the
loom and the spindle: the democrats are for the
axe, the spade, and the plough. They seek to ad-
vance the interest of the manufacturer alone: we
desire to take care of the interest of the farmer of
the North, the agriculturist of the West, and the
planter of the South. With these objects and de-
signs, we are prepared to go before the country.
But the gentleman from Virginia denounces the res-
olutions recently adopted at a democratic meeting in
Richmond, denouncmg a bank and a protective
tariff.
Now, sir, (said Mr. S.,) he had not expected to
hear a denunciation of such resolutions as these
from that source. Has the gentleman so soon
forgotten the address and resolutions of the great
Virginia whig convention of 1840? Then we were
told that the whigs of that State, and their candidate,
General Harrison, were opposed to a bank and a
tariff for protection. If the gentleman has forgotten
these things, let him consult his colleague, [Mr.
Newton,] who will tell him that in politics, as in other
transactions, honesty is the best policy. But (said
Mr. S.) how long is it since the gentleman has be-
came so warm an advocate for a tarifl? What has
awakened this new-born zeal? Did he vote for the
tariff of 1842? The gentleman says he did not, be-
cause it did not contain the distribution clause.
Then it was distribution, the gentleman wanted, and
not the tariff. Mr. Chairman, what a strange in-
consistency does the whig party exhibit on this sub-
ject! In 1842, not a whig from the States of Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, Georgia, or Alabama, voted
for the tariff, in either branch of the national legis-
lature, save only one in Virginia, and one in North
Carolina. And now, every man of them, save one
from Georgia, vote against every modification of
that measure. Then they went for revenue; now
they seem to think of nothing, and to aire for
nothing, but the manufacturer. And now, sir, (said
Mr. S.,) let me say a word of this distribution bill,
which gentlemen have so much at heart. In 1837,
'38, the whig party had a majority of the legislature
of his Sttate. They then passed resolutions, de-
nouncing, amongst other things, the pre-emption
principles, as robbing the old States for the benefit
of the new. The two democratic senators from the
State voted against the pre-emption bill of 1838.
They went out, and the whig senators from the
State came in; and these gentlemen both voted for
the distribution, containing this pre-emption principle.
And pray, what excuse is rendered for this gross
act of inconsistency? Mr. S. said he found it stated
by a whig paper (the Fayetteville Observer) that
the whig candidate for governor in North Carolina,
and who had been one of those whig senators, that
those pre-emption bills "were as unlike as a mon-
key was unlike a man;" that the democratic bill was
for the benefit of the speculator, whilst the whig
measure was for the benefit of the actual settler—the
poor man. Now, Mr. Chairman, it may be asked,,
why has this subject been introduced here? Mr. S.
would answer, and say why he desired to introduce it
here: because he desired western whigs, who under-
stood this subject practically, to put him right if he
stated what was wrong; for he asserted in their
presence, and challenged contradiction, that, so far
from being the fact, the act of 1842 actually extend-
ed rather than restrained the restrictions of the act
of 1838. The act of 1838 declared that every actual
settler of the public lands, being the head of a fami-
ly, or over twenty one years of age, who was in
possession, and a house-keeper, by personal resi-
dence thereon, at the time of the passage of this act,
and for four months next preceding, shall be enti-
tled," &c., to a quarter section at the government
price. It further requires that the claimant shall
swear "he entered upon the land in his own right,
and exclusively for his own use and benefit;" and if
he "swears falsely in the premises, he shall be sub-
ject to all the pains and penalties of perjury." So
much for the democratic law, which is charged to be
for the benefit of the speculator. Now for the whig
law of 1842: "That from and after the passage of
this act, every person, being the head of a family, or
widow, or single man over the age of twenty-one
years, and being a citizen of the United States, or
having filed his declaration of intention to become a
citizen, &c., and who has or shall erect a dwelling
thereon, shall be authorized to enter," &c. Now,
sir, if there be any difference, it is for the benefit of
the foreigner, and not the poor American citizen. Mr.
S. said he called upon gentlemen from the West to
say, if practically the act of 1838 was more advan-
tageous to the speculator than the act of 1842.
From them he understood there had been no differ-
ence in the operation of the two measures.
Mr. S. said, having thus followed the gentleman
from Virginia, he desired to notice another impor-
tant matter to which that gentleman had referred,
and that was the question of Texas. The gentle-
man commcnced by denouncing the treaty—why, or
wherefore, he did not tell us. He said he was for
annexation at a proper time. Did he tell us when?
No; but he said he was for it when it could be ob-
tained without violating our treaties with Mexico.
He did say, what (Mr. S. was glad to hear,) that he
protested against any interference in this question
by foreign powers. It was a question that belongs
to Mexico, Texas, and the United States alone; that
he was willing to resist any attempt on the part of
England to colonize Texas. Now, sir, (said Mr. S.)
thus far the gentleman spoke like an American; and
he (Mr. S.) would say he was as unwilling to see
England touch any of our soil in Oregon, as he was
to see her take possesion of Texas. But Mr. S.
begged to ask the gentleman from Virginia dis-
tinctly, whether his northern whig friends would
back him in that declaration. He heard no re-
sponse in the affirmative. So Mr. Clay had said he
would go to war, rather than England should take
possession of Texas. Will he tell us, or will any
of his northern friends tell us, if they will sustain
him in that; and whether a respectable portion of
the northern whigs will not say, No?
But Mr. S. would inquire of the gentleman from
Virginia, when was it this new zeal for treaties
was awakened in the breast of his great leader? Did
he feel it in 1825, when he proposed to purchase
Texas of Mexico, long before the independence of
Mexico was acknowledged by Spain? We then had
the same treaty stipulations with Spain, the mother
country, we now have with Mexico. There was a
much stronger effort then making by Spain, to re-
cover Mexico, than there is by the latter power, to
regain Texas.
But (said Mr. S.) he begged to call the attention
of the gentleman from Virginia, and of the commit-
tee, to another important transaction, having a direct
bearing on this question. In 1812, a law was passed
by Congress fixing the limits, and organizing the
government of Louisiana as a State. At the same
session, a bill was afterwards introduced and passed,
extending the limits of the State of Louisiana.
How extending her limits? By including any part
of the territory acquired by the treaty of 1803? No,
sir; but by taking into the State of Louisiana a part
of the acknowledged and admitted territory of Old
Spain'—a territory which had been taken, not by
purchase or treaty, but by conquest—by actual
force. Yes, (said Mr. S.,) this territory, then ac-
quired, as he was informed by his friend from
Louisiana, [Gen. Dawson,] now formed his con-
gressional district. That bill passed the Senate—
where it was first introduced—by yeas 21, nays 5;
and these five were all federalists.* Did you hear
anything then of treaty obligations? of war? No;
and you would hear nothing of it now, but for the
influence of this respectable portion of the Union.
But (Mr. S. said) he desired to understand the gen-
tleman from Virginia, as he did not get through
with his proposition before the expiration of his
hour.
[Here Mr. S. gave way to Mr. Summers for an
explanation.]
Mr. Saunders resumed, and said he thus under-
stood the gentleman, and that was—that gentleman
proposed that the friends of Texas should first pass
a resolution declaring that Texas should be left to
continue or forbid the introduction of slaves into the
States which might be hereafter formed, as they
should think fit; in other words, that we should set-
tic the question in advancc, and not have another
Missouri question.
The gentleman proposes to get up a Missouri
question now, to prevent its arising hereafter "W e
answer—or, at least, he, (Mr. S.,) for one,
denied this power of imposing restrictions to the
prejudice of the South. But if the gentleman from
Virginia is prepared, as a southern man, to bring
forward such a proposition, let him do it; and we
shall see how many of his northern friends will
stand by him. Mr. S. said he very much
feared this was only an effort to embarrass the ques-
tion of annexation, and might be intended to relieve
certain gentlemen from the false position they now
occupied in regard to the question. However that
may be, we shall see and judge for ourselves when
the proposition is submitted. Mr. S. said he should
here leave the gentleman from Virginia; and he had
but a word for the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Peyton.] That gentleman had referred to several old
newspaper documents to prove who had been feder-
alists and were now democrats. He said he intend-
ed to use this, as whig ammunition. Mr. S. de-
sired to give the gentleman a single reference, and
that was to the journal of the House, on the resolu-
tion of thanks offered to Henry Clay, when leaving
the Speaker's chair as a minister to Ghent.
Amongst the fourteen who voted against that resolu-
tion, the gentleman from Tennessee would find the
name of Daniel Webster; now one of the gentle-
man's great whig leaders. Mr. S. said he heard with
regret the gentleman speak in such humble and dis-
paraging terms of James K. Polk. He certainly did
not object to the gentleman's praise of Henry
Clay: but (said Mr. S.) he had thought, as
Mr. Polk had once been the governor of
* A bill to extend the limits of Louisiana. On the que.4ion
shall it pass? Those who voted in the affirmative, weie
Messrs. Anderson, Bibb, Brent, Campbell, Condict, Cutts,
Gilhard. Giles, Gilman, Gregg, Howell. Leib, rope, Smith
of Maryland, Smith of New York, Tait, Taylor, Turner,
Varnum, and Worthington.
Nays.—Messrs. Dana, Goodrich, Lambert, Lloyd, and
Read.—[Senate Journal, p. 9S, December 151*2.]
The bill passed the House of Representatives without
a division: Henry Clay Speaker.
