m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
copper-roof; new floor in basement story,"
chimney tops, trees for Fountain square an<T"
Pennsylvania avenue, and for repairs of fence
at Lafayetie square, Fountain square, and
President's garden  3,177 00
For salary of public gardener - - - 1,^00 00
For flagging in. front, and the court on the
west side of thfvtreasury building • - • 3,655 00
For repairing -damage done to iron pipes by
freshet, and fixing jet d'eau .... 1,800 00.
For repairing-the figure in the tympanum of
the Capitol  200 00
For painting the Capitol  10,000 00
For painting the President's house - - - 4,500 00
For removing Persico's statues from the navy
yard to the Capitol, preparing the pedestal,
erecting the statues, and enclosing the same
with iron railing - - - ~ - - - 1,350 00
For painting, glazing, and whitewashing the
post office 386 00
For furniture for the President's house, to be
expended under the direction of the President,
in addition to the proceeds of sale of such
decayed furniture as he may direct to be
sold 20,000 00
The question was taken on each branch of the amendment
separately.
Mr. ADAMS proposed to amend the first clause of the
amendment, by inserting the following:
"For erecting a monument over the grave of Major Gen-
eral Macomb, $1,000."
Mr. WELLER raised the question whether these amend-
ments could be entertained, being the appropriation of
sums of money for objects which were not provided for by
any existing law.
The point of order, after some desultory conversation,
was overruled, and the amendments offered by Mr. Pratt
were severally adopted.
Mr. tfUNCAN moved to amend that portion of Mr.
Pratt's amendment which related to the furniture, &c., of
the President's House, by adding the foilowiug:
Provided, That no part of that sum shall be expended for
"the purchase of wines and other liquore.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested that Governor Polk, our
next President, did not use wine or liquors of any kind.
The votes were taken by telleis, who repoited 70 in the
affirmative, and 45 in the negative.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WiNTHROP moved to strike out all the latter clause
of Mr. Puatt's amendment, and insert the following:
"For refurnishing the House of the President with arti-
cle* of American manufacture on or before the 4th day of
March next, in addition to the proceeds of the sales of the
pieMsnt furniture, $20,000/'
On this amendment, on division, the yeas were 5 j nays
60: negatived. '
Mr. HARDIN moved an amendment the same as the
above, omitting the words "American manufacture."
On a division the ayes were 63, noes 56.
The amendment was adopted.
The original amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. BARNARD moved the following:
"For repairing the furnaces and reconstructing the same
in the President's House, $900:" negatived.
Mr. HALE moved a reduction of the salary of the Treas-
urer of the United States $7S9 73, which he stated to be
equal to a sum received by him last year, for which there
was no authority by law.
Messrs. WELLRR and DROMGOOLE objected to the
amendment, and produced the law under which that sum
had been received by the Treasurer.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. J. H. INORltSOLL moved to insert, for extra clerk
hire m the office of the First Comptroller, $3,500
On a division there were 67 ayes and 29 noes. No quorum
loimg. 1
Mr. J. R. INGEllSOLL called for tailors; and
Mt">srs B«ejv<;lf. and A. V. Brown were appointed, and
they leportod 90 in the affirmative.
The umemlment was accordingly adopted.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the item of fQ,<200 was
increased to ^<1,000 lor labor, as one of the contingent ex-
penses uf the southeast executive building
Several other amendment* were offered, and negatived.
Mr. J R INlrMtSOLL mo\ed an amendment apmomi-
ahng $'W,000 for the marine hospital at Mew Oilcans, winch
was agreed to.
Mr. DODOE, o! Iowa, moved the following amendment to
come m at the end ol line 311: lor the payment oi J ore-
muh hn.nli, jr., as pel schedule to the Sax and Fo\ treaty,
concluded 11 th of October, one thousand eight hundred and
iorty-two, and the act of Congress of 3d ol March, ] 843 lor
somfdoflar?0 ^ I>lovlslons oi sau5 treaty, lourthou-
Mr DODUE stated that it was impossible for the commit-
tee to vote understanding^- upon his amendment, unless he
couId be peimittcd to make, as he wished to do, a very lew
iemails m explanation of it. The chairman [Mr. D^,s
ol fudi-uwj stated that it was out of order, the gentleman
T Could be allowed to debate his amendment.
[Here Micro was a general cry of "Ik ar him,"and the chair-
man 'aid the gentleman from Iowa, with the consent of the
committee, might make a brief explanation.]
. ir. D. said that the adoption of his amendment had
«,Tre„rn'SSa? eniible a h'ShIy worthy and much in-
T-mtLi  ? t fS rcce«'i! from the treasury of the
for £ ,™H V S"m °f m°^5' tt?icl1 llai1 b<"™ appropriated
which, by an'error of°rthe
to Jeremiah Smith, sr., in-
SSaud u"/''thT °Sf ti™tg°f°rer™enttwasa[o blame' for
ant had been mate to work a great hardship dl Cla'm
thr TrL™ ' c I ™n*UCt"-ofthe late Secretary of
'rrasury, .i, v. Spencer, 411 regard to this mat
ter, has been most extraordinary and inexplicable. He
wrote vto the claimant soon after the commission of the
fraud, and stated-that he could not be paid until another ap-
propriation was made, the former being exhausted; but m
answer to a resolution which he (Mr. D.) had introduced at
an early day of the present session, the secretary said that
no further action was necessary on the part of Congress to
enable Mr. Smitk to draw his money; and at the same time,
informed him (Mr. D.) that Mr. Smith's money would be
paid to him upon the presentation of adequate authority.
Here Mr. D. sent a letter from the late secretary to himself,
in corroboration of this statement, which was read by the
clerk. Mr. D. then went on to remark, that notwithstand-
ing this letter, and the presentation of adequate authority,
still the money was withheld, and would never be paid, he
(Mr.D.) verily believed, unless this apropriation was made.
In the mean time, Mr. Smith had to suffer a loss of most, if
not all, of his real estate, which was perhaps the most val-
uable in Iowa. It had been mortgaged, Mr. Smith relying
upon the money due him from the government for its re-
demption. This he would have received in ample time to
save his land, but for the erroneous and unfortunate pay-
ment of it, as before mentioned.
Mr. D. hoped that justice would now be done, by the
adoption of his amendment. The question was then put,
and the amendment adopted.
Mr. PARMENTER proposed an increase of the appropria-
tion for extra clerk hire m the navy department, from $ ,0()0
to $10,000; but the motion was negatived.
On the motion of Mr. HARPER, several small items of
appropriations were inserted, for covering and enclosing
with rails, and otherwise completing.the Patent Office.
On the motion of Mr. HTJNGERFORD, a proviso was ap-
pended to the item for clerk hire in the Post Office Depart-
ment, to prohibit extra pay to clerks for extra services.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, an amendment was adopt-
ed, for the purpose ol making some provision for various
surveyors' officers, the precise purport ol which was not
heard.
In the item for draw-keepers, oil for lamps, machinery,
&c., for the Potomac bridge, of $5,500, on the motion of Mr.
Kirkpatrick, it was made to include "arrearages! "
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the items for the various
branch mints were changed, so as to assimilate them to
some new estimates which had been received.
Mr. BODGE, of Wisconsin, offered the following amend-
ment: Strike out all between the lines 461 to 465, and insert
the following:
For compensation and mileage of the members of said
legislative assembly, pay of their clerks, including libra-
rian and superintendent of public buildings, printing, sta-
tionary, fuel, lights, and all other incidental and miscella-
neous objects, twenty thousand five hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
Although out of order, Mr. DODGE begged to say that
his amendment was in strict accordance w ith the estimate
of the Secretary of the Treasury. The amendment report-
ed for Wisconsin in the bill of the Committee of Ways and
Means now under consideration, w as but eight thousand
five hundredjind fifty dollars. That sum was entirely inade-
quate.
The legislature of his Territory had asked, by memorial,
for $28,000 to defray the expenses of its session. That
memorial had been reported against by the Committee of
Ways and Means. He sincerely hoped that at least the
amount of the secretary's estimate would be appropri-
ated for Wisconsin. The question wras then taken, and the
amendment lost.
On motion of Mr BOWLIN, the following was stricken
out: "To defray the expenses of carrying into efiect the
provisions of the act of the 3d of March last, for surveying
and suitably marking the northern boundarv line ol the
reservation for the half-breeds of the Sac and Fox tribes of
Indians, to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War, $500." '
Mr. T1BBATTS moved his amendment, authorizing the
purchase of the stock held by individuals in the Louisville
and Portland canal, which is given above.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRIS moved an appropriation of *90,000 'for con-
tinuing the erection of a light-house on Brandywine shoals
on the Delaware river.
Mr McKAY remarked that there was no such work in
progress.
Mr MORRIS said it had been commenced, and the foun-
dation was swept away.
The amendment was negatived.
Several further amendments were proposed to the items
undei the head of "bur\ejs of public lands,'-1 and rejected
'lhe next branch was that entitled "intercourse with for-
eign nations ''
Amendments were proposed by MesMS. C. J. 1NGER-
S*H.L and Bl'I«KR, which were rejected.
Mr HAMMKT mo\ed to insert an item of $6,000, bein«-
the residue oi outfit due to the widow oi Commodore Porter
late minister resident at Constantinople. He said it was but
an act of justice that this sum should be paid,
lhe amendment was rejected by a majority ol 60 to 59
On the motion of Mr. J. li. /NGKKSOLL, on Item of
$9,000 was incited for the outfit of the minister to Brawl
(Mr Wise,) '
The next item was lor outfits of ministers to Bra7il and
Russia, ami of chaiges des artaircs to Portugal and Buenos
Ayres, $27,000.
Mr. WHITE said provision had already been made for the
outfit of the minister to Brazil on ,the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr J. 31. Imjkhsoli.;] and there-
fore he moved to strike out the provision for outfits for min-
isters to Brazil and Russia, and reduce the appropriation to
$9,000.
Some eonversation endued, m the course of which it was
explained that the outfit foi the Brazilian minister made on
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr J. R
Ivofrsoll] was for Mr. wmi, but that the like item in tlfic
clause was for Mr. Profit; and Mr. O. J. IN'ULRSOLL stated
that the present minister to Russia had signified his inten
tion to return.
Mr WHITE, to avoid embarrassment, divided his motion
so as to take the vote, first on striking out the word ''Rim.
sia," and $9,000 of the appropriation.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Brengle and Wood-
ward were appointed. They reported 81 in the affimative,
which was deemed sufficient; and the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. WHITE then propose! to strike out the word "Bra-
zil," and $9,000 of the appropriation.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. HALE submitted an amendment in relation to the ex-
penditure of previous appropriations for sites for marine
hospitals, which, after some conversation in which Mr.
R. SMITH, Mr: FRENCH, Mr. HALE, and others, took
, part, was rejected.
Mr FRENCH submitted an amendment making an ap-
propriation of $75,000 for marine hospitals at Pittsburg, &c ,
which was rejected.
Mr HAMLIN offered an amendment to provide that no
outfit, nor any pay or emolument should be paid hereafter
to any minister appointed by the President until such ap-
pointments were oonfinied by the Senate.
The amendment, after some conversation, and many sug-
gestions to amend, was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN afterwards submitted his amendment, re-
stricted to the outfits of such ministers; but it was again ie-
jected.
Mr. G. DAVIS submitted an amendment to prevent the
payment of compensation to foreign ministers until their ap-
pointment was confirmed, &c. &c. -
The amendment was rejected, and also subsequently in a
varied form.
An additional section was then added to the bill to legal-
ize certain appropriations therein made.
Mr. McKAV moved, a long additional section, making ap-
propriations for deficiencies in the appropriations for the va-
rious departments for the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1844. b
Mr. BARNARD inquired the aggregate amount required
to supply those deficiencies.
Mr. McKAY replied that it would not exced $140,000.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SEYMOUR offered an amendment in relation to
widows' pensions.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. SEYMOUR appealed from the decision of the Chair.
The question being put, the decision of the Chair \* as
sustained.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee rose, and re-
ported the bill with the amendments.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved the amendment which he had
moved in committee, for the purchase of the stock in the
Louisville and Portland canal.
Mr. HALE rose to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his point of
order. 1
Mr. HALE. It is that the amendment is not in order. (A
laugh.) v
The SPEAKER ruled the resolution out of order.
u-nIr' JIBBATTS thenmoved the previous question on the
bill and amendments.
The demand for the previous question was seconded, and
the question being put on the first amendment—viz: that of
Mr. Pollock, providing for the purchase of articles of
American manufacture for the use of the government the
yeas and nays were demanded, and ordered; and being: ta-
ken, resulted—yeas 133, nays 26, as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Bar-
nnger, Barnard, Benfon, Bidlack, James Black, Blackwell,
Boyd, Brengle, Brmkerhoft; Brodhead, William J. Brow n,
Jeremiah Brown Buffington, Burke, Caldwell, Jeremiah E.
Cary, Shepherd Gary, Carroll, Catlin, Chilton, Clinch,
Clmgman, Cranston, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Darrasrh, Garrett
Davis, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry, Dellet
iJickey Dillingham, Douglsss, Dunlap, Farlee, Ficklin
j. FI°rence  French, Giddings, Goggin, Kale, Hamlin!
d Min?> Wr' Ha)'s> Henley, Hernck, floge, Houston,
Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt. James B. Hunt, C J
Ingersoll, Joseph R Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Cave Johnson,
Perlej B. Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lyon,
McLlelhnd, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Joseph
Morris, Morse Owen, Parmenter, Patterson, Payne, Peyton
x> ' Klisha Potter, Pratt, Preston, Ramsey'
£at b"n'TpaJner' CharIes Reed, Reding, Telfe, Bitter
Roberts, Robinson, Rodney, Rogers, Russell, St. John
Sample, ^nter Severance, David L. Sejmour, Simons,
Simpson, Slidell, John T. femitb, Thoma* Smith, Caleb B.
'llnni1' S Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart,
Stone, Strong, Thoma^son, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Jjler, Vance \anmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth,
? Wheaton, White, Williams, Wmthrop, Joseph
A. Wright, and Yost 133. 1 1
4^n„Y!~~BIeSSrS' „ArrinS ™. Atkinson, Bower, Bowlm,
£"fnI V n™' B"rt' ^mpbell, Reuben Chapman, Au-
g« til! A ( tapmnn, tol'b, baniel, Dromgoolef Duncan,
It ™pHOP^n,Si liuba,rd- Hughes, Jameson, Lucas. I urn).:
h kmc">" d' p0ttcr' d"w
The House then adjourned.
foJ,t™"inS petition'! were handed to the reporter hj
the member presenting them:
By Mr. STONE: The petition cf sundry citizens of liar
to'thor^V ? l"tuckJ"'in flU0! °f the annexation of Texas
Affairs referred to the Committee on Foreign
Ph?L> S\h petitions from citizens oj
; Vi ' askm£ Qn extension of the naturalization
law s to -1 years, signed by Lemuel Pavnter, jr , J. B. Stral"-
ctery other^: referred to the Committee on the Jndi-
Memorial of S. F. B. Morse, relating
to the ekctro-magnetic telegraph from the city of Washing-
ton to the city o{ New York. asnmg
^RES"'H; ?.esolutions and proceedings of a pub-
ic meeting, without distinction of party, of the citizens of
JSft TlntT> held onPth/-inh last month! in
w hich it is declared as the sense of the meeting, without a
dissenting voice, -that the treaty submitted by the pJesi^
ofTm <f "i? ?a{cS.' tQ snn™ the Republic
ot iexas to the Lmted States, ought not to be ratified
