June, 1844
APPENDIX 1*0 fffia CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mi
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Bidlack.
Hi of Eeps
mayoralty of the city of Philadelphia. In the year
1831, Mr. Dallas was elected to the United States
Senate, in which enlightened body he ranked as one
of its ablest and most accomplished debaters. At
the close of his senatorial term, he was appointed
by Governor "Wolf attorney general of Pennsyl-
vania, which he occupied until Mr. Ritner's election
in 1835, when he of course withdrew. On the ele-~
vation of Mr. Van Buren, he was appointed envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to Rus-
sia, at which court he remained until 1839.
The whig papers, with admirable consistency,
are now representing him as too conservative, be-
cause he obeyed instructions on the bank question,
although, at the time of the alteration of the consti-
tution of the State of Pennsylvania, they consid-
ered him an ultra democrat of the deepest dye !
My colleague [Mr. Morris] is endeavoring to
create the impression that Governor Polk is in fa-
vor of free trade, at the same time that the very
evidence to which he refers, goes to prove him an
advocate for a revenue tariff. He complains that
our candidate is an advocate for adhering to the
spirit of the compromise, of which Mr. Clay was
the boasted author, and which he advocated in the
Senate, as late as 1841, subsequent to which time
the present law was passed by democratic votes, in
spite of the exertions of some of Mr. Clay's bosom
friends against it.
See his speech at the extra sessioh, 1841:
"Carry out the spirit of the compromise act. Look to
revenue alono for the support of government; do not raise
the question of protection, Which I had hoped had been put
to rest. There is no necessity of protection for protec-
tion." ,
Mr. Clay, in a letter addressed last summer to
the publishers of the "Tennessee Agriculturist,"
held out this pledge to the "free trade" politicians:
"I am so far a friend to free trade a= to think that within
tlie limits of the Union it should be e<ntirely unfettered, and
perfectly equal between all interests and all parts of our
country."
On a still later occasion, Mr. Clay said:
"My opinion that there is no danger hereafter of a high
tan#', is founded on the gratifying fact that our manufac-
tures have taken a deep root. Even now, some branches
of them are able to maintain, in distant markets, successful
competition with rival foreign manufacturers."
In order to disabuse the public mind of the im-
pression which the whigs are endeavoring to make
that Henry Clay is the especial friend and advocate
of a protective tariff, let us refer to his opinions on
that subject, delivered at various times, and in va-
rious ways, since he last came before the people for
their suffrages;
Here are the extracts:
"I never was in favor of duties being sb high as to araofrnt
to o prohibition of articles on which they are laid. I have
thought it best for all interests that there should be compe-
tition."
Again:
"A tariff for that purpose (revenue) ought to be so adjust-
ed as to afford reasonable encouragement to our domestic
manufacturers. To impart to it that character it should be
moderate. I was not in Congress in 1828, and therefore did
not vote for the tariff'of that year. The duties in many in-
stances imposed by the tariff were extravagantly high."
Again, in a letter to F. S. Bronson, dated October
13, 1843," Mr. Clay remarks:
"Alter my return to Congress, in 1831, my efforts were di-
rected to the modification and REDUCTION of the rates of
duty contained in the act of 1S2S. The act of 1S3-2 greatly
reduced and modified them: and the act of 1833, commonly
called the compromise act, still further reduced and madified
them. The act which passed at the extra session of 1841,
which I supported, was confined to free articles. 1 had re-
signed my seat in the Senate when the act of 1842 passed."
"if there be any EXCESSES or DEFECTS in it, (of which
I have not here the means of judging,) THEY OUGHT TO
BE CORRECTED."
Here is an extract from a letter by Mr. Clay at
New Orleans, to a committee of his whig fricnas in
Virginia, dated January 23, 1844:
"The prohibition of the fabrics of foreign countries would
transfer the monopoly to the home manufacturers in the
United States. The true interests ofthe con^umeis aie best
promoted by a competition between the foreign and the na-
tional supply. The inevitable tendency ot that competition
is to reduce prices, as all experience has demonstrated."
In a letter to Mr. Meriwether, of Georgia, dated
October 2, 1843, Mr. Clay held the following lan-
guage:
"Idid not vote for the tarift of 1828, for xchi^h, how u>>\
Mr. VJiN BUR Els, Col. Jhnfon, Col Johnson, M>. I i'rhht,
and othei s of our opponents, did vote And it is remarkable,
that from that period. MY EXERTIONS J>? CONGRESS
HATE BEEN DIRECTED TO THE REDUCTION AND
MODERATION OF TARIFFS. Thus, in 1831, I -support-
fd that tariff which GREATLY MODIFIED AND RE-
DUCED the tariff' of 1828. insomuch that it was supposed
ky reasonable men thai it would or ought to SATISFYTHE
NULLIFIERS OF SOUTH CAROLINA. The next year,
1833, I brought forward the compromise. NEVER
WAS IN FAVOR OF WHAT I REGARDED AS A HIGH
TARIFF. NO MORE REVENUE SHOULD BE LEV-
IED THAN IS NECESSARY TO AN ECONOMICAL
ADMINISTRATION OF THE GOVERNMENT. I
SHOULD HAVE PREFERRED THAT THE COMPRO-
MISE IN ALL ITS PARTS [uniform duties of 20 per cent.]
COULD HAVE BEEN ADHERED TO."
From the Savannah Republican, tfce leading Clay paper o
Georgia.
"WE DENY THAT Mr..CLAY, OR THE WHIGS OF
GEORGIA, WHOSE CANDIDATE HE IS, SEEK por
THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A PROTECTIVE TARIFF;
"BUT Mr. CLAY ADHERES TO THE PRINCIPLES OF
THE COMPROMISE ACT."
Time will not permit a reference to all the evi-
dences which go to show a design on the part of the
whigs, sanctioned and aided by Mr. Clay himself,
to -endeavor to appear "all things to all men."
Might we not well apply to him the poetic language
which the gentleman from Tennessee could not
remember this morning? It runs thus: -
"He wires in and wires out.
And leaves the people still m doubt,
Whether the snake that made the track,
Was going South, or coming back.'"
These extracts, which I have presented, I intend
to place upon record for future reference; and if any
of them are not genuine, let ihem be corrected now.
I pause for a reply. If there are none to deny their
correctness now, let them "forever after hold their
peace." The only one I have ever heard question-
ed, is the extract from the speech in the Senate;
and that I have altered to conform to what the gen-
tleman from Kentucky^[Mr. White] contends for,
not stopping to cavil as to the difference between the
words "principles of the compromise," and spirit of
the compromise—or the words "for] protection,"
or "of protection for protection."
I have said, sir, the present law was passed in de-
fiance of the efforts of some of Mr. Clay's friends,
who wanted to keep the question open for political
capital and political effect. I shall not be required
to bring proof of this to satisfy members who were
m the last Congress. Every one knows the course
taken on that question by some of Mr. Clay's
friends in the Kentucky delegation, and others.
That the Jaw of 1842 was carried by democratic
votes, is as well known as that it has been sustained
by them in this Congress.
"The present tariff (remarks the Fennsylvanion) is not a
'whig tariff,'1 it was not passedby a whig party in Congress.
Jt is the tariff" of 1842; and had all the democratic members
of both Houses voted against it, the bill would have been
lost by a majority of over forty against it in the one House,
and ten in the other. Without the democratic vote, it could
not have been carried; and it is eminently ridiculous to call
it a'whig tariff'," when no less than nine whig senators,
and thirty-six whig representatives, cast their votes against
its passage, the democratic aid being essential to its suc-
cess."
The Richmond Whig, the leading Clay paper in
Virginia, says:'
"The fact that Mr. Clay is more of a free-trade man—ad
vocate as he is, of a wise and reasonable taiiff—than Mr.
Van Buren. is becoming generally known to the people of
the South."
And then goes on to prove it by his letter to Mr.
Bronson.
"What said Mr. "White of Indiana, a zealous whig, from
his place m the Senate7 Why, that 'without the votes of
the opposition, (democrats,) Congress would have to ad-
journ without giving any revenue to the government. For
this aid he thanked them.' The "whig tariff1 was then
passed by democratic votes.
"Here was whig patriotism for you ! With a majority of
forly in the House, and of ten m the Senate, they w ould. by
their own confession, have been compelled to adjourn with-
out the tariff, without providing means to c<)rry on the gov-
ernment, had not the democrats come to the rescue, and
saved them; but now, when it seems politic to do so, the
'same coon' claims all the credit of the measure, and vapors
about, puffing and blowing, that it is their tarift—their
'whigtarift" Theirs, indeed ' If paity is to claim it at all,
it is more properly ours; for without u* it would have failed
utterly."
In order to show the construction which the
whigs themselves have placed upon Mr. Clay's re-
cent speeches at the South, and his recent letters
written for that market, permit me io refer to the
opinion of senator Rives, in his celebrated letter of
the 1st January last. In it may be found the follow-
ing expression:
"On the subject of the tarjff f do not hesitate to say Mr.
Clay's cm-tf, developed in his recent letters, is in eveiy re-
spect as just, as sound, and unexceptionable as that ot Mr.
Van Buren, and his practicc infinitely V otter. Mr. Clay did
not vote for. or approve of the tariff of 16*28, consigned to an
odious celebrity under the name of the bill ol abominations,
which Mr. Van B-uren and las friends cariied by their
rotes."
See also the letter of Mr. Senator Preston, pub-
lished in the National Intelligencer of Apiil 16,
1844, to the same effect, as follows:
"Mr. Van Buren has strength enough to beat his friends,
but not, as we believe, to beat His adversary. Upon what
reason, then, upon what pretext, can our State vote forhim,
and what is to prevent her from giving that vote to Mr. Clay?
The tariff', it is said—the tariff'! the tariff! "Who that is likely
now or hereafter to he elected President of the United States
stands nearer to us on this subject than he? Certainly not
Mr. Van Buren, or Gen. Cass, or Col. Johnson. He has
placed himself on the compromise, which his opinion and
his pride of opinion binds him to, and to which—with the
advantage of position—he would be strong enough to bind
the tariff'party.
"For my part, whenever that compromise is tendered in
good faith, I think the State is bound on the point of honor,
as well as of expediency and sound policy, to accept it; and
I know no other President but" Mr. Clay, \^ho could bring
the legislation of the country to that result."
This brings to my mind the letter of the gentle-
man from Illinois, called out by one from my col-
league, [Mr. Irvin.] According to the evidence pro-
duced by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hardin,]
while Governor Polk was willing, with Mr. Clay,
to range the duties to the rates of the compromise,
he was opposed to direct taxes on the one hand, and
prohibitory duties on the other. In this Governor
Polk not- only agreed with the declarations of Mr.
Clay, the present whig candidate, but with General
Harrison, the candidate of 1840, as I will now
prove:
In reply to the letter of H. W. Foster and others,
of Zanesville, saying to him that
"If it be your opinion that the American system should
be revived, and that a tariff' should bp laid for the purpose
of protecting manufactures and making internal improve-
ments. instead of raising a revenue merely sufficient to
meet the wants of the government, we cannot concur with
you
He wrote the following:
"Zanesville, November 2,1836.
"Gentlemen; X had the honor, this moment,-to receive
your communication of yesterday. I regret that my re-
marks of yesterday were misunderstood in regard to the
tariff system. What I meant to convey was, that I had been
a warm advocate for that system upon its first adoption—
that I still believe in the benefits it had conferred upon the
country; but 1 certainly never had, nor ever could have,
any idea of reviving it. "What I said was, that I would not
agree to the repeal, as it now stands. In other words, I am
for supporting the compromise act, and never will agree to
its being altered or repealed.
"In relation to the internal improvement system, I refer
you for my sentiments to  y letter to the Hoa. Sherrod
Williams.
"I am, in great haste, with great respect, your fellow-
citizen,
trWM. H. HARRISON.
"Messrs. Foster, Taylor, and others."
These were the sentiments of the whig ■ candidate
of 1840, who had, I presume,-the hearty support of
my colleague; but now, forsooth, he cannot tolerate
for a moment the same sentiments in Col. Polk, who
really will have nothing to do with the tariff, as I
consider the question settled. We have as good a
law as we want. This was net the case in 1840. Then
we wished a new law passed. My colleague could go
for a man who would have voted a repeal of the
compromise, but is horified at the bare idea of
supporting a man, who will, if elected really, have
nothing to do with the question, as the law is
already repealed! This is most admirable consis-
tency: the only way it can be accounted for, is by
supposing that my colleague.considers the demo-
cratic candidate honest and consistent, and that he
did not believe his own candidate was. -
In order fully to represent the inconsistency of
the whig candidate for the presidency, it is thought
proper to present the following questions and an-
swers:
Who, just before his recent nomination, trav-
eled through the whole south, electioneering for
himself? Henry Clay.
Who declined visiting Indiana previous to the
State election in 1842, upon the ground that it might
be construed in an electioneering movement on his
part? Henry Clay.
Who visited Ohio on the eve of her State elections
the same year, for the purpose of addressing two
hundred thousand citizens of the Buckeye State?
Henry Clay?
Who has fiercely denounced Mississippi repudia-
tion? Hemy Clay.
Who was the champion of the late national repu-
diation act, alias bankrupt law? Henry Clay.
Who was most active and efficient in favor of the
annulment of Messrs. Blair & Rives's contract with
the Senate? Henry Clay.
Who made a beautiful speech in favor of the
Christian religion during the days of the cholera?
Henry Clay.
Who was afterwards the chief adviser in the duel
which resulted in the death or murder of Jonathan
Cilley? Henry Clay.
