CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 6,1844.
Mr. PIERCE presented the proceedings and memorial of
a meeting of citizens of Baltimore county, Maryland, remon-
strating against the annexation of Texas to the United
States: laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE rose and said, he held in his hand the memo-
rial of a meeting of the Society of Friends, convened from
the States of Indiana and Illinois, and the western part of
Ohio, at Indianapolis, remonstrating against the annexation
of Texas to the United States. The principal ground al-
ledged by the memorialists for this remonstrance, was, that
such annexation would have the effect of upholding, con-
tinuing, and extending slavery in the United States, and of
involving this country in an unjust war with a friendly na-
tion now at peace with us. The memorialists, in a letter
accompanying their remonstrance, advised him that the sen-
timents and language they uttered on this occasion, were
the sentiments and language of the large body of their so-
ciety, consisting of not less than 2&,U00, distinct from a
small body which had separated themselves from the main
body of Quakers, and united with abolitionists. And he
(Mr. W.) would himself undertake to say, that they had not
only spoken the virtuous sentiments of 2o,000 Quakers, but
of a very large portion of the intelligence and-respectability
of the West. He would go further, and undertake to say,
that, within less than eighteen months from this time, these
will be the universal sentiments ofa very large majority of
the citizens of the United States. This portion of the Amer-
ican people had only spoken in advance of what will be the
prevailing opinion eveiy where in less that twelve months.
The annexation of Texas will be a dead question within that
period. He took some pride in being selected as the organ
of presenting this memorial and remonstrance, because
they came from a body of men who, while they possessed
more than ordinary intelligence and enterprise, were noted
for exemplary prudence, integrity of character, and so
briety of conduct—a body possessing and practising all
those virtues of social life, which are best qualified, if he
might so say, to kapjnfy the community in which they dwelt.
They stand up for what they rigorously believe to be right,
whether popular or unpopular, for principles based on vir-
tue—for good government—the friends of order, of the laws,
and of religion. They had, doubtless, errors in theirtenets;
one of which, in his j udgment, was that of non-resistance m
the present condition of the world; but even in this may
they not be only in sdvance of their age and generation; for
who did not see in the advanced march of civilization, the
germs of universal peace and Christian brotherhood, which,
m all human probability, must, at no distant period pervade
all nations? In the present condition of the world, he could
not, however, approve of the tenet which they held of re-
fusing to perform military duty; but the obstinacy with
which they adhered to such'tenets, even suffering imprison-
ment and fine in their support, evinced at least the sincerity
and steadfastness, of their principles. He wished the memo-
rial to be first read, and then the letter accompanying it
The memorial and letter were accordingly read by the
Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that it was a memorial, the na-
ture of which, in his opinion, properly raised the queston of
reception.
The CHAIR remarked that such would be the ques-
tion.
Mr. WHITE hoped not; the memorial had reference to
the prospective effect of adding a new territory to the
Union—not to slavery, as it now exists in the United States?.
Mr. BERRIEN called for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
Mr. WHITE inquired how the question of reception
arose i
The CHAIR explained that according to the usage of the
Senate, the question of reception arose spontaneously with
the presentation of any petition or memorial, the tendency
of which related to the question of savery.
Mr. BERRIEN said that, averse as he was to the introduc-
tion of any discussion whatever on the subject into the na-
tional legislature, yet, believing this paper came within
the rule of the Senate, (which, from its language, he could
not at all doubt,) he felt it to be his duty to resist its recep-
tion. It protested against the continuancy of slavery. It
did not, it is true, ask for the "abolition of'slavery," but it
protested against its continuance; and he could sec no dif-
ference, in effect or principle, between that and abolition.
He should now move to lay the question of reception on the
table.
Mr. WHITE protested against this proposition, acd on it,
he raised the question of order, the memorial having been
read,and thereby received He gave notice that if this motion,
prevailed, he would every day, for the remainder of the
session, raise the question of reception, and debate it
throughout the morning hour.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays on the motion
to lay the question ot reception on the table, and they were
ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose to make a suggestion. He
thought if lus friend from Georgia deliberated for a moment
on the character of the memorial and the memorialists, he
would see that he might, with gieat propriety, withdiaw
his objections The memorialists disclaim being operated
upon by, or acting with, abolitionists. From the beginning
of this* government to the present day, the Quakers have
held the same mild opinions on this subject, and have an-
nuallj-put them forward as their honest convictions. But,
further than this expression of their opinions, they have not
gone They have offbied their advice—nothing more. In
doing this they acquit their consciences, and they are sat-
isfied. They are not like political abolitionists—they stir
up no strife, for they are opposed to strife They oppose
the annexation of Texag because they arc opposed to the ex-
tension of slavery. He did not think that in this, their memo-
rial came within the rule or usage of the Senate which re-
quires the question of reception to be raised. As to discuss-
ing the subject, lie thought, considering the manner in
which it had been handled by our Secretary of State, and
the way in which it had been already debated m the Senate,
[on the Texas treaty,] it was not worth while now to be fas-
tidious about it. He could assure his friend from Georgia
he was no more an abolitionist than he was; but he could
pot see anything in this memorial to preclude its reception.
Mr. BARROW desired to hear the memorial and letter
again read.
They were read accordingly.
Mr. MOREHEAD regretted exceedingly that a question
of this sort should arise in a body which had been hereto-
fore so entirely free from excitement on this subject. He
had risen merely to say that, while he would vote with his
friend from Georgia in upholding the rule which had hither-
to worked so well, he was not able to come to the same
conclusion which he had arrived at, that the object or ten-
dency of the memorial now in question was to strike at the
institutions of slavery as they exist in the United States.
It appeared to him that the memorial applied meiely to the
effects which would result from the annexation of Texas,
and not to the institution which already exists within the
present Union. If the propositions of the memorialsts ap-
plied to the innstitution of slavery as it now exists in the
United Slates, without reference to the effects of adding a
foreignterrity, he would not hesitate a momentin giving
his vote with his fiiend from Geoigia to lay the question of
reception on the tabie.
He, for one, would then be ready to uphold the rule inthe
spirit in which it had always been resorted to. But he could
not think with his friend, that the memorial touched the
question of slavery m the United States; and the rule ap-
plies solely to the existence of those institutions within the
present Union. It could apply to nothing else. Now, the
memorial remonstrates against the annexation of Texas on
the two grounds, that, by this annexation, the slavery which
would come with it would be an extension of what the me-
morialists deem an evil; and that this annexation would in-
volve the United States in a war with a friendly power now
at peace. He understood it as a protest against the introduc-
tion, under our government, of additional territory with
slavery attached to it. It seemed to him to be nothing more
than proper to permit these memorialists to express their
views as to the effects of this measure upon our govern-
ment. He was not disposed to place restrictions upon the
free expression of opinions coming from any citizens of the
United States. He held opinions different from those of the
memorialists as to the effects of the annexation of Texas on
our institutions, but he thought the mannei in which the
memorialists offered their opinions presented a state of the
case altogether different from that which would demand the
application of the rule of the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN found himself very reluctantly placed in
the situation in which he was; but it arose from acting up
to his conviction of what he felt to be his duty. The course
he had pursued would show that he was not disposed to ob-
trude this question upon the national legislature His asso-
ciates knew he had no peculiar views or objects which
could induce him to do so. He had at ail times abstained
from any course calculated to introduce this exciting topic
into councils where they were out of place. There was a
standing rule of the Senate opposed to it; and under a convic-
tion that this memorial came within the operation of that
rule, he had appealed to it. If he had not done so, he should
have fallen short of the performance of a duty which he
owed to the constituency he represented. It could not be
denied that the object of the memorial is to avert the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States, on account of the
effect it would have in upholding, continuing, and ex-
tending the institution of slavery now existing in the
United States. It refers to the continuing and uphold-
ing of slavery in the United States. If the memorialists
had'confined themselves to the simple declaration that,
b) the annexation of Texas, there would be an extension of
slavery, against which they remonstrated, there might be
some force m what had been said of the memorial not com-
ing strictly withmthe rule. But the words upholding and
continuing refer, too obviously to be doubted, to the slave
institutions of the United States. The memorialists not on-
ly declare themselves opposed to the extension of slavery
in the United States by the annexation of 'JVxas, but to the
upholding and continuance of slavery; and this certainly
could not be construed into anything less than hostility to
the institutions of the slaveholdmg States. lie regretted
that this subjcct had been excited into discussion: it was
not his intention that it should; for he had taken it for grant-
ed that, when the question of reception was raised, it u ould,
as usual in the Senate heietofore, be at quiesced in without
debate—the memorial itself so obvioush contemplating nn
interference with institutions and interests &h elded from
such interference by constitutional compact. He maintain-
ed that the memorial wa? within the legitimate operation of
the Senate's own rule, and, entertaining this conviction, he
felt that he only discharged the duty imposed upon him by
his position in the Senate; and he did s-o, not merely m ref-
erence to the effect of agitating tlus subject on the South,
but on the whole country. If the operation of the rule
was to be withheld from this memorial, a door would be
thrown open to the ingress of others that could not fail to
embroil the Senate in discussions of the most exciting and
dangerous character, lie was not to be intimidated by the
threat of reiterating this question every day. He wished to
intercept the first step; but if, on this question, gentlemen
would get up discussion he could not feel himsell nt liberty
to abstain from the expression of his o\v n \iews—leaving to
those who incited it to abide the responsibility of whatever
excitement might ensue.
Mr. WHITE rose; but, observing that it was considered
out of order to proceed, lie remarked that he desiied to be
heard, and, if necossary for that purpose he would alter
this question vas disposed of, offer a resolution on which
he would he entitled to speak.
Mr CRITTENDEN said he believed the object was mere-
ly to receive the memorial and Jay it on the table.
Mr. WHITE said, if he could get at it now, that would be
his motion; but he understood the question was on laying
the question of reception on the table—which he held nut
to he in order, the memorial having been received, as shown
by its being read.
Mr ARCHER, who had just come to his seat, asked the
Chair what was the pending question.
The CHAIR stated that it was on laying the question of
reception on the table. The point of order raised by the
Senator from Indiana was overruled.
Mr. WHITE. Then, to get at my motion, I shall have to
vote against the pending question.
The question was theu taken aiji laj ing the question of re-
ception on the table, (which would carry the whole subject
with it,) and resulted m the negative—yeas 19, nays 24, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Atherton, Bayard, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Buchanan, Fairfield, Fulton, Haywood, Hen-
derson, Huger, Johnson, Rives, Semple, Sevier, Walker,
Woodbury, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Choate, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Francis, Hannegan, Hunt-
ington, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Nilea, Pearce, Phelps,
Porter, Simmons,Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Upham, White, an<4
Woodbridge—24.
The question then recurred on the reception of the .me-
morial.
Mr. WHITE called for the yeas and nays on this question;
but before he sat down, at the request of his friends, with-
drew the call.
Mr. ATHERTON renewed the call for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
The CHAIR stated, that, unless objected to, the question
would be taken jointly on the reception and laying on the
table.
Objection was made; so the question was taken simply on
the reception, and resulted yeas—yeas 27, nays 12, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Buchanan, Choate, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Fairfield, Foster, Francis,
Hannegan, Huntington, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Niles,
Phelps, Porter, Porter, Semple, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tall-
madge, Upham, White, Woodbridge, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Benton. Berrien, Ful-
ton, Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Johnson, Rives, Sevier,
and Walker—12.
So the memorial was received.
Mr. WHITE disclaimed, on behalf of the memorialists,
any responsibility in having been the occasion of the first
division in the Senate upon this subject, or in anything
that had occurred to-day respecting it. He now moved to
lay the memorial on the table, as the matter to which it re*
ferred was not under reference to any of the committees.
The memorial was accordingly laid on the table.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communication from
the Treasury Department, in answer to a resolution of the
30th ultimo, concerning duties on railroad iron: laid on the
table.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from citizens of
Philadelphia, calling themselves native Americans, asking
that foreigners shall be required to prove a residence of 21
years after their declaration of becoming citizens, before
they can be entitled to the rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties, of native-born citizens. In presenting this memorial,
however sorry he should feel to be found dissenting from
the opinions of any of his constituents, he felt bound to say-
that he was far from concurring with the memorialists, as
to the necessity for altering the present law of naturaliza
tion. His conviction was, that foreigners who gave this
country and its institutions that preference which induced
them to make it their permanent residence, oug"ht to be en-
titled to citizenship as soon as they were ready to give sat-
isfactory proof that such was their object. But as it might
be difficult to act upon presumption of intentions, he be-
lieved, on the whole, the law, as it now stood, was best cal-
culated to obviate all difficulties; and he thought foreigners
ought not to object to it, seeing that, in many of the States,
a native citizen cannot remove into them, and enjoy all the
privileges of State citizenship, till after a two years' resi-
dence. The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance, reported,
back, w ith an amendment, accompanied by a report, the
House bill for the relief of Furguson and Reid: report or-
dered to be printed.
Also, several documents relating to the claim of Fearson,
Curshan, and Co., as to the remission of duty on certain
cotton imported from Texas, and destroyed by fire in New
Orleans; and asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same: committee discharged
accordingly.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported back, with an amendment, the House bill for the
relief of John Sands.
Mr. MOREHEAD, from the Committee on Public Lands,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill to rccognise the
sale of public lands m Louisiana in certain cases, and for
other purposes.
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, re-
ported back, without amendment, the bill for the relief of
George S. Gains, and recommended it to be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. TAPPAN. from the Committee on the Library, report-
ed a bill for the establishment of a Smithsonian institution
for the increase of knowledge amongst men: read once, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SEVJKR asked his fnend from Delaware to call up a
little pension bill, which would have to pass the House j et,
and ought not to be delayed.
Mr. EVANS objected to taking up anything out of its or -
del on the calendar
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution for the relief of
David Shaw and Solomon S. Corsu; which was read once,
and oideicd to a second reading
Mr CHOATE gave notice of a bill he would ask leave to
introduce for remunerating Professor Morse for his electro-
magnetic telegraph.
Mr. SEVIER now moved to postpone the previous or-
ders, and take up the hill for the relief of Mai k Simpson.
Mr. EVANS resisted any motion interfering with the gen-
eral orders as they stood on the calender.
Mr B WARD did not know that the objection of one sen-
ator should prevail.
Mr. SEVIER said the bill was for a pension to poor old
Mark Simpson, ol Delaware, and would not consume five
minutes" time
Mr. BAYARD said it had lain over six months already.
Mr. EVANS still objecting,
A division was called for, and resulted--ayes 20, noes 11.
So the previous orders were postponed, and the bilfrwas
taken up, considered, and ordered to be engrossed for a thm|
reading.
