648'
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
.On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Senate went into
executive session, and after some hours spent therein, ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 0,1844.
.The journal of yesterday was read and- approved.
ALLEGED IMPROPER EXPENDITURE OF AN
APPROPRIATION.
Mr. HAMLIN desired to offer. a resolution calling upon
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds to inquire
and report for what the late appropriations made to pur-
chase furniture forthe President's House had been expend-
ed. He said he understood that apart of such appropria-
tions had been expended in the purchase of wines and li-
quors forthe President's cellar.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL objected to the resolution.
Mr HAMLIN moved a suspension of the rules?, to enable
him to offer his resolution; and on that he called for the
} eas and naj s, which were ordered.
Mr. PRATT said, with the permission of the House, he
could give such an explanation as would obviate the neces-
sity of taking the yeas and hays on this motion. He then
proceeded to.explam that there had been no s o .such expend-
itures as the gentleman from Maine seemed to allude to.
After some conversation, Mr. HAMLIN withdrew his
motion.
NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS.
A resolution submitted by Mr. Reding on the 3d of Jan-
uary, which wa« laid over from that day to the present, di-
recting the clerk to furnish each member with such news-
papers as he may want, not exceeding the price of three
daily newspapers, was called up on the motion of Mr. J. W.
DAVIS, who said they had been receiving the newspapers,
and that it was necessary there should be some order made
for their payment.
The resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The following executive communications were presented
to the House by the SPEAKER:
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, ad interem,
transmitting the residue of the information required by the
resolution of the House of the 11th ultimo, in relation to a
statement of the duty collected on certain articles imported
into New York during the month of March, 1844.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury transmitting
lor the information of the House of Representatives, a re-
l'v i< liom Professor Samuel K. B. Morse, announcing the
O'.-mpUtion ot the electro-magnetic telegraph between
u fMimgtun and the city of Baltimore, as authored bv the
0' f ol the 3d March, 1843, to test the practicability ofestab-
J.Mimg a system of electro-magnctic telegraphs by the Uni-
te.! slates; and that the perfect practicability of the system
l p" been fully and satisfactorily established by the work
lor^e^' com* r°ferred to the Committee on Com-
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills and joint resolutions from the Senate
woe read a first and second time, and committed-
An act ior the relief of the heirs of Robert Kulton
.An act to settle the title to the Pea Patch island! in the
hut Delaware.
Ari act declaring the assent of Congress to the State of Il-
linois to impose a tax upon all lands hereafter sold by tile
sale St!"eS"lat Slat°' fr°m an<i aftcr the timo oi
iw'r" ft sWP'emratary to an act entitled an act for the re-
01 VVilham Wj-nn, approved August 11th, 1842
V-iiu ni<''taMhorSi''n? ?e "rnin='~of a canal around the
f.' la ot St. Mary's, at the outlet ol Lake Superior.
An .let ior thr rehei of James Ritchie.
nul o "{..fSSS.SKi
An act l„r the icliei of Benjamin Adams & Co. and others
An tict r< in wiu:< certain nav.il pensions
at New Ori^lni' u''"'f l,r vviUmm'''• Bujs, lato postmaster
An act to continue the pensions of certain widows,
jiiirjiusi"! "'1',""Stoc'','tnmcoll<'c""  ilisti lets, and for other
An oet granting n pension to .James Dullie
An net ranrnniii-fin loin, lis in ihe n,  al seiviee.
An net 111! the relief ol William klhotl, jr „t Fulton
count)', St,,1c ,,i 111,,,,,i9, ' •>' ' m ''""on
Ari ta i io: rein 1"of "Wjllum iiurcn
An ,,ct to au'hon/e the Secretary o( the Tieaslll 1 to L'rnnt
a letter t,. the Blit.sh boat therein m,ntiom-d J
F«'iOT r?'",Wn CUM",ui 8 tl'° ^oi'I'er Kock of Lake
.Resolution suspend,rg the joint resolution, providintr
an II),. priming 01 ai.oition.ll copies of the ]ournals and nub-
indTJ™™" 1 !"S 0i"ti0n wo- ah0 ^ a time
ti.cVr™"1"1'01'. l,° the public lands a],pertaining to
armories at Spiiugheld and Ilaipers fan ! °
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
« ere received fiorn standing com-
to from the Commiifee on the Judiciary
act for t eicl'T7n 'tllpr1."11,from the Senate entitled "An
in as ,,c ', n0ardlm'r. ai'l others, directors of
( "mp'wv ' « ° NPW ?nSlan<  Mississippi Land
same without amendment, and it
Mrivr ?.Gommittei' °r the Whole House.
ported a bm mni™ of Way. and Means, re-
"•aVrSate/"^^"^'^'"VTune? Is^wMch
10 ,he Com-
TbeSPPA C0NTESTED ELECTION.
seat in this House as the representative of the sixth congres-
sional district in Virginia; on which the House had agreed
to hear the contestant at the bar.
The resolution before the House, reported from the com-
mittee, declared that Mr. J. W. Jones was duly elected, and
entitled to the seat.
Mr. HOPKINS reminded the House that it had resolved to
- hear the contestant at the bar, and he moved that the same
privilege be extended to the sitting member; for, under the
rules of the House, the Speaker had no right to speak except
in Committee of the Whole.
_ Mr. ELMER suggested that both the contestant and the
sitting member be restricted to one hour, as were the mem-
bers of this House.
Mr. HOPKINS said the one-hour rule would apply to
those gentlemen as a matter of course.
The motion of Mr. Hopkins was then adopted.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS inquired if he understood the
Speaker to absent to the position that the one-hour rule of
this House would apply to the gentlemen to be heard at the
bar in this case.
The SPEAKER, replied in the affirmative.
Mr. G. DAVIS again inquired if the Speaker decided that
the one-hour rule applied to any other persons than the
members of this House.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. G.DAVIS said if such was the decision, he should
appeal, when the proper time came. [Cries of "This is the
proper time.1'] Well, then, he would take an appeal now.
Mr. JAMESON called for the yeas and nays on the ap-
peal.
Mr. WINTHROP suggested that this was not the proper
time to settle the question. If the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Botts] had spoken one hour and desired to speak fur-
ther, the question would then properly come up.
Mr. HOPKINS said it was due to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Botts] that the question should be settled now,
for his guidance m the arrangement of his argument, though,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] had
intimated, the question would properly come up hereafter.
But on what ground would the contestant be here at all?
On the ground that he was a rightful member of this House;
and hence the rule of the House, while it embraced
the members of the House, would also embrace the gentle-
man himself.
Mr. HALE hoped the one-hour rue, odious at all times,
but particularly so in such a case as this, would not here
be applied. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts]
came here and complained that he was deprived of the seat
to which he was rightfully entitled, and that the people of
that district were deprived of their proper representative,
and he trusted he would be fully heard on the arguments of
his case, and that the decision of the Chair would not be
sustained.
Mr. G. DAVIS said the rule of the House on which the
decision of the Chair was based, applied, in express lan-
guage, to the members of the House exclusively. The rule
was in these words:
"No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question in the House or in committee."
Who was the member of this House from the Richmond
district? Had that district two representatives on this floor >
According to the interpretation ot the Speaker, that district
had two representatives on this floor—a position which it
was only necessary to state to show its absurditv
Mr. HOPKINS inquired if the one-hour rule did not apply
to the sitting member. 11 -
Mr G. DAVIS said it did; but he intend-j1 at the proper
rs^roD of that rui°'m reiati°n tothe
aigument of that gentleman on the ease. There was a con-
test which involved seven hundred contested votes, and
questions connected with the qualifications of those votes
lTn!,'r "i? hllJnan t)eil;s collld properly discuss within one
liour. To enforce such a restriction was a mockery of the
contestant; it was an insult to the claimant of this seat, and
to the gentlemen who voted for him; and if he fMf. G
wnt'sn^'l" P^e, he would scorn to ac^
clm-arter ^T" T, aS ?,"u hour in « matter of this
saying one ^ord!" W° ™lk °U' °f th'S House> without
«V"AML,N- ltwoul(1 he recollected that when the
thP ™ i1n wa,fad°I>tod b>" which the House agieed to hear
d ve?fl ,7na", ^ "sm,a at the bar of the House, he put
voul 1'hel,P1!"'crr10S:lt0ry. Whether the contestant member
^ I i ,r . a Pm'kge or a right hevond that en-
JO) ed by the sitting memhers; and he was then told that no
such right would be given. He believed the Chair was ri-h"
™ ^ <i01,'n1ttl,',t «><> Chair was right noV
m « 0 ,1,1 I ke to hear on what principle ufeaui<v of nor
l.amentary law or of ,us(ice, any man could Joill'here to
contest the right of a sitting member to his seat and claim
thJs! IIoS,i?eCTi°' Se unJU>'ed ^ the sittlnS members of
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis] said if he
was in the place of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr Botts 1
he would reluse to accept a paltry hourS and would turn
round and walkout of the House Tho* i
talked about the great qo^tSS^vo%
and he complained of the application of the hour rule to it'
• ,m fp,aU0}1 tothe one-hour rule, he (Mr. H un ivl
agreed with the gentleman from Kentucky. He never had
oted for the one-hour rule, and never should- but so loivr
as ,t was one of the rules ol this House.it should be S
tamed, and lie should vote to sustain it Did the gentle
man from Kentucky vote for that rule! That gentCIn
said here was a great question attecting the qualifications
o wen hundred voters m one of the concessionalSlots
of Virginia; but had that gentleman forgotten that a case
came up eaily in the pressent session attecting the rilh, ?o
t o,r seats of the mem.,ci of some half dozen States^ and
that hey were limited by the one-hour rule! The ™
t,nZ,l °"S J ourrenc>~' ">«■' tarifl, and others of greaf „a
t onal importance, were also limited by this paltry one hour
^ . H.°w was it, then, that the rights of the voter.
district m Virginia had awoke the svmpathi ™07the ™
'II
but, in this case, th« gentlemen from Virginia alone could
be heard.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired if two hundred and twenty-three
members could not also speak on the questions involved in
this case? Was he (Mr. Hamlin) to shut his mouth, and be
a listener only? He denied that such was the case. Let,
then, the gentleman from Virginia occupy his hour, and if
his argument was such as to require it, he would vote for
an extension of that gentleman's time.
Mr. ADAMS said he hoped this question would he de-
cided upon principle, and not by a party vote. The rule of
the House applied to members only, and could not properly
be made applicable to the parties in this controversy.
While the question of the right to a seat here was pending,
and the House was engaged in deliberating upon it, neither
of the gentlemen claiming the right (though one had been
admitted to a seat) could be considered as a member of the
House, and consequently the rule was not applicable to
them. The Speaker, appearing as a claimant for the seat
which he had been admitted to occupy temporarily, did not
stand in the capacity of a member. He appealed to the can-
dor, the generosity, and fairness of the majority, to place
no restriction upon the parties in relation to the time which
they should be permitted to occupy.
Mr. J. R. INGE11S0LL observed that, if the sitting mem-
ber were to appear at the bar in his capacity of speaker, he
could not be permitted to be heard at all. He would have
no right, as speaker, to say a word. But m this ease, he
was not standing m the capacity of speaker of this House,
nor even in the capacity of a member, but as a claimant for
a seat upon this floor. The spirit of the rule was to prevent
an undue consumption of time—there being 223 members,
who were all entitled to speak upon all questions which
came before the House—and was not applicable to a case
like the present.
Mr. JAMESON said, having no doubt that the decision of
the Chair was right, and being desirous to economue time,
he would move the previous question.
Mr. COBB moved that the appeal be laid upon the table.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were ordered, and
being taken, were: yeas, 102, nays 76. '
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. PEYTON rose to correct an error in the report of his
speech; and, the rules being suspended for that purpose
Mr. P. proceeded to observe that he had no complaint to
make against the reporter: indeed, he was surprised at his
geneial accuracy, when he considered the confusion which
prevailed in the hall while he was speaking. But there was
an error; and it was due to his colleague [Mr. Ca^e John-
son] that it should be coirected. It "occurred in this sen-
tence:
•'Those who held this language respecting the operation
of the tarifl. advocated, like hit colleague over the wav
[Mr. Cave Johnson,] a resort to direct taxation."
He had alluded, not to Mr. Ca\e Johnson, but to another
colleague of his—Mr. Andrew Johnson.
He referred also to another error, where, in speaking of
his competitor at the late election in Tennessee he w as
represented as having said "he was a federalist."
Mr. A. JOHNSON ^aid he hoped the House vouif! alicm
him to make a correction. The gentleman was cqualK in-
correct in attributing to him an advocacy of direct taxa-
tion as he woula have been in attributing it to his colleague
^vir. C. JoiivsoN.] & '
explained. He had not said the gentleman
ad\oeated direct taxation, but that his arguments would
bear that construction,  wun
l ?Ir' f •,,0HNS°N remarked, that what he had said in re-
lation to the subject was, that the States, if required to con-
tribute by direct taxation to the support of the general eov-
ernment, could collect those taxes much more cheaply
of the tanft" S°Vemment C0UU C°1IeCt them b)" means
While upon this topic, he would ask his colleague if his
allusion to him, as having been bred a mechanic, was in-
tended as any disrespect.
l ,^ri' ♦FEJT?N. <"sclaime<l any such intention. He had al-
ii. ♦ ,e ' y statjn? that he did not think his eol-
itSJ m the interests of that class of me
chanics ol which he was himself a member
witMhtexjTaSfiom e*PreSSL'd entirely satisfied
Mr PRESTON KING of New York ros'e, and said he de
Si tb  ° "P0"0"®' explanation. He had not se< n (he
said) the remarks ol the gentleman from Tennessee FMr
th\u0holfl?UWlSh?dtWLnl0rmn-^ b,lt w as informed
E? , ? Tennessee had said on this e.oor
had siirl t^*v?Cra of this House from New York
had said to him, or in his hearing, that James K Polk would
not receive the vute ofa single electoral college exceut «iat
of South Carolina; and that that vote would'deS upon
gentbm™°from TeSnemd"'dUal of that H  ' far the
Ifs hoTop ti Io™e?se1, maJ consider it consistent with
men, and refuseT ."ig'Slfth" perC wasV'T
fhat^m®' b?tVMr' K.) w°llW   ' express Inpinion'"upon
suc"h an ouih'' °" tlUS s°£rTrom Zlnzinmg
stencv of H.T11', m V2",h<lence in the integritv and cm
iw / 5 unternfied demoeracv of this countrv is such
will receive f£ '°,h0Pre and bei"'ve that James K. Polk
gforious u^,le "4/ a ia^ ra™onifo^h« "st^terof °„rur
- cause nothing ior
r>bnation>5courtesy of permitting cv-
Lhonfth 'L } extentcd to gentlemen here
It,- halVi m courtesy would also be extended to T,
desire 1 I em°ual ln reference to annexation, whieh he
table "e Present. tha' H might be laid upon the
Mr a"d'hempmori31 was not recited,
it- 1 ^ moved a suspension of the rules tn
■ilw. JT ofter a res°lution providing that tw o hours be
allotted to each of the contesting parties fur pieSi^
theirargnments to the How, and called for the j eas and
