664
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariffs—Mr. McDowell.
H. of:Reps.
which i ftdld you individually, and o fan £ entire-approbation
of your conduct and depoytmenfas presiding' officer of -the
Hou?e. • rwill add that, in.my judgment, you discharged all
the a^dijous duties of.the-chair with a degree. of liberality,
impartiality, ability, and dignity-, which.-aid honor to your-
self and also totheliody Over which you -pfosided.
'•Very respectfully, yours, &c.,
"JOHN BANKS."
t>a gentlemen expect the confidence and support
of the people for their candidate, for having broken
all the promises which they- made during the last
canvass for the presidency? In 1840 the whig lead-
ers made the following promises:
That they would appoint no nsembers of Congress
to office.
That they would make no removals for opinion's
sake.
That they would reduce the expenditures.
That they would pay off the national debt.
Tbat they would separate the "purse and the,
sword" from the hands of the executive.
That they would make a sound and uniform na-
tional currency.
That they would "regulate the exchanges.,r
That they would raise the prices of produce.
-That they would increase the wages of labor.
That they would "relieve the people."
Not one of- these promises have been fulfilled.
I do not approve of the mode of reasoning resort-
ed to by our opponents; but it was a maxim of the
father of his country, that it Was justifiable to meet
the enemy with their own weapons. 1 have some-
where met with the following, about
TWO DOLLARS A DAT AND ROAST BEEP.
In the-year'eightecn hundred and forty,
The song of promised rehef.
Which was sune to the poor by the haughty,
Was "two dollars a day and roast beef.''
Then the banners were flying and streaming,
To reason the people were deaf,
They went through the universe screaming
"Two dollars a day and roast beef."
Medals, sashes, and badges now flourished,
With portraits.betokening giief:
The wearers hoped they should br nourisfh'd
With "two dollars a "day and roast beef"
The woodchuck, the skunk, and the coon, too,
And the fox, that inveterate thief,
Lent their skins to the whigs, with this tune, too—
"Twe dollars a day a day and roast beef."
They swiggM and they guzzled hard cider,
In masses beyond all belief;
'Mid the fumes, their months opened wider—
•'Two dollars a day and roa<t beef!"
The star then above the horizon
Was soon overshadow'd with grief;
For the people have never set eyes on
"Two dollars a day and roast beef."
The pledges were broken—truth banishjd
"Where now was the promised relief J
The dream of "two dollars" had vanished,
And also the hope ot "roast heel."
My democratic friend from Ohio [Mr. Duncan]
having presented the banners under which you
"stooped to conquer" in the last contest, I will 'not
stop to comment upon them; but will refer you to
the Young Hickory, under whose branches the de-
mocracy will rally, and go forth to certain victory.
Four members of Congress received cabinet offi-
ces on the very day General Harrison was inaugu-
rated; and the number since appointed and con-
firmed by the Senate, is probably greater than was
appointed in the same time by any former adminis-
tration.
More removals have been made on account of po-
litical principles, than under any former President.
Mr. Granger, the new whig Postmaster General,
boasted of having removed 1,700 postmasters du-
ring the six months he was in office, (being at the
rate of about 100 per day,) and declared that he
would have removed 1,700 more, had he held the
office six months longer.
The expenditures during Mr. Van Buren's last
year were $22,351,147. During the first year of
the "retrenchment" whigs, they were $26,394,243;
and during the next two years, averaged near &25,-
000,000 ! !!
The national debt, when Mr. Van Buren retired,
was about $5,000,000. Now it is over (>25,000,000!
And had not President Tyler interposed his veto, it
would have been near $50,000,000.
Under Mr. Van Buren, a law was passed impo-
sing a fine and penalty on all officers who used the
public moneys for private purposes; and thus effec-
tually beparated what the whigs call the "purse
and sword." This law the whigs forthwith repeal-
ed, and provided no substitute. So that the "purse
and sword," if their own representations were cor-
rect, are still in the hands of the President.
The currency is more sound and uniform than it
was at any time during the existence of the national'
bank—but no thanks to the whig Congress.. It re-
jected a bill requiring the banks in the District to re-
sume specie payments, and repealed an act which
Mr. Clay admitted would furnish "the best redeem-
able currency in the, world."
The exchanges are also more favorable than they
were under the regulation of the national bank; but
not in consequence of anything done by the whig
Congress. They have been "regulated" chiefly by
the resumption of specie payments, and the increased
coinage and circulation of gold, which the whig
leaders everywhere opposed.
Most, if not all, their promises were violated in
like manner, and for these "breaches of promise" they
will be convicted and condemned by the people—
the high court of error and appeals—at the fall ses-
sions, which are to be convened throughout the cir-
cuit of the Union for the purpose of their trial, and
from which tribunal they cannot hope to escape.
SPEECH OF MR. McDOWELL,
OF OHIO,
In-the House of Representatives, May 3, 1844.
The bill reported by Mr. McKay from the Com-
mittee of Wa;ys and Means, to alter, modify, and
amend the tariff act of 1842, (Mr. Hopkins in the
chair,) being under consideration before the House
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—
Mr. McDOWELL said:
Mr. Chairman: I have listened with profound at-
tention to the arguments of gentlemen who have
preceded me in this discussion, and I have en-
deavored to weigh them with impartiality; and but
for the relations which I sustain to a portion of the
great agricultural West, and the close and intimate
connection of their interests with the principles in-
volved in this bill, I should have adopted the course
which I pursued at the early stages of this session,
of awaiting the result, and casting a silent vote. Bui,
sir, if I rightly understand the objects of this hill—if
I properly apprehend its operation upon the country—
it holds out a great inducement, not only for my
vote, but for my voice in its defence. It proposes a
reduction of the burdens imposed by the present
tariff law upon the great agricultural interest of the
country, in which the intelligent people I have the
honor to represent are embraced. To the success
of such a proposition that class would look with the
greatest solicitude, because its profiis are less in
proportion to the capital and labor employed, and
more hardly obtained, than those of any other class
within the limits of the Union. Their labor is the
capital of the country, upon which the prosperity
and happiness of all other classes depend; hut
when we look to the course of legislation heretofore
pursued in regard to its interests, and recollect the
various methods devised by almost all other classes
and professions to draw from the agricultural class
an undue proportion of its earnings for their own
aggrandizement, and to shift the burdens of taxation
from their own shoulders to this great class, the
wonder is that it has a spark of vitality left, or the
patience to bear the tortures that have been, and are
still inflicted upon it.
Unlike any other class, however, the agricultural,
without complaint, maintains all the burdens im-
posed upon it by the government, nor suffers abate-
ment of its sturdy integrity or independence
While under the deepest pecuniary embarrassment
and depression, it looks to no aid but its own right
arm, to no resource but its own productive power
for alleviation Patience, industry, and economy,
are its household woids; and although depressed in
its energies, or crushed for a time by the extortions
of the government and the combination of all other
classes, yet, through the steady exercise of its in-
domitable perseverance and recuperative strength,
it rises, phoenix-like, from the dust, with health, and
prospetity, and healing in its wings. In its pros-
perity all other interests are restored, while often, in
the oppressive task of sustaining the impositions of
legislation, it suffers alone.
The bill now under consideration, Mr. Chairman,
proposes various modifications in the principles and
details of the existing law. and notwithstanding the
care with which it has been matured, there are yet
many imperfections in its provisions and details.
There are many imported articles entering into the
general consumption of the country, which have be-
come necessaries of life, and upon which, though
the duties levied by this bill are a great reduction
upon the act of 1842, yet I feel satisfied; the rates of
duty are too high to be consistent with a fair and
equal taxation. The articles of sugar, molasses,
bar-iron, and chains, constitute a portion of dutiable
imports upon which I could wish to see the tariff
still further reduced, But if a majority of the com-
mittee shall differ with me on this point, and the bill
shall be reported back to the House preserving its
present form, 1 shall, however reluctantly,-from the
considerations presented, vote for it, because, in its
general provisions, I regard it as greatly preferable
to the existing law. I am, sir, in favor 'of a tariff,
but not of the tariff; and while opposing the imposi-
tions of the law of 1842, I cannot consent to be
placed in the category of the advocates'of free trade,
if, by this designation,I am to understand that it dis-
countenances a wise, discriminative revenue tariff.
The complex and manifold machinery of the gen-
eral government requires a vast annual revenue to
keep it in motion; and aside from the proceeds of
the public lands, there is no other source of revenue
than the imposition of duties on foreign goods and
tonnage, except the last alternative of direct tax-
ation. The question now before the committee is
not whether we shall adopt direct taxation or a
tariff, but whether we shall pursue in our action the
powers delegated to us by the constitution in levy-
ing duties for revenue, or violate them for purposes
of protection. This, sir, to my comprehension, is
the distinction between the democratic and the whig
parties; and upon this issue, I take my stand in .this
discussion, and upon no other. To repeat the prop-
osition, sir: I regard the democratic party as favor-
able to a revenue tariff, sufficient to sustain an eco-
nomical administration of the government, with such
discriminations upon the various articles of foreign
production as will be most advantageous in the col-
lection of revenue. The whig party, on the other
hand, as their defence of the existing 44 tariff" ex-
hibits, are for a tariff for protection as the first object,
and for revenue as the mere incidental consideration.
The position assumed by the democratic prrty, is,
as I humbly conceive, abundantly sustained, in both
the letter and the spirit of the constitution, while the
doctrine of our opponents is contrary to both. The
8th section of the federal constitution, reads thus:
"The Congress of the United States shall have power to
lay and collect duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
debts, and provide for the common defence and general wel-
fare of the United States," See.
Here it is seen, Mr. Chairman, that a specific
grant of power is conferred to lay and collect duties,
taxes, imposts, and excises; but, sir, for what pur-
pose? Why, the latter clause of the same section
specifies and marks out the limitations by saying,
uto pay the debts, and provide for the common defence
and general welfare." The power to lay and collect
duties, &c., is a specific, substantive grant of power,
and limited in its exercise by the succeeding portion
of the section, to objects therein enumerated, and to
which alone these collections, when made, are con-
stitutionally applicable. Now, sir, it does seem to
me, that in the exercise of the power to lay and col-
lect duties, &c., we are not authorized to look to any
other object than the section indicates andpoints out;
andit points out no other purpose than revenue, and
the objects to which it shall be applied. The debts of
the government cannot be paid until the necessary
funds are collected for their liquidation; nor can the
"common defence," or "general welfare," be effect-
ed without the means. If I am right, sir, in this
position, (and I have no doubt of it,) gentlemen who
claim the constitutional power to protect manufac-
tures cannot be sustained by the specific grants of the
section just referred to, as the basis of our argument
to the contrary. But it is asserted that the power
to protect this interest is said to be embraced in the
final provisions of the eighth section of the constitu-
tion, and as properly included within its limitation*.
If this assumption be correct, the right only exists
under the appropriating power of Congress, and
must be accomplished by a legislative distribution
of a bounty to manufacturers, and not through the
process of invidious taxation. Are gentlemen ready
to claim this at the hands of Congies^r Are they
ready to demand a bounty from the public treasury
to manufacturers, in lieu of a tax upon the con-
sumer) for their support.
But, sir, let us suppose (m order to place this ex-
ercise of power by Congress m its true light) that
the duties derived, or derivable, from imports are in-
adequate to support the government, and afford
means to give to each manufacturer the bounty need-
