CONGRESSIONAL (3LOE®.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee, to which
was referred the billfor the relief of Besiah, an Indian, made
an adverse report thereon.
On motion of Mr. DANA,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of David H. Burr; and that it "be laid upon the table.
Mr. D. S. RKID, from the same committee, made adverse
reports upon the petitions of James H. Jenkins, Nathaniel
Kuykendall, and John S. Brooks; which reports were laid
upon the table.
Mr. STILES, from the same committee, reported a bill for
the relief of Waltei, Nicoll &. Caruthers; which was lead
twice, and referred.
On motion of Mr. VANCE,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims? be discharged
from the consideration ol the memorial of Peter Von
Schmidt, relative to a dry dock, and that it be laid upon the
table.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
to which was referred the case ol Elisha Morrell, adminis-
trator of Joseph icard, deceased, reported a bill for his lehef,
which was read a first and second time, and committed to a
Committee of the ^Vhole House to-morrow
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the petition ol Maria L. Nourse; which
was laid upon the table.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a joint resolution for the appoint-
ment of a cadet from the first congressional district of Illi-
nois, which was read a iiist and second time, and laid upon
the table.
Mr. DANIKL P. KING, from the same committcc, made a
report upon the petition of the heirs of William Graj son, a
colonel in the army of the revolution, accompanied by a bill
ior then ielief; "which was read a first and second time, and
committed to a ( ommittee of the Whole House to-morrow
Mr. WM. J. BROWN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief ol the heirs of Adi-
110 Goodenough; which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. HUNT, of New York, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Joseph and Lindsey Ward;
which was twice redd, and referred.
Mr HUGHES, from the same committee, reported a joint
• resolution to pay a balance due the Shawnee Indians, who
servedm the Florida war; which was twice read, and rc-
feired.
Also, a bill for the relief of Joseph Bryan, Harrison
Young, and Benjamin Young; which was twice read, and le-
ferred.
On motion of Mr HUGHES, the same committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial of
George S. Gaines.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, moved that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the farther consideration
of the joint resolution respecting the site oi old Fort Wa) ne,
Savannah, Georgia, which motion being agreed to.
On motion of Mr. H , the same w as taken up in the House,
and after being read the second and thiid time, wes passed.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on Na\ al Af-
fairs, reported several Senate bills without amendment.
Mr. P., from the same committee, to which had been re-
ferred the amendments of the Senate of the Senate to the bill
tor the relief of the widows and orphans of the officers, sea-
men, and marines of the United States schooner Grampus,
reported back the same, with a recommendation that said
amendments be concurred m.
The amendments were accordingly concurred in.
Mr. MURPHY, fiom the Committee on Na,\ al Affairs, re-
ported, with amendments .thebill from the Senate to consol-
idate the several acts in relation to navy pensions.
Also, the bill to renew certain widows' pensions* both of
which were referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HERRICK. fiom the Committee on Naval Afljirs, to
which had been referred the bill lrom the Senate for the ic-
lief of P.pvnell Coates and Walter R. Johnson, find Wiliiam
B. McMurtree, referred to the same, without amendment.
Mr. H , from the (. ommittee on Naval affairs, reported,
without amendment, the bills for the relief of William
Grove, and for the relief ol Lot Johnson; both of which
were twice lead, and rcfeired.
On motion by Mr. SEMFLE, the Committee on Naval
Affairs was discharged lrom the lurthe-r consideration of the
petition of Commodore Jones.
Mr C J INCERSOLL, from the Committee on Foreign
AJtairs,' reported the bill to refund the duties on certain
coffee imported lrom the Netherlands, w Inch w as reft rrcd
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. tlODNEY, from the ('ommittee on Revolutionary
Pensions icpoiied a bill ior the re >el of the heirs oi Seth
( h ipin, deceased; which was twice read, and rcfeired
Mr. McILVAINE, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, reported a bill for Elizabeth Bronaug'h, widow ol
Di. Bionaut-h; which wjs twice read, and referred.
vlr :.;cI,"fiom the same Committee, made an adverse re-
port on the memorial of David Harms.
Mr ilATHBUN, fiom the Committee on Revolutii.naiy
P<'"n«"ions, reported a bill for the relief of Isabella Baldridte,
widow of Captain John Baldndge, deceased, which was
twice rt\id, and reietied.
Mr. R., trom the eame committee. reported,w itliout amend-
ment', bill No "237 fiom the Senate.
Mr. ERINKERHOFF, from the same committee, reported
back,'without amendment, the bill fiom the Senate, No To,
entitled an act granting a pension to George V\ lmten- re-
ferred to the Committee of the w hole Tloiue.
Mr CULLOM, lrom the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of.James 0. Ray. whuh was twice rt«;d, and re-
ferred
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Public Buildings
and Ground"', reported a joint resolution dnecting the colo-
nel of the corps of Topographical Kngmeers to cau<-e to be
made an accurate survey of the District of Columbia; and
to cause to be prepared and engraved a plan ot the city of
Wa«h ngton, including the public building and grounds;
and, also, directing the manner of distributing the same.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, it was laid on the
table.
Mr. PRATT, from the same committee, reported a joint
resolution to authorize the President of the United States
to cause copies of the national medals to be distributed.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay it on the table: agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the same committee, reported a joint
resolution providing that the monuments of deceased mem-
bers of Congress, at the Congressional Burying Ground,
shall hereafter be constructed of marble.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay the resolution on the table:
rej'ected; and
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, it was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the resolution from the Sen-
ate to continue two clerks in the business of reservations
and grants under Indian treaties, reported the same without
amendment.
Ordered, That the resolution be read a third time to-day.
The resolution was read a third time accordingly.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House proceeded to the
consideration ofthe bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the government for the ensuing
fiscal year.
On the following amendment the yeas and nays had al-
ready been ordered:
"For paying to the State of Kentucky, as remuneration
for receiving and keeping convicts, dollars."
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted thus:—yeas
93, naj s 66.
The other amendments were all concurred in without a
division.
1 he bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and was read
a third time and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION -BILL.
The House then took up the bill making appropriations
for the naval service for the fiscal year ending the SOth day
of June, 1845, which had come back from the Senate with
several amendments made therein.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, all the amendments pre-
ceding the provisos were concurred in.
Mr. McKAY called for the yeas and nays on the question
of concurrence with the proviso ofthe Senate which pro-
hibited the expenditure of more than half the appiopiiations
made by this lull before the l<?t January,
The yeas and nays were ordeied, and being taken, re-
sulted thus: Yeas sii, nays 111.
So the proviso was not concurred in.
Some other provisoes were likewise not concurred in.
The yeas and nays were called on the following amend-
ment:
'•And foi enclosing and grading the bcjuaie m w Inch the
depot for charts is collected, for building a house for the su-
perintendent, and incidental expenses, $20,000, in addition to
the sum of £15,000, heretofore appropmted."
The } eas and nays resulted thus: yeas&o, nays 10-2.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then came up on concurring in the following
amendment:
After the words "for the navy-yard at Brooklj n, New
York. $28.618,■" m the 3f th line, to insert "and the unex-
pended balance ofthe appropriation of *120,000 made by
the act approved the 4th August, lb 12, to be expended, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, in the con-
struction ol a dry-dock at Biooklyn. New York."
Mr. SEYMOUR called for the yeas and nays: which being
ordered, the question was taken, and decidcd in the nega-
tive—yeas 76, nays 84
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The next amendment was, to insert, after the appropria-
tion for the navy-yard at Pensacolo, a provision adding
thereto the unexpended balance of the appropriation of
$100,000 made by the act of 4th March, 1843, to be applied,
under the direction of the Secretar) of the Na\y, ui the
construction of a dry-dock at Pencarola, upon such plan as
he mav sclect.
Mr. "BLACK called for the yeas and nay<; which were or-
dered, ond, the question being taken, it was decided in the
negative—veas 40,nays 111.
So the amendment was not concurred m.
Mr MURPHY moved an adjournment.
The motion was negatived.
The question being put on agreeing to Mr G. Daws'*
amendment to appropriate $00,000 ior the purchase of w ater-
rotted hemp—
The} eas andnavs were demanded and ordered; and, be-
ing taken, were—} eas 84, r.a> s SI.
1 he amendment \\ as agreed to.
Mr RFPING moved an adjournment; which wr«" not
agieed to
' 'llie question being put upon the next amendment, it wes
adopted.
The next amendment. 1 eing for the abolishment of cor-
poral punishment m the navy, was, b} yeas S5. nays .-j7 (ta-
ke. i bv telleis.) :gieed to.
The bill was ordered to bp engro^-ed, and read a third
time.
Mr. REDiNG moved a reconsideration ofthe Aote ju«.t
taken: rejected.
Mr. C JOHNSON called for the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered
The bill having been read a third time by its title, was
passed.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions were presented to-day under the
rule:
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Ephraim Crabtree,
and 220 others, foi a light-house on Green Porcupine island,
at the entrace of Frenchman's Baj. in the State of Alaine
By. Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of- Humpfc*e.y. Mar-
shall, and 102 others, citizens of the city of Louisville, Ky.,
and its vicinity, praying the reannexation of Texas to the
Union; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. ' '
By Mr. ATKINSON: The preamble and resolutions-
adopted by a meeting of the citizens of Norfolk, Va.; .in
favor of the reannexation of Texas to the United States.
By Mr. BLACKWELL: The petition of Elizabeth Cook;
and 31 others, asking1 pay for a wagon and team lost by' her -
husband in 1815, while in the service of the United States:
referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: The petition of 266 citi-
zens of Milwaukie county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking
Congress for an appropriation for the construction of a road
from the road of Milwaukie, via Hactis's Rapids, on Rock
rh er, to Fort Winnebago, in said Territory: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. Two petitions, signed by
107 citizens of Walworth county, Territory of Wisconsin,
asking the establishment of a mail route from Southport to
Beloit, by the way of Builington, Lyons, Geneva, Delevan,
Darien, Summerville, and Clinton, to Beloit; and the trans-
portation of the mail weekly between the above named
towns of Southport and Beloit: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. The petition of Asaph
Smith, of Walworth county, Territory oi Wisconsin, ask-
ing Congress for a compensation in bounty lands for mili-
tary services rendered in the late war with Great Britain:
relerred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. LEONARD: The petition of Mary Stellwager, of
the city of Philadelphia, widow of Daniel S Stellwager,
late a saihngmaster in the navy, praying the re-enactment
of the navy pension law, which was referred to the Com*
mittee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. PHfENIA": The petition of the widow of Commo-
dore Bambridge in favor of the re-enactment of the navy
pension fund.
IN SENATE.
Satkrhay, June 8, 1844.
Mr. LEWIS presented the memorial of citizens
of the city and county of Mobile county, Alabama,
praying for the immediate annexation of Texas to
the United States.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Lowndes coun
ty, Alabama, praying for the reannexation of Tex-
as to the United States.
And another memorial from citizens of the city
and county of Mobile, Alabama, praying for the
immediate annexation of Texas to the United States;
all of which were laid on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented five memorials from
citizens of Philadelphia, similar to a number of me-
morials he had already presented, on the subject of
the naturalization laws, and asking for such altera-
tion as will require of foreigners, after filing their
declaration of intention to become citizens, a resi-
dence of 21 years before they can be entitled to the
rights and privileges of native-born citizens. In pre-
senting these memorials he again repeated his strong
desire that the Committee on the Judiciary should
speedily make a report on this subject; more espe-
cially since an honorable senator of such high in-
fluence as the senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer]
had expressed his desire that the law should be
changed in conformity with the proposition of these
memorials: referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. B. also presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing of citizens of Ohio township, Pennsylvania, at
which a number of resolutions were adopted adverse
to the annexation of Texas to the United States:
laid on the table.
Mr. B. also presented the memorial of Anne Hous-
ton and Elizabeth Smith, asking for pensions from
4th of March, 1841, to the 4th March, 1843. He
thought these good ladies had entirely mistaken
their own case, and that it had been long since pro-
vided for—at least, so far as regarded one of these
years: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHOATE presented the memorial of 240
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for an alteration
in the law of naturalization, so as to make a resi-
dence of 21 years necessary for the eligibility of
foreigners to citizenship: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. FULTON presented the petition of citizens
of Saline and Jefferson counties, Arkansas, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from Benton,
the county seat of Saline county, along the north-
east side of Saline river, to Stacy Lockhart's, on
Lost creek—about 30 miles: referred to the Com-
mitte on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the message of
the President of the United States on the subject of
extending the duties of the home squadron, moved
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same: committee discharged ac-
cordingly.
Also, from the same committee, Mr. B. reported
back the joint resolution concerning dew-rotted
