May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
28<th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. McDowell.
H. of Reps.
ed, would it not-be competent for Congress, if the
power assumed do really exist, to lay, in addition to
the duties for revenue, a direct tax for the payment
of the bounties thus claimed, and to be thus dis-
pensed? Will gentlemen assert this, or are they ■.
ready to meet such a question before the American
people? And yet, such is the issue, if the power
claimed by them has any authority or existence un-
der the constitution. If the protective power does
exist under the provisions of the' constitution, as
one of its original objects and designs, it exists
without limitation as to the amount to be appropri-
ated, and the mode by which its collection is to be
accomplished; and if it is to be considered as the
settled constitutional doctrine, it must lead to taxa-
tion as heartless and oppressive towards all other
classes of the country, in its ultimate operation, as
the exercise -of the same power does in Great Brit-
ain upon the great laboring masses of her people.
But, again, Mr. Chairman, if the power has an
existence without limitation, the mode of its exer-
cise is reduced to a mere question of discretion;
•and Congress may just as well enact a law com-
manding the people of any one State, or of the
.Union, not to buy of England and France, but that
their purchases should be made from Massachusetts
or Rhode Island; thus leaving the manufacturers of
these States to fix their own prices upon their
goods, and upon the produce of the farmer in ex-
change. It is true that this direct mode of accom-
plishing the same end might be objected to by these
protective gentlemen, lest the free people of this
country might again (as they have done heretofore)
rebel against so flagrant an exercise of the power
claimed by them. But does not the present law, in
effect, produce the same result? Has it not driven,
by its provisions, a large amount of foreign articles
from our market? Has it not compelled the pur-
chaser of those taxed goods to pay an additional
cost, as a bounty to manufacturers, of from 40 to
150 per cent-.? What, then, sir, is this, but Con-
gress saying, through the present law, that Ameri-
can citizens shall buy of Massachusetts or Rhode
Island, and not of England or France? Or, in other
words, that if they purchase such and such articles
from abroad, they shall pay a bounty upon them
for the. support of the monopolies at home engaged
in the manufacture of such articles—that A shall
sell his produce to B at B's own price, and buy B's
articles at the extent of the tax added to the cost of
the foreign article. And yet, sir, it is insisted that
such a law is not an infraction of the limitations of
the,constitution, nor of the rights attempted to be
secured under its authority.
The party, however, to which I have the honor
to be attached, Mr. Chairman, do not deny that a
revenue tariff may not be so regulated in its dis-
criminations as to afford protection incidentally;
but maintain, on the contrary, that all the protec-
tion which the manufacturing class can receive
from the government must be afforded through its
action in the assessment of duties for revenue; for,
when you levy an imposition of 25 per cent, for
revenue upon an article imported, it must have the
effect, to the extent of the imposition, of a protec-
tion to the home manufacturer, by enabling him to
sell at an advance of 25 per cent, upon the prices,
by reason of the government tax upon the foreign
article. The power, then, sir, in my humble judg-
ment, exists mainly as an incidental power in the
exercise of the general power of taxation granted
expressly to Congress, and not as a direct and spe-
cifically granted power under the constitution. But,
sir, aside from all constitutional grounds of objec-
tion to the existing tariff law, there are objections
of expediency equally fatal. I allude to its destruc-
tive operation upon individuals, upon classes, and
upon the general national prosperity. The tariff of
1828, known as the "bill of abominations," differed
but little in its essential provisions from the leading
features of the present law; and the history of its
development, as exhibited in its. operation, sustains
the objections which I entertain to the act of 1842.
Sir, it constituted one of the most efficient ele-
ments, combined with others of the period of its
existence, that prostrated the energies, and for a
time overthrew and suspended the prosperity, of
country. And such must again be the ligitimate
and inevitable tendency of any system which di-
rectly or indirectly controls the citizen in the exer-
cise of his discretion in disposing of his own prop-
erty, on his own terms, and at a market of his own
selection. Trade, and the operations of trade, should
be left as free as possible; for the laws that are nat-
ural to it have been demonstrated as quite sufficient
for its regulation. The tariff of 1828 attempted a
diversion of-trade fromjts natural and national chan-
nels; and government," through the merely artificial
principles and regulations of the iaw, and for the
purpose of what is called home protection, created
a state of affairs which terminated only in general
disorganization and paralysis. The manufacturing
interest protected by the government, called upon
the banks for facilities to more extended operations;
the prospect of profit to manufacturers became a ma-
nia after the passage of the law; the banks loa >ed with
reckless liberality, and expanded their circulation
beyond precedent in this enterprise; and these ex-
pansions, by the general diffusion of paper money,
augmented the sales and the profits of the manu-
facturers, till- the whole manufacturing interest
thought that the protective system was the climax
of legislative wisdom, and the infallible source of all
political prosperity.
Thus it was, sir, that the steady and regular
course of business and of trade was diverted into
new channels, and carried on by an artificial tide
of success, as delusive in its character as it was
brief in its duration. The day of reckoning came
upon us, in the midst of our excesses; and a gen-
eral proclamation of bankruptcy was the very na-
tural result. Sir, is this a fancy sketch, or is it not
the history of events, fresh within the memory of
every representative on this floor' But, further to
sustain my position, I find in one of the speeches of
Mr. Calhoun, delivered in the Senate in 1840, the
most satisfactory testimony. It exhibits the expan-
sion of the circulation of the banks of the manufac-
turing States for the years 1830 and '32, he
not having been able to procure a statement for
1829 and 1831, and the balance of the tariff period,
up to the explosion of the banks.
The circulation of the banks of Massachusetts
for the years 1830 and '31, was as follows; For
-1830, $4,730,000; 1832, §7,700,000; or 65 per cent,
increase. In Rhode Island, in 1830, the bank cir-
culation was §670,000; in 1832, $1,340,000, or an
augmentation of 100 per cent. In New York, in
1830, the circulation of the banks was $10,000,000;
in 1832, it was $14,000,000, or an increase of 40
per cent. In Pennsylvania, in 1830, the circulation
was $7,300,000; in 1832, $8,760,000, oran increase of
20 per cent. The circulation of the Bank of the
United States, in 1830, was $15,300,000; in 1832,
$24,600,000—being an increase of 67 per cer.!. 1'he
aggregate amount of circuation of these States was,
in 1830, $38,000,000; in 1832, $56,500,000. These
are but the results of the two closing years of the
tariff of 1828; and I doubt not, if the estimates
could be had for the whole period, similar results
would be developed. The estimates I have fur-
nished show that the increase of bank circulation,
within the periods indicated, was almost in exact pro-
portion to the amount of protective duties laid by
the tariff.
I have thus attempted to show, sir, what I have
asserted to be true, viz: that the tariff of 1828 con-
tributed largely to the disarrangement of trade from
the expansion of the currency of the country, in
inflated prices of produce, land, &c., the winding up
of which state of tilings was so signally disastrous
to all concerned. Nor was this expansion of the paper
circulation confined to the aforesaid manufacturing
States. The banks of these States led the way, and
were followed by the excessive issues of the banks
of all the States of the Union. The advance of all
articles in the country followed the increase of pa-
per money, until the prices at which they were pur-
chased would not admit of exportation and sale in
foreign markets where their circulation was 50 per
cent, less than ours. The result was, that the hold-
ers of the produce here held on for a small advance,
until the bubble exploded, and they sunk amid the
general crash. It was at the climax of this period
of bank expansion that wheat was imported to the
United States from Europe, and sold at a profit for a
less price than our dealers could take without sacri-
fice. It was at this period, sir, that the extraordi-
nary spectacle was exhibited to the world of a great
producing country, with a surplus of produce on
hand, augmenting that surplus by the purchase of
breadstuff's from foreign countries. I know, sir, it
has been charged by some of the politicians of the
country, that the deplorable state of things I have
been describing was the result of the repeal of the
tariff act of 1828, and the establishment of the act
of 1833, familiarly known as the compromise act.
Indeed, sir, I must express my surprise to have
heard gentlemen on this floor repeat what I had sup-
posed every sensible man had condemned; but my
surprise, has- been even greater to, hear gentlemen* as-
sert that the prosperity of the country now ..was
the effect of the. tariff of 1842, and that this fact
sustained the charges of ruin brought upon the coun-
try by the compromise act.
And now, Mr. Chairman, without designing to
enter into any very extendeid argument on these
points, I shall briefly review them as they have been
presented, and demonstrate, by-the conclusive tes-
timony of dates and figures, the total fallacy of these
assumptions. And,- first, I remark, that the sus-
pension of the banks, from 1837 up to the year
1841, was the incubus that hung upon and palsied
the energies of the country, and the only true Cause
of its commercial prostration and pecuniary dis-
tress. And it-is a fact equally familiar to the peo-
ple, that the interests of the country have been
gradually recovering and advancing from their pros-
tration, from the moment of the general resumption
of specie payments by the banks in 1841. That
act, sir, expelled at once the depreciated and worth-
less paper of.all the broken and roHen banks of the
country from the channels of circulation; and they
were once more, but to a limited extent, filled with
either gold or silver, or paper that was equivalent,
by reason of its convertibility into bona fide "hard
money," at the option of the holder. True, this act
of general resumption reduced the paper circulation
of the country to an-amount less than the sum of the
- silver and gold in circulation, and in the vaults of
the banks. But, sir, it at once regulated the ex-
changes of the country to the specie standard; it re-
stored confidence between man and man; and it im-
parted life and renewed activity into the domestic
trade, business, and commerce of the country.
The present tariff act took effect in September,
1842, more than eighteen months afterthe universal
resumption by the banks, when-the produce of the
country was sought after by the capitalists at home
and from abroad, and was steadily rising in value.
I will not, however, close the refutations of the po-
sitions assumed by gentlemen on the other side,
with the mere recapitulation of dates and circum-
stances; but shall, at the hazard of being consider-
ed tedious, give in figures the unanswerable argu-
ment, that proves the injurious operation of the tar-
iff of 1828, upon the interests of the country, and the
beneficial operation of the compromise act of 1832-
'3, upon the same. 1 find, from an examination of
the tables of exports of domesticproduce, from the
year 1824 to 1833, including the high tariff periods
of 1824 and 1828, that the aggregate amount of ex-
ports was $469,198,564. I find, also, Mr. Chair-
man, that our exports from .1833 to 1842, during the
operation of the compromise act, amounted to the
sum of $768,352,365, which give an- annual average
of exports of $96,442,785; and an aggregate
gain of the latter period upon the former of $299,-
174,791, and an average annual gain of $38,646,855.
The statistical tables of the custom-houses show,
also, that the exports of domestic manufactures for
the same periods, were as follows:
The aggregate amount of exports during'the high-
tariff period from 1824 to 1833, was $43,180,755,
and for the low-tariff period from 1833 to 1842,
$65,917,018; the increase of these exports during
the latter period, over the former, being about $22,-
000,000. They show about the same state of facts
in relation to our tonnage, and the imports and ex-
ports of specie. The aggregate amount of foreign
tonnage for the same period, under the high tariff,
was 686,989 tons; and of coasting tonnoge, 752,456
tons—making an rggregate of $1,439,455: whilst
under the later period of the low or revenue tariff,
our foreign tonnage was 896,664 tons; and that of
our coasting trade 1,280,999 tons—making an ag-
gregite of 2,180,763 tons; and an increase for the
latter period over the former, of 741,303 tons. The
imports and exports of specie, from 1821 to 1831,
a period of high protection, were as follows:
Aggregate amount of inipoits of specie $76,450,-
580. Aggregate amount of exports $60 220,628.
Showing an excess of exports over imports of $3,-
<796,0-18. The imports and exports of specie, on the
other hand, sir, from 1831 to 1841, a like period in
duration of low duties, were: Exports $67,859,294.
Imports, $105,139,234. Giving an excess of im-
ports of specie over the exports, of $37,279,940.
I have thus endeavored to exhibit, Mr. Chairman,
by facts and figures, that the assumptions of gen-
tlemen who charge the prostration of trade and busi-
ness to the cffects arising from the repeal of the act
of 1828, and the operations of the compromise act,
to be unfounded in truth; and that, instead of the
interests of the country having been destroyed by
