em
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
liemp, and asked that the committee should be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the same.
Accompanying the committee's report, was a letter
on the subject from the Secretary of the Navy.
He also moved the printing of this letter and re-
port. The committee was accordingly discharged
from the further consideration of the subject, and
the report and letter were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented the proceedings of
a large public meeting, at Indianapolis, Indiana, in
favor of the annexation of Texas to the United
States. Mr, H., (who spoke so low as to be imper-
fectly heard in the gallery,) was understood to say
that he believed this memorial was expressive of the
feelings of the people at large in favor of annexa-
tion wherever that question could be presented in
such a form as could be appproved: laid on the
table.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported the House bill for the relief of
Harvey Heth, without amendment.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, presented the proceedings
of a meeting of the citizens of Hilsdale, Michigan,
remonstrating against the annexation of Texas to
the United States. They say it would be an en-
croachment upon the constitution, which these
States made for themselves, and not for the benefit
of a foreign nation: laid on the table.
Mr. BAGBY, pursuant to notice which he had
long since given, now submitted the following reso-
lutions:
Resolved, That the resolutions of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, now upon the table, be entered on the jour-
nal of the Senate; said resolutions being in the words fol-
lowing:
"resolutions of the commonwealth of
massachusetts.
"Resolved, That the following amendment of the constitu-
tion of the United States be, and hereby is, recommended lo
the consideration of Congress, to he acted on according to
the fifth article. The third clause of the second section of
the first article shall read m the words following:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which are, or may be, included
within this Union, according to their respective numbers of
free persons, excluding Indians not taxed. The actual
enumeration shall be made within two years from the date
of the adoption of this amendment, in the maimer provided
by the constitution, and within every subsequent term oi
ten years, in such manner as the Congi ess shall, by law,
direct. The number of representatives shall not exceed
one for every thirty thousand; but each State shall have at
least one representative.''
Resolved, (as the solemn judgment of the Senate,) That
the constitution of the United States ought not to be amend-
ed in the manner suggested and recommended in the said
resolutions of the legislature of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts.
Laid on the table under the one-day rule.
The House bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomotio service was taken up, read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the following resolu-
tion was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office anil Post
Itoads be instructed toinqune into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail-route from Memphis, Tennessee, on the west
bank of the Mississippi river, to Helena, in Arkansas; and
from Oseola. in the county of Mississippi, in the State of
Arkansas, to New Madrid, in the State of Missouri.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and, after continuing in secret
session till 9 o'clock, p. m., in debate on the treaty
to annex Texas to the United States, camc to a di-
rect vote on the question of ratification; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 16, nays 35, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bagby, Breese, Buchanan.
Colquitt, Fulton, Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Levis,
McDuffie, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, "Walker," and "Wood-
bury—lfi.
N^YS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atherton, Barrow, Bates,
Bayard, Benton, Berrien, Choate, C'laj-ion, Crittenden,
Dayton, Evans, Fairfield, Foster, Francis, Huntington, Jar.
nagin, Johnson, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Njles,
Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Tallmadge, Tappan,
Upham, White, Woodbridge, and Wright—35.
The injunction of secrecy was then removed, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 8, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
POST OFFICE BILLS.
Mr. HOPKINS gave notice that, on Monday-
next, he should call up the bills reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Some of" those bills were of great importance to the
members of this House, and many of them to the
people at- large, and he hoped he should be sus-
tained in the motion which he should make on
Monday next.
the contested election.
Mr. NEWTON moved that Mr. Botts and Mr.
Jones have leave to withdraw the testimony in the
election case of Jones versus Botts, now on the
files of the House.
Mr. HOPKINS said he believed such a thing
had never been done before.
Mr. NEWTON said he had not anticipated any
objection. Heretofore, in such cases, the evidence
had been printed, but in this case it had not been
done; but as the case was now settled, the evidence
could be of no value to the House or to the country;
and he trusted Mr. Botts would be allowed to with-
draw his evidence, as he desired to do.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to consider the motion so
as to make it a motion to allow the parties to take
copies of the testimony and other papers now on
file.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said the resolution would be
perfectly unnecessary, for the Clerk would, of
course, allow copies to be taken. He therefore
moved to lay the motion on the table; which was
agreed to.
controversy between mr. g. davis and
the postmaster general.
Mr. G. DAVIS obtained permission to make an ex-
planation for the correction of a newspaper report of
what took place yesterday, in relation to the me-
morial of the Postmaster General, on the subject of
some strictures made upon him by Mr. Davis, in a
debate in this House, on some previous occasion;
and he spoke at some length thereon.
Mr. C. JOHNSON also entered into some expla-
nations.
Mr. G. DAVIS then offered the resolution which
was voted down yesterday, instructing the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to inquire
whether the Postmaster General had been giulty of
the conduct attributed to him.
Objection was made to the reception of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved a suspension of the rules;
but the motion did not prevail, the vote being GO in
the affirmative, 66 in the negative.
PUBLIC LAND I« ILLINOIS.
Mr. ELMER moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the House yesterday rejected a bill
declaring the assent of Congress to the State of Illi-
nois to tax all the public land sold hereafter, from
and after the time of such sale,
After some discussion, in which Mr. ELMER,
Mr. HARDIN, and others took part,
Mr. WENT WORTH moved the previous ques-
tion, which was sustained by the House.
The motion to reconsider was also agreed to by a
majority of 75 to 46; taken by Messrs. Burke and
Grinnell, tellers.
The question then being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previous ques-
tion.
On seconding the previous question, there were
60 yeas, and 38 nays—taken by tellers—being less
than a quorum.
Mr. VINTON moved that the bill belaid upon
the table, and demanded the yeas and nays. They
were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas 77, nays
86.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question on the passage of the bill.
After another count, the tellers reported G9 in the
affirmative, and 53 in the negative.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
On the question, viz: "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. VINTON demanded the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas 84,
nays 89.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. DEAN called up the motion to reconsider
the vote by which bill 168, for the relief of the heirs
of Francis Cazeau was laid upon the table.
The question being put,
Messrs. Dromgoole and Barringer were ap-
pointed tellers; and having counted the votes,
they reported 79 in the affirmative, and 51 in the
negative.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
Mr. SAUNDERS explained the nature of the
claim, and declared himself in favor of allowing the
amount named in the bill, which was but one-fourth
of the whole amount claimed. The committee
which reported the bill had thought it right to reject
the remainder of the claim, bringing the amount
down to the sum which had been heretofore favora-
bly reported upon.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time; and, on the question of its passage,
Mr. C. JOHNSON demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas
103, nays 55.
So the bill was passed.
Some conversation as to priority of business took
place; when
Mr. JAMESON moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of proceeding with the bills on the
Speaker's table, and which had been reported to the
House.
This motion being agreed to, the following bills
were taken up, and acted on, viz:
district op columbia.
The bill for the benefit of the Howard institution
of th,e city of Washington was taken up, and read;
and the question being on its engrossment.
Mr. BURKE moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and the question being taken, it was
decided in the affirmative, yeas 88, nays 74.
So the bill was laid on the table.
The bill to incorporate the Orphan Asylum and
female froe school of Alexandria, in the District of
Columbia, was taken up.
Mr. HALE moved to lay it on the table; which
motion was decided in the affirmative, (the question
being taken by tellers,) ayes 69, noes 62.
The bill for repairing and repaving Pennsylvania
avenue was taken up, and read. The question
being on its engrossment for a third reading,
Mr. HALE moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. CAUSIN called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, but subsequently said he withdrew
the call.
Mr. HOPKINS renewed it.
The question was then taken on laying the bill on
the table, and resulted in yeas 95, nays 76.
The bill for repairing the roof of the court house
of Alexandria, D. C., was taken up.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired of the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, if this build-
ing belonged to the United States, or to the courts
of Alexandria.
Mr. CAMPBELL said that it was a building
belonging to the United States; that it was for the
use of the United States courts, the judges of which
were paid by the United States.
After a few words from Messrs. HAMLIN,
MURPHY, and CAMPBELL,
Mr. HAMLIN moved to lay the bill on the ta-
ble; which was negatived.
Mr. HOLMES made some remarks illustrative of
the relation which the District of Columbia bore to
the Congress of the United States.
The debate was continued by Messrs. SAUN-
DERS and HAMLIN.
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question,
and it was sustained by the House.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed; and it
was read a third time, and passed.
The next bill was that entitled "a bill to incor-
porate the inhabitants of the city of Washington,"
and the question was on concurring with the amend-
ments reported from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN spoke in opposition to some of
the amendments. He said the bill, as it now stood,
extended the right of suffrage, but it made a pro-
vision to refer the charter to the present limited con-
stituency for adoption, to which he was opposed.
Mr. HOLMES moved to lay the bill on the table;
which was negatived.
Mr. G. W. JONES suggested an amendment to
exclude those parts in relation to the qualification of
voters, and to eligibility to office, from the consid-
eration and ratification of the existing voters; but he
thought the other portions of the bill should be re-
ferred tu the constituency for ratification.
Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. CHILTON continned
the debate.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL moved the previous ques- '
tion; and it was sustained by the House.
Mr. G. W. JONES desired to move a call of the
