666
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. McDowell.
H. of Reps.
the operation of the law of 1832, that our'commerce
was more flourishing; that our exports and trade
were augmented under its operation to a large
amount, as compared with the exports of the high-
tariff period; and, further, that, during the latter
period, there was added a large increase of specie to
the capital and circulation of the country—a contri-
bution, to the extent of the increase, to the increased
prosperity of the country.
I shall now, .sir, very briefly attempt to prove, by
the figures and dates which I shall produce, that the
manufacturing establishments of the country, during
the period—or rather, a portion of the period—of
low duties, were in a more prosperous condition
than at any other time; and that, so far from the as-
sumption being true, that they were in a bankrupt
condition, and unable to prosecute their business,
on the contrary, they purchased more of the
cotton of the South, and manufactured more goods,
than at any previous period. The amount of cotton
imported into Boston from 1835 to 1840, inclusive,
and from the 1st January, 1841, to the 25th May, of
the same year, (a little less than five months,) as
taken from the Boston Atlas of 1842, is as follows:
In 1835, (in round numbers,) 80,000 bales; in 1836,
82,000 bales; in 1837, 82,000 bales; in 1838,96,000
bales; in 1839, 94.000 bales; in 1840, 136,000 bales;
and from the 1st January to the 25th May, 1841,
93,000; and for the year 1841, as estimated, 150,000
bales—almost double the consumption as compared
with the high-tariff year. 1835. The writer of the
money articles in the New York Herald of the same
year, and who seems 4to have drawn his statements
from authentic sources, if we may judge from their
details andmmutiaj, states that the amount of goods
manufactured at Lowell in 1839 was 58,263,400
yards; and in 1840, 73,853,400 yards—making an
increase in a single year of 15,590,000 yards, more
than 25 per cent., in that branch, in the entire
growth, in that flourishing town, from its founda-
tion to the beginning of the year 1840.
Sir, these are facts for the country which speak
the language of "truth and soberness," and entirely
annihilate all the miserable cant and sophistry that
have been employed by the opposition to substanti-
ate the false issues assumed against the compromise
act.
Again, sir: If it be tiue, as gentlemen hove al-
leged, that the manufacturing interest was struck
down by the compromise act, and reduced to bank-
ruptcy, by what singular art of legerdemain or le-
gislative hocus pocus were they, upon the passage of
the present law, enabled to concentrate and distrib-
ute, by the purchase of all the surplus of the coun-
try, the vast capital that was requisite to effect this
change, when tney, ju«t before, were broken down
and disabled to prosecute their business? Does not
every man see the utter fallacy of such asseitions?
But suppose, sir, that they were in a sound cond;tion:
can they coin money, or supply enough from their
profits in a year to have filled the channels of circula-
tion that had already been nearly exhausted by the
bank explosions and suspensions of the panic era of
1837 to 1841, inclusive? Sir, I have shown you how
these channels were being filled when this act was
passed. The increase of capital that was revivify-
ing, reproducing, and extending the industrial pur-
suits of the country, was the product of our exports
during the period of the compromise act, as I be-
lieve has been sufficiently illustrated. Yes, sir; the
large balances of spccie brought into this country,
instead of goods, during the last years of the general
suspension, gave tha impulse to trade, business, and
commerce, which saved the country from hopeless
ruin and irretrievable bankruptcy. The elements of
this resuscitation were not derived from the manufac-
turing interest under a high protection, but from the
products of the great agricultural class, and the
means of business introduced into the country by
the specie derived from the sale of their surplus in
foreign markets. The substratum of all our pros-
perity and wealth—the basis of all our happiness,
virtue, and patriotism—arises from the industry and
the grand moral power which the great agricultural
class holds in its control. And, Mr. Chairman, I
thank Heaven that it is so; and that this class does
now, and will, as I hope, for centuries in perpetuity,
maintain its wholesome and preponderating influ-
ence over all others. It is among the yeomanry of
the land, that we must look for those sturdy republi-
can characteristics which distinguish us as a nation
among all the nations of the earth. Unobtrusive,
virtuous, and contented, yon never find them, sir,
infesting your halls of legislation, extorting laws at
your hands to legalize on their part the plundering
of their neighbors; nor for impositions to their own
benefit upon any other-class of their fellow-citizens.
No, sir; their services, and their resources, and their
lives, they are ever ready to lay down upon the altar
of their country, in the preservation of its institutions,
its liberty, and its integrity! '
I have now, Mr. Chairman, answered, as I think,
the assumptions of gentlemen on the other side,
and shown, conclusively, that it was not the repeal
of the tariff ?ct of 1828, nor the enactment of the
compromise law of 1833, that produced the prostra-
tion of all the business interests of the country; and
that the act of 1842 had no agency whatever in the
general revival of business, and the present pro-
gressive prosperity of the country; but, on the con-
trary, that the act of 1828 contributed more directly
than all other causes, to the paralysis which for the
last few years weighed down the mighty energies
of the American people, and kept them prostrate in
the dust. I have shown also, sir, that it is to the
increased exports of the producers of the country,
pending the operation of the compromise act, that
we are indebted for the vast increase of specie which
alone saved us from impending and irretrievable
bankruptcy, and imparted vitality and vigor to all
the great interests of the country.
But, sir, there is another c snumption of the friends
of a high protective tariff, equally as preposterous
as those I have noticed, as I shall be able most
clearly to establish; it is, that high duties make low
pices. Thi3 position, I find, is adopted in the report
of the Committee on Manufactures, made by the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hudson.] In that report the committee assume,
first, that foreign manufacturers can oblain their
capital for about two-thirds, and their labor for
about one-third or one-fourth, less than the manufac-
turers in the United States; and thus the idea of any-
thing like •' fair competition, under these circum-
stances, if altogether out of the question. Now,
after Mimtting this important fact, and claiming that
the mon ifaci irer hce ought to be protected by du-
ties upon articles of foreign production, to enable
him to compete with the foreign manufacturer, he
then turns round and asserts that the tax thus laid
upon imported goods does not increase their cost,
but rather tends to diminish it. This assumption
he attempts to prove in the report by a most singu-
lar process of reasoning—namely, that the importer
will be able to buy of the.English or French manu-
facturer, the same description of articles that he be-
fore purchased, at just such a reduction of the prime
cost as will counteract the duty imposed by the
tariff here; or, in other words, that the foreign manu-
facturer and importer will, between them, sell the
goods imported at just the amount of the duty im-
posed less than their previous charges, and thus pre-
vent, by the competition for a market, any advance
at least upon the prices paid in the absence of a
tariff of protection. Now, sir, if T comprehend the
gentleman's positions, they are absolutely antago-
nistic to each other; and if either be true, the other
must be false; for, if a duty of 50 per cent, be ne-
cessary to protect the cloth-maker in this country
against the foreign competitor, how can the 50 per
cent, operate a3 a protection to the former, if the
latter sells to the importer at justtheamount of duty
under the former prices? Certainly, under such a
state of things, the tariff of protection would be no
protection, because the foreign cloth would still
monopolize the home market. On the other hand,
if the duty imposed effects the object of protection,
the price of the foreign cloth must unavoidably be
increased 50 per cent., where that is the extent of
the imposition, which would enable the home manu-
facturer to sell at the same price. In further illus-
tration of the case, I will give an example or two
that, cannot he misunderstood or controverted. I
will suppose (a truth, if my information be correct)
that, under a tariff of 25 percent., Swedish bar-iron
could be brought to this country and sold at 2 cents
per pound, which our manufacturer of iron of the
same quality and kind, could not afford to sell at
less, if you please, than at 4 cents per pound. Find-
ing that he cannot compete with the foreigner, he
appeals to Congress to protect him against the
Swedish importer, in a duty of 100 per cent., which
will compel him to sell his importations at 4 cents
also, or drive him from the market; and Congress
levies the desired imposition. Now, sir, does not
this duty of 100 per cent., thus imposed, protect
or enable the domestic manufacturer to sell his iron
at the old price of 4 cents, by raising the cost of the
imported article to that standard. If not, what has
the domestic manufacturer gained by the 100 per
cent, tariff of "protection?" Just nothing. He is in
the same predicament as before, which would cer-
tainly tend to establish the declaration of Mr. Clay
that uthere is no necessity of protection for protection."
But, Mr. Chairman, this is not the state of. the
case. Would our manufacturers exhibit so much
anxiety, and be so lavish of their exertions and
their money, in obtaining the ascendency of the
protective party, and through them a protective
tariff, if it resulted as the gentleman has assumed?
No, sir; far from it. The legitimate effect of the
duty of 100 per cent, is, ns every man of common
observation must know, the very reverse of the
operation of the tax as laid down in the gentleman's
argument.
The Swedish iron could not be sold without a
sacrifice at less than 4 cents per pound, paving the
duty of 100 percent. So, too, with all other arti-
cles. Good French boots could be imported here
under a revenue tariff, and sold at §2 per pair, just
such as our boot-maker sells at $3, in which case
a duty of 33^ per cent, will compel the importer to
raise the price of the French boots to $3, in order to
meet the requisition of the tariff. The operation of
the law is clear. Upon every pair of boots purchased
either of the French importer, or the domestic man-
ufacturer, the purchaser pays $1 advance upon
the price paid in the absence of the tariff of 33 J per
cent.; because the tax levied by the government
upon the imported article, is added to its price, and
this enables the home manufacturer, who pays no
duty, to sell his article also at an advance of $1, and
realize a profit, to that extent, over the profit of the
importer, conceding the prime cost in each case to
be the same. Therefore, if, in the purchase of four
pairs of boots, a farmer pays at a country store $12
this year, for which the year preceding he only paid
$8, in the absence of a duty of 33^ per cent., it fol-
lows that, in the transfer of this duty to him, he
pays a tax of $4 to protect the home manufacturer
upon four pairs of common boots. The tariff of
1842, passed by a whig Congress, laid a duty of
$1 25 per pair upon coarse imported boots, which
has raised their price to that extent upon the price
at which they would be sold were no duty levied
upon them. The consumer pays this additional
charge in everyinstance; for the tariff follows all
the transfers upon the goods upon which it is laid,
.until they fall into the hands of the consumer, out of
whose pocket the revenues of the government, and
the duties of "protection for protection," are all de-
rived. If such be the fact, (and it must be, or the
doctrine of protection is all a farce,) I have, by
these two simple statements, demolished the paradox
that 11 high duties make loir prices.''''
But, Mr. Chairman, lest the arguments of gentle-
men might not be so convincing as they could de-
sire, some of them have dropped all argument, and
attempted to drive us into the support of their theo-
ry by designating the friends of a judicious revenue
tariff as the British party in Congress; and they
have appealed to the people to stand up for their
own countrymen and protect them against the pau-
per labor of Great Britain. Yes, sir, strange as it
may seem, though not strange considering the quar-
ter whence it emanates, the very party who have
been, by means the most invidious and anti-
American, trying to fasten upon the people of this
country the whole British system of banks, manu-
factures, privileged orders, corporations, monopo-
lies, taxation, and pauperism, with all its deplorable
concomitants; and who take the British side of all
questions that arise between that country and ours,
and who seek notwithstanding, through a portion of
its members, to divest all foreigners seeking the asy-
lum of our shores of the right of citizenship;—
strange as it may seem, such a party talk to us and
denounce us as the British party—professing them-
selves to be the exclusive friends of home industry,
and the only guardians of the constitution and the
rights and liberties of the people. May the wisdom
of the people save the country from the tender mer-
cies of such brazen-faced hypocricy. Sir, who are
the importers that we are called upon to throttle and
drive out of the country by taxation or high pro-
hibitive duties for protection* They are, from one-
half to two-thirds of them, American citizens, em-
ployed in the business of carrying off the vast sur-
plus produce of the count/y, and" selling or barter-
ing it to other nations, and bringing hark in ex-
change the products and manufactures of those na-
tions. They are the commercial class of the United
States—a class next to the agricultural m its con-
tributions to the wealth, the power, and glory of their
country. They are branded as British importers
