May, 1844. 
28th Cong 1st Sess
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLofifi.
66f
The Tariff—Mr. McDowell.
H. of Reps.
by the manufacturing monopolist and his advocates
in this House. The law of 1842 was designed to
drive this commerce of international exchanges from
the ocean; and thus not only inflict a suspension of
their business upon the seas, but n.n injury upon the
whole agricultnral community who are dependent
for the sales of their surplus productions upon the
owners of ships that bear them to a foreign market.
That I may be understood in this position, I will
put a case for illustration, by supposing that the
county of Ross, in the State of Ohio, has a surplus
of flour per year of 100,000 barrels; and that A, a
trader, has been in the habit of buying it annually
and shipping it to England or France, taking, in ex-
change, or investing the money received, in the-man-
ufactured articles of these countries, at a rate that
would enable him to sell them in the United States
at an advance of 50 per cent., without transcend-
ing the prices of our own manufactures of hke.de-
scription. We will suppose that the law obliges
him to pay 25 per cent, from his profits to the cus-
tom house for the support of government. He does
so, and still retains a profit of 25 per cent., which
enables him again to buy of the farmers of Ross
their surplus of 100,000 barrels of flour. He ships
it off as usual; but, in his absence, the domestic
manufacturer complains to Congress that he
will be broken down if there is not a fur-
ther duty of 25 per cent, laid on the goods
imported by the trader. The prayer of the peti-
tioner as granted,and the duty is increased to fifty
per cent. A returns with his merchandise, expecting
to pay the usual duty of 25 per cent.; but, much to
his astonishment, the custom-house officer informs
him that the imposition "for the sake of protection"
has been raised from 25 to 50 per cent. A sells out
as usual at a gross profit of 50 per cent, which is
just sufficient to meet the custom-house extortion,
divesting him entirely ofhis profits. Will A be found
again purchasing the surplus flour of the farmers of
Ross for that season, or any other season, while the
protective imposition of 50 per cent, is drawn upon
the foreign goods he receives m exchange for his
produce? The present tariff is thus operating; and
yet the advocates of a high protective system are
attempting to make the fanner believe that his in-
terests are advanced by the law. I have shown
how the tariff of 1828 operated upon the domestic
exports, and how suddenly the exports expanded
upon its repeal; and 1 now submit to you, Mr.
Chairman, to this House, and to the people, a table
of exports since the passage of the present law, to
show that it has already vastly reduced the exports
of the agricultural staples of the country. The law
took effect in September, 1842, and from that day
to September, 1843, we have the first fiscal year of
its operation. The report of the. Secretary of the
Treasury for this period gives the amount of do-
mestic exports at $90,494,485, and for 1841, at $106,-
382,722; and for 1842, at §92,969,996; thus exhibit-
ing a falling off in a single year, under the high tariff
of 1842, as compared with the exports under the
revenue tariff of 1841, of about $16,000,000; and as
compared with 1842, of two and a half millions of
dollars; and this, too, chiefly upon the agricultural
staples, exclusive of cotton, rice and tobacco. The
imports and exports from the 30th September, 1843,
up to February, 1844, are, imports about forty-five
millions—exports twenty-eight millions. With
these facts from the official data looking us in the
face, are we to be told that this law in its operation
is giving prosperity to the farmer or to the shipping
interest. Or shall we sacrifice the shipping interest,
in which there are nearly as many persons engaged
(including ship carpenters and their families) as
there are in the manufactories of the country, and
the whole agricultural class into the bargain, to the
rapacity of the manufacturing interest? Sir, 1 am
not the enemy of the manufacturing interest. If the
incidental protection afforded it be restrained within
fair and equitable limitations, I will be in favor
of it. I am willing they should have all the advan-
tages a revenue tariff can afford them, be the amount
of protection what it may; and 1 am sure, sir, that
sach a tariff incidentally, would abundantly protect
them. I say so from the highest authority in the
estimation of the opposition—authority which they
will not dispute. I allude, sir, to Mr. Clay. He
expressly declares that a revenue tariff will be abun-
dantly ample for the purposes of protection. But,
sir, when we are called upon to sacrifice all the other
industrial interests of the nation to ore exclusive
branch of industry, I must, as a friend of the hum-
ble tiller of the soil, and of that class who "go out
upon the great sea," protest most solemnly against it,
I have a few words to say now to the bootmaker,
the hatter, and the tailor, who are appealed to by the
manufacturing interest to unite in their crusade
against the farmer and trader. They are told that,
if foreign boots and shoes, ready-made clothing, and
hats, are not exorbitantly taxed, they will drive the
home manufacturer of these articles to some other
business, or to unavoidable starvation. I desire them
to examine the reports of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to ascertain the amount of the importations oi
boots, hats, and clothing, antecedent to the passage
of the present law of home protection, as it is
termed. By such examination it will be discovered
that the aggregate imports were—of boots and
shoes—
!n 1839 . $101,000
Exports the same year - - 173,000
Hats, leather, wool, and fur, imported—
- In 1839 - §15,000
Exports of same for same year - -123,000
1840—
Boots, shoes, and slippers imported $70,000
do do do exported 214,000
Hats, leather, wool, and fur imported 7,000
do do do do exported 103,000
1841—
Boots, shoes,&c., imported- - §17,166
do do exported - - 100,725
The number of boot and shoe makers in the
United States is estimated (but I cannot vouch for
its correctness) at 180,000. Now, sir, the average
imports of each of the years 1839-'40-'41 is about
#77,000, coming into competition with the labor of
180,000 domestic boot and shoe makers; or a foreign
competition, averaging to each domestic manufactu-
rer about 45 cents per annum—all told. Or, in ether
words, if no importations had been made, but their
amount equally divided among our home manufac-
turers of the specified articles, each man would have
an addition to his yearly aggregate derived from the
making of boots and shoes, of the enormous sum ol
45 cents Yet, sir, he is taught to believe that the
importer will nun him without a prohibitive duty
of protection. The excess of exports over the im-
ports of these goods, however, will dissipate the de-
lusion. The same regulations of trade will apply to
the hatters. The competition which they have to
encounter is jU.3,000 worth of hats annually im-
ported, which, divided among the domestic manu-
facturers, would scarcely exceed the pro rata of 10
cents per man.
Let us now, Mr.Chairman, ascertain the amount
of competition against the tailors of the United
States. The report of the Committee of Ways and
Means shows that there was imported in 1840, '41,
'43, about §28,000 of ready-made clothing, paying
ad valorem and specific duties; giving for each year
an average of some $9,000. There are in the coun-
try (as I have seen stated) about 100,000 tailors; the
average competition, therefore, would be to each
man a sum not exceeding the trifle of 10 ccnts per
annum; or, in other words, a tariff of absolute pro-
hibition against foreign clothing would give to the
domestic makers 10 cents more per annum to each
man than they have received under the late and ex-
isting laws. And notwithstanding, the American
tailor is called upon to defend the cause of home
protection against foreign competition, or else be
driven from his shop-board.
But there is one more fact, Mr. Chairman, w'oich
I desire to give the committee from this report. It
is this: that, under the operation of the first three-
fourths of the present year, there was imported into
the country $175,000 worth of ready-made cloth-
ing, nearly twenty times the annual amount im-
ported during the periods mentioned under the rev-
enue tariff of the preceding years; and yet it is
claimed that the present is a tariff of home pro-
tection!
But, sir, let me ask of gentlemen how the boot
and shoemaker, tailor and hatter, are benefited by a
law which gives them from 33 j to 50 per cent, pro-
tection, when, at the same time, it places a similar
imposition upon all other manufactured articles
which they have to buy' The tailor pays on his
boots, hat, and clothing, and the clothing of his
family; and upon his salt, sugar, pepper, spice, fish,
&c., a far greater tax than is levied to protect him.
So, also, with the hatter, and boot and shoemaker.
They all pay, more or less in the protective tax upon
their articles of family consumption, many times the
amount of protection secured to them. 1 admit, sir,
that if each man could, by law, be equally protected,
neither would lose at the end of the year, nor
could cither be gainer; but such cannot be the ope-
I ration of an insidious protective tariff. The protect-
; ed classes will get 'along pretty smoothly; but ths
! unprotected will feel the disadvantage of the burden
f imposed. The farmer you cannot protect, because
[ there can be no competition to his business from
abroad. The law, therefore, chains hint" down,
and tells the protected classes to fleece him" at their
discretion. Yet, sir, the farmer, too, is exhorted to
go for protection. - -
I shall now pass on, sir, to some other positions
assumed by the advocates of an exobitant tariff of
protection. Gentlemen in this discussion have said
that the fathers of the constitution were protection-
ists, and refer to the revenue law of 1790 to establish
this declaration, quoting from the preamble of that
law as their assumed evidence in the case. The
word "protection" is found in that preamble, I ad-
mit; but does the preamble fix the impositions upon
foreign goods specified in the law? The law itself,
sir, is the true test; and by reference to the act of
of 1790, you will discover that the average duties
upon imports were about 7 per cent. Descending
from this period to 1815, the tariff laws averaged but
an ad valorem scale of duties of 15 per cent. Sir, it
is ridiculous for gentleman to charge that we are dis-
ciples of free trade who advocate a revenue tariff of
25 or 33j per cent, upon imports, while the fathers
of the government, who levied a tariff of from 7 to
15 per cent., are claimed as having been the ad-,
vocates of the federal doctrine of protection. I leave
them to reconcile as they can the contradictory po-
sitions which they occupy in the attempt made by
them to mislead the public mind, and impose doc-
trines upon the country as emanating from the
fathers of the constitution that never were originated
or sanctioned by them.
Sir, the end and object of this high protective
policy should arouse the agr,'cultural interest of the
country to a just sense of the ultimate burdens that
will rest upon it; for the prohibitor/ character of the
policy is as certainly tending to direct taxation as
that it exists. Can any one doubt the truth of this
position, with the arguments of the advocates of
protection before them? Do they not assume that
the manufacturers of this country must be pro-
tected by law against the competition of other coun-
tries? And how is this competition to be prevented
but by destroying it? Is it insisted that such
protection will, in a short time, enable our own
manufacturers to furnish all wc need, and at prices
as low as any other country? What source of rev-
enue, I ask, then, will be left to supply the wants of
the government after the importations of all foreign
goods are at an end? But one, sir; and that the land-
ed interest of the country." The farmers will not
only have the State|governments to support, but the
general government, with its immense expenditures.
Think you, sir, that the interest which has been
begging the government for a half a century for in-
direct bounties to support it, will agree to contribute
a cent for its support? No; the cry of oppression
will be raised, and appeals to the sympathies and
patriotism of the country to save them from de-
struction; and, as now, they will be heard, and the
burden rolled over upon the farming class of the
country, as it ever has been. There is no ear to
hear their remonstrance, no eye to pity them;
they are to be the beasts of burden, from whose
labor all the departments of the machinery of
civil government are to be sustained, and
the manufacturers into the bargain. Sir, nearly all
the revenue collected and consumed by the govern-
ment is drawn from the pockcts of the farmer, by
the indirect operation of the tariff; and the manufac-
turing class, if their prohibitive system is carried
out, will change this indirect tax of eighteen mil-
lions of dollars, to a direct tax of the like amount.
And if we submit much longer to their dictation,
the chains of a manufacturing despotism will be fas-
tened upon us, and the interests of all the other
classes sacrificed to its unhallowed cupidity. Sir,
as I remarked before, I do not wish to be regarded
as the enemy of this important branch of national
industry and enterprise, whilst it is kept within its
proper sphere; but when its gigantic strides to pow-
er and exclusiveness already threaten to annihi-
late (as it now paralyzes) the agricultural and com-
mercial interests of the country, it is time to pre-
scribe bounds to its encroachments, and expose its
policy to the people. The history of the manufac-
turing interests m other countries is one of rapine
and pauperism; and though it may never be potent
enough here to victimize all the other interests of the
country, yet its virus, struck deep us it is into our
system, will impair more and moie its healthy a<;%
