656
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the senator from New Hampshire can find in it no
justification for the parricidal treaty of 1819.
Praise of Texas is now the order of the day, and
many tongues are encomiastic in her favor which
were formerly silent and still. I have no need to
engage in that vocation. Recollections will supply,
with me, the place of present invention, and present
me as the friend of Texas when she had but few
friends, and they as disinterested as myself. In
1829, when General Jackson and Mr. Yan Buren
were endeavoring to recover the country, I wrote
thus:
f*It is usual for the eyes of regret to discover in lost ob-
jects, beauties, charms, and perfections, which were never
visible in the period of possession; but this is not the case
with Texas. , The vision of her attractions is not a post mor-
tem, apparition; is not a new conception, a modern invention,
of date posterior to the treaty of 1819. They were seen upon
the first view, felt in the first approach, and described in the
first exclamations of the first civilized explorers that ex-
plored her soil. 'A most delicious country; fertile,beauti-
ful prairie, covered with grass and flowers; vast meadows,
and most delightful champaign country; dry, pure, elastic
air; springs of sweet waters ^ clear and rapid streams; no
swamps; abundance oi buffalo, horses, and deer.' Such are
the exclamations—such the testimony of the companions of
La Salle in 1685. Such the early pretensions of Texas to the
character of salubrity, as well as of beauty and fertility,
which the lapse of a century and a half has confirmed and
established. Texas, in fact,'the north of Italy,' 'the south
of France,' of North America; and made so by the same
causes which make northern Italy and southern France the
paradise of Europe—the proximity of mountains covered
with snow; elevated surface; clean shores; due interspersion
of hills and valleys; of woodland and prairie; and complete
openness to the reception of the sea breeze. The snowy
mountains lie in the northwest; the hills of Santa Saba
traverse the length of Texas, parallel to the course of Red
river, whose waters they turn from it to the gulf; and this
snow-capped mountain, and extended ridge of hills, ap-
proaching nearer to the sea than any other high lands in
our part of North America, with a complete exemption
from swamps, give to this favored region that peculiar elas-
ticity of atmosphere and salubrity of climate which was re-
marked by the first explorers, and is experienced by the
latest settlers.,J
I have no need to plead the causc of annexation
now. I did that twenty-five, and fifteen, years ago.
I.a Salle and Jlmericanus will bear me that testimony.
In those papers I gave reasons (besides the political
and commercial, so often repeated) foi the recovery
of the sacrificed territory which the modern con-
verts—the Texian neophytes—have not yet reach-
ed. I gave moral reasons, resulting from the trans-
fer of a large and fair portion of the earth from the
dominion of a republic, with civil and religious lib-
erty, and the lights of education, to a despotism
where every right of man was trampled under foot,
every light of the mind extinguished, and all
civil and religious liberty annihilated. These were
moral objections to the treaty of 1819 which the
present partisans of annexation have not reached,
and which the Texian revolution has superseded.
But they are good and valid against the treaty of
1819; and should never be omitted in any reference
to that execrable act. 1 shall publish the nitnh num-
ber of La Salle*—extracts from it—as a note to
*La Salle, No. 9—Extracts.
The catalogue of objections to that part of
the treaty of 1811), which establishes the south-
western boundary of the United States, long and
heavy as it has been, is still imperfect and
incomplete. It embraces the political objec-
tions alone, to which the moral are yet to be
added. Formidable as the former were, the latter
will rival and excel them. To state these moral ob-
jections is the object of this paper; but how differ-
ent the task to that which has gone before ! The
statement of the political objections required noth-
ing in the writer, but an accurate knowledge of the
subject, some method of arrangement, and a reason-
able perspicuity of style—an address to the head
alone. But the painting and exhibition of the
moral objections addresses itself both to the head
and heart, and requires the philosophic mind—the
sublime and glowing imagination of Burke. I
shrink from the task, alarmed at its magnitude, and
oppressed with the weight of conscious inability to
perform it. I surrender all pretensions—forbear ail
effort—to paint the hideous portraits; and limit my-
self to the unambitious occupation of drawing the
outline, and writing the labels—of gathering up and
placing before the eyes of the reader, "the marrow-
less skeletons of these moral deformities.15
First at the head of this new species of objections
should be placed the immoral artifice, which ap-
pears upon the face of the treaty, to give jurisdiction
to the treaty-makmg power, over a subject which
does not belong to it, which, by the constitution of
the republic, belongs to the legislative department.
these remarks, and as an evidence of what I thought
of Texas, atid her betrayers, years ago, always re-
membering that' Mr. Adams has transferred the
blame with which he was then so liberally loaded,
from his shoulders to the majority of Mr. Mon-
roe's cabinet. It was a southern President, and a
southern cabinet, which did us the mischief which
we are now in a fury to repair—must repair in a
minute—now or never! Let the South remember
this when seized with a fury against northern men.
It is too well known: the intelligent reader will
hardly pardon the brief recital, that the boundaries
between the legislative and the treaty-making pow-
ers of our government have never been settled, and
that there are many points (unhappily too many)
at which each may invade, with a specious manifes-
to of right in its hand, the actual and legitimate
province of the other. There are other points,
however, at which these boundaries are fixed, and
at which the dividing line of power cannot be cross-
ed by either, without incurring the guilt and odium
of lawless and wanton invasion. Of these points of
limitation, thus visibly and well established, the
the most fixed and immovable, the most notorious
and incontrovertible, may be assumed to be the right
of jurisdiction in the treaty-making power over the
question of national boundary; and the right of juris-
diction in the legislative department over cessions
of national territory. At this point there is no room
for doubt or inquiry—for a question and an answer
—forthe asseition or suggestion of two opinions.
It belongs to the President and the Senate, by ami-
cable negotiation with foreign powers, to settle and
adjust disputed questions of conterminous bounda-
ry—bona fide questions of doubt and uncertainty—
where room exists for the maintenance of two opin-
ions—such as the question of the northeastern boun-
dary—between the dominions of the United States
and the British King:. On the other hand, the ces-
sion of national territory is a right, as clearly be-
longing to the legislative department, and is exclu-
sively vested in it, by the 2d section, 3d article,
of the Constitution, which gives Congress express
power "to dispose of * * * terri-
tory, or other property of the United States. * *
Doubtless.the negotiator of the Florida treaty in
1819, who had been an ambassador in 1794, and
had seen and read the clause in the constitution
which had just been quoted; the clause relied on by
Mr. Clay, in the well-known speech and resolu-
tions against the constitutionality of the treaty;
and equally doubtless that to anticipate and avoid
the objection growing out of that clause, the ne-
gotiator had recourse to the ostensible name of a
settlement of limits. Such is the character and im-
port of the treaty. The title displays the label of a
"settlement of limits": the preamble follows out,
embodies, and amplifies the idea. "To desig-
nate with precision the limits of their respect-
ive bordering territories in North America," is the
specious language which covers the double offence
of violating the constitution, and sacrificing the na-
tional territory, which enables the treaty-making
power to invade the legislative department, and
sanctifies the surrender of 200,000 square miles of
our territory, to which the negotiator, three months
before, had declared the tile of the United States to
be entire, unshaken, and not susceptible of refuta-
tion ! Not only is the settlement of boundary
declared to be the object; but terms and phrases are
selected, and employed to imply a nice and critical
adjustment of a tremulous and conterminous line.
"To designate"—that is, to mark out what already
exists—with piecision—i. e. with a nicety—"lim-
its—i. e. the outer edges—"bordering territories—
i. e. territories which touch each other. Such are
the phrases which attest the ostensible and
declared object: yet what is the deed that is
done under these phrases* 1st. Texas, with
its ancient boundary of the Rio Grande del
Norte, is given away. 2d. Eighty thousand square
miles of territory on this side of Texas is also
given away! 3d. The navigation of four domestic
and interior rivers is portioned out to a foreign
power. 4th. The boundary of the Rio del Norte,
asserted by us since the acquisition of Louisiana,
is given up! 5th. The boundary of the Colorado
of the bay of St. Bernard, and the mountains which
separate the valleys of the Mississippi, and the Rio
del Norte as solicited by Don Pizarro at Madrid in
1818, is surrendered! 6th. The boundary of the
Red river of Natchitoches, as some times claimfed
by the Spaniards, is also surrendered ! 7th. A new
line, never mentioned in any previous discussion,
The despatch and instructions of Mr. Van Buren, in
1829, to Mr. Poinsett, to negotiate for the recovery
of Texas, will stand forever as the rebuke of the
cabinet vote which gave her away.
We hear much of the danger of disgusting Tex-
as, and driving her into the arms of the British. I,
who know the Texians, have no such fears. But
those who have, have only to vote for this bill, and
they will administer an effectual remedy to their
own alarms. The terms repulse, reject, refuse,
never heard of by the public, cutting the valley of
the Mississippi, diagonally through thirteen par-
allels of latitude, and sixteen of longitude—a new
line of 2,400 miles in length, every inch of it with-
in our natural and acknowledged limits, is estab-
lished. 8th. Some hundred thousand square miles of
national territory are ceded to a foreign power.
2. It transferred 200,000 square miles from a re-
public to a monarchy—from the flag of freedom to
the sceptre of despotism—from such a republic as
the United States to such a king as Ferdinand VII.
The treaty was made with that king—the country
was ceded to him—the population upon it, and to
be upon it, were to be the subjects of his crown;
and, if this has not happened—if the territory and
the people are not under the odious and despicable
tyranny of this king,—it is not the effect of any
merit in the treaty, but results from the successful
termination of that revolution which it was the
avowed object of the treaty to obstruct and prevent,
by interposing a "desert,'1 to impede the march of
troops, to arrest the communication of republican
ideas, to intercept the light of liberty, and to shut
out the name and knowledge of these free states
from the whole vice-royalty of Mexico.
3. Religious liberty appears next to plead the
cause of universal toleration, and to accuse, at the
bar of all Christendom, a treaty which removed so
large and so fair a portion of the earth from the lib-
eral indulgence guarantied by our constitution to
every human being whom it protects—the liberty to
worship his Creator in the manner he pleases—and
placed it under a dominion which permits but one
form of the Christian religion, and that under the
guardianship of the terrible Inquisition. _
4. Science follows in the train of civil and reli-
gious liberty, to accuse and denounce a treaty
which enlarged the boundaries of ignorance and
mental darkness personified in the Spanish govern-
ment over her American colonies, (at the expense
of the country which, above all others upon earth,
is the greatest promoter of education and learning
among the people,) and by which an immense re-
gion was taken fom the dominion of light and trans-
ferred to the dominion of darkness. Persons unac-
quainted with the black and jealous despotism of
the Spanish kings over their American possessions,
will hear with astonishment that no book, except of
religion, printed since the era of the American revo-
lution, would be admitted into the Spanish colonies,
except upon a special license—nor then, if it con-
tained one word favorable to the rights and liberties
of the human race. Ignorance, profound and uni-
versal, in the body of the people, was the aim and
care of the royal government. Education was re-
served for the upper ranks and the civil and reli-
gious orders. Cimmerian darkness was spread by
law, and perpetuated by the cares of the govern-
ment, over the minds of the multitude; and, to en-
large the dominion, to extend the circle, to increase
the empire, of this hideous policy, abhorred of God
and man, was 200,000 square miles <>f territory ta-
ken from the republican flag of the United States,
and placed beneath the iron sceptre of Ferdinand
VII.
5. The inhabitants of Africa, subject to be torn
from their native soil by a traffic at which humanity
shudders—which morality qualifies as diabolical—
which the laws denounce as piratical—have a right
to lift their cries and imprecations against this treaty.
As a part of the United States, no inhabitant of Af-
rica could be carried in bondage to Texas: as a part
of the dominions of the kings of Spain, it becomes
a new and enlarged theatre for the perpetration of
the African slave trade.
The Mexican revolution has prevented this conse-
quence, and has even abolished every species of
slavery; but the negotiator of the treaty of 1819 can
claim no merit for this abolition. He could not fore-
see that the revolution, if successful, would abolish
slavery; and the treaty itself was made upon the
idea that the revolution was a rebellion, and for the
avowed purpose of obstructing its success. * * *
200,000 square miles of territory, on which nothing
