COmMWHAL r,LOBIl
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIYES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
THURSDAY, JUNE 13, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 42.
[Continued from No. 41.]
spurn, and drive away, will then have no more
place on paper, or in sound, than they have in rea-
son. Texas will still be solicited to come into our
Union, and will have the authentic assurance of a
cordial reception which will admit of no mistake.
I now ask leave to bring in the bill of which I
gave notice, premising that it is a bill of principles,
not of details—that it is the basis for treaties, in nego-
tiating upon which the President may have the as-
surance which the House of Representatives gave
to Mr. Jefferson in relation to the same subject in
1806—that, in whatever he does in conformity to
these bases, he will have the approbation and sup-
port of Congress.
Mr. B. then offered his bill, as follows :
Ji bill to provide Jor the annexation of Texas to the
United Stales.
Beit enacted, Sfc., That the President of the United
States be, and he hereby is, authorized and advised
to open negotiations with Mexico and Texas for the
adjustment of boundaries, and the annexation of the
latter to the United States, on the following bases;
to wit:
1. The boundary of the annexed territory to be
in the desert prairie west of the Nueces, and along
the highlands and mountain heights which divide
but the mitigpted hereditary slavery known in the
United States could have existed, was given up to the
slavery of the native free-born African. Nay, more:
80,000 square miles of this quantity, which was af-
terwards included in the compromise line, and ex-
empted from slavery, were thus surrendered to the
atrocities of the slave trade supply!
6. A considerate humanity will place in the list of
moral objections to this treaty the deprivation of the
near and salubrious retreat provided by Providence
for the inhabitants of the lower Mississippi. Fatal
and periodical diseases admonish the people of the
South of the annual necessity of withdrawing for a sea-
son from the cities and places exposed to contagion or
infection, or to the deleterious action of local causes.
Providence, which does nothing in vain, which
permits no evil without providing a remedy, had
furnished in the salubrious atmosphere, and proxi-
mate territory and mountains of Texas, a safe
and ready retreat to the people of the delta in the
period of their autumnal fevers. The wisdom and
patriotism of Jefferson, and the Congress of 1803-4,
gave them a legal title to this providential advantage:
the treaty of 1819 deprived them of it. The moral
right, founded in the wisdom and goodness of God,
exists. The legal right, dependent on the sovereign-
ty of the soil, is lost and gone; wantonly sacrificed,
and only to be recovered by wisdom, by patriotism,
by money, with the lapse of time and the concur-
rence of fortune.
7. The seventh and last of the moral objections
to this treaty, will, in the opinion of many, surpass
in enormity either of the others, and be equally en-
titled to stand at the head, or close the rear, of the
formidable list. It is, indeed, a heavy objection, in-
volving a direct breach of the positive commands of
God, and presenting an open offence against the de-
signs of Providence, and the social order of the civ-
ilized world. * * * 9 God gave the
earth to man, with a positive command to subdue
and cultivate it, to replenish it, and multiply upon
it. He gave him dominion over the beasts of the
forest, the fowls of the air, the fish of the sea; over
the herb and the grass, and the creeping thing that
eometh upon the earth. Whosoever, then, under-
takes to remove any portion of the earth from under
the dominion of man, and to perpetuate upon it the
dominion of the beast, violates the command of
God, frustrates his divine intention, and sins against
the social order of the universe. This terrible de-
nunciation the negotiators of the Florida treaty have
richly and conspicuously earned. They made to
3he Spanish ministers the proposition of establish-
ing a "desert," between the United States and the
frontiers of Mexico, and pressed it upon them. They
made the proposition twice in conversation, and
three times in writing, at Madrid; it was made
again in all the form of a drawn-up article at Wash-
ington, and territory gratuitously offered within the
the waters of the Mississippi from the waters of the
Rio del Norte, and to latitude 42 degrees north.
2. The people of Texas, by a legislative act, or
by any authentic act which shows the will of the
majority, to express their assent to said annexa-
tion.
3. -A- State, to be called " The State of Texas,"
with boundaries fixed by herself, and an extent not
exceeding that of the largest State in the Union, be
admitted into the Union, by virtue of this act, on an
equal footing with the original States.
4. The remainder of the annexed territory to be
held and disposed of by the United States as one of
their Territories, and to be called "the Southwest
Territory."
5. The existence of slavery to be forever prohibit-
ed in the northern and northwestern part of said
Territory, so as to divide, as equally as may be,
the whole of the annexed country between slavehold-
ing and non-slaveholding States.
fi. The assent of Mexico to be obtained by treaty
to such annexation and boundary, or to be dispensed
with when the Congress of the United States may
deem such assent to be unnecessary.
7. Other details of the annexation to be adjusted
by treaty, so far as the same may come within the
scope of the treaty-making power.
The bill was then read, and ordered to a second
reading; and,
limits of the republic, to compose its entire extent,
great and excessive as that was. * * *
Impious as was this conception of a desert—sin-
ful as it was against God—unnatural as it was to-
wards man—hostile as it was to republicanism, and
to social order—it was not without example in the
history of British America, in reference to the same
magnificent and imperial valley, and for the same
monarchial purpose, of preventing the growth and
establishment of republican States. The famous
Lord North, author of the stamp act and tea tax,
and architect, in spite of himself, of the American
revolution, was the piime conceiver, and first pro-
jector, of a desert in the fair and fruitful valley of
the West. He brought forward his plan in the Brit-
ish Parliament, in the winter of 1774-5. The
scheme was to establish a desert of 250,000 square
miles on the eastern slope of the great valley, cov-
ering all the territory now comprised in the States of
Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and a
part of Alabama—his object, to prevent free-
men, American colonists, from planting them-
selves in this beautiful region, and forming a
republic. The indignant eloquence of Burke
denounced this impious conception—crushed it in
the shell, and delivered up its author to an immor-
tality of reproach, (1.) But in perpetuating the
chame of the projector, he also perpetuated the
memory of the project; and in this surrender to
Spain, we have an imitation of it.
LA SALLE.
St. Louis, November 10, 1829.
(1) "As the growing population of the colonies is evidently
one cause ol their resistance, it was, last session, mentioned
in both houses, by men of weight, and received not with*
out applause, that, in order to check this evil, it would be
proper for the crown to make no further grants of land But
what would be the effect ol this measure'this avarice of
desolation' tlus hoarding ol a rojal wilderness' (f yon
stopped your grants, the p.ople v. otii.-i occupy without
grants. They have already so occupied in nvrty places.
oti cannot st ition garrisons m ever; port of t!..1-, deserts
If you dme the people trom one place they wil carrv on
their annii il till ige, and remove with thur flocks and herds
to another i\lan) of the peoplein the back settlements ate
already little attached to particular situations. Already
they have topped the Appalachian uiountuns 1 roni th"nce
they behold before them an immense plain—one vast. lich,
level meadow; a sqnaie of five huniired miles. 0\er this
they w ould wander without a possitahty of restraint; they
would change their manners, w ith the habits of their life;
would soon forget a government lu w Inch they wt re dis-
owned; would become hordes ol Knavish Tartars and pour-
ing down upon V our unfortified fronti'-rs a fier( c and irie-
sistible cavalry, become masters of your governors, \ our
councillors, your collectors, and comptrollers, and all the
followers that adhered to them Such v\ ould be. and m no
long time must be the eftect of attempting to to: bid as a
crime, and to suppress as an evil, the command and blessing
ol Providence—"increase and multiply" Such would be
the happy result which an endeavor to keep, as a lair for
wild beasts, that earth which God, by an express charter,
has given to the children of men "—fjieteh on the resolutions
jor cone illation with the colonies, March ■2'2, 17 ifi.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, ordered to be
printed.
A message was received from the House announ-
cing the death of Almon H. Read, late a Represent-
ative from the State of Pennsylvania, and that reso-
lutions had been adopted testifying the respect of
that body for the memory of the deceased, and
asking the concurrence of the Senate therein; which
being read,
Mr. STURGEON rose and addressed the Senate
as follows:
Mr. President: The message just received, an-
nounces to us that death has again been in our midst.
Whilst we have been earnestly engaged in the vain
struggles of this mortal life, death has often, since
the commencement of the present session, intruded
itself, and selected its victims, to remind us that we
are but pilgrims and sojourners on the earth, as our
fathers were.
Almon H. Read, our late esteemed associate and
friend, is no more. He died at his residence in
Montrose, Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania, sur-
rounded by an affectionate family and sympathizing
friends, who did all that human kindness could do
to alleviate the sufferings of his last illness, and
smooth his passage through the dark valley of the
shadow of death.
Mr. Read was born at Shelburne, in the State of
Vermont, on the 12th of June, 1790. He received
his education partly in the University of Burlington,
in his native State, and partly at Williamstown Col-
lege, in the State of Massachusetts, and was a good
classical scholar. In 1814, he settled in Montrose,
Pennsylvania, where he resided to the day of his
death.
My acquaintance commenced with Mr. Read in
1827, when he first took his seat in the legislature
of Pennsylvania. Our friendship continued uninter-
rupted from that time till a few weeks since, when
he left the seat of government for his home to leave
his remains among those who knew him best and
loved him most. Mr. Read was elected to the pop-
ular branch of the Pennsylvania legislature five suc-
cessive sessions. Although he could not be called:
the originator of our State internal improvement sys-
tem, yet it owed much of its progress to completion
to his energy, activity, and perseverance. In 1832,
he was elected a member of the State Senate, and
for four years was actively engaged in carrying out
his early views on the subject of our improvement
system. In 1836, he was elected a member of the
convention to amend the constitution of the State;
and here, although on a new theatre, and having
new subjects to engage his attention, the character olf
Mr. Reap for talents lost nothing by the change.
He appeared to much advantage, when coming in
mental collision with the talented men who were as-
sembled together on that occasion. He showed
himself intimately acquainted with our forms of gov-
ernment. He was bold in announcing his views,
and energetic in carrying them out. The various
speeches made by him on that occasion will hand
down his name to posterity as a civilian of the first
order, logical in debate, and energetic in action. A
short time after the dissolution of the convention,
he was elected State treasurer, in which situation
he served one year. He was subsequently elected
twice, as a member qf Congress. Here his talents
were not ho conspicuous, nor could they be properly
estimated, because, previous to His taking his seat,
that frill distroyer, so flattering in its progress to tli^
subject of it, yet holding out no con?ohn£ hopes to
the observant friends?, had marked him fonts victim.
He died of consumption on the 3d inst , in the 54th
year of his a^e.
Mr. Read was a sincere ft lend, an affectionate
husband, and a kind and tender parent. He le^t no
wife to sorrow over his grave—the partner of his
bosom having preo.eeded him to the tomb but a few
short months; but he has left an amiable and inter-
esting family, to whom the bereavement must be pe-
culiarly poignant. Let his example urge them on
to imitate his course; and while they lament his
death, they lament not as those without hope. Hp
died as he had lived, "an honest man* the noblest
work of God."
Mr. S. concluded by submitting the following
resolutions: "
