CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&59
Mr. ARCHER could not speak for that commit-
tee, but expressed the opinion that, from the short-
ness of time, it would be impossible for that commit-
tee to act this session.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that he had urged
action upon the memorials at the instance of the me-
morialists. He had received several letters urging
him to endeavor to procure action upon the subject
this session.
Mr. ARCHER said it was not that he was ad-
verse to action on the memorials this session, if it
could be had, which had induced him to make the
remark; but he wished it to go abroad, without
presuming to indicate it as the excuse of the com-
mittee, that the time was too short to decide upon a
question of such magnitude this session. If the
committee should find time, he presumed the subject
would be attended to. If not, the reason should be
known. It was not now necessary to show that
there was no indifference on the part of the Senate
to the subject of the memorials.
Mr. BERRIEN said he had listened to the sug-
gestions of the senator from Pennsylvania the other
day, on this question, of the action of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary , in silence, because he thought
it did not become him to anticipate the views or de-
sire of a committee of which he was a member; but,
at the same time, under the conviction which he
thought actuated every individual who had heard
the remarks of that senator in relation to action on
a question of this magnitude this session. There
could hardly be found, during this part of the ses-
sion of Congress, any committee of this body to
bestow the necessary attention upon this subject.
Here was a question of the greatest importance, and
so considered ever since the foundation of the gov-
ernment, which had recently been productive of
great excitement, the result of which was very deep-
ly to be deplored. In this state of agitation of the
public mind, the memorialists had presented their
prayer, at a very late period of the session of Con-
gress; and the Committee on the Judiciary were
called upon to make a report. These memorialists,
of course, desire their prayer to be granted. If the
committee were to act now, they would either have
to condemn the prayer, or suggest some rule of ac-
tion upon the subject. The Judiciary Committee
had a variety of matter before them now, which
engaged and occupied their attention. He had not yet
had an opportunity of ascertaining what the opinion
of the committee was in relation to the course
which ought to be pursued in relation to these me-
morials; and until that was done, he did not consid-
er himself at liberty to say what that course would
be. He had reason, therefore, to hope that, in con-
sequence of the urgency that had been expressed by
the senator from Pennsylvania, that this subject
would gain the attention of the committee; but at
the same time, to express the opinion that it was too
late in the session for the agitation of so important
a question, and too late to authorize the anticipation
that it would receive the deliberate action of the
committee.
Mr. ALLEN said: I wish to make a remark or
two on the subject of these memorials, other sena-
tors having done so.
[Here the Chair suggested that there was no
question before the Senate.]
To which Mr. ALLEN replied: There is no
question formally before the Senate; but other sena-
tors have proceeded mfornnalli) to express their opin-
ions as to the object of the memorialists, and the
propriety of the Judiciary Committee reporting
upon ths subject at the present session. I desire,
therefore, with the permission of the Senate, to ex-
press, very briefly, my opinion. The senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] if I understood him aright,
declared that he agreed with the memorialists; that
the laws ought so to be altered as to require all na-
tive-born citizens, of other countries, who come to
reside among us, to remain disfranchised for twenty-
one years, before they are allowed to be naturalized;
and that, if no other senator did so, he would, at
the next sessijn, introduce a bill for that purpose.
[Here Mr. Archer said, "certainly," "certainly."]
Well, sir, I stand here utterly opposed to any such
change or the. laws to the prejudice of these people.
[Here Mr. Buchanan said, "That is right; that is
right."] I shall oppose it, not only on the general
-ground of its manifest injustice and inhumanity to-
wards these people, but also, because nothing could
tend more to exasperate the feelings of men, and to
disturb that harmony which it is so desirable should
subsist between all parts of our population. I can
ponceive of nothing more certainly calculated to ex-
cite hostility to; our institutions, in the very bosom
of our country, than a measure which proposes to
exclude from the benefits and rights of citizenship,
hundreds of thousands of honest, industrious, and
upright men, who have quit their native land, be-
cause of the oppression which there they suffered,
and sought freedom under our flag, which they are
ever ready to defend. When such a measure shall
be presented, I shall resist its adoption to the utter-
most of my power.
Mr. EVANS presented a similar memorial from
citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia, for
air extension to twenty-one years of the period for
naturalization: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Also, presented memorials from citizens of Pros-
pect, Camden, Bucksport, Belfast, and Frankfort,
Maine, remonstrating against the passage of the bill
from the House erecting a new collection district on
the Penobscot river: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from the
Bank of the Metropolis in the City of Washington,
praying that provision may be made for the adjust-
ment of their ciaim against the Post Office Depart-
ment: referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
citizens of Ypsilanti, Michigan, against the ratifica-
tion of the Texas treaty, and any plan for the an-
nexation of that government to the United States,
believing that such an act would involve this coun-
try in a war, which would be disastrous to its com-
merce, and would hazard the stability of the Union.
And a similar remonstrance from Monroe, Michi-
gan; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ARCHER gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to carry into
effect the treaty between the United States ana Por-
tugal and the Netherlands.
Mr. McDUFPIE said it would be seen, from the
Eroceedings of the other House, that the bill which
ad passed the Senate for the recharter of the banks
of the District of Columbia, had been finally dis-
posed of. Looking to that fact alone, and without
the suggestion of any human being in the District,
he felt it to be his solemn duty, as a member exer-
cising the power of legislation over this District, to
use his exertions to save the people from the terri-
ble calamity which would result from the sudden
withdrawal of the banking privileges which they
had been exercising.
Perhaps there was no man in the United States
more deeply impressed with the importance of the
great reform which was now in progress in the sys-
tems of currency which prevailed in England and
the United States—in one for cei.turies, and in the
other for more than half a century.
He was a thorough convert to the principles re-
cently avowed by Sir Robert Peel; and he took oc-
casion to say now, ag he had said or intimated fifteen
years ago, that it would have been a blessing to
mankind if the invention of bank circulation had
never been made; but they cannot close their eyes
to the fact, that they were standing in the midst of a
state of things which it would be desolation to de-
stroy. No man could see the present condition of
the United States without seeing that a paper cur-
rency, to some extent, must be maintained for a cer-
tain time; and that a sudden withdrawal of that
currency would be one of the greatest calamities
that could be inflicted upon the community.
What was the condition of this District' They
have a large bank circulation, and several banks,
with privileges extended to them by this govern-
ment. The people of the District were especially
committed !o the charge of the general government.
Congress w«s their guardian. What would be the
result of a sudden withdrawal of ihe banking privi-
leges which they now enjoy? It would be utter
prostration. It would be placing the people in an
exhausted receiver—taking away the air tliey
breathe, although it might not he very pure. He
trusted, therefore, that the Senate would concur
with him in adopting a temporary measure lor iheir
relief—that of extending tneir charter one year, to
avoid the calamity which would result from a sud-
den withdrawal.
He therefore gave notice that, on to-morrow, he
would ask leave to introduce a bill to extend the
charter of the banks of the District one year.
NATURALIZATION AGAIN.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of the city and county of Philadelphia in favor
of extending the probation of foreigners to twenty-
one years before naturalization.
Mr. B. said he was opposed to the prayer of the,
memorial; and adopted the remarks of the senator
from Ohio [Mr. Allen] this morning, on • this sub-
ject. He concurred-fully with those remarks.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial adopted at
a public meeting of the citizens of Bond county, Il-
linois, on the. subject of the termination of the. Cum-
berland road on the Mississippi river; which was
ordered to lie on the table. *
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, 1,000 copies were ordered to be
prill tsd of the report of Professor R. Johnsonof a se-
ries of experiments made by him, during twenty-one
months past, under the direction of the Navy De-
partment, to test the character and qualities of dif-
ferent coals of this country, and of those imported
from Europe.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been committed the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the House bill for the relief of the widows
of officers and seamen who were lost on board the
schooner Grampus, recommended that the Senate
concur in the amendments of the House. [The
amendments of the House strike out the 3d, 4th,
and 6th sections of the bill, which provided for the
cases of the Missouri, the John Adams, and the
Peacock.] The question was then put, and the
amendments of the House were concurred in.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill for
the relief of William P. Duval.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse reports (which were ordered
to be printed) on the following bills from the
House, viz:
An act for the relief of A. W. Bodley.
An act for the relief of Uriah Loomis.
An act for the relief of Sherman Pierce; and
An act for the relief of Susannah Warner, widow
of Lieut. William Read.
' Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, House bills of the
following titles, viz:
An act for the relief of C. P Sengstack.
An act for the relief of Josiah Dillon, late assist-
ant quartermaster in the army; and
An act for the relief of Margaret Dougherty.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
S. S. Bishop, late postmaster at Tuscumbia,
Albama, praying remuneration for losses sustained
by him in consecjuence of a change of his duties;
and from the petition of Thomas Herrick, praying
compensation for carrying the mail.
Mr. M., from the same committee, reported back,
without amendment and with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed, the joint resolution
from the House for the benefit of Saltmarsh &
Fuller.
Also, from the same committee, reported back the
joint resolution from the House for the benefit of
William Fuller, accompanied by a report concluding
with a recommendation that the resolution be laid on
the table.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which the subject was referred, re-
ported the following resolution; which, after a few
remarks by Mr. HAYWOOD against it, and Mr.
WOODBRIDGE in its favor, was adopted—viz:
Reso/i ed. That the i t*i ort of the geological exploration of
a past of ,o\va, V\ icr.jiiMii and Illinois made mii.er instruc-
tions of the fieoretan ol the 'ireasui)' of the United States,
m the autumn ot tlie'year 1*!3 , l.y David bale Owen, M D ,
pimcipal a^ent to t \j lore the mineral lands of the United
States, an ! oomtiiUlwated to the House ol Representatives
in the !':esident ot the I rated StoUsonor about the 4th
('.ay of lime. !S4 l, together u >: ii the maps and illn-.tiaUous
aeeoinp.iU) in^ the <-aiM\ be p: ;r.:e.: !oI the u: e ol the Seil-
yte P.oiided, That, ol the same report, v, ith said maps and
'H'ftrations, there be printed an additional number of 6C0
eopits for the use of the General Land Office, and 1,000 ad-
ditional copies for the use of the Senate
Mr. RIVES presented a petition from citizens of
Nelson county, Virginia, remonstrating against any
cha :<■ in the existing tariff: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also presented a petition from citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying that the natuialization laws may
be altered so as to extend the prolationary period
to twenty-one years: referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. WHITE, from the Ccmmi:tee on Ir.dhn
