674
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
April, 1844...
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Ramsey:
H. of Reps'.
er's table, they would hide the Speaker entirely from the
sight of the House; and it was also a fact, that not one sin-
fle petition in favor of this British destructive bill had been
anaed ilito the House.
Again, Sir, I want the people to know the fact, that, al-
though the* democratic majority of this House printed
twenty thousand extra copies of the report accompanying
this bill from the Committee of Ways and Means, they pub-
lished only ten thousand of the minority report from the
same committee, and refused4o publish any "extra copies of
the able report of the Committee on Manufactures in favor
of the protective policy. "Why has this course been adopted
by them? Why did they vote down the resolution of the
^honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Gen. Hardin,] calling
ior information relative to Duff* Green's semi-official visit to
^England? Sir, it looks very much as if tlicy feared that the
people would have too much light on the subject, and would
render a verdict against their Utopi.an free-trade scheme.
Happily for the best interests of the country, the people are
every where discussing .this subject, being fully convinced
of its paramount importance. And 1 venture most confi-
dently to predict that the friends of the protective policy can
this floor will be sustained by their constituents in all sec-
tions of the Union.
Sir, these self-styled democrats tapped thq, people on
the head, saying that they were their friends; while,
at the same time, they were stabbing them under the
fifth rib. But the people are beginning to understand it. In
my own district, which gave a "democratic" majority of
1,B6Q heretofore, my opponent had taken the ground of oppo-
sition to ^protective tariff, but was willing to go for a "rev-
enue" tuSr3'"judicious" one. I took the broad ground in fa-
vor of a protective tariff, and had overcome not only the
1.S80 opposite majority, but stand here with a majority of 534.
That was the ground on which the battle had been fought;
and I warn gentleman from the West and the North that the
eyes of their constituents are on them, and that the people,
instead of setting them in one of these easy hair cloth chairs,
with brass rollers, with their feet, at least some of them, put
up in the faces of the ladies m the gallery, and of the Speak-
er of> the House, will place them, should they persist in
pressing this measure, in a state of dignified retirement, and
give them full leisure to engage in the pursuits and enjoy-
ments of private life.
(A,PROTECTIVE TARIFF INSURES A GOOD CURRENCY.
A. so.und currency is among the greatest blessirigs a com-
mercial nation can possibly enjoy, and is essential to the
prosperity of every branch of trade. In order to keep the cir-
culating medium of this country in a healthy state, we have
only to continue the presenttariffsystem, the operations of
which already have turned and settled the balance of ex-
change In our favor, and we shall continue to be blessed
with a currency unsurpassed by any, the natural effect of
which will be to give stability to fhe value of labor and prop-
erty, and promote a general advancement m prosperity and
national wealth, in which every individual in the communi-
ty is more or less interested. If, on the other hand, you
fiass this bill, the imports must be increased to such an ex-
ent, to atford revenue sufficient for the wants of the gov-
ernment, as far to overbalance the exports of the country,
and tke natural consequence will be to drain the nation of
its specie, and inevitably to introduce in its stead, as we ha\ e
had already abundant evidence, a depreciated paper cur-
rency; This consideration alone should admonish us to
profit by expedience, and not interfere with the present
tariffla\y, which has restored us to a sound currency.
Under this la\y we imported, during the year ending 1st
September, 1843, gold and silver, amount-
ing to - - - - - $23,741,631
And exported during the same period - - 3,113,399
Leaving .... $20,623,232
to sustain the circulating medium of the country.
Mf. Chanman, if in opposition to the will of the people,
totally disregarding the hundreds of petitions now on your
table/remonstrating against any change in the present tariff
law, and without a single petition in favor of the proposed
bill, you recklessly pass this bill, so destructive of all the
protective features of the present law, you will everywhere
s-top the water wheels of our factories; you will extinguish
the fires of our furnaces; you will throw the man of busi-
ness into the power of the grinding shaver, or money lender,
}ou will paralyze the arm of the mechanic; you will wrest
the needle from the fingers of the tailor and the seamstress;
you will make the rich richer, and the industrial classes
poorer; in a word, you will send want and misery stalking
through the land, all, all for the purpose of carrying out
your unhallowed party schemes. But, sir, I warn gentlemen
that many here who give their support k) this measure, will
sign their political death warrant, and this destructive Brit-
ish bill will prove their winding sheet.
At the conclusion of Mr. Owen's remarks, through the
courtesy of Mr. W. Hunt, who yielded the floor, Mr. Weih-
hred said:
fn answer to the rhapsody of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Oy\kn,] all I have to say is, that there is this diffeience
between the distinguished gentleman whose portrait adorns
This hall, (Gen. La Fayette,) and the gentleman from Indiana.
He (pointing to the portrait) fought for the liberties of our
people, whilst that gentleman (pointing to Mr. Owts)
wishes to deprive them of real independence.
SPEECH OF MR. RAMSEY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
hi the Howe of Representatives, Jlpril 29, 1844—On the tariif
bill.
Mr. RAMSEY said:
Mr. Chairman: I should be content, under the present
state of the tariff question in this House, to show my dissent
only by voting against the proposition from the Committee
of Ways and Means, were it not that the issue is the most
important one which can be presented to my constituency,
3nd upon which depend, in a great measure, all the interests
of the extensive coal and iron district which I have the hon-
£>r te.represent. It seems passing strange, that, with suoji
recent evidence of the blighting and blasting effects of low •
duties on imports—with the knowledge before us that our
country, by its young and hardy energies, under the cheer-
ing influences of the tariff of 1842, is jpst beginning to re-
cover itself; that the remuneration of labor, which i.> the
most unerring staudard of national prosperity, has increased
so as to bring smiles to the hearth-stone, and joy to the cab-
ins, of our miners and colliers; and that all kinds of busi-
ness, as if touched by a magic wand, were becoming reani-
, mated,—it seems-strange, I say, that the honorable Commit-
tee of Ways and Means should, unnecessarily and unsolicit-
ed,by willing again to launch upon the sea of experiment,
break down the landmarks and watchtowers which now di-
rect us in our course, and, rudderless and compassless,
tempt again the frightlul storms of 1837, '38, and '40, when
commercial distress, a bankrupt nation, and a death-like
stagnation of all the arteries of business, bore appalling ev-
idence of the ruin brought upon us by unwise and precipi-
tate legislation. Wise judges they of the withes and wants
of the people, who one year undo what had been called for
the preceding year, without waiting to see the result and
practical operations of the system!, How can, how dare
any member of the majority of the Committee of Ways
and Means; say that they act in deference to the popular
wish in disturbing the tariff of 1842, when, from the wide-
spread extent of oui Union, not a single petition has reach-
ed our Speaker's desk asking for change or modification;
but, on the contrary,'from every section, from every city,
village, and hamlet, from the hardy artisan and the toil-
worn farmer, from the follower of the sea and the delver of
the land, from every class of industrial labor, from all who
"wear the signet seal of toil, the stamp of the sunshine and
the storm," we have counties*, petitions, not assuming the
languagp of command, which our sovereigns might use, but
entreating us not to alter or modify the tdrifl oi '12 until it
shall have beenfanly tested by experience. Why should
we change it? Look around upon our country—the sun of
heaven never smiled upon a happier land! Its every port is
filled with towering masts; from every side we hear the
roar of steam and tke clang of machinery—the shuttle, the
sledge, the trip-hammer, and the ringing anvil make cheer-
ful music to the eai of happy and remunerated labor. Why
should we turn this scene to one ofblasted poverty7—why
should we, when those who should be the objects of our
care and solicitude ask us for bread, give them a stone?
Why turn all the fruits of their joyous industry to ashes.
The brand of the military conqueior laying waste our cities,
and burning the harvests of our farmers, could not carry
with it more misery and dismay, than will this bill, if it go
out from these halls the law of the land. The farmer from
his plough, the weaver from his loom, the merchant from
his desk, the collier from his subterranean mine, the black*
smith from his anvil, the shoemaker from his stall, the
smelter from his furnace, and the manufacturer from his
mills—all ask, beg, and implore you not to touch the pres-
ent tariff! Think, then, what a responsibility you. assume;
think how many tears, and sighs, and groans of anguished
poverty may weigh upon your souls, if you disregard the
universal popular wish, and, at the meie behest of party,
pandering the success of any political leader, blindly rush
to break down the gieat protective principle as now ap-
plicable to American industry, the retribution which will
fall upon you will be ample and terrible. "Not for the
crown the Bourbon lost" would I give a vote so deadly
hostile to the interests of my country, so utterly at variance
with the wishes of my people.
The limited time to which the rules of debate circum-
scribe my remarks, will not permit me to enter upon the
prospect which the experience of the past presents. It
would afford an admirable monition for the future. I may,
however, lay down as an axiom founded on that experience,
and demonstrated most conclusively, that the stability of a
tariff'law is of more actual importance than its gradations of
imposts, or ev#n the degree of protection it may afford.
This importance becomes increased when we consider the
effects of vacillating and unstable legislation on the wages
of labor, which constitute the vital principle in a nation,
and is the pulse of its prosperity. The district which em-
braces my constituency is emphatically a working region;
toil and labor in their most busy and arduous aspects are its
characteristics, and its products have hut little intrinsic
value—the entire cost, when they reach market, having
been swelled by on accumulation of various industrial pro-
cesses necessary to the mining, transportation, and ship-
ment of its great staple of anthracite coal.
The anthracite coal trade, though now one of thegieatest
interests of Pennsylvania, is y<it in its infancy. Beginning
in the year 1820 with the mining of 300 tons, transported in
wagons 100 miles to Philadelphia, it has increased gradually
from that period, and last year 1,263,539 tons were raised
and sent to market by a canal and railroad which have cost
millions to erect, and which are solely dependent on that
trade for support. Ten millions of tons have been sent to
market, worth, probably, fifty millions of dollars, although
its price is below that average now. This year it is esti-
mated that one and a half million tons will be required to
supply the demand, thus forming a trade from three coun-
ties of Pennsylvania equal to the whole cotton crop of
South Carolina.
In 1719, the Indians transfered to the proprietary govern-
ment all the country above the Blue Mountain embraced
between the Susquehannah and Delaware livers, including
the vast anthracite coal basins, for <£000, from which legion,
within the bi«t twenty-three years, coal to the value of
$o0,000,000 has been sent, and no more perceptible impres-
sion made on it-, aggregate quantity than would the with-
drawal of n. pail oi* water from the gieat ocean itself. What
was but a few years since a wilderness, is now teeming, with
the discovered w ealth of its mountains, and constitutes a re-
gion of cities and towns, with an enterprising, energetic,
and intelligent community, yielding support to thousands in
my immediate district, and to at least 50,000 persons in the
Stau of Pennsylvania. Pass the bill now before us, and, Mr.
Chairmna, the painful result will be that all these are beg-
gared—the capitalists ruined, the laborer thrown out of em-
ployment, eighty odd miles of canal and an equal length of
railroad rendered useless; and the only possible benefit that
can be imagined would be the probability of purchasing a
yard of cotton cloth a penny cheaper until our own manu-
factures were broken down, and t^cn its price would be
solely regulated by the caprice or the avarice of the foreiga
manufacturer.
Bet the specious.argument is advanced by the opponents -
of a protective tariff, that if ypu decrease the impost duty on
foreign coal, you also reduce Its cost to the consumer, and
that the additional duty is an indirect tax on the people, who
must necessarily use this fuel. The experience of every
housekeeper's pocket shows the fallacy of this. The amount
of coal imported in 1841, under the lowjiuty, was very large, -
both of bituminous and anthracite, and yet the prices were
much higher to the consumer than they have been since un-
der the protective duty of $1 75 per ton. For example: in
the the city of Boston, which is most accessible to foreign
coal and least so to the American, the average retail prices
of bituminous coal were as follows:
Years.
1841
1842
1843
Cannel. Liverpool. Pictou. Sidney.
$12 42 $10 92 $9 25 $9 25
' 10 75 9 41 8 33 9 25
12 60 10 08 8 58 b 58
During these same years the average retail, prices of
anthracite coal in the same market were :
Years. Lehigh. Lackawana. W. A. Schuyl. R. A. Schuyl
1841 - $8 87 $8 75 $8 75 $9 21
1842 7 21 6 96 6 96 7 58
1643 5 76 6 75 5 76 7 08
During the year 1841 there were imported into Boston
107,095 chaldrons of anthracite, and 42,025 of bituminous,
which quantity has decreased about 25 per cent, yetirly; and
yet it will be seen that the bituminous has decreased m
-price the average of 53 cents, and the anthracite $2 81.
what greater evidence of the falsity of "free trade" theories
need be adduced? But the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
WiuchtJ has placed coal as one of the articles in a table
which he read to the House, all of which entered into the
consumption of his constituency, and upon which'he thought
the present tariff bore onerously. H© must have been hard
run for argument \\ hen he adduced coal as an evidence, in-
asmuch as his constituents are not engaged in its mining,
and'will have no call for it while their immense forests re-
main, which they must do for centuries. But suppose any
material reduction should be made in the amount of duty on
foreign coal, which now operates as a protection to the
American collier: what would be the eflect? From Liver-
pool, from Nova Scotia, and the other colonies of Great Brit-
ain, we should have every vess.el arriving at our ports
bringing a greater or smaller quantity of coal for ballast
when freights were short, which could be sold at .cost
prices. Tnis would not of course destroy our trade, but it
would derange it and render it unstable. This would be an
act of gross injustice; for in the Schuylkill region at least
sixteen millions have been expended to bring that trade to
its present condition; and a like sum has probably been
expended on the other anthracite coal basins in Penn-
sjlvania. Reduction of duty would not only prove injurious
to this vast investment of capital,but all other interests would
perhaps be as detrimentally affected—the manufacturers
o( the North, now our principal customers—the iron works
of our own State, and the general prosperity of the country
would receive a blow at the same time. A question of vital
importance to my constituents then arises: If our customers
and the consumers of their produce are all -impoverished,
where are to be found markets and purchasers for their
staple7 What would become of the thousands of persons
now dependent on the business? They would all have to
look to the farmer for employment; he now pays a laborer
six or seven dollars a month; what would be the influence
of this large addition of hands to an already full stock'?
Wages would come down to ruinous prices. The "bless-
ings and benefits" which an honorable senator from my
State once asserted would flow from a reduced standard of
wages, would paralyze the arm of industry. We should
all be producers, and not consumers; and of course .the
home market of the farmer would be destroyed, and he
would be less able to pay a laborer's wages than he now is.'
The same evil results would "be felt by the manufacturers
of iron, woollens, and cottons, and we should be left en-
tirely at the mercy of foreign producers.
There is another consideration, Mr. Chairman, which
should impress itself upon this committee and the entire
Union, in reference to the policy of protection, and its ef-
fects upon the coal trade. It will fall with more force, as
it appeals to every sense of justice. The mining population
of our country consists principally of foreigners, who have
been allured to our happy land o'f freedom by the advan-
tages which have been held out as inducements to emigra-
tion, and by the natural wish of man to breathe the air
where liberty exists in its most attractive forms. They are a
hardy race; their employment is one of danger and privation;
but yet they toil cheerfully and steadily, and constitute
as sober, intelligent, and moral a portion of our citizens as
any I have ever"had.the pleasure of associating with. Jn the
mining district of Schuylkill county, there are more places
of public worship m proportion to its population than prob-
ably in any poition of our Union; and on the Sabbath, when
the toils of the week are ended, 5 ou will see long lines of
well dressed, orderly behaved, healthy looking men, at
tended by their families, wending their churchward way,
while the bell tolls out the hour of prayer and thanksgiving.
Often, sir, 011 week day nights, when the day's work is over,
and the marks of toil have been carefully effaced you will
luarl'rom the little nests of cottages, which cluster around
each mine, the song of praise ascend in the still night as
puie, as holy, and as exemplary an offering as was ever
bioathed m the proud cathedrals of their native land, or
ever swelled to the deep tones of the magnificent organ.
Sn, I have heard with regret almost with pain, that the
policy of a sister State has it in contemplation to employ
convicts m the labors of the mine: it seems to almost a de-
grading profanation of an occupation which now embraces
some of the most useful and patriotic citizens of our re-
public.
These adopted scions of our tree of liberty, Mr. Chairman,
have made many sacrifices in leaving their native land, by
which we have been benefited They have brought skill
and experience to our aid, and under their guidance the
mining business of our countiy has risen to a mechanical
perfection unequalled by any of the collieries of the old
world. Is it, sir, too much to say that we, the law makers
of the land, are under a tacit pledge to prptect tke interest
