CONGRESSIONAL GtOftl.
fairs, reported back, without amendment, the House
bill for the relief of Henry S. Commager.
' Also reported back, with an amendment, the bill
from the House explanatory of the treaty made
■with the Chippewa Indians at Saginaw, the 23d of
January, 1838. L .
Also reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it be laid on the table,
the House bill to prevent trespass on Indian lands.
The question was taken, and the bill was laid upon
the table.
Also, on his motion, the Committee on Indian
Affairs was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the documents relating to the claim of Har-
man Grigg and Josiah Higgins, for payment for
property stolen by the Osage Indians in 1813; and
from the memorial of the heirs of David Brearly
lifte agent for the removal of the Cherokee Indians'
for extra compensation fop said service.
On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the memorial of John FVazee, praying the
payment of a balance due him for his services as
architect and superintendent of the building of the
New York custom house.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions
reported back without amendn^nt, and with a re-
commendation that they do pass, the bills from the
House for the relief of Marcay Olds, and for the re-
lief of Daniel W. Church.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse re-
ports (which were ordered to be printed) on the peti-
tion of Elizabeth femith for a pension, and t?ie petition
of Anne Houston for arrears of pension.
i?' reP°J^d back, with a recommendation that
they be indefinitely postponed, the foJlowing House
bills, viz:
The bill for the relief of Franklin P. Ambler,
Charles P. Ambler, and Elizabeth Pearce, the sur-
viving children of Elizabeth Rowe.
The act for the relief of Samuel Butler, of Vir-
gmia. '
The act granting a pension to Susannah Scott, the
widow of William Scott.
The act for the relief of Isaac Parker.
The act for the relief of Mary B. Perrv and
others. - 3
Also, reported, from the same committee, a joint
resolution explanatory of the "act making appro-
priation for the payment of revolutionary and other
pensioners of the United States for the fiscal vear
ending the 30th June, 1845," so that the applications
for pensions filed in the pension office previous to
the passage of that act shall not be subject to its
provisions. J
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from certain
residents of the county of Scott, Missouri, asking a
pre-emption right to certain tracts of land: referred
10 the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported back, without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it be indefinitely postponed,
SommLneT H°USe ^ ^ °f
Also, reported back, without amendment, and with
a recommendation that they do pass, the House
bills of the following titles, viz:
£rantin£* Pen5ion to Bethia Healy, the
widow of Oteorge Healy, deceased.
An act for the relief of Alice Usher: and
An act for the relief of Asa Davis.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Commit-
tee on Pensions was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Martha Emmel and
others, widows of revolutionary soldiers, praying to
be allowed pensions for life.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse re-
Rffl0" petitions of Nancy Smith, widow of
Charles Smith, a soldier in the United States army,
tor a pension; and the petition of the widow of Na-
Mr tS p °f 1116 revol«tion. for a pension.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported back without amendment, and with
ihpewil'Te^atl0ir 'I'" indefillitely postponed,
Clapp! rd'ef °f D&niel ClaPP and Betsey
withnm j16 Rame ,com.mit ee, reported back,
that it An n With a recommendation
T inti iPf ^ fol"tlie relief of MrrvAnn
State of Virginia.- Y
r. MOREHEAD, from the majority of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, reported a jomt reso!
thpl<ChemI gf0rtllesat"factionof daims under
llL J ke? treaty of 1835 and 1836: which was
read, and ordered to a secon() f€ading, 8
The bill providing for the insane hospital in the
District of Columbia, which had been returned from
the House with amendments, was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
_On motion of Mr. EVANS, the House bill ma-
king appropriations for the support of the army for
the fiscal year ending on the 30th day of June,
1845, was taken up as in committee of the whole,
with the amendments submitted by the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. EVANS explained that these amendments
had been rendered necessary in consequence of the
Senate haying laid on the table, indefinitely, the
House bill, generally called the army retrenchment
bill. The present bill was made to conform to the
retrenchments then expected; but the retrenchment
bill having failed, it became necessary to restore the
estimates of the "VSTai- Department; which was what
the Committee on Finance proposed in the amend-
ments now submitted.
The amendmedts were read and adopted as fol-
lows::
To change the appropriation " for the pay of the
army" from $1,273,279 69 to jl,317,442.
To insert for commutation of officers' subsistence,
$464,372; for commutation of officers' horses,
$107,315; for payments in lieu of clothing for dis-
charged soldiers and officers' servants, §58,890; for
surveys in reference to the military defences of the
frontiers, inland and atlantic, §10,000; for military
and geographical surveys west of the Mississippi,
$20,000; for continuing the surveys of the northern
and northwestern lakes, $20,000; for amount of for-
tincations, $100,000; to change the appropriation for
current expenses of the ordnance service, from
^ $95,000; to strike out the proviso pro-
fnbitmg any part of the appropriation for Spring-
field armory being applied to rebuilding the quarters
of the commanding officer; and to add an appro-
priation of §28,857 71 for settling the accounts of
ivlajor Charles Thomas and Captain Edward B.
Alexander, due on account of the erection of a fort"
on the Arkansas frontier, which has been carried to
the surplus fund.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to amend the bill by in-
serting an appropriation of §35,000 for the comple-
Ar°n ,0f~the lJnlted States arsenal « Fayetteville,
North Carolina, as originally designed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN explained that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs had had this subject un-
der consideration, and, on consultation w'ith the
War Department, had ascertained that this appro-
priation was neither necessary nor desired by that
department,
Mr. HAYWOOD contended that, by the original
act of Congress, this arsenal was to be one of con-
struction as welt as deposite. The jurisdiction of
t ptate had been obtained on this condition. He
denied the authority of the department, or any of
Its officers, to revoke or annul an act of Congress-
enforced the justice of the proposed appropria-
Mr. CRITTENDEN sustained the views of the
department, by referring to the fact that even now
there was not work enough for keeping the other
arsenels of the government in full operation; and
that this, at Fayetteville, North Carolina, was quite
sufficient m its present condition for all the wants of
the government in reference to it.
Mr. HAYWOOD called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment; and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
11, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS-Messrs Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton
Walker—11 } * ' HuSer' Mangum, Sevier, and
NAYS -Messrs Archer, Bagby, Barrow, Bavard, Berri-
en, Ctioate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Eva'ns Hanne-
gan Henderson, Huntington, Lewis, Merrick, Miller Moie
bridge-^.8' F°rter' St"rsPon' Ul'ham' White> and'lVood-
So the amendment was rejected.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, an amend-
2oennor*as adoPted> adding an appropriation of
§<i,OOU for continuing the meteorological observa-
tions at the military posts of the United States.
The bill, as amended, was then reported to the
™te' and t'le amendments were concurred in.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved to amend the bill by
adding an appropriation of §15,000 for repairs of
the United States barracks at Newport, Kentucky
(opposite Cincinnati,) and for the purchase of an
additional lot of two acres adjoining. Mr M pv
n inner! thn c...   .. "l~ ex
land already belonged to the barracks, and why the
lot to be purchased was rated so high as §5,000.
Mr. MOREHEAD believed the lot already be-
longing to the barracks did not exceed two acres;
and the price estimated for the additional lot was
not unreasonable in Newport, where, in conse-
quence of contiguity to Cincinnati, lots rated much
higher than in towns in general of the same size.
After some further inquiries and observations in
which Messrs. WOODBRIDGE, MOREHEAD
WOODBURY, and JARNIGAN took part, the
amendment was adopted.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and, subsequently, the
bill was read a third time, and passed.
_On motion of Mr. EVANS, the House bill ma-
king appropriations for the Post Office Department
for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1845, was la-
ken up as in committee of the whole, considered, re-
ported back without amendments, read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. BUCHANAN offered a resolution, which,
at his request, was considered and adopted, as fol-
lows: .
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to purchase the banking-house of the late Bank of the Uni-
ten States in the city of Philadelphia, for a custom-house.
Mr. BENTON inquired of the chairman of the
Finance Committee, if there were any more appro-
priation bills to be acted upon to-day.
Mr. EVANS replied, that there were not; but
there was a joint resolution authorizing the transfer
of clerks from one of the departments to another,
which he would wish to be taken up and disposed
The joint resolution was accordingly taken up,
considered, read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the bill for the relief
ofthe Stockbridge Indians was taken op, consider-
ed, amended as proposed by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, who reported back,
from the Committee on the District of Columbia
the bill providing for the support of lunatics for one
year, with the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives, striking out theSenate amendments, and
substituting provisions for the support of said luna-
tics at the asylum of Baltimore, the House amend-
ments were concurred in. The committee also re-
commended an additional amendment to the House
amendments, giving the use of the lunatic asylum
of the District for one year to the medical depart-
ment of Columbian college, on condition of giving
security to the Commissioner of Public Buildings for
keeping the premises in proper repair; which was
adopted.
TEXAS ANNEXATION BILL.
plained the necessity for this appropriation
Mr. JARNAGIN inquired what quantity of
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Texas annexa-
tion bill was read a second time.
Mr. B. stated his object in asking- for the second
reading of the bill, which was to amend the clause,
making a line certain which was now uncertain,
lhe bill, as it stood, proposed to divide the annexed
country equally between slaveholding and nonslave-
hol<Jing States, but did not fix the line. That was
impracticable when the bill was brought in, be-
cause the content of the country, by divisions, had
not then been calculated. This had since been
done; and an important line may now be fixed, and
future trouble saved. The map prepared for the
oenate, in the bureau of topographical engineers,
by Lieutenant Emory, and the most correct one yet
constructed of the countries to which it relates, has
been calculated by divisions, so as to designate the
lines wanted with all desirable precision. He (Mr.
B.) had assumed that Texas, with her natural
limits, the Nueces desert and the mountains, would
present territory for four States of the largest class,
ana that it would naturally divide into' two equal
parts for the cultivation which was profitable,
or unprofitable, for slave labor; and that, con-
sequently, two slaveholding and two nonslave-
iiolding States, should be formed upon it. This'
in the bill as it now stands, was proposed to
be done by future legislation, and the line between
the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States then to
be fixed; but it was good to fix things at once—to
leave nothing that could be avoided, in an act so
fundamental, to future arrangement. He, therefore,
proposed to fix the line in the basis which refers to
it; and nothing could be desired more equal, just,
and natural, than the line presented on the map.
In the resolution adopted by the Senate, showing'
