CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
the content of the different divisions of the territory,
the longitude of 100 degrees west from Greenwich
was a leading division. In the country between the
two nvers, Arkansas and Red river, made a west-
ern boundary of the United States by the treaty of
1819, this longitude is made dividing line through
four degrees of latitude: its prolongation south would
leave all the country out to the Neuces; and to the
desert west of it, on the eust of it. This would
include all the present population of Texas;
and all the country fitted for slave labor. It wa3
evidently the proper 'line of division between the
slave and non-slaveholding States: it conform-
ed exactly to the kind of productions, and
the pursuits of business, adapted to each.
The only question was to see how it suited
in quantities; and in this the calculations bring out
precisely what was desired. The quantities may
be assumed to be equal; for the apparent difference
between them is too insignificant to be counted in so
large a superfices, and where sinuosities could only
be counted as straight lines. The division past of
the 100 degrees is 135,670 square miles; the division
west of it is 129,800. This is equal enough, and
large enough. It is exactly sufficient for two States
in each division, of the extent of Missouri and Illi-
nois, each of which exceeds 60,000 square miles.
This longitude, then, divides the whole Territory
precisely right m point of quantities: it is equally
fortunate in point of localities and climate. The
east division, forming almost a square between the
Red river and the Gulf of Mexico, is the cham-
paign part of the country, in which a southern
clime performs its natural office of giving a warm
country, and the productions which require a pre-
dominance of heat: the west division extends to the
mountains, stretches out north to 42 degrees, and
goes into the grain-growing, grazing, provision-
raising, and, it may be added, the vine re-
gion, (on account of its dryness,) in which
cold predominates, and where northern products
find their appropriate clime. Latitude here yields to
altitude; arid the climate of Pennsylvania is found as
far south as the latitude of Natchez. This makes
all right: and I now ask to amend the fifth clause in
the bill, so as to make the 100th degree of longitude
west from Greenwich the dividing line between the
slave and non-slaveholding States, in the event of
the annexation of Texas. In thus proposing to in-
sert a fixed line, on the faith of Lieutenant Emory's
map, made in the Bureau of Topographical Engi-
neers, at the request of the Senate, it implied, as
Mr. B. said, a full belief in the correctness of the
map; and such was the fact. He relied implicitly
upon it as more correct in its outline, and general
features, than any map yet published, because it
had the advantage of all the late and important geo-
graphical determinations in that quarter; particularly
those of Lieutenant Fremont. In all these particu-
lars of outline, and geneial features, it was more cor-
rect than any other map; and that was the main point
m the present design. In other particulars it was
equal to the best of all other maps; and he hoped to
see it engraved and published, not merely for the
elucidation of the Texas question, but as a respecta-
ble contribution to geographical science.
Mr. B. then moved that the fifth basis proposed
m this bill be amended to read thus:
<-V. The existence of slavery to be forever prohibited in
thrfl part of the annexed territory which lies west olthe
one hundreth degree oflongitude west from Greenwich.1'
The amendment was unanimously agreed to, and
the bill amended accordingly.'
Mr. B. then said the bill might take its place on
the calendar.
Mr. SEVIER offered the following resolution:
Resolvad, That one thousand copies of the map of Texas,
prepared by the topographical corps, be engraved under
direction of the chief of that corps, for the ube of the Senate,
pi'owded it can be done foi the sum of $400.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, if ho understood the
senator from Missouri—for he had not himself ex-
amined much into the matter—there arc already
maps of Texas as correct at that map. He would
like to know the probable cost of these new maps.
Mr. SEVIER observed that this resolution limi-
ted the co'st to $400.
Mr. PEARCE held in his hand a communica-
tion from Mr. Stone, the engraver, offering to pre-
pare a stone for lithographing this map, which
would present it on a large scale, at an expense not
exceeding $>400; the maps to be delivered in two
months.
Mr. BENTON remarked that the map prepared
by the topographical corps had been complied with
the advantage of the examination of all the recent
explorations of the region, and all the great
and important points had been accurately de-
fined by astronomical observations as well as the
outlines; so that there could be ao doubt about its
being the very best map ever made of that country.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. EVANS hoped the Senate would now pro-
ceed to the orders of the day.
ANNEXATION AGAIN.
The following joint resolution, moved by Mr.
McDuffie in executive session, on the 23d of May,
having become a part of the public record of the
Senate, came up now as the first thing oil the orders
of the day:
Resolved, That the compact of annexation made between
the executive government of the United States and that of
Texas, and submitted to the Senate for'confirmation by the
President ol the United States, be, and the same is hereby,
ratified as the fundamental law of union between the United
States and Texas, as soon as the supreme executive and le-
gislative power of Texas shall ratify and confirm the said
compact of annexation.
Mr. EVANS hoped it would be laid on the table.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE thought that, for the pres-
ent session, all that was desirable had been done by
Congress on this subject. He regretted that he had
not risen when the bill was up a few minutes back in
relation to it, and made the same motion he, intended
to make with regard to the present resolution.
He was not insensible to the importance of the
bill introduced by the senator from Missouri,
nor to the resolution now in question; but it
was his conviction that the Senate had done
all that could be expected this session, and that it
would be best now to give time for the public judg-
ment to act upon it. At this late period of the session,
within a few days of adjourning, he thought the
sooner the matter was definitively disposed of the
better. He, therefore* moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. SEVIER suggested that the senator from
South Carolina being absent from his seat, it would
be best to pass the resolution over informally till
to-rhorrow.
Mr. WOODBRIDGfE said the question might as
well be disposed of at once. It was also his inten-
tion to make the same motion whenever the bill for
the annexation of Texas came up.
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on laying the reso-
lution on the table, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 27, nays 19—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayarcl, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Kvans, Francis,
Huntington. Jarnagm, Johnson, Mangum, Mernck, Miller,
Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Tall-
madge, White, Woodbridge, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby,
Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Fairfield, Fulton, Hatinegan,
Hoywood, Huger, Lewis, Niles, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, and Woodbury—19.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE hoped, when the general ordeis
were taken up, the Senate bills would be disposed
of first.
Mr. EVANS hoped the calendar would be gone
through regularly.
REMISSION OF DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
The first bill on the general orders called, was the
Senate bill providing for the remission of duties on
railroad iron, the consideration of which was re-
sumed as in committee of the whole, the amend-
ments submitted by the Finance Committee being
pending.
Mr. MILLER, who was entitled to the floor,
spoke for an hour in opposition to the bill. He ex-
pected that all interference with the present tariff
had been effectually set at rest—at least for this ses-
sion. He then proceeded to answer the arguments
of the senator from Maine; and afterwards gave a
general history of the favoritism manifested by Con-
gress in ielation to railroad companies from 1830 to
the present time. In conclusion, he moved to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays on
this motion, and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
18, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Atchison, Atheiton, But* <•, Ba>-
aard, Buchanan, Clayton, tuttenden, !Ja\tuii, Km held,
Mangum, Merrick, Millei, Moxehead, btuigeon, Walker,
White, and Woodbuiy—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bagby, Berrien, Choate, KAan<, Foster,
> ulton, Henderson, Huger, Jarnagm, Johnson, Lewi",
McDuffie, Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Rives. Tallmadge,
Upliam, Woodbridge, and Wright—21.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
The amendments reported by Mr. EVANS were
then adopted.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, an amendment was
also adopted extending the benefits of the act to
cases in which judgments have been obtained for
duties on railroad iron.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, some verbal amend-
ments were adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted an amendment in
relation to the remission of duty on railroad iron be-
longing to the Western Railroad company, lost in
the Mississippi river; but
Mr. EVANS observed that there was a separate
bill providing for special eases of that kind; and
Mr. WALKER requested his colleague would
not engraft this special case on a bill which he should
be compelled to vote against; whereupon,
Mr. HENDERSON withdrew his amendment.
There being no other amendments offered,
Mr. BUCHANAN expressed his decided disap-
probation of the bill, and stated his reasons. He
confessed that, considering the quarter from which
the bill came, and the provisions it contained, he
was greatly astonished. After great trouble, delay,
and difficulty, the tariff of 1842 was passed; and
those gentlemen most activc in passing it having got
the peculiar interests of their own portions of the
Union secured, turned round and attempted to with-
draw the only protection granted to Pennsylvania
interests—that on the manufacture of iron. Mr. B.
pointed out all these attempts ever since Mr. Clay's
bill was introduced in 1841, and went at large into
the history of the favoritism of Congress towards
railroad companies from the year 1830 to the pres-
ent day, by which #6,000,000 had been remitted to
them that ought to have gone into the treasury.
Mr. McDUPFIE remarked that when Greek
meets Greek, then comes the tug of war. The
friends of protection were finding out how their sys-
tem Worked. He congratulated honorable senators
who now arrayed themselves against corporations
and monopolies, on their conversion to the true
faith.
The honorable senator from Pennsylvania had ex-
claimed, he believed six or seven times, that 6 millions
of revenue were taken out of the public treasury and
conferred upon the incorporated companies engaged
in making these railroads Would the honorable
senator be so good as to look to the other side of the
question? Wlfat did he say? What did he propose?
What did he argue? To raise revenue from import-
ed railroad iron? Now, what would be the result of
a consummation of his wish? The result would be
that this very railroad iron, instead of furnishing the
government any revenue at all, would be made by
the manufacturers of the United States, and sold for
§25 or $30 a ton higher than it could be imported.
The question, then, was simply this: shall you
take from the pockets of those engaged in the con-
struction of railroads for the benefit of the public,
six millions of dollars, and put it in the pockets of
the iron manufacturers of Pennsylvania or of any
other State? There was one corporation alone with-
in the limits of Maryland which would take the
greater portion of it. The senator wished those man-
ufacturers of iron to have the whole benefit of it.
How, then, was he to get revenue from imported
iron? By giving to the manufacturer the market!
This was the whole tendency of his argument—to
protect the domestic manufacturer, and give him the
market; or the result would be, that the money
which the honorable senator said was taken from
the public treasury would simply be transferred
from the constructors of railroads to the iron mas-
ter.
But this was not the question. He understood
the honorable senator from Maine to say that he
had distinctly ascertained that there was not at this
moment any railroad iron at all made in the United
States, and that none would be made, unless a con-
tract should be previously made between the iron-
masters and railroad companies, by which the iron-
master should receive fifty or sixty dollars a ton for
railroad iron. It appeared to him (Mr. McD.) that
this was literally a case of the dog in the manger.
The manufacturers of the United States did not
make railroad iron—they had not made it—they
would not make it, unless they could make it at
double as much as they could import it for; nor
would they ailow it to be imported.
Rut there was a view of this subject which
was decisive with him, and wjncli it was his
object in rising to state. These railroads were
infinitely more beneficial to the public than they
