676
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 18M.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Ramsey.
H. of Reps.
'-'If to this be added the quantities of coal consumed in the
making of iron, the cotton manufacture, the woollen, linen,
and silkt-^pades, the smelting of copper ores, brass and cop-
per manufactures, salt works and lime works, the total an-
nual consumption of coal in Great Britain may be mode-
rately "estimated at upwards of 22,(X)Q,000 tons. Thus:
, - Tons.
Domestic consumption - - - 15.000,000
- Production of iron • • - 3,850,000
Cotton manufacture ♦ - • - 800,000
Woollen, linen, silk - 500,000
Cooper and brass works - - - 400,000
Salt works - 300,000
Lime - ' > ... . 600,000
Exports to Ireland
u to foreign parts
21,350,000
750,000
600,000
32,700,000
"If we suppose the above quantity, in which no allow-
ance is made for coal consumed in the manufacture of hard-
ware and cutlery, costs the consumer, at an average, about
seven shillings per ton, then 22,700,000 tons will be worth in
all nearly eight millions sterling a year."
The argument that a protective tariff would prove preju-
dicial to commerce, and diminish revenue, is not founded on
actual experience. England raises a higher revenue upon
imports than any other nation, and yet her commerce equals
that of all the other nations of the earth combined. The
necessity of protection, as a means of benefiting commerce,
is better exemplified by the fact that the tonnage of Phila-
delphia, supported by the.coal trade, is more than three
times as great as all her foreign trade.
There is another manufacture in which the district I rep-
resent feels a deep interest, but to which I have barely- a
moment to revert. I refer to the manufacture of iron with
anthracite coal. The experiments first attempted in "Wales
■were perfected in Schuylkill county, and throughout the
coal and iron region of our State. Various furnaces are
already successfully employed in this new business, which
premises to reduce all manufactures of iron froin thirty to
fifty pet cent., and will eventually open a market for our
coal, much beyond our conception. Sir, I may venture the
assertion boldly, without having set down to calculate the
matter arithmetically, that more has been expended by in-
dividuals within twenty years past to brine; the coal busi-
ness to its present state, than the amount of revenue winch
would accrue to the country in a half centuiy from import
duties on foreign coal, as proposed to be modified by the
present hill.
R«member, sir, that we do not fear a fair competition, but
we dread the vast capttal of Great Britain, which can afford
to send articles into this country at a loss, for years, until
it has broken up our business, and then, having us com-
pletely in its power, can place its own prices~on every
thing. Sir, it is notorious that when we did not compete
with Great Britain in the iron trade, she sold her railroad
iron 100 per cent, higher than she did after restrictions, and
that now she is losing on every ton imported, in the hope
that she may ultimately break us down, and again obtain
the command of our home market. In this view, sir, is it
wrong to say that the present proposed bill is a bill of Brit-
ish interests'? Assuredly not, for it protects the foreign cap.
italist, and will ruin the American laborer.
lam farfrora being disposed, on a question of such a prac-
tical character as a tariff' disbussion, to draw the subject of
party politics into view; but, Mr. Chairman, as much as the
custom is to be deprecated, a due sense of self-respect. and
my attachment to the honored principles of that party with
which I act, constrain me to vindicate it from the allega-
tions made against it here and elsewhere, by those who are
politically arrayed against me. My colleague from the
pforthampton district, [Mr. Brouhead,] has seen proper to
revert to-the position of parties in Pennsylvania, as' re-
gards the-tariff policy, and has seen proper to stigmatize the
whigs as unfriendly to the tariff' of 1842, because they were
too ultra in their wishes, and connected it with other
matters, by which I presume he meant the distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands.
This is a strange argument, if I understand it, for a
professed friend of piotection to make, and may be
briefly answered and exploded. Fust. The appropria-
tion of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, (even if
they were not the rightful property of the individual States',
which I have not time to argue,) to the use of the federal
treasury, must necessarily be the cause of fluctuation in the
scale of tariff duties, of all evils the one most to bo dreaded.
For myself, I claim for this government the right of protec-
tion per sc. Yet all admit that a tariff adapted to the wants
of an economical administration ol the government, will
yield incidental protection, with a judicious discrimination,
aujiicient for the present wants of all industrial pursuits.
Hence it was that the sagacity of Henry Clay induced him
to say, "look to revenue alo'ne for the support of govern-
ment;" by which he meant, do not take the public lands for
the uses of the national treasury; for by so doing you will
be compelled to levy lower duties on imports, to prevent a
redundant treasury; and by so much as you reduce the du-
ties, you remove the requisite protection on our national
industry.
Again: I say it is a bad argument for any Pennsylvania}),
with a 9tate oppiessed by forty-odd millions ol debt, to call
the policy of distribution an incumbrance. Suppose, Mr.
ohairmau that policy had been carried out, as u as> the ex-
pressed will of the nation, when both branches of Congress
passed the requisite law, which General Jackson pocketed,
and to which he refused his sanction: what would have
been the result, and how would it have affected Pennsyl-
vania?
The proceeds of the land fund for the last eleven years are
as follows:
1888 $4,972,000
183 4 6,090;000
1835   15,999,000
1836   25,167,000
-1887 7,000,000
S§3§ v « 4,303,000-
1839
1840
1841
1142
1843 ,
6,464,000
2,252,000
1,365,627
1,335,797
1,097,351
$76,956,775
Pennsylvania's proportion of this sum would be near eight
millions of dollars, which, added to what she may reasona*
bly be expected to realize from the &ale of her public works,
would almost relieve her of all State ihdebtedness, and of all
State taxation.
It may seem strange to gentlemen on this floor, where the
act of 1842 has time and again been denounced as a "black
tariff," "the whig tariff'," &c., that its authorship or paternity
should be claimed by any of the public men or presses of
the North opposed to the whig party. But so it is, and why?
The friends of Mr. Van Buren in the coal, iron, and manufac-
turing Statcs-of the North, finding the great popularity ot
the measure, are endeavoring, to use an expressive phrase,
"to steal our thunder," and are seeking to appropriate the
merits of its passage to themselves, or at least to divide the
merit  f its inception and final settlement with us, so as to
leave th.i whig party but little credit for that healthful piece
of legislation. To show how little the people can depend
upon the leaders of that party for support of the protective
policy, and to show particularly the feelings of those leaders
on the law now sought to be modified, let us refer to the senti-
ments expressed by those leaders when it was under discus-
sion in this House during the last Congress. Mr. Calhoun
said, as reported by the Globe:
•'He (Mr. Calhoun) had not spoken with a view to change
a vote; he knew that an angel from Heaven could not affect
the actions or opinions of those here. But he, confided in
the strength and ultimate triumph of the truth. We had
formerly struggled against greater odds; but now we see
the whole democratic party rallied under the banner of free
trade." ^ -
Mi. Levi "Woodbury, Mr. Van Buren's Secretary of the
Treasury, said:
"My own scheme of revenue would be not to derive more
than half of our revenue from imports. The public lands
excises, and perhaps a stamp tax, should furnish the rest."
Mr. R. D. Davis said:
"Mr. Davis said, he was one of those who were called lo-
co focos, and he gloried in the name. He was a free-trade
loco foco, and if time would permit, lie would dwell with
delight on the doctrines."
Mr. Black, of Georgia, said:
"Mr. Black alluded to Mr. Clay's constant support of a
tariff. Did it become (asked he) the avowed friends of free
tiade to lend their support to the father of the American
system?''
Mr. Pickens said:
"As to the temptations of office and patronage, to which
allusion has been pretty distinctly made, it was sufficient to
say to the gentleman that those with whom Mr. P. acted
were governed by principle, and principle alone. Of the
divisions in the democratic party, of which the gentleman
had spoken, Mr. P. knew nothing. He knew of no division
which could not readily be reconciled by a little prudence
and moderation. He knew of no cause for any want of har-
mony. They stood upon the principles of the constitution.
[A voice: 'on what principles ?'] Mr. P. would tell the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts that one ofthem was the princi-
ple of free trade. He feared that in this the gentleman did
not agree with him; but. be that as it might, there never
could be any harmony in the great republican party but
on the foundation of free trade. Hollow and heartless truce
there might be, but no solid and lasting peace save on the
immovable, eternal basis of free trade, and the immutable,
everlasting rights of man."
Mr. James R. Roosevelt, of New York, said:
"I predict that the next Congress will be a loco foco free-
trade Congress, and will repeal any tariff that the present
Congress may enact."
Mr. Eastman, of the great democratic Statp of New Hamp-
shire, in the House of Representatives, held the following
language:
"Opposition to the protective policy is clearly and une-
quivocally a democratic doctrine, ft is one of the landmarks
of the democratic party. Go where you will, sir, north,
south, or east, west, and the' democratic party will tell you
that they are opposed to the protective system. But while
you will find upon one side almost the entire body of the
democratic party, you will find upon the other the great
mass of the whig party. Sir, let me repeat it. the protective
system is essentially the whig system."
I will also add the sentiments expressed by leading papers
of the same political faith, in reference to the ments of the
hill.
The New York Evening Post, the leading organ of the
party in New Ycik, says:
The brttle of political opinions in America, now drawing
on, is foi free-trade against a protective tariff This issue
absorbs all Ihc rest."
The Norwich (Connecticut) "Democratic" Journal, says:
"We aic opposed to a tariff'in any shape, or for any pur-
pose. Wc are proud to believe that a majority of our party
arc anti-tarjft men, prepared to maintaiu and defend the
principles of free-trade."
The Mobile Register, the leading Van Buren organ in
Alabama, holds the following language:
"The free-trade party cannot have a safer, sounder, or
worthier e.-iponent of their principles than Mr." Van Buren.
Those of them who are not satisfied with his Indiana letter,
would not believe 'though one rise from the dead.' The
success of Mr. Van Buren is death to the tariff."
The Richmond Enquirer, of some weeks back, comment-
ing on the above, says:'
"We hail this presentiment with pleasure, in relation to
the passage of an anti-protective revenue law. it corresponds
with what we have distinctly heard by private accounts
from Washington."
The Globe, the admitted organ of the party opposed to us$
on the 8th of April, in it'Srleading editotial,- makes this dec-
laration:
"With regard to all the questions-atiss'ue, Mr. Clay,is the
same to-day that he was yesterday. If, to conciliate the
south, he has somewhat modified the language in which !h®
contends for his favorite theory, he is still the advocate "of
high protective duties—as is proved by the unanimous de-
votion of his friends to the present oppressive tariff."
But, sir, it is not necessary to drag all .the minor stream*
of party, to fish-up corroborations of the unfriendly feelings
of the self-styled democracy towards the . bill of 1842. We -
have but to sweep over the fountain-head qf the party, tb
ascertain, beyond all quibble, the true position of that party;
for we have the plain andunmistakeable letter of their great
chief on the subject. Mr. Van Buren, who has never but
once been guilty of the political crime of perspicnity, has,
on the tariff of 1842, committed himself, as follows, in a let-
ter to Mr. Ritchie, the editor of the Richmond Enquirer:
•'Albany, February 28,1843.
"My jdear sir: I thank you very kindly for your friendly
letter. I have at no time, nor anywhere, hesitated tb ex-
press my decided disapprobation of the tariff act of the last
session, as well in respect to the principle upon which it is
founded as to its details. In good time you will have my
views in respect to that and other subjects before the pub-
lic. In the mean time,
"Believe ine to be, very sincerely,
"Your friend and obedient servant,
"M. VAN BUREN."
Now, the principle to which Mr. Van Buren is opposed is
the protective principle; and yet that, my colleague has tru-
ly asserted, is the policy of Pennsylvania; and she has never -
swerved from an adherence to it. It \vill be useful, and per-
haps necessary, to revert to the expressions of legislative
opinion on the subject of the tariff', since it was first made a
party question. Twelve years ago, the legislature of my
State passed the following resolves, to be found at page 624
of the pamphlet laws of the session of 1831-:32:
"Whereas protecting duties are in strict conformity to the
spirit and letter of the constitution of the United States;
tend eventually to lower the prices of goods; en-
courage agriculture by creating a home market; give
employment to our own citizens in our own country,
instepdof maintaining the subjects of foreign nations; in-
crease commerce, by extending internal trade; arid, by af-
fording articles of export, preserve public morals, by substi-
tuting industry for idleness: And whereas, under the opera-
tion of the tariff, the nation has enjoyed an unexampled de-
gree of prosperity, which can only be perpetuated by a
steadfast support of the system: Therefore,
''Resolved by the Senate and House of Rrpresentatwes of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in General tttssembly met, -
That it is the opinion of this legislature, that any .reduction
of duty on articles which enter into competition with such
as are produced or manufactured m the United States,
would be inimical to the true policy and best interests of
the nation.
"JOHN LAPORTE,
"Speaker of the House of Representatives.
"WM. G. HAWKINS,
"Speaker of the Senate.
"Approved the tenth day of February, anno Domini, eigh
teen hundred and thirty-two.
"GEORGE WOLF.5'
RESOLUTIONS RELATIVE TO PROTECTIVE DUTIES.
"I. Resolved by the Senate find House of Representatives of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in General Jlssembly met,
That we view, with the most serious apprehension, any at-
tempt to lessen the restrictions upon the importation of any
articles of foreign manufacture or production which, may
compete with articles of similar growth, production or man-
ufacture, of the United States.
"II.. Jlnd be it f wither resolvedly the authority aforesaid,
That a reduction of duties upon articles, the like of which
are neither manufactured or produced in the United States,
or which does not materially affect the industry of the
country, would meet the approbation of our constitu-
ents.
"III. Jlndhe it further resolved by the authority qforesaid.
That the people of Pennsylvania cannot consent to an aban-
donment of the protective system.
"IV. Jlnd be it further resolved by the authority aforesaid,
That if a-reduction of the revenue becomes necessary, we
would preter a prohibition of the introduction of articles of
foreign fabric and production, the like of which we are suc-
cessfully manufacturing and producing, to any reduction
upon protected articles which we can produce and manu-
facture as cheaply and as good amongst ourselves.
"V. Jlnd be it further revolved by the authority aforesaid,
That we view the American system as a whole, which re-
quires the united and concentrated opeiation of its friends
against all attempts to attack it in detail, and that no steps
should be taken to preserve one portion of it at the expense
of anothei.
"VI. Jlnd be it further resolved by the authority aforesaid*
That confidence of one interest in the aid and fellowship of
another, is the true shield and safety of the friends of the
protected industry, and that such confidence should be cul-
tivated and i elied on throughout the Union.
''VII. Jlnd be it further resolved by the authority aforesaid,
That the governor be lequestedto transmit these iesolu-
tions to our senators and representatives in Congress, to be
laid before their respective bodies.
"JOHN LAPORTE,
"Spealcerof the House of Representatives.
"JESSE R. BURDEN,
"Speaker of the Senate.
"Approved the sixth day of June, A. D. one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-two.
"GEORGE WOLF."
Subsequent to this expression of opinion, the compromise
act went into force, and after its expiration, tho last session
of legislature still observed steadfast adherence ta
