666
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman knew that all amendments were dis-
cussed in Committee* of the Whole. He again
urged upon the friends of the bill to lay it aside in-
formally till to-morrow.
Some conversation followed, resulting in a mo-
tion by
Mi*. HOUSTON to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill, and take up the next one on the
calendar.
The question was put on the postponement moved
by Mr. Houston, and rejected. .
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
Mr. MURPHY moved that the committee take
up the bill (No. 285) to provide for the appointment
of an assistant collector at Brooklyn, New York: re-
jected.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the committee take
up the graduation and pre-emption bill.
This motion being rejected,
Mr. BRENGLE moved that the committee take up
Senate bill No. 114, being "An act assenting to an
act of the legislature of Virginia entitled an act to
amend the act incorporating the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal Company."
The motion Was not agreed to.
Mr. DROMGOOL& moved that the committee
tdke Up Senate bill No. 865, being "A bill amenda-
tory of the act to provide for liquidating and payiag
certain claims of the State of Virginia, approved
July 5, 1832."
Mr. J. CAMPBELL moved that the committee
take up the Senate bill No. 86, being "An act to ex-
tend the .charters of the District banks."
Mr. W,. J. BROWN moved to take up the Cum-
berland road bill.
The CHAIRMAN put the question first on the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Drom-
goole,) and it was negatived.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The CHAIRMAN next put the question on the
motion of the. gentleman from South Carolina (Mr.
Campbell.)
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Grinnell
and Vinton were appointed; and having taken the
vote, they reported 71 in the affirmative, and 47 m
the negative.
So the committee took up the bill from the Senate
entitled "An act to extend the charters of the District
banks."
The Clerk read the bill at length, and having
again read the first section,
Mr. C ARY of Maine obtained the floor, but gave
way for
Mr. TUCKER, who submitted a substitute for
the entire bill, which was read by the Clerk for the
information of the committee.
Mr. S. CARY then proceeded to address the
committee; and in the course of his speech he gave
a history of the proceedings of the District banks,
spoke generally of the evil influences and acts of the
banks and the banking system, and opposed the re-
charter of these banks by the bill before the com-
mittee.
Mr. CAUSIN addressed the House in favor of
the bill, making a very strenuous appeal to the jus-
tice of the House, on behalf of the banks.
Mr. HOLMES rose he said in behalf of a suffer-
ing democracy. [A laugh.] Yes, a suffering de-
mocracy within this ten miles square. He depicted
the injury that was inflicted upon the laboring
classes of this District by the suspension of the
banks two years ago, when it was proposed to per-
mit their charters to expire. Refuse to recharter
the banks, and you place the people of this district
in the hands of brokers, who extract from their
hard earnings by the process of double loaning.
Mr. PRATT offered the following as an amend-
ment to the pending amendment:
_uAn act authoring the business of banking m the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
"S> c. 1. Any individual or association may deposite in the
office of the Secretary of the Treasury, stocks of the United
States bearing anmteiestof not less than five per cent, to
be held in trust for the payment of such obligations as may
be registered and countersigned by the Tieasujy Depart-
ment, onoccoimt of any such individual or association.
*'Sbc 9 The Secretary of the Treasury—upon the filing of
a certificate of an individual or association stating who the
the irdividual is, or who the associates arc, ond upon the
deposate of an amount of money sufficient to detray the ex-
penses— shall cause to be engraved circulating note's of con-
venient denominations, not less than live dollars; and when
stocks to the amount of one hundred thousand dollars shall
pe deposited, the individual or association may receive reg-
istered and countersigned notes to an equal amount.
• *Sr>Eo. 3. Such .notes shall be payable to beaver on de-
mand, and shall ile&ignate'ttia place of business of the indi-
vidual or association. Such notes may be made payable in
any of the cities out of the District of Columbia; but this
shall not exonerate such individual or association from re-
deeming at the place of business in the District, as well as
at the place of payment mentioned in the notes. If such
notes shall be protested for nonpayment, either at the place
made payable, or at the place of business^ and remain un-
redeemed in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury
for ten days, the deposited stocks of such individual or as-
sociation shall be sold, at the discretion of the secretary,
the whole or a part, within thirty days thereafter, and tlie
notes countersigned by the Treasury Department, of such
individual or association, redeemed from the proceed*. If
the said protested notes shall be redeemed within the ten
days, per cent damages shall be added, 2 per cent, of
which, shall go to the party protesting, and 4 of 1 per cent,
to the department.
"Sec. 4. The Secretary of the Treasury shall pay the
interest on the stock held on deposite of each individual
banker or association as he receives it; unless he has rea-
son to believe that it is necessary to retain it for the safety
of the holders of countersigned notes. The notes, if issued
to an individual, shall be signed by such individual, who
shall be individually liable for any amount not covered by
the stocks held in trust for their security. The notes of as-
sociations may be signed by officers, but each and every
association shall be individually liable for any amount not
covered by the stocks held in trust-} and in case an associ-
ate dissolves his connection with any association by sale or
abandonment, his liability shall not cease short of eighteen
months from such time. Every association shall make a
quarterly report to the Secretary of the Treasury, which
shall he verified by the oath of the cashier, president, and
book-keeper. Such report shall set forth—;
"1. The name, and residence, and amount in interest, of
each associate.
"2. The capital of the association.
"3. The assets of thf  association, specifying what they
consist of.
"4. The liabilities of the association, specifying the kind
and character.
"Sec. 5. If such individual or association shall, after re-
ceiving countersigned notes, issue notes not countersigned,
intended or adapted for cnculation as money, such individ-
ual, or, if an association, such members a* cannot show in-
dubitable proof of their innocence, shall be indicted, tried,
and punished, by fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of
the court. But such individual or association may sell
drafts made payable to order, and issue certificates of de-
posite, both of which shall be on ordinary writing paper,
so executed that there shall be no resemblance to the coun-
tersigned notes: Providcdy however, such drafts shall be pay-
able at sight, and without interest.
"Sec. 6. Congress reserves the right to amend or repeal
this act; hut those who commence business under it shall
have three years to close their business, after the passage
of any act repealing the above provisions of the act entitled
'An act authorizing the business of banking in the District
of Columbia.'
"Sfc 8 Jlnd fie it further enacted. That, should the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or other officers of government, de-
posite public funds in any of the banks chartered by this
act, such banks shall assign an average amount of govern-
ment or other satisfactory security."
While the Clerk was reading the above amend-
ment,
Mr. G. W. JONES moved thaf the committee
rise, remarking that members would then have an
opportunity of reading it themselves.
The motion was negatived.
The debate was continued by Mr. CARY, of
Maine.
Mr. G. W. JONES again moved that the com-
mittee rise.
Tellers were appointed, who reported 81 votes in
the affimative, noes not counted.
The committee rose and reported the navy pen-
sion bill, and the bill to establish a navy-yard and
depot at Memphis, Tennessee.
Mr. HAMMET moved that the House adjourn;
but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. HOPKINS, who reported from the Comit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads the bill to re-
duce the rates of postage, to regulate the franking
privilege, &c., without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that it be rejected.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, the House took up
the bill making appropriations for navy pensions,
which had just been reported from the Committee
of the Whole, and the amendments made in commit-
tee being concurred in, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed, and then read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, offered a
resolution, that all debate on the bill to charter the
District banks shall cease at 12 o'clock to-morrow;
and that the committee shall then proceed to vote on
the amendments; after which, the bill shall be re-
ported to the House.
Pending this question,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. JOHN T. SMITH: A petition of citizens of Phil-
adelphia, praying for such alteration in the naturalization
laws as will make a residence of *21 years a prerequisite for
naturalization* '
By Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin: The petition of Charles
Bracken, of Iowa county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking
the passage of an act of Congress granting him the privi-
lege of locating the west half of the northeast quarter of
section thirty-three in township four, north of range three
east, in the district of land subject to sale at Mineial Point,
Wisconsin Territory, by the payment of one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre for said tract of land: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. PAYNE: A petition of certain citizens of New*
bern, Alabama, praying compensation for a vessel owned by
their ancestor, Joseph Borden, which was captured by
French .cruisers, and the government of France released
"from all obligation to make indemnity for the same.
The following explanations were made in the
House on Thursday last:
Mr. PEYTON said the reporter had unintention-
ally fallen into two or three errors in the report of
the remarks which he had submitted to the commits
tee on yesterday. He was represented as calling
his competitor, in the last canvass for a seat on this
floor, a federalist. This was a mistake, and had
originated, no doubt, in this way: He had held up a
book in his hand containing the names of many
federalists of the old school who are now democrats;
said he had read their names from that book when
canvassing his district with his competitor. But he
did not call him a federalist.
He had been represented as-saying that his col-
league [Cave Johnson] had advocated direct taxa-
tion in a speech here the other day. He had said
that his colleague [Andrew Johnson] had argued
strongly for direct taxation, though he disclaimed
being an advocate of direct taxation.
He was also represented as saying that this
(direct taxation) was the favorite system of his col-
league, [Cave Johnson,] and that his colleague
said he was bred a tailor. His colleague, [Andrew
Johnson,] in his speech on the naval appropriation
bill, had alluded to the circumstance of his being a
tailor, and he (Mr. P.) thought his brother tailors
would not thank him for a policy that would bring
them on a level icith the paupers of Europe. Mr. P.
said he was asked by his colleague if he meant any
disrespect to the tailors in the remarks he had made.
If his colleague had paid any attention to his re-
marks on yesterday, he would have been saved the
trouble of asking such a question. His colleague's
allusion to the fact of his being a tailor, several days
ago, in his speech on this floor, had induced him (Mr.
P.) to allude to that subject to show that he was not
representing the true interest of the tailors, when he
argued so strongly against the tariff, and in favor of
direct taxation. He stated at the time that the tailors
were as respectable a class of people as any in his
district, and he took pleasure in saying that he reck-
oned many of them among his personal and political
friends.
Mr. P. said he wished to disavow any complaint
towards the reporters. He was, indeed, surprised
that, in a hall so baldly constructed for hearing, and
with such an uproar as was kept up in their neigh-
borhood, and from the rapid and desultory manner
in which he spoke, they could give so full and accu-
rate a report of what he did say.
Mr. A. JOHNSON asked leave to explain, which
was granted. Mr. J. said his colleague was as
much mistaken in the position he assumed a few
days since, while making his remarks upon the man-
ner and^mode of collecting the revenue necessary to
support the general government, as the reporter was
in mistaking Cave for Andrew; for he had express-
ly said he was not an advocate of what was com-
monly called direct taxes; but he had gone on to
prove in that argument how mucll cheaper the State
of Tennessee could collect the $1,'775,000 now pro-
posed to be raised off of Tennessee as her propor-
tion of the $36,000,000 necessary to defray the ag-
gregate expenses of the federal government. He
had said that Tennessee could prescribe a mode for
the collection of this million seven hundred thous-
and dollars, and could collect it and pay it over to
the federal government, and save many hundreds
of thousands of dollars to her people, and thereby
lighten their burdenss. He would now repeat what
he had said on a former occasion. That it cost the
people of Tennessee, by the operation of the pres-
ent tariff, more than £800,000 to get this million
seven hundred thousand dollars into the treasury of
the United States. The present tariff made every
merchant in the country a collector of the public
revenue.
The merchants, in the first place, paid the $1,775,-
000 to the federal government in the purchase of
their goods; this $1,775,000 was added to the first
cost of the goods; upon the first cost the merchant
