CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
667
laid his profit of from 50 to 100 per cent,; conse-
quently, the mechanics and farmers of the country,
who bought and consumed those goods in their fam-
ilies, paid over $800,000 as collection fees. He re-
peated that this sum could be collected for some-
thing like §7,000, instead of $800,000; and he had
added to this amount $146,000 that might be saved
to Tennessee under a proper system of taxation
upon her slaves; but his remarks would be publish-
ed at full length in due time, and there would be no
misunderstanding in relation to this matter. And as to
the protection it gave tailors, it is something like ten
or twelve cents a head, while they were taxed, on
all the articles they used in their families, not less
than fifty dollars ahead. This, he thought, the tai-
lors through the country would understand as well
as his colleague. His colleague had made an allu-
sion to his profession; he now asked him if he did it
out of any disrespect to the profession or referrible
to him.
Mr. PEYTON satisfactorily disclaimed such an
inference.
IN SENATE.
Wedensday, June 4, 1844.
Mr. HU*GER presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing of citizens of Lancaster district, and the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of citizens of Georgetown,
South Carolina, in favor of the annexation of Texas
to the United States: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Philadelphia, asking for an
extention of the period for naturalization of foreign-
ers to twenty-one years.
Mr. ARCHER presented a similar memorial from
citizens of Philadelphia county; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAYWOOD presented the proceedings of a
large meeting of the citizens of the counties of Lin-
coln and Catawba, in North Carolina, in favor of the
annexation of Texas to the United States: ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report, which was
ordered to be printed, on the petition of the heirs of
Erastus Brown, praying to be allowed the permission
to locate certain military land warrants.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committe on Indian Af-
fairs, reported back, without amendment, the follow-
ing House bills, viz:
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Hyacinth
Lasselle.
The bill for the relief of Isaac F. Ketchum.
BRITISH PRESUMPTION.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether the Parliament of
Gieat Britain has passed any act extending its criminal
jurisdiction to the United States so as to subject any por-
tion of their citizens, or persons within their limits, to its
penalties, for acts done within the same, and to communi-
cate a copy of said act, if any such there he, together w ith
any information he may possess as to the means which may
have been adopted to cany its provisions into effect.
Resell,ed, That he be also lequested to inform the Senate
v hether the government of Great Biitain has issued circu-
lars to its diplomatic or consular agents to collect lnfoima-
tion as to the condition of any portion of our population;
and, if so, to transmit to the Senate a copy tlieieol, if m his
possession, together with any infoimation he may possess
as to the object of issuing the same.
Mr. WALKER said he held in his hand what
purported to be the copy of an act of the British Par-
liament, dated the 24th of August, 1843, which ex-
tended the act of 5th George IV., in relation to the
laws on the abolition of slavery and slave trade in
Great Britain. That act provided for the infliction
of certain penalties on persons residing within Great
Britain and her colonies, in relation to the sale,
transfer, or purchase of slaves, or taking of mort-
gages on the same, and inflicts various penalties
from a fine of a very large amount to imprisonment
for a period not exceeding seven years. This act
then proceeds to applv the provisions of the act of
5th George IV to the subjects of Great Britain
wheresover residing.
That act of 5th Geo. 4, provides, "That it shall
not be lawful (except m such special cases as are
hereinafter mentioned) for any person to deal, or
trade in, purchase, sell, baiter, or transfer, or to con-
tiact for the dealing, or trading in, purchase, sale,
barter, or transfer of slaves,'' &c. The exceptions
referred to in this act are designated in the 13th sec-
tion, and exempt from the provisions of the act, the
purchase and sale of slaves "within any island,
.'.olony, &c. belonging to, or in the possession of
his Majesty, in case such purchase, saie, &c. shall
be made with the true intent of employing, or work-
ing such slave within such and the same island,
colony," &c. This act, then, of George 4th, did
not apply first to persons residing out of the British
dominion. Nor 2d. to persons residing in such isl-
ands and colonies of Great Britain where slavery
was permitted. Next came this act of .the British
Parliament of the 94th August, 1843, which extends
all these provisions as to the sale and purchase of
slaves "to British subjects wheresoever residing or
being, and whether within the dominions of the
British crown, or of any foreign country," and in-
flicts various punishment on the offenders, from
heavy fines to transportation and imprisonment for
many years, and provides for their trial by British
courts whenever these offenders can be appre-
hended. Here, then, is something new in the his-
tory of the law of nations. Here is an attempt
on the part of Great Britain to do what she did
before the 4tli of July, 1776—to extend her laws
and jurisdiction within the limits of the United
States, as regards those whom she chooses to
call her subjects, in which class we know she
regards naturalized citizens of the United States,
who were once her subjects. She extends her crim-
inal law within our jurisdictionfor the transfer, pur-
chase, or mortgage of slaves to secure a debt, as a
high penal offence, even when done within the lim-
its of any one of the States of this Union. It is one
of the most daring and insolent violations of the
law of nations known in the history of the world,
by which, if any who happened to be born in
British dominions have purchased, or held slaves,
or taken them as security for the payment of debt, or
a mortgage on them in the United States, aud should
be arrested on British soil, they would be subject
to' fine and imprisonment. Now, sir, I confess,
when I read the statements made on this subject in
the New York Herald, and subsequently in the
Commercial Bulletin, a highly respectable whig
paper, I could scarcely believe it. The Bulletin
says:
"That this system of espionage (as to our slaves) was
organized, and going on, we were assured, last July, by the
New York Herald, in the following paragraph: 'The em-
issaries of Britain were never more active than now. We
have in our hand acircular ofthe British government, signed
by Lord Aberdeen, and addressed to all its commercial and
other agents in this country, requmng the most miuute in-
formation in relation to slaves and slavery in all its details;
the physical force of the negroes; their relations to their
masters; their general character, treatment, propensities,'
&.c. The Bulletin adds: 'The people of this countrj found
it difficult at that time to believe that anything so audacious
should be undertaken, even by the insolent and crafty gov-
ernment of Great Britain; and so these repeated assevera-
tions of the Herald received but little credence. Foi our-
selves, we expressed at the time our doubts,' &.C. "Within a
shoit time, however, we have received information, which
enables us to state, as we do most positively, that neail} a
year ago, eirculai's of the kind indicated in the above para-
graphs fiom the New 1 orkHeiald, were issued to the^British
consuls in ail thcpoitsof the southern States, directing
minute inqunies to be instituted into evei) thing that con-
cerns the relation of master and slave in the United States
These circulais, or some of them, at least, have been an-
swered, the inqumes made, the espionage instituted as di-
rected, and the home government lnlormed of the poiticu-
lars.''
Now, Mr. President, I have also in my hands a
letter from a highly respectable gentleman from
New Orleans, informing me that the British charge
to Texas, in a late visit to that place, was indus-
triously engaged in making those inquiries. Now
I make a call on the President of the United States
to communicate copies of these circulars, and all
the information received by the executive depart-
ment on the subject. I wish to see these ciiculars
which have been' kept a secret, and only came out
by accident, which Great Britain is said to have ad-
dressed or issued to her consuls here to carry into
effect this act of Parliament. I wish to have all the
facts, in order that the country may know what
Great Britain is doing on this subject. I express
the hope that, if that government dared to issue
such circulars to her consuls here, they would all
be dismissed from office, and no others received,
unless that government disavow the issue of such
circulars. If there was no objection, lie hoped the
lesolution, which was one of inquiry merely, would
be permitted to pass now.
Mr. JARNAGIN said, suppose the information
be as the senator from Mississippi ass'Tts it to be:
what legislative action does lie ■ lopose to found
upon itf If it is so, does that senator intend to in-
troduce a proposition into the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to repeal the law of the British Parlia-
ment' or is it his purpose to pass on the propriety
or impropriety of that nation enacting a law regula-
ting the conduct of her own citizens? If he could
show any proof of a design on the part of Great
Britain to go into, and to regulate the physical, and
moral condition of naturalized citizens of the United
States, then there might be some ground for in-
quiry. The law is intended to operate upon Brit-
ish subjects; which term does not apply to natural-
ized citizens of the United States. If the British
government offered such an insult to the President
of the United States, by transmitting to him infor-
mation of such an intention on the part of Great
Britain, he (Mr. J.) supposed the President and
Secretary of State would long since have communi-
cated that fact to Congress. If the information
called for be in the possession ofthe executive, what
do we want with it, unless some practical good
could come out of it when produced here. He
could not see what the information was wanted for,
unless to produce excitement and bitterness of feel-
ing towards England, of which there was a great
deal now.
Mr. WALKER said he was very much surprised
at the opposition of thesenator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jarna'gin,] to this resolution. It Was a mere reso-
lution of inquiry, a call for information, \vhich usu-
ally passed without objection. But the Sendtof
says he is opposed to the agitation of this subject.
This is strange. This bill denounces as criminal
an institution authorized by the State of Tennessee;
but this is not all; it extends the criminal jurisdiction
of England into the State of Tennessee; and if any
of its citizens, residing in that State, who had been
born in the British dominions, held, or sold, or pur-
chased a slave in Tennessee, or took a mortgage
upon a slave to secure a debt, he was subject to fine
and imprisonment as a felon, if at any time he could
be caught within any portion of the British domin-
ions. The senator says the term "British subjects"
may not include naturalized citizens, but all the
British tribunals had decided otherwise, and were
the bill (as it was not) confined to resident aliens, it
was still an extension of the British criminal laws
into the United States: as such, it was a flagrant vio-
lation of the law of nations, a gross insult to the
people of the United States, a denunciation of acts
done within the limits of the States of this Union,
and authorized by the laws of those States as crim-
inal and felonious, and intended also to destroy the
value of this property throughout the Union. Let
us have the facts, and then we can speak of the
remedy.
Mr. JARNAGIN said he did not feel alarmed
that any such course as was apprehended by the
senator from Mississippi would be taken by the
authorities of Great Britain in reference to the nat-
uralized citizens in Tennessee. He did not, at any
rate, feel inclined to feel excessively alarmed until
such of our citizens were arrested and in danger of
having the penalty of such a law inflicted upon
them. If any one of the naturalized citizens of Ten-
nessee, or any other part of the Union, should go to
Canada, or within British jurisdiction, and those au-
thorities determine that it was impossible for
him to expatriate himself, and that he was still
a British subject, and arrest and inflict the penalties
of this law upon him, he (Mr. J.) would inform
the senator from Mississippi that the people of Ten-
nessee would be ready to act with a promptness
and energy becoming the occasion, in defence of
the rights of this naturalized citizen, and the rights
and honor of the United States.
Mr J. spoke at some length to show that there
was no propriety for the adoption of the resolution;
that we should not interfere with any theoretical
right set up by England to pass a law of the kind
alluded to, but to act whenever she attempted to en-
force it. He thought they had better spend their
time in investigating actual violations of our rights
by that power, (of which there were many,) than
in investigating and protesting against presumptive
or theoretical lights. He did not think, however,
the law was intended to have the interpretation
given it by the senator from Mississippi.
Mr. ARCHER said he required more time to ex-
amine the matter, and that the Senate should have
time for examining it before acting on it in any way.
He therefore moved to lay it on the table. He
would probably, on some oLher occasion, concur in
taking it up.
Mr. WALKER said if the senator from Vir-
ginia would call it up again to-morrow, he would
agree that it should lie upon the table. If not, he
would ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr, ARCHER said he would not pledge himself
