CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$69
Mr. .TARNAG1N opposed the amendment.
Mr. SEVIER suggested a modification to strike
out the words "hereafter to be issued."
Mr. WHITE did not approve of this modifica-
tion to his amendment, and it was not then urged.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITE now submitted his second amend-
ment; which was to add a proviso as follows:
Provided, It shall appear to the satisfaction of the Presi-
dent, that such certificates are for objects provided for in
said treaty; and that the accounts thereof have not before
been paid, nor the claim been decided by any former board
of commissioners.
On this_ amendment he called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and resulted—yeas 4,
nays 28, as follows:
YKAS Messrs. Clayton, Semple, Tallmadge, and White
—4. 1
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Dayton, Foster, Francis,
Fulton, Haywood, Henderson, linger, Jarn.igm, Johnson,
Lewis, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearce, Sexier
Simmons, Up ham, Walker, and Wright—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEVIER now moved his amendment to
strike out the words "or which may be issued;"
which was adopted.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to insert, before the
words "board of commissioners," the word "sec-
ond."
Mr. WHITE would like to know why the reso-
lution should not apply to the present board, which
is the "third."
Mr. HAY WOOD explained that his object was
to confine the resolution to cases already reported.
The amendment was rejected.
The resolution was then reported back to the Sen-
ate as amended; the amendments were concurred in;
it was ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time; and was subsequently read a third time, and
passed.
THE REESIDE CLAIM.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was not the father of
the Senate—he was very thankful for that—but he
was one of the elder children, and had some experi-
ence in that body. They had but the residue of to-
day and the whole of to-morrow to get through the
Senate bills on the calendar which could not go to
the House after that. Now, he thought they could
get through all these bills if gentlemen would but
refrain from unnecessary debate. He believed the
next thing on the calendar was Mrs. Reeside's case;
he hoped the Senate would dispose of that without
further delay.
The Senate bill for the relief of Mary Reeside,
executrix of the last will and testament of James
Reeside, deceased, was accordingly taken up, and
its consideration was resumed as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. NILES moved to amend the bill by striking
out the authority to pay the amount, if any, to be
awarded by the Third Auditor, and to insert a pro-
vision, that the result of the investigation of the
claim by the Third Auditor, under the advice of the
Attorney General, shall be reported to Congress at
the next session by the Secretary of the Treasury,
stating such award as shall be found due, if any, to
the heirs of said Reeside.
Mr. BERRIEN hoped the amendment would not
prevail.
Mr. NILES objected to the appropriating money
in advance of any evidence that there was a claim.
It was a principle that ought not to be sanctioned in
legislation.
Mr. BERRIEN reiterated his arguments in favor
of the bill as it stood; announcing, however, that
there were two changes he should propose to make:
one was in conformity with objections urged the
other day against referring to the decision of the
Philadelphia court, and the other would be to sub-
stitute the Fourth for the Third Auditor.
Mr. MERRICK very warmly advocated the
amendment proposed by the senator from Connecti-
cut; and stated, very confidently, on the authority of
officers of the Post Office Department, that, instead
of $189,000 being due to Mr. Reeside when he died,
he was in debt to the government $GO,000.
The suiect was debated at considerable length by
Messrs. JARNAGIN, BERRIEN, NILES, MER-
RICK, BENTON, BUCHANAN, and WRIGHT.
And the yeas and nays having been called for by
Mr. ALLEN, and ordered, on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Niles, weie taken; and resulted—
yeas 27, nays 12, as follows,
YF.AS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breese, CoUjuitt, Crittenden, Fairfield, Fiantis, Muton,
Hannegan, Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Jarnagin, Lewis,
McDufhe, Merrick, Niles, Pearce, Semple, Sevier, Tall-
madge, Tappan, White, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clay-
ton, Dayton, Johnson, Miller. Porter, Sturgeon, Walker,
and, Woodbridge—12.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to amend the bill by
striking out all that part which had reference to the
trial at Philadelphia, and to substitute the Fourth for
the Third Auditor.
The amendments were adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then reported back to
the Senate; the amendments were concurred in, and
the bill ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the general orders
were postponed, and the bill providing for the ad-
justment of the boundary line between Missouri and
Iowa was taken up, considered, amended, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. CHOATE, the Senate bill for
the relief of Asa Andrews was taken up, considered,
amended so as to conform to the same principle
adopted with respect to the Reeside claim; and then
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. STURGEON, the House, bill
for the relief of Henry Newingham was taken up,
considered, read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate went
into executive session; and, after some time spent
therein, resumed legislative business, and passed the
bills previously ordered to be engrossed.
f' iThe Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 12, 1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. STRONG rose and stated that his name was
incorrectly recorded in the list of yeas and nays,
which were taken yesterday on the eastern harbor
and river bill. He had uniformly voted for that
bill, and he should be very sorry to have it sup-
posed that anything that could be said or done by
the feeble occupant of the White House, could
change his vote on this measure.
The journal was corrected as he suggested.
Mr. C. B. SMITH also explained that his name
appeared in the wrong list, as published in the In-
telligencer, qf the vote taken on suspending the rules
yesterday, to enable the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] to introduce a resolution. He
voted in the affirmative.
The Clerk replied that his name was so recorded.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. McKAY moved that the bill making appro-
priations for the support of the army, for tLe fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1845, which had come back
from the Senate with some amendments, be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. AARON V. BROWN said that he felt con-
strained to ask the indulgence of the House whilst
he submitted a few observations personal to himself.
The near approach of the adjournment compelled
him to take this course as the only method of vin-
dicating himself against a certain publication in yes-
terday's Globe. He was compelled to speak of it
as a newspaper publication, because he could not,
under the rules, refer to the debates in the other end
of the Capitol. Pie begged leave to read the follow-
ing paragraph from that paper:
"The war was expiring. The armistice, and the inter-
position of gieal powei.s w<ib lmngmg it to a close, and the
day was at hand when the renmon of Texas would have
come of itself, and with peace and honor, when this in-
sidious schcme of sudden and secret annexation, and its
?/iisei'able 'pretexts. was fallen upon by our hapless adminis-
tration. From the moment that scheme, and its pretexts,
first )ei eahd itself to public view, at a public dmner in Vir-
ginia, in the autuwv of the last yeai. 1 denounced it as an
intrigue, got >tp for the election; and to end in the disgiace of
its authors, and in the defeat, delay, and embariassment ot
the measure which it professed to desire. I particularly
made this denunciation to the gentleman [Mr. A V. Brown]
who had got the letter fiom General Jackson in February,
1S43, and v.ho seemed to be vicariously charged with some
enterprise on my humble self. It was at the commencement
of the present session of Congress, I answered him on the
spot; and, as J have no concealtuntts, the gentleman rcfened
to is at liberty to relate all that i said.to him to the whole
world.''
Now, sir, (said Mr. B.,) I mean to make no reply
to any portion of that publication but what relates
personally to myself. The insinuation as to the
"McanVms" character which I "seemed*' to sustain in
the conversation alluded to, is wholly destitute of
foundation, There is not one word of truth m it,
whatever the impression of that senator [Mr. Ben-
ton] may have been at the time, nor the slightest
pretext for it. The conversation referred to was
not confidential, nor held at any private interview
between us. We casually fell in company, as mem-
bers frequently do, in going to or from the Capitol
to their boarding-houses. We were walking on
the public pavements, when the conversation
chanced to turn on the subject of annexation.
He advanced some of the opinions which he has
since avowed in his speeches. The distance of our
walk would not have allowed him to advance them
all. He was vehement in denouncing the motives
which had induced the President to bring forward
the subject, and the secret influences which he be-
lieved had prompted him to do so. This latter sus-
picion, and the surprise which the general tenor of
his remarks excited, (for 1 had never doubted that
he would be warmly for it,) induced me to refer to
my correspondence with General Jackson on the
subject. 1 made this reference with the hope that,
when he should learn that his great friend (General
Jackson) was so intimately connected with the
effort to acquire that line country, he would pause
and mature the subject well before he threw himself
in opposition to the measure. Sir, up to that'time
I had never stopped to consider how the question
would operate on the coming presidential election;
and my conversation had no reference whatsoever
to its influence that way. It could not have had any
such reference, for I was then a warm and decided
friend to Mr. Van Buren's nomination, and had
done much, in my own State and elsewhere, to
suppress any movement calculated to prevent it.
This single fact, known to hundreds, must forever
exonerate me from the imputation of having aided
or abetted, vicariously or otherwise, in getting up
and sustaining this Texas movement for any politi-
cal purposes.
Whatever part I have taken in gettting it up has
been very humble and unimportant; but I am free
to make it known to the world, and to defy any
man or all men successfully to impugn my mo-
tives.
Early in the winter of 1842—'3, I became con-
vinced that the affairs of Texas were coming rapidly
to a crisis, and that she must find some strong sup-
port, or she could not sustain herself to any advan-
tage among the independent nations of the earth.
Hence it naturally occurred to me, that the most
favorable period whould shortly arrive for its rean-
nexation to the United States. I saw the present
administration peculiarly situated. A President
without a party—nay, worse than that, a President
between two great parties, seldom sustained by
either, and often warred upon by both. Under such
circumstances, I apprehended it might be difficult to
prevail on him, however anxious he might be per-
sonally to do so, to enter on any great measure such
as the acquisition of Texas. Influenced by these
opinions, in January, 1843, I addressed a letter to
General Jackson, adverting to many or all of these
circumstances, and expressing the belief that, if his
opinions were still in favor of the measure, as I
knew they formerly were, a clear and decided
letter from him might be useful in rousing up or sus-
taining the administration in making such a move-
ment. In the spirit of ardent affection and admira-
tion, I expressed the desire that his name should be
connected with a great achievement like that, and
that it would be the crowning glory of his long and
eventful life. I give the substance and not the words
of the letter. I was so explicit as to the use I in-
tended to make of his fetter m inciting the adminis-
tration to make the movement, that I think I desired
him, if he was unwilling for it to be so used, not to
write it. Sir, his reply was received. It was used;
and I have reason to believe that it did much good
in encouraging the President to enter-ett-fchis great
work. It has also been published to his country-
men; and I rejoice to see every day the good that
it is accomplishing.
And now, Mr. Speaker, what is there in this
simple narrative that should have called down on
me the animadversion of any body, especially of
that distinguished senator with whom I perfectly
agreed as to a presidential candidate, and for whom
I had ever borne the highest testimony to his patri-
otism and talents. He speaks of absolving me of
all secrecy, and kindly informs me that I am at lib-
erty to state all that he said to mc on that occasion.
Sir, there was no secresy, and nothing was said by
him which he might not well be willing that the
whole world should know. But let me tell you, in
that respect, 1 stand on ^ high grounds as he does,
