fob
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
to reduce the rates of postage at this session. If
not, he thought the bill from the Senate should be
taken up and acted on, before this bill. He had
presented a number of petitions from his constit-
uents, praying for a reduction of the rates of post-
age, and knew that it was a subject in which the
country population was as much interested as the
population of the cities. He thought, if this bill
should be passed without a bill reducing the rates
of postage, that such was the feeling throughout the
country, that it would be impossible to carry it out.
Mr. CARY of Maine expressed himself , in favor
of the bill, and said that all the opposition to it had
come from the large cities, and along the railroad
routes. The reason why the Post Office Depart-
met with so much opposition, and couM not sustain
itself, was, that it was not corrupt like the arm y and
navy, and had not a host of idle officers living at the
public expense. If all the post-ooaches had a band
of music attached to them, like the revenue cutters,
some of which had fourteen musicians to four
sailors, the post office would find more favor. If the
Post Office Department had, like the Navy Depart-
ment, hundreds of officers loafing through the coun-
try, with nothing to do, and coming to members of
Congress, appealing to them to keep them in office
for tne sake of giving bread to their wives and chil-
dren, there would be no danger of its being put
down. But the department had been too honest to
receive support in these corrupt times. He hoped
the bill would pass, and that the Senate bill,
which would destroy the mail facilities of the coun-
try, would be rejected. He had lived in a place
where there was a mail only once a month, and now
lived where there was a mail only thrice a weeks so
that he was well able to appreciate the advantages of
sufficient mail facilities, and knew well what it would
be to be deprived of them.
Mr. CARROLL referred to the number of peti-
tions he had received and presented from his constitu-
ents for a reduction of the rates of postage; and said
that all the information he had received had con-
vinced him that such was the sentiment throughout
the country. He was satisfied that the passage of the
Senate bill would accomplish much good, and would
not be followed by any reduction of the mail facili-
ties which gentlemen apprehended. He thought
the bill before the House should be laid aside, and
the Seriate bill taken up, and acted on, as there was
a prospect of passing that bill; and he did not think
any other could be passed at this session.
Mr. THOMPON urged that the laying aside of
this bill would be sanctioning the running of private
expresses, which was done contrary to law. He
believed it was the duty of the House, first to pro-
vide for carrying out and executing the Post Office
laws; and then, if, upon examination, they found
they could reduce the rates of postage consistently
with a due regard to the public interest, it would
be time enough to do so. It had struck him as
something strange that members should be found
willing to justify the setting at naught the Post Of-
fice laws—for such he understood to be the tenor of
the remarks of some who had spoken on the sub-
ject.
If all this country consisted of cities, and had
railroads enough, he would be willing to do away
with the Post Office Department altogether; but it so
happened that the cities were sustained by jhe coun-
try, which was equally entitled to mail facilities.
The greatest amount of postage was paid in the
cities, it was true, but it was, in the end, paid by the
country; for the city merchants, in making up their
accounts with the country merchants, charged them
with the postages. Mr. T. then went, on to argue
that the adoption of the Senate bill would greatly
increase the expenditures of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and throw the burden of it on the Treasury.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR inquired whether the
Senate bill not contain both provisions, viz: a re-
duction of the rates of postage, and a provision
against infractions of the Post Office taws.
Mr. HOPKINS said that it did.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR then contended that the
Senate bill ought to be first acted on, and that it was
the duty of Congress to pass a measure so much in
accordance with the general sentiment of the
country.
Mr. W. J. BROWN suggested that the debate
had progressed sufficiently far for a full understand-
ing of the subject: and unless the discussion was
then brought to a close, it might continue till the
next day. He therefore moved that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The CHAIR said that the motion was not in or-
der.
Mr. PAYNE contended for the necessity of pass-
ing the bill, to put a stop to the continued violations
of the Post Office laws, and denied that public senti-
ment was such that the law could not be executed.
He then went into an examination oftheSenate bill,
which he strongly objected to, as tending not only
to diminish the mail facilities of the country, but to
throw the burden of the Post Office on the custom-
house revenue. He looked upon that bill as part of
a system in which were to be found national debt,
distribution, and extraragpnt expenditures, and
which was intended as an excuse for a high
tariff. It was for the purpose of giving bounties
to the manufacturing interest, that all the burdens of
the government were to be thrown on the custom-
house revenues, and these, too, were to be squander-
ed in wasteful and extravagant expenditures. Sup-
pose, said he, you quarter the Post Office on the
Treasury: who is to pay for the mail transportation
of the country? Those who are most interest-
ed—the merchants who receive the letters? No;
the burden was to be taken from them,
and thrown on the consumption of the coun-
try; and the cost of the letters of the merchants
was to be thrown upon the pound of sugar and the
bushel of salt consumed by the laborer. While
willing to extend all necessary facilities to the mer-
cantile interest, he was not willing to do it on the
terms proposed—he was not willing either to cut
down the mail facilities or throw the burden of the
Post Office Department on the consumption of the
country.
After some remarks from Mr. SCHENCK,
Mr. HARDIN next addressed the committee,
and proceeded to show that, though much of the
post office revenue of this country was received in
the large cities of the North and East, the credit
should not be wholly given to those sections of the
country, for some of it was due to those distant
States from which the letters were written.
Mr. HAMMET made some observations on the
insufficiency of mail conveniences in the South, and
concluded by moving that the committee rise.
On that question tellers were called for, and
Messrs. W. J. Brown and Winthrop were ap-
pointed, and they reported 37 in the affirmative, and
69 in the negative, being- less than a quorum.
Another count wes taken, which resulted thus—
81 in the affirmative, and 45 in the negative.
The committee rose accordingly, and reported
progress.
EASTERN HARBOR AND RIVER BILL.
Mr. HUNGERFORD then moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote on the eastern harbor and river bill,
which was taken yesterday pursuant to the terms of
the constitution, after it had been returned by the
President of the United States with his objections
thereto.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out of
order.
Mr. WINTHROP suggested that, as this motion
had taken them all by surprise, and was in fact a
new question entirely, the Speaker should take time
to consider it until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER said he had examined and well
considered the question, and had no doubt of the
correctness of his decision. He then recited the
provision of the constitution which prescribed the
course to be taken on bills returned to this House
with the presidential veto, and said the constitution-
al course had been pursued, and the motion now
made could not be entertained.
A conversation thereon ensued between Mr. WIN-
THROP and the SPEAKER.
Mr. ADAMS then said, in order to test the ques-
tion, he should respectful^ appeal from the deci-
sion of the Chair.
Mr. WINTHROP said, for the purpose of allow-
ing time for consideration, he would move that the
House do now adjourn.
On that motion the yeas and nays were called,
and resulted thus—yeas 71, nays 7G.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the appeal.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas GO,
nays 82.
Mr. REDING moved the previous question.
It was not seconded.
Mr. ADAMS rose to address the House upon
the appeal.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that if he would yield the floor,
he would move an adjournment.
Mr. ADAMS accordingly yielded the floor, and
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. CATLTN* The petition of Henry Gardner, and
others, praying for relief from certain judicial decisions:
referred to the Committee on the judiciary.
By Mr OWEN: The memorial of A. T. Wright, and 76
others* citizens of Indiana,graying that notice be given that
the joint occupation of'Oregon shall cease.
By Mr J T. SMITH: The petition of citizens of Philadel-
phia, praying for such an alteration in the naturalization
laws as will require a residence of 21 years m the United
States as a prerequisite to naturalization.
IN SENATE.
- Thursday, June 13,1S44,
Mr. CHOATE presented three memorials from the State
of Pennsylvania, praying that the naturalization laws may
be so changed as to* require of foreigners a residence of
twenty-one years before conferring upon them the rights of
citizenship: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial fiom citizens
of the town ofTecumseh, Michigan, remonstrating against
the annexation of Texas to the United States: ordered to lie
on the table-
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from a number <5f the
inhabitants of the county of-Albany, New York, praying
that the bill which has come tip from the House fixing a
uniform day for the election of members of Congress and
President and Vice President of the United States, be made
applicable to the election of 1S44: ordered to lie upon the
table.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pensions, re-
ported back, without amendment, and with a recommenda-
tion that it be indefinitely postponed, the following House
bills, viz:
The bill for the relief of Orvis Arsenith;
The bill for the relief of Patrick Masterson; and
The bill for the relief of William McCauley,
On motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, the. Committee on Pen-
sions was discharged from the further consideration ot the
petition of the widow of John Roberts for a pengion.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, reported back, without amendment, the'bill of the
House for the relief of Mary Telfair,
Mr. J. said a bill from the House for the relief of David
Atkinson, of the State of Missouri, had been referred to the
Committee on Pensions without any papers accompanying.
He mentioned the fact that if there were any papers in sup-
port of the claim they might be referred to the committee.
Mr. J., from the same committee, reported back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it be indefi-
nitely postponed, the bill of the House for the relief of
George Wentlmg.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that, in this ease, he would barely
observe that he had looked over the proofs and testimony
in support of it; and, if an opportunity was afforded, he
would reverse the decision of the committee, declaring
most solemnly that, from the examination of the testimony
in the whole case, if a man be entitled to a pension, this
man was.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Judiciary, re-
ported back, without amendment, and with a recommenda-
tion they do pass, the bill from the House entitled an act
supplementary to an act entitled an act to regulate mesne
process m the District of Columbia, approved the 1st Au-
gust, 1842; and for the relief of the legal representatives of
Francis Cazeau, late merchant at Montreal.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Commerce, re-
ported back, without amendment, and with a recommenda-
tion that it be indefinitely postponed the House bill entitled
an act to establish a collection district in the port of Chi-
cago. " „ ^
Mr MILLER, from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, reported back, without amendment, the following
bills from the House, viz:
The bill concerning conveyances or devises of places of
public worship in the District of Columbia.
The bill to amend the act to ineorpoiato the Alexandria
Canal Company ; and
1 he bill to repair the root of the court house in the town
of Alexandria
On motion of Vr. HUNTINGTON, the Committee on
Commerce was discharged Ifom the fin'.her consideration
of the petition of the ^iip t>\\ ners and of BaKnroie.
asking that experiments n;oy be made to test the practica-
bility ©fusing the Drnmrnond Light in the light-houses oi
the 1 n:ted States, instead of oil.
Also, reported back from the same committee, ith an
amendment's a substitute, the Ilou^c bill entitled an act
creating a collection district i-n the State «al 5 and con-
stituting Bangor. iti said o^triet. a port of entry and clear-
ance The substitute \va«5 ordered to be printed
4!*o, lepoited hack, without amendment and w:th a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, the bill* from the HonseJor
the relic! of the owners and crew of the schooner xviaiy
Francis. and owners and crew of the schooner Privado
.Also, reported back from the syuie committee, with ft
recommendation that they be indefinitely postponed, the fol-
lowing bills from the House—viz:
The bill for the relief of William Ellery.
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew oi the
schooner v<Success." _ ,
The bill for the relief of Daniel Grunt, Seth Gxard, Israel
P Sione, and Kmilv Pmkham, owners of the fishing schoon-
er James and Henry, of Cape Porpoise. Maine, md others. :
The bill for the relief of I evi Kidridge.
