COMBlimiL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 43~.
[Continued from No. 42.]
The bill for the relief of Joshua Knowles, and others, of
the fishing schdoner Garnet
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the fish-
ing schooner Flonlla.
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
fishing schooner Two Brothers.
The bill for the reliet of John H Russell, and others.
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew of schooner
Dove, and
The bill for the relief of Barnaby Baker, and others
owners of the schooner "Union.'
Mr. W OODBURY said it was within the recollectiou of the
Senate, that when the unlortunate accident 011 board the
Princeton took place, the President communicated the fact to
the two Houses of Congress, upon which the two Houses ap-
pointed a committee of arrangements to take charge of the
funeral Afterwards the committee recommended that each
House should pay a moiety of the expenses of that funeral
out of their contingent funds. The House yesterday adopted
a resolution directing their part to be paid ouj of their contin
gent fund. It has been proposed by the committee of ar-
rangements of the Senate, that the same course be pursued
here. He would therefore submit the following resolution,
viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
examine the accounts, and settle and pay' one half of the
same, out of the contingent fund of the Senate, of the fu-
neral expenses of those who were killed by the explosion
onboard the steamer Princeton: Provided, That the half to
be paid by the Secretary shall not exceed the sum of seven
hundred and seventy-five dollars.
The resolution lies over one day, under the rule.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on Pensions
was discharged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Azel Spalding, praying compensation lor his ser-
vices as pension agent, a general bill having been reported
for that purpose.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance, reported
back, without amendment, the bill making appropriation
for the naval service of the United States for the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1845; and the bill making appropriations
for the payment of naval pensions.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, the Committes on Pen-
sions was discharged from the furthei consideialion of the
petition of a number of citizens of New York, asking for a
pension for John Keith.
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse report
on the resolution instructing that committee to inquire into
the expediency of granting a pension to Lieut Silas Chat-
field. The report was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill for the re-
lief of David Currier; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. TALLMADGE submitted a resolution to allow extra
pay to the pages; which lies 011 the table.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Commerce, re-
ported a joint resolution to authorize the sale or other dis-
position of a lot of ground belonging to the United States
in the city of Savannah, Georgia, which was originally pur-
chased for the purpose of erecting a custom-house thereon,
which has not been used, and which is believed to be unfit
foi that purpose: read, and oidexed to a second leading,
subsequently considered as in committee of the whole, re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
reported back, without amendment, the joint resolution
from the House authorising the accounting officers ot the
treasury to audit and settle the accounts of William P. Zant-
zinger. *
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On motion by Mr BENTON, the previous orders of the
day were postponed; and the Senate took up foi considera-
tion, as m committee of the whole, the bill for the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States
Mr. BENTON spoke for moie than two hours upon the
subject.
Mr. EVANS moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr McDUFFIE expressed a wish to say something. He
thought it was but just that the question should be kept
open to enable some reply to the remarks of the senator
from Missouri.
Mr. EVANS said such was the condition of the business
that he must persist 111 his motion. Some other oppoitunity
might occur, after the appropriation bills were disposed of,
to enable senators to reply
Mr. McDUFFIE demanded the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to lay on the table, which were ordered, and thebill\
was ldii on the table by—yeas 25, nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden. Dayton. Evans, Francis, Han-
negan, Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Porter, Rives, Simmons,
Upham, and Woodbndge—23.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Buchanan, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Haywood,
Lewis. McDuftie, Niles, Semple, Stuigeon, Tallmadgc.
Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, and Wright—20.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILL.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the House bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of government
for the fiscal year ending the 30th day of June, 1845, and
for other purposes, was taken us as in committee of the
whole.
Mr. EVANS said the question would be first on the
amendments reported by the Committee on Finance.
The first three amendments were severally read and
adopted, w ithout objection, in the order following:
1. Increasing the appropriation for stationery, fuel,print-
ing, and ail other contingent expenses of the Senate, from
$40,000 to $60,000.
2. increasing the appropriation for purchasing books for
the Library of Congress, irom $2,d00 to $5,000.
3. Inserting, among the appropriations for the office of the
Secretary of the Trfeasui-y, an odditional sum of $760 for
compensation for carrying the department mails, and foi ai*
rearages for two ) ears.
The fourth amendment was to strike out the appropna-
tion for completing the marine hospital at the to"wn oi Me-
Donough, opposite the city of New Orleans, $30,000.
Mr. JOHNSON inquired why the Committee on Finance
proposed to strike out this appropiiation?
Mr. EVANS explained that the committee did so for two
reasons: first, because the appropriation had no business m
a civil and diplomatic appiopiiation bill; and next, because
there was not apaiticle of evidence before the committee
that this or any other sum was necessary.
Mr. BARROW contended strenuously that a marine
hospital at New Oileuns was indispensable to com-
meice; that the appropriation of Congress had been al-
ready made to the amount of $60,000, but only as much of
it was expended us raised the walls and put on the roof; that
the main part of the appropriation was tiansferied to the
surplus fund, and that the appropriation now required was
only in lulfilment ol a lormer act.
Mr. EVANS replied, stating that no estimates or evidence
had been adduced to the committee.
On Mr. WOODBURY'S suggestion, this amendment was
passed by till the gentleman "had time to supply some proof,
for there had been really none before the committee, that
either $10,000, $20,000, or $30,000 was neccssaiy. He did
not doubt that something was required.
The 5th amendment was, to strikeout the appropriation
of $4,000 for the pa>ment of Jeremiah Smith, junior, as
per schedule to the Sac and Fox treaty, concluded 11th Oc-
tober, 1S42, and the act of Congress of 3d Maich, 1843, for
carrying into effect the provisions of said treaty.
The proposition to strike out this appropriation was urged
by Mr. EVANS, on grounds similar to those he urged in re-
gard to the preceding urie; and was opposed by Messrs. BU-
CHANAN, CRITTENDEN, WRIGHT, and others.
The nature of the case was this, as understood from its
discussion:
The money had already been paid by the Treasury De-
partment to a Jeiemiah Smith, but not the right one The
Jeremiah named in the schedule of the treaty had a 'junior' to
his name, and the other had not. The other Jeremiah had a
claim against the government for $400, and, 011 calling at
the department to know if any appropriation had been made
for his claim, was told there was not one lor $400, but theie
was lor $4,000 He asked the particulars, and, having
learned them, kept daik, went away, got up the necessary
papers, describing himself as "Jeremiah Smith here pres-
ent,'" and got along with them through the diiferent oihces
without any difficulty, till it came to the point of piesenting
them for payment to the treasurer. But, to avoid doing
in person, ®e cunningly waited till a few minutes before 3
o'clock, when the doors close, and then stepped ovei to the
bank, pretending that he had not time to get through the of-
fices that evening and could not do without the money.
On his assignment, the bank gave him the money; and next
day the treasurer paid it to the bank. Nothing wiong
would have been suspected, had not the real Jeiemiah ju-
nior applied for the money, in due season. On being told
that another Jeremiah had personated him, he ga\e ample
proof that he himself was the only one entitled; and the
Attorney General and Secretary of the Treasury, on a re-
view of the case and documents, decided upon paying the
real Jeremiah the money, and gave him notice to that effect
He sent on his power of attorney to receive it; but, for some
reason or other, it had not as yet been paid. It was now 16
months due, and, in consequence ot this delay, the man's
property bad been sold to pay demands this money was in-
tended to meet.
It was aigued that it*was not necessary to make an appro-
piiation for the money a sccond time, the Attorney Gen-
eral and Secretary of the Treasury having decided on pay-
ing the real Jeremiah Smith, jr; but that the appropriation
should be to allow the Treasurer credit for the amount thus
paid in eiror
The question being taken on the amendment, it was re-
jected, ayes 10, noes 22.
So the appropriation was not stricken out.
The following amendments were adopted without ob-
jection, being as follows: (continuing their numerical
order)
6th. In the appiopriations for the Navy Department to in-
sert, "provided, That whenever a captain 111 the navy shall
fill the office of the Chief of the Buieau ol C-onstiuction,
Equipment, and Repairs, or the office of the Bureau and
Clothing, his compensation shall be the same as that allow-
ed by law to the chief of the Bureau of Navy Yaids and
Docks; and the sum of one thousand dollais is herebj ap-
piopnated for the additional compensation hereby granted,
and a further sum of one thousand dollars, or so much there-
of as may be necessary for arrearages."
7th. In the appropriations for the same department, to in-
crease the sum for extra clerk hire from £3,000 to *6.000
The Senate at this stage ol the proceeding, at the hour of
three o'clock, took a access till five o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
CIVIL ANK DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILL.
Amendments adopted without debate:
8th. Inserting, "for compensation ol assistant surgeon,
detailed for duty in the bureau of medicine and surgeiv, at
the redtt 6i$l,400 p6t annum, including arrearages cilice the*
24th April, 1844, o0.y
9th Inserting Site? the ippJopriation of $SC0 for miscella-
neous item* in the Tost Ofcce Department, the woi^s, in-
cluding compensation to the snpftnntendent of the General
Post Office building fiornthe Isio* January, 1SU, to the 30tli
of June, 1844, at the late of $250 a 3 but"
10th. Inserting, "for clerks m the offices of the Soi veyo?*
General, to transcube field notes ol suivey, Jeff I fee purport*
of preserving them at the seat of government, il> addition to>
former appiopriations, as follows: Office of Sur\e}vr Gen-
eral MOitiiwcst of Ohio, $1,500; Cfiico of fcimeyor Gi-weryK
Ol Wisconsin and Iowa, $2 000, Office of Huive>or General!
Of Illifiois afid Mlssoun, !j4,0C0; Office of Suive>nr Gene?&%
of Arkansas, $1,000; Office of Suivejor General of Ala-
bama, $1 -000
11th. Striking out, "for negotiating with the Winnebago
and Sioux Indians, $2,000."
12th. Limiting the appropriation for the legislative de-
partment of the Territory ©1 Florida to its own membeis awl
officers.
14tli, loth, 16th, 17th. Sepaiatiilg the joint appropriation
of $8,000, for the statutes made by Pefsfco and Greenottgh,
for the blocking on the East side of the Capitol, ro as to
make a payment to Greenongh of $4,000 ior his group,
and a payment of $4,000 to Persico, as compensation ior ser-
vices rendered, and expenses incuned in bunging his gtouj>
here, and placing it on its pedestal
18th. Striking out a parenthetical clause.
19th. Increasing the appropiiation for suLvevmg the pub-
lic lands, from $50,000 to $162,000.
[20th passed over, to be del ated. See conclusion of the
the proceedings 011 this hill ]
21st Inserting, "lor salary of consul at Fe> lout. $ft001
22d. Sinking out of the specific pppiopriations. ior outfits
to loreign ministers, the v.ord "Russia,1 and usf-erting
"Mexico.'' _ . ,
23d. Inserting, "for salaries Of the present charges des af-
faires to Belgium and Sardinia for the half ) eai ending De-
cember 11, 1844, $4,500.''
24th. Including in same general appiopnfttion for outfits,
Sardinia, Chili, and Texas.
25th. Increasing the sum for these outfits from $v7,0C0to
$40,300.
26th. Inserting, "for compensation to the commissioner to
the Sandwich Islands, $3,000."
27th Inserting, "for defraying expemes of foi warding
the mails between Chagres and Panama, including the com-
pensation of an agent at each of those places for that pur-
pose, under the duection ol the Secretary ol State, $.*,000.
[28th debated. See concluding part of proceedings ]
29th Inseiting, "$1,291 for compensation and aireai ages
of copying clerk in the office of Solicitor of the Treasuiy.-'
30th. "tor increasing compensation of assistant messen-
ger 111 the General Land Office to $1 7.) per day, $08S 7,3 "
31st. Inserting, "for additional compensation to the as-
sistant messenger m the office ol Register of the '1 reasiuy,
$200.
32d. Inserting, "for compensation and anearages for pi t>
parmg a classified sj noptical index of public documents 111
the office of Comptroller ol the U ieasury, &c., $1 ,i:.s.'
33d. Inserting, "for compensation ol tour clerks heieby
authorized to be appointed and employed in the office ot
Comptroller of the Treasury, $5,6C0 "
[31th debated See concluding part of piocoedings ]
3oth. Inserting $36 "> for addit.onal compensation to the
watchman employed at the War Department.
[36th, 37th, and 38th debated. See concluding part of
proceedings ]
The amendments without debate having been gone
through with, those laid over for discussion weie taken up
111 the follow mg order:
20th. In the appiopriation for the salaries of the charges
desaftaiies to Portugal, Denmaik, Sweden, Holland, Bel-
gium, Chili, Peru, Venezuela, New Granada, Texas, Na-
ples, Sardinia, and Buenos Ayres; to strike out "Belgium"'
and "Saidinia '
Mr. ARCHER, chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, called upon the chairman of the Committee on
Finance [Mr. Evans] for information as to this pioposition
Mr. EVANS explained, that the committee understood the
gentleman in charge of one ofthose missions had asked and
obtained leave to lesign duung the cuirent half year, and
the salaries of both weie provided for till December 111 au
amendment already adopted. It was thought piobable the
mission to Sardinia might be dispensed with, but if found
necessaiy to contiuue it, the salary for the next half year
could be provided for soon enough next session, ho, too,
with regard to Belgium.
The subject w as debated at great length. Messrs EVANS,
CRITTENDEN, and BERRIEN, contending that the tieaty
having been satisfactorily concluded, all that was necessary
was to keep a consul at Sardinia, a micron of higher grade
being wholly useless; and Messrs. ARCHER, MERRK fv,
and CHOATE maintaining that the population of Cordnna
bting five millions, and oui indnect trade v\ ith that counti y
having now grownup to $1,600,000 } f-arly. our interests—
particularly in reference to the great object of the treaty,
our tobacco interest—required the continuance of the mis-
sion now established, particularly as we had requested ot
Sardinia a reciprocity of ministers, end that court kept one
of equal grade at our «eat ol government
Mr. WOODBI RV said thai he io&e meielv to suggest one
or two practical considerations connected \\ ith this mission
to Sardinia.
We had a commerce there, circuitous more than direct,
and connected with the grain, fish, and lard oi tins country,
as well as the tobacco. These articles cleat ed to Cuba and
Brazil, and their proceeds m coffee and sugar went then to
Genoa and into the interior. Again: our Mediterranean
squadron at times visited that beautiful haibor. and wero
