674
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
likely to do so more—a port whence so many gallant fleets
-had formerly swarmed.
But beyond these, to render a minister proper, yve naa a
new treaty, on the construction ofVhich new points were
likely to arise, and much, oftener theft ifccou&trifcstvhe te
our treaties were old. A consul was a mere merchant, and
not a lawyer or .statesman to grapple with such questions;
and even a higher minister than a charge would not, for a
time, be amiss- for this place, and the rest of Italy if you
please. There were no open questions now at Austria or
Russia, at Sweden or Denmark, at Holland or Belgium, Ven-
ezula or New- Grenada, Peru or Chili, more than hete; and
•if this mission was to be discontinued on that account, so
shouLd these be. But in truth, under a growing cxwnmerce,
a resort of our large squadron, and "a new treaty with Sar-
dinia, difficult questions were more likely to arise, than at
most of the old missions; and if^ by urn ting two or more con-
tiguous courts, we coula have sent a higher resident minis-
ter than a chaise here, and at several of the rest, the whole
expenses might be diminished and the higher grade of quali-
fications insured for the respectability of our cftftfttry, and
the security of our interests abroad.
On this amendment the yeas and £&vys were demanded,
and resulted—yeas 15, nays 28. "follows:
YEAS—Messrs Berrien, ^lttenden, Dayton, Evans,
Henderson, Huntington, ^itnagin, Johnson, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Sempfe^ T&ppan, Upham, and Wright—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Atherton,
Bagby, Bates, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Choate, Col-
quitt, Fairfield, Francis, Fulton, Hannegan, Haywood,
Huger, LewVs, McDuftie, Mangum, Merrick, Porter, Sevier,
Sturgeon-I'allmadge, Walker, Woodbridge, and Woodbury
—38.
So Ihe word "Sardinia" was not stricken out.
t«lr. EVANS said it was not necessary to make any dis-
tinction-with regard to Belgium.
The whole amendment was then rejected.
Mr. EVANS said, as a matter of course* the 23d amend-
ment was now unnecessary.
It was accordingly, by unanimous assent, stricken out.
On the 28th amendment, being as follows: "For payment
for the 4th and 5th volumes of the Documentary History,
under contract with the Secretary of State, $48,297,"
Mr. TAPPAN said tos was utterly opposed to this appro-
priation, and should demand the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. EVANS said the senator frem Ohio did not seem
to understand the matter. Here was a contract which it
was impossible to set aside, and the duties having been per-
formed under it, must be paid for. The work had been done
and received, How, then, was Congress to get over paying
lor it? A very great and important modification of the con-
tract had been made with the sanction of the contractor.
Would the senator refuse to pay the obligations of the gov-
ernment for v;0rk done according to its contract?
Mr. TA^VaN said he knew of no effectual mode of stop-
ping this business of printing books by Congress for distri-
bution to themselves, but by refusing to pay for them.
"Mr. EVANS. I put this question to the senator: have the
4th and 5th volumes of this work been printed according to
contract, and received by the government)
Mr. TAPPAN did not know.
Mr. EVANS. I do know; and I tell him they have, and
they must be paid for.
Mr. MERRICK said it was useless to attempt any evasion
of the contract. A great point had been gained in its modifi-
cation; but the very act authorizing this modification, con-
firmed the obligations of the government as to the work
fcauctioned by the Department of State. How did the sen-
ator from Ohio think it was possible for the government to
get out of this modified contract?
Mr. EVANS, (from his seat:) Let him have the yeas and
nays.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays, and ie-
Suited—yeas 24, nay 6, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Breese,
Choate, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Fulton, Hay-
wood, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagin, Mangum, Merrick,
Rearce, Phelps, Porter, Tallmadge, Upham, Walker, and
Woodbridge—24.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Lewis, Tappan, and
Wright—(>.
So the amendment \vat> adopted.
On the 34th amendment, which was as follows: "For de-
fraying the expenses incurred by the National institute, in
taking care of the public property and collections in its
charge, $4,000: piovided, That, m confoimity with the pow-
er reserved in its charter, the title of all property now or
hereafter in charge, and under the control of the institute,
not before belonging to the United States., be vested in
them."
Mr. ALLEN called for information.
Mr. WOODBURY explained that the public property,
consisting of miscellaneous collections, both native and for-
eign, of specimens m natnral history, Indian curiosities, &c.,
hitherto in care of several of the e\ecutive department's,
having become so numerous as to be inconvenient, they
had, with the assent or request of the departments, been
transferred to the care of the National Institute, in the laige
room of the Patent Office appropriated to the use of the in-
stitute. It was soon known; and large contnbutions of like
articles, and books were made from all quartern. There
were some inevitable expenses attending this care, consist-
ing of freights on specimens of minerals, collections coming
m from other countries, postages, and the services of those
employed about the business, and for which the sum pro-
posed to be appropriated was very moderate.
Mr. TAPPAN considered those things m the care of a
salaried officer of the government—the Commissioner of
Patents and his assistants. This matter belonged to the
Committee on the Library. The government should have
nothing to do with the property of the National Institute:
ana no appropriation should be made to purchase its trash.
He would not give $200 for their whole collection.
ISir. WOODBURY read the report of a member of the
♦ on the Library, expressly deputed to examine
into the matter; which report showed the immense extent
una value of this collection, consisting of many thousand ar-
icies. a large library, and numerous boxes yet unopened.
\ . v HOATK, as a Jnewber 0f ^omriMttee, testified to
the high qualities of the gentleman who made the report,
and to the Value and importance of the collection.
Mr. ALLEN denounced this new creation of apolitical de-
partment, as one got up under the pretence of keeping the
skins of beasts and collections of bugs; and characterized it
as part and parcel of the system of extravagance ana squan-
dering of the public money fbr political effect, which was
tending so tapidly to centralization and consolidation oi
power in the ftarids of the general government. .
Mr. WALKER pointed out the inconsistency of relusmg
to pay the expenses of taking care of this miscellaneous
property of the government, and voting for appropriations
to take care of other specific property. It cost less under
the care of the institute than it WoUla scattered through the
offices of the several departments; and -those who voted tor
the expedition tte make the collection given m charge to the
institute, could not, he thought, consistently refuse a small
expropriation to preserve them.
Mr. BUCHANAN was sorry to be obliged to differ trom so
many members -of the institute—for every one knew how
much they had distinguished themselves m the late exhibi-
tion of the members of the National Institute, and how ar-
dently they advocated its advantages to the country; but he
did not want to see the government purchasing these curi-
osities; there was no necessity, for. at the expiration oi tn<*
charter of the institute, they would all belong to the gov-
ernment. He pointed out one of the most valuable colleges
in the United States in which the services of three able pro-
fessors are considered-well paid for at each, amount-
ing to only $4,500, and here were $4,000 proposed to be giv-
en for this collection'. Let the institute keep and take care
of its own property. ,
Mr. BERRIEN asked, was this the nineteenth century, m
which he heard it objected to this institution, that its ob-
jects were either political, or so trifling as to regard only
the keeping for show of skins of beasts, and collections ol
bugs? He repudiated such views. When gentlemen talk-
ed thus of bugs, they seemed to forget that there was some-
thing more contemptible, and that was, humbugs. "Kern-
garded the institute as essential to a nation in an advanced
stage of civilization, and most important in preserving that
intercourse of nations which tended to harmonize and en-
lighten the human family.
After some further remarks by Mr. B., advocating the ap-
propriation, ,
Mr. WOODBURY said he besought the indulgence of the
Senate a single moment. This appropriation was entirely
misunderstood, as to both its object and constitutionality.
Its object was not to purchase a collection of curiosities and
books from the institute, but merely to defray the expense
of taking care of what had long been, our own curiosities
and books, and such others as we had a reversionary inter
est in. It object was not donations to corporations in the
States, or to individuals—not advancing the private inter-
ests of any one—but to furnish, in part, the money required
to be paid for preserving well our own property. No mem
ber of the institute received a dollar for his personal ser-
vices; but freights, postages, lights, manual labor, &c., about
the articles, would engross the whole sum in one or two
years.
And were we to be told that it was unconstitutional to
take good care of what belonged to the government"? Yet
that was the whole design of the appropriation, and we should
be derilect to duty,and our constitutional duty, if we allowed
any part of the public propeity to perish through our neg-
lect. He would not say how far we could and ought to go
in liberal aid to science, the arts, and embellishments of life,
within this District, where we possessed exclusive legisla-
tion. That was not now the question. But it was whether
public property, like the eagle ovei your head—the portrait
of the father of his country, on the wall before us—the
statues in front of the Capitol—the mSlals m your depart-
ments—the books in your libraries—were not all to be taken
care of* And, if so, are not similar articles of yours lodged
with the institute'? And if it has been constitutional to ob-
tain and preserve those, has it not been so as to these7 And
will you make appropriations to pay clerks, watchmen, and
a police in this very bill, to guard "the former, and not vote
e\en a pittance to protect the latter7 Yes. sir, let me tell
the senators from Onio, you vote in this bilinear fifty thou-
sand dollars to preserve and perpetuate the fruits of the ex-
ploring expedition—rock?, shells, plants, reptiles, fish,
"bugs," and all; and yet falter and doubt if we can vote any-
thing to defray the expense of the charge of similar arti-
cles belonging to you, and obtained at much lesb cost, and
ma manner much less questionable as to its constitution-
ality. #
if gentlemen insist on sneering at bugs, let me caution
them that the worst bug of all is a humbvg.
After some further observations from Mr. TAPPAN in op-
position,
Mr HAYWOOD, to make the amendment acceptable to
him, moved to strike out its proviso, which motion was neg-
atived.
On the amendment, the yeas and nays, called for by Mr.
TAPPAN, resulted: yeas 30, nays 14, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayaid, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden. Dayton, E\ans, Francis.,
Fulton, Henderson, Huger. Huntington, Jarnagin, John-
son. Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Moreliead. Pearce, Phelps,
Porter, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Upham, Walker, Wood-
bridge. and Woodbury—SO
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby,
Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt. Fairfield, Ha) wood, Lewis,
Semple, Sevier, Tappan, and Wright—14.
So it was adopted.
On the 36th amendment, which was as follows:
"For the purchase of the building, in the city of Philadel-
phia, formerly the Bank of the United States, for a custom-
house for the port of Philadelphia, $275,000;"
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered.
Mr. EVANS explained, that this matter had been fully
and maturely considered, not only by the mercantile inter-
ests of Philadelphia, but by the Treasury Department, and
the Committee on Finance, and the Committee of Ways and
Means. All came to the conclusion that such an ofter as
now presented itself for purchasing a suitable custom-house
at Philadelphia should not be neglected. The old custom-
house ther! was in a dilapidated condition, and a new one
wMNecessary. The lot of the old custom-house would
llnnnn- so that the net cost of the proposed pur-
fhi^ wotlX reduced to $228,000. That this would be a
grSIt Zaroun, was manifest from the fact that a competent
surveyor certified that the lot alone was worth $227,000, and
11 M^HUN^GTON, as' chairman of the Committee on
Commerce recommended this purchase as one which would
faveThe government six or seven hundred thousand dollars;
for a new® custom-house such as that m Boston or New
York could not be built short of a million of dollars.
Mr.'BUCHANAN warmly advocated the proposition.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked if he rightfully understood that
it was the late banking-house of the Bank of the l-mted
States that was to be purchased for a c"®t0™;h?"s<L b k.
Mr. BERRIEN said it was, not the old, but the new banK
lnfir°CRITTENDEN. Well, I wish to inquire of my ex-
cellent friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchajias.1 '"aether
these pure gentlemen, the ofheers' ®v?°J\
defiled and corrupted by going into it? [Great laug]>'"■]
Mr. BUCHANAN. There might be; but we will take care
to have it exorcised and purified before we let them into it.
^Mr^OHNSON said there was no port in the Union stood
so much in need of a new custom-house as
and he hoped next session to see some appropriation made
for that purpose, seeing that it was too late this session to
expect a motion to that effect would prevail.
The question was then taken on the amendment to pur-
chase the banking-house of the United States Bank, and re-
sulted—yeas 34, nays 9, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Atherton, Barrow,
Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Critten-
den, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Fulton, Henderson, Huger,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Sevier, Simmons, Stur-
geon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Upham, Walker, Woodbridge,
Woodbury—34. _ , „ „
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Breese, Colquitt, Pair
field, Hannegan, Haywood, Lewis, and Semple—9
So the amendment was adopted.
The 37th amendment was to_ strike out for outnt ot
charge de afiaires to Texas, $4,500."
Mr. EVANS explained that it was under a misconception
this amendment hadbeen recommended.
It was accordingly rejected.
At the suggestiojiof Mr. WOODBURY, the word late,
befoie "charge de affaires," was put in as an amendment, so
as to apply to Mr. Murphy's outfit. .
The 38th amendment was, in relation to repairs ol the
state house in Florida, to strike out the following: "Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized to pay to Sextus Shearer, out of balances of ap-
propriations heretofore made for blacksmith's establish-
ments,the sum of $1,523,05, for goods furnished the New
York Indians*," which, on motion of Mr EVANS, was modi-
fied by an amendment to substitute for the whole appropria-
tion the following, which was adopted: ''For the settlement
of the claims of Sextus Shearer for goods furnished the New
York Indians, $1,523,05, to be paid out of balances of appro-
priations heretofore made for blacksmith's establishments in
the Indian service."
The amendment No. 4. was then reverted to, being, to
strike out the appropriation of $30,000 for the marine hos-
pital at the town of McDonough, opposite Nfew Orleans.
The discussion on this subject was resumed by Messrs.
BARROW and JOHNSON in favor of the appropriation,
and Mr. EVANS in favor of the amendment; and, finally,
the amendment was rejected.
This appropriation and that for Jeremiah Smith, were
transferred to more appropriate places m the bill.
The committee's amendments having been all gone
through, on motion of Mr. EVANS, the following additional
amendments were adopted:
Inserting the word ''for" before "fish5* m the appropria-
tion for the public grounds; striking out the word ''annual''
where not required; striking out $3,500 for f>xtra clerk hire
in the appropriation for the officer of the First Comptroller
of the Treasuiy Department; inserting $1,200 for fighting
Pennsylvania avenue, striking out, "For outfit of minister
to Brazil, to take eftect on the 16th of February, 1844,
$9,000;'" and adding to the general appropriation for outfits,
'•for outfits to the fate and piesent minister to Brazil, and
of,'" and changing the sum to $49,o00; adding to the appro-
priation of $4,000 for expenses incidental to the issue of
treasury notes, the following proviso:
Profiled, That no part of this appiopriation be applied,
and no compensation shall be made to any officer whose sal-
ary is established by law, for preparing, signing, and issu-
ing said treasury notes.
Inserting in the appropriations lor the office of the Regis-
ter of the Treasury, the following:
"For the employment of a clerk, qualified to conduct and
execute the statistical compilations and returns required to
be prepared in the Treasury Department for the use of Con-
gress, agreeably to the joint re-solution of the present ses-
sion. $1>500."
Mr. EVANS now moved to insert, as an additional sec-
tion, the following:
"That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and are hereby, authorized arid required to settle the ac*
count of Thomas Allen for printing for the use of Congress
the Compendium of the Sixth Census, according to the
rates allowed by law for executing other like printing of
Congress, and that the sum found due, alter deducting foim-
er payments, be paid to the said Allen, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. E. explained that this matter had been fully discuss-
ed last session m both Houses, and was well understood.
A double quantity of the Compendium of the Census had
been received and distributed; one portion from Mr. Allen,
authorized by contract with the Secretary of State accord-
ing to law, and the other from Messrs. Blair &. Rives, or-
dered by a clerH in the depaitmimt before anv cotttracr
