CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
€75
was authorized by law. The expenses of printing, in both
cases, had been awarded last Congress, and this amendment
w m balance due to the authorized contractor.
Mr. WRIGHT regretted this subject was brought up in
c°"*iection with True, it was an old acquaintance
oi the Senate. He had, last Congress, taken some pains to
examine into it; but he could hardly trust to his memory
P°w *or the particulars. He would ask the chairman of
the Finance Committee if a number of copies of this. Com-
pendium, double that ordered, had not been contracted for,
received, and distributed; and, if the government had not
had the benefit of the one as well as the other supply; and
whether the same .compensation had not been made to
both?
Mr. EVANS said that one contract was authorized, and
the other was not: it was his impression that as many copies
ol the former as the latter had not been received, and that,
therefore, the amount of compensation paid, was not the
feame.
Mr. WRIGHT said he was sure they were the same. If
additional compensation was now to be made to one the
plain rule was evident that it should be made to the other.
The indisputable facts were, that Blair & Rives were the
legal printers of the census, and he did not doubt that they had
a profitable job; but since that, Congress had authorized the
j)imting of a Compendium under the superintendence of the
State Department. The law said nothing about the printer.
The same clerk who furnished the copy of the original cen-
sus to Messrs. Blair &Rives, furnished them the copy of
the Compendium, and ordered them to proceed with the
work. They could not know that he did or did not excccd
his powers, and they executed the work as ordered. When
however, they had got it all, or nearly all in type, they were
called upon by the Secretary of State to return the copy,
which they .injusLcs to themselves, refused to do They then
for the first time, learned that the Secretary of State repudi-
ated the order of his clerk, and had contracted with the then
editor of the Madisonianforthe printing of the Compendium.
Both printers went on and printed the number required by
Congress, so that there were actually duplicate copies fur-
nished, which Congress received and distributed. If Con-
gress was now to pay extra compensation over that already
allowed, why pay it to one, and not to the other?
Mr. EVANS did not intend, at this late hour, both of the
day and the session, to go over a matter so well understood.
He merely recapitulated the particulars as he understood
them. It might be sufficient answer that Mr. Allen had ap-
plied for this compensation, furnishing satisfactory proof
that he was entitled to it. Messrs. Blair & Rives had not
made any such application, and the Finance Committee did
not see any necessity for going beyond the case before it.
Mr. WRIGHT would supply that deficiency by moving
to amend the amendment by inserting, after the name of Mr.
Allen, the words "and Messrs Blair & Rives."
Mr. EVANS could not, in the absence of equal proof of
title, vote for the amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered on his amendment to the amendment.
Mr WOODBURY remarked that the House of Repre-
sentatives last Congress, on a full review of the whole mat-
ter, made an adjudication alike on both eases, evidently
considering them equally entitled to compensation
Mr. EVANS said the Senate never concuxred in the idea
that the contracts were equal, though they paid them both
alike.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wright's amend-
ment, to include the names of Blair &, Rives, and resulted—
yeas 22, nays 20—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buchanan, Fairfield, Fulton, Hannegan, Hay-
wood, Huger, Lewis, McDuflie, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Crit-
tenden, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Huntington, Jarnagm,
Johnson, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Peaice,
Phelps, Porter, Upham, and Woodbridge—20.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that, although the amendment he
had submitted had been adopted, he should vote against the
amendment as amended.
Mr. EVANS proposed to withdraw the amendment, lather
than both should be paid.
Mr BUCHANAN remarked that it could not be with-
drawn, the amendment having been amended.
Mr. EVANS. Well, let the vote be taken by yeas and
nays.
Mr. FEARCE explained the matter, as he understood it,
fiom having been a member of the committee of the other
House last Congress, which investigated the matte:, and
arguing that Blair & Rives's authority to print under the first
law of Congress authorizing the printing of the general
census returns, was no authority for them to print the Com-
pendium, though ltwas made outs by the superintendent
of the census, and furnished to them by him The superin-
tendent exceeded his authority, under the law, m author-
izing the printing of the Compendium.
Mr. TALLMADGE lemarked that he had voted with his
Colleague, relying on his information that it was right, m
principle, to pay both; but as he found it was the inten-
tion of his colleague to vote against the amendment as
amended, he should move a reconsideration of the vote
just taken.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays on the recon-
sideration, and they were ordered.
The question was taken on reconsidering the vote, aud
resulted—yeas 23, nays 19. as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Archer. Bate*, Bayard, Berrien. Choate,
Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Johnson, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Fearce,
Phelps, Porter, Semple, Tallmadge, Upham, and Wood-
bridge—23."
NAYS—> .essrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Benton,
Breese, Buchanan, Fairfield, Fulton, Hannegan, Haywood,
Huger, Lewis, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wood-
bury, and Wright—19.
The question then recurred on Mr. Wright's amend-
ment, to include the names! of Messrs. Blair &. Rives,
and xesulied—yeas 20, navs 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ion, Breese, B^chaiiap, Fairfield, Fulton, Hannegan, Hay-
wood, Huger, Lewis, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Woodbury, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Crittenden, Evans, Francis, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearce, Phelps,
Porter, Tallmadge, Upham, and Woodbridge—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The vote was then taken on the original amendment, and
resulted—yeas 26, nays 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Dayton, Evans, Francis, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Johnson, McDuflie, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead,
Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Semple, Sevier, Tallmadge, Upham,
Walker, and Woodbridge—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buchanan, Fairfield, Fulton, Hannegan, Stur
geon, Tappan, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was adopted.
On motion of Mr BATES, chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, $2,900 was inserted for extra clerks in the office
of the Commissioner ot Pensions.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, an addition of $200 was in-
serted for additional compensation to three assistant mes-
sengers in the oiiice of the Second Auditor of the Tres-
ury.
Mr. LEWIS proposed and advocated the following amend-
ment:
"For such compensation as the President may deem ade-
quate, not exceeding the sum of four thousand dollars, to be
paid to the counsel employed by his direction in defending
the interests of the United States against claims to land in
Florida, alleged to have been granted by the Spanish gov-
ernment; and that two thousand dollars additional be ap-
propriated for continuing the said services of counsel for
the ensuing year, if the same shall be deemed necessary by
the ^President."
This amendment, after discussion, was rejected.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to insert the following amend-
ment:
"For outfit to David Porter, late minister resident to Tur-
key, to be paid to his legal representatives, $6,000."
Mr. B stated the circumstances which had rendered this
claim just and proper. Commodore Porter had been charge
d'affaires to Turkey for several years, when, on his return,
at the instance of the Sultan, who wished to have frequent
intercourse with him about naval affairs, but was prevented
by etiquette, our mission not being of the rank of resident
minister, he was sent back in the latter rank, but without
the customary outfit. It was subsequently promised to him,
but he never got it. His widow now needed this sum, hav-
ing, like the widows of some of our bravest <ind most mer-
itorious officers, been left without a dollar.
Mr EVANS, upon such an appeal could make no resist-
ance to the amendment; but he stated the circumstances as
he understood them, believing that any provision made
originated only in the good wishes of some friend in Con-
gress, and that the commodore himself, had he lived, would
have made no claim. The increase of rank and salary, with
the original outfit, as charge d'affaires, was considered all
that could be expected by him.
Mr. BUCHANAN took a different view of the subject.
He appealed to a letter from Mr. Forsyth to Commodoie
Porter, as evidence that the claim was relied on.
Mr. BERRIEN strongly advocated the amendment.
It was unanimously adopted.
Mr BAYARD submitted two amendments, which, on dis-
cussion, appearing to be more appropriate to the navy ap-
propriation bill, he consented to withdraw—giving notice
that lie would move to insert them in that bill to-morrow.
On motion by Mjr. TAPPAN, the following amendment
was adopted:
Insert, "for defraying the expenses of taking care of and
preserving the botanical and horticultural specimens
brought home by the exploring expedition, and for the sal-
ary of the keeper, and enlarging the green-house, undei the
direction and contiol of the Joint Committee on the Library,
$2,200 "
Mr. ARCHER moved to insert the following:
"For the discharge of judgments lecovercd'against the
State of Virginia for commutation of the half-pay for life
piomised to the officers commanding in the line of that
State m the war of the revolution. $6-1,452 87
Rejected.
On motion of Mr. WOODBURY, the following amend-
ment was adopted: to j^datthe end of the fifth section, after
the word changes:
•'And that no changes be made, except for non-compliance
with the instructions of the departmtnt, or the failure to
furnish sufficient security ''
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, the following amendments
were adopted: m the appropriation for lepairsofthe Cap-
itol, to add, "for repairs to windows, gla*s, and glaring,
heretofore done by John Purdy, $lo0 2Aj and for digging
out the crypt, excavating, and making sufficient drain*,
pavmgpomts.and whitewashing lower story,under the north
wing of the Capitol, cutting out additional windows for
diying and improving the Supreme Court room, and
passages, constructing a fuel valt. pursuant to the proposi-
tion of John Skirving, under date June 3d, 1S44, $1,750."
The bill, as amended, was then reported back to the Sen-
ate. and the amendments be^ng concurred m, the question
being on ordering them to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time
Mr. McDUFFIE rose and asked the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations if the Secretary of State had
not requested appropriations for outfits not provided for in
the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that the chairman of the Com-
mittee was not in his seat
Mr. EVANS answered for him, that a letter oi the kind
had been received relating to matters undei consideration
in executive session.
The letter was read.
In relation to several of these the committee had made
provisions, the rest it was not thought necessary to pro-
vide for at present.
Mr. McDUFFIE moved to amend the bill by inserting an
outfit for the new minister to Belgium
Mr. EVANS said it would be time enough next session,
if necessary at all.
Mr. McDUFFIE. It might be necessary, and therefore
provision should be made.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were then ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. WOODBURY now renewed his motion to reconsider
the vote refusing to ordei the bill for the remission of duties
on railroad iron to be engrossed.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved an adjournment.
The Senate refused to adjourn—ayes 14, noes 14.
Mr. BERRIEN stated his object to be to move an amend-
ment to the bill authorizing the remission ot duties on rail-
road iron now on hand or on board ship, in fulfilment oi con-
tracts up to loth August next.
Messrs. BUCHANAN and MILLER opposed both the
reconsideration and the proposed amendment.
Oil motion of Mr. MILLER, the Senate adjourned (ayes
16, noes 13) at 20 minutes past 11 oclock, p m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 13, 18-14.
Mr. JAMESON asked leave to offer a resolution provid-
ing for a recess for the iemaindor of the session fiom half
past two till 4 o'clock.
Mr. WINTHROP hoped the gentleman would modify big
resolution so as to provide for a recess for to-day only.
This being the only day on which bills can be sent fiom
one House to the other, a recets would be necessary, but
there would be no occasion foi it on any othei da).
Several members objecting,
Mr. JAMESON movtda suspension of the rules; which
was carried—ayes 76, noes 32.
Mr. JAMESON then moved the previous question, under
the operation of which the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. J. THOMPSON made an appeal to the Home to take
up a bill on the Speaker's table, this being the last day on
which it could be sent to the Senate.
The CHAIR said the first business before the House was
the appeal of the gentleman from Ma*«achu«ettK, from the
decision of the Chair, against the motion to reconsider the
vote on the eastern harbor bill
Mr. ADAMS claimed the floor, and refused to yield it; and
then proceeded to explain the reasons which induced him
to appeal from the decision of the chair, quoting at the
commencement of his remarks the following clause in the •
constitution ofthe United States:
"Every bill which shall have passed the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate, shall, before it become a Jaw, be
presented to the President ofthe United States; if he ap-
prove, he shall sign it, but if not, he shall return it, with
his objections, to that House in which it shall have origi-
nated, who shall enter the objections at large on their jour-
nal, aud proceed to reconsider it. If, after such reconsider-
ation, two-thirds of that House shall agree to pass the bill,
it shall be sent, together with the objections, to the other
House, by which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if
approved by two-thiids of that House, it shall become alaw.
But in all such cases the votes of botli Houses shall be de-
termined by yeas and nays, and the names of the poisons
voting for and against the bill shall he entered on the jour-
nal oi each House lespectively "
There (said Mr. A.) was a provision that when a bill is
returned by the President, with his objections, the objec-
tions, together with the bill, shall be enteied on the journal
of the House, and the House shall procred to leconsidei it.
To reconsider what* To reconsider the bill, w ith the Pi ce-
dent's objections. Now, in the present instance, he main-
tained there had been no reconsideration ol the bill and oh-
jections by the House. Reconsideration implies delibera-
tion, and the direction that the President's objections shall
be entered on the journal, implies that reconsideration shall
be had with lefeience to the objections of the President.
The members of the House could not have been prepared,
on the reading that was had of this message, a few days ago,
to vote with reference to any of the objections con-
tained in the message of the President returning this, bill to
the House. He, himself, had a very imperfect understand-
ing ofthe message, upon hearing it read from the Clerk's
table, and it was not till this morning that he had had an op-
portunity of reading it. The message w as not even ordered
to be printed. We were (said Mi. 4) forced to take the
question on the billitself under the operation oi the previous
question, without any reference to tlic Pacsident's objec-
tions, and without any consideration w hatever.
When this veto message was read, a member mov ed ot
postpone the whole subject till to-day, and then the prevj-
ous question being amoved and seconded, the gentleman
who occupied the chair decided that th« mam question
would be upon the postponement, but the Sp aker coming
in, reversed that decision, and decided that the mam ques-
tion would be upon the bill itself, cutting oil the motion for
postponement. Such being the decision of the (.hair, a
member from Maine moved to reconsider the vote by which
the main question had been ordered, foi the member who
moved the previous question did so under the mistaken idea
that the question would be on the postponement, and that,
therefore, the debate on tins subject would not be cut off
Thus there never had been anv reconsideration of the bill
in the manner required by the constitution Mr. A. dis-
claimed imputing anything wrong to the Speaker or the
gentleman who tempoianly occupied the chair, though the
consequence, he sard, of their decisions wa«. that the sub-
ject was disposed of without that deliberation and that con-
sideration which the constitution prescribed. On the next
day, according to the standing rules of the House, a member
moved a reconsideration of the vote of the House on this
bill, and the Speaker decidcd that th« motion was out oi or-
der, because all the form-' oi the constitution had been gone
through with, and the subject was finally disposed of. 1< rom
that decision he (Mr. A.) appealed, ard lie appealed on the
ground that theie had been no reconsideration oi the bill in
the manner prescribed by the constitution. Mr. A. then pio-
ceeded to examine the Piesident's objections to the bill, and
expressed his strong objections to the veto power, which he
considered anti-democratic.
The SPEAKER said that he would not be disposed to
