.April,, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
The Tariff-r-Mr. Mclhaine.
trusted never to see presented for public favor in this coun-
•. try, by any that presumed to set themselves up as the guides
and tile lights ofthis nation.
To Texas herself, meantime, sir, I give, as "I have ever
fiven, my warm sympathies in he* brave struggle for the
ighest privilege to which a people can rise—independence.
, i acknowledge the kindred blood that runs in the veins of
her people. Most gladly would I see her free; but-free by
, her own arms, the only sure, the only noble way to free-
dom, such as our common forefathers trod." I have no con-
. fidence in any liberty that is the gift o£ others, and not'
wronglit out by the good right hands of the-free themselves.
.Even then, sir, the successful battle field may have won,
but something yet nobler than valor js necessary to keep the
- bright attainment, a spirit as calm, as right, as wise, as pure,
as order-loving as it is brave, and that knows how to conquer
what is far more difficult,to subdue than any foe without—
the foe within, the wild tendency to" misrule, to faction, to
disorders, that shake or disgrace the-State, to a rage of per-
sonal selfishness or .corruption that heeds no claim of coui>
try, to a liberty that knows little of private morality, and
nothing of that true public spirit, without which freedom is
_ but a letting loose Of .every man's hand againsfrthe rest, in
the ignoble anarchy of parties intent only on pillaging the
State, and of leaders without capacity and without the
thought to govern any thing but a cause.
Most gladly, then, were there no such things as national
honor or faith—were treaties but so much waste paper-
were constitutions as idle within.as the great rules between
•people and people empty without,, would I assist Texas in
^ner struggle. She has my respects', and my good wishes, in
honor of many men really noble arid brave, whom I know
• to have engaged in it. 1 yield them my sincere sympathies
and best wishes; but I can, at present, yield them nothing
- more. I will not set my feelings-above an honest discharge
of my duties. I will not, out of kindness to Texas, tramjue
• on all the solemn obligations which we owe to faith, to
peace, to justice, to the constitution, to this Union itself, to.
.the principles that are to sustain it, and to its people. I pre-
• tend not, however, sir, to that prophetic skill of politics
which can settle questions like this for all time to come. My
humble effort at statesmanship is but to reach, and prudent-
• lv to resolve, the question now to be acted on. These
things may take another form. Annexation may, at some
day, assume a shape neither perilous nor dishonorable, nor
• coupled with any of those sectional dissensions, or designs
which would now deter me from it. It may present itself,
and probablj will, as a question of expediency alone.
Should it so come, while I have any public part to take on
it, I will, as nw, endeavor calmly to examine all the attend-
. ant circumstances, and to guide myself in action by them,
and the wishes of the people I represent. With giving my
.vote against ratifying the present treaty, my present duty
on that subject will be performed.
H.qf jReps,
SPEECH OF ME. A. R. M'lLVAINE,
of pennsylvania,
In the Home of Representatives, Jlpril 29, 1844—On the
subject of the tariff.
The bill reported by Mr. McKay, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reducing the- duties on import?, being
under consideration in Committee of the Whole-
Mr. McILVAlNE addressed the committee as follows:
-1 have no apology to make, Mr. .Chairman, for asking the
attention of the committee to the few remarks which I nave
•to make. The importance of the subject under considera-
• tion is a sufficient apology; at any rate, when I discover that
parliamentary etiquette does not require gentlemen to sit
here under the infliction of a prosy speech.
I regret, sir, the agitation of this question here. I had
hoped that this tariff, adopted for the double purpose of re.,
lieving an empty and embarrassed treasury, and restoring
to life and vigor the blasted prosperity of the people, would
at least have had the privilege of a trial; that its merits or
demerits (if it have any) might be fully developed, and that
our action upon the subject, (if it shall be found that further
action is necessary,) should be based upon experience and
not upon idle theory
The first question which presents itself to the inquiring
mind, is, whence comes this necessity for change/ Who
has asked it? Does the President, whose duty it is under
.the constitution to recommend to Congress such measures
as he shall judge necessary and expedient for the public
-welfare? "Should a revision of the tariff, with a view to
revenue," says he, "become necessary in the estimation of
Congress, I doubt not you will approach the subject with a
just and enlightened regard to tne interests of the whole
- Union." And whilst referring thus to a revision of the tariff,
only in the contingency of a deficiency of the revenue, he
follows with this strong admonitory remark: -'It can, how-
-ever, never be too often repeated, that the prominent inter-
ests of every important pursuit of life'requires for success
jjermanency and stability in legislation." What says the
Secretary of the Treasury?
"Sufficient information has not yet been obtained respect,
ing the practical operation of the act of 26th August, 1842
.establishing the existing rates of duties on foreign importa'
tions, to authorize an accurate opinion of the probable re-
sults of its different provisions." And, after referring to the
commercial statistics required by law to be made to the de-
partment, he continues: "But the undersigned feels bound
to say that, from the examination of reports he has caused
to be made from the principal ports, and from a general
view of our commerce, after the best consideration which
he could give to the subject, he has not been able to discov-
er any of the existing duties which can be increased with
any reasonable prospect of augmenting the revenue."
* * * + "On the other hand, looking at the subject
exclusively in its bearings upon the revenue, the under-
/signed is not prepared to specify any \ ery important rates
of duties that will bear reduction, unless the deficiency be
supplied by duties upon other articles."
* " - y "Assuming (what \yiH probably be found to
be the case) that no essential improvement of the revenue
is likely to be effected, at least for the present, by an in-
crease of the duties ^roady existing, or by a n^UC&on of
( 44'i
them it becomes necessary to inquire whether any articles
■ now fre.e of duty can, with propriety, be subjected to a.
moderate impost, and whether there are any other means of
providing for the anticipated deficiency."
The Secretary, then, is clearly of the opinion that no al-
teration of existing duties, at the present, will increase the
revenue; and subsequent experience has shown that- no in-
crease is necessary; as the present 'tariff is producing reve-
nue sufficient for all the necessary expenses of government
and gradually extinguishing the public debt.
, Do the people require a change?
We have been in .session now nca.ly five months; and
notwithstanding the hue-and-cry of repeal was raised be-
fore the law wa£ jperfected, and kept before the people ever
since r not a solitary petition has entered this hall. No one
has asked it. ' -
On the other hand, remonstrance Iras been piled on re-
monstrance since the question has been , agitated here.
- States have sent in their legislative resolves, and public
meetings have been held in various parts of the country in
opposition to any-alteration of the existing law. The peo-
ple are alarmed for the permanency of their prosperity;
and all the horrors of .depression, from which they are but
now recovering under the invigorating influence of-the
present, tarifl; threaten to be revisited upon them. -
Besides, do gentlemen see nothing in the recent elections
to satisfy them that the people are opposed'to change? -The
tariff question overrides everything else wherever it is pre-
sented to the people; and it has been the leading question
in all our recent cont^fcts. It is not confined to' the old man-
ufacturing States, but is spreading like the opening bud of
spring throughout,the land.
And yet the Committee of Ways and Means have report-
ed this bill.' * .
What is the data upon which it is founded? Have they
called■ upon the agriculturist, the manufacturer, the me-
chanic, (the great productive interests of the'eountry,) the
officers of the revenue? Wo They have taken counsel
from the British importing merchants of New York, and
looked into British tables made up at Manchester, for "the
rates of duty under the present American tariff," which
were intended, as they are now used here, for the destruc-
tion of our interests and the promotion of their own.
Sir, it is unjust and disreputable to American statesmen.
As it has been very properly designated, it is a British bill-
calculated, if not intended, to advance British interests at
the expense of our own^-to break up the manufactures- of
ourcouhtry and transfer them to a foreign soil—to deprive
the American citizen of the rewards of honest labor*
give them to the subjects of the British erown. .
This-is the effect. Now, what is the motive? "
Sir, it has a motive; and if I were to say tliat it is a part
of the rickety machinery intended to effect the "restora-
tion," I could produce abundant proof from the papets un-
der the control of a certain influence in this country which
it is considered necessary to propitiate, in order to produce
even a hope of that result. But I will not charge honora-
ble gentlemen on this floor with other than patriotic mo-
-tives; but unless I am much mistaken, the people will, and
hold them to an account for their stewardship. '
The committee assumes (in the face of well-known facts
directly the reverse) a deficiency in the revenue, and prop-
poses this bill as the means by which the treasury is to be
replenished. But experience has shown that the present
tariff will afford an ample,revenue; and even if it did not,
experience also teaches us that a reduction of duties would
only increase the evil. •
By a reference to the report of the Secretary of the
Tressury, it appears that the revenue from custom#, for the
four years following the adoption of the tariff' of 1828,
which was the highest we have ever had, averaged per year
$30,500,000. For the first four years of the compromise"act,
by which the duties were gradually reduced, the average
annual imposts were $25,000,000. For the four last years of
the compromise act, when duties were at still lower rates,
the annual imposts averaged but $19,300,000: and.in 1842,
the last of the preceding- four years, when duties were at
their very lowest, the imposts amounted to but $13,000,000.
In the current fiscal year ending on the 30th June, under
the existing law, they will not be less than $20,000,000; and
for the .coming > ear, from the best estimates that can be
made, they will amount to from twenty-three to twenty-five
millions. From which it appears that the revenue from
customs has fallen with the reduction of the tariff, and
risen with its increase. The one. has followed the other as
certainly as night follows day, and day the night. And with
these conclusive facts before us, which can neither be con-
troverted nor misunderstood, we are asked to repeal a law
which has increased the revenue from thiiteen to twenty mil-
lions a year, and is productive of still further increase with
the improved condition of the country; and substitute for it
this bill, which, from every principle of analogy and the
lights of experience before us, must again beggar the treas-
ury,and destroy the prospeiity of the people.
As a tariff Kir revenue, then, the present is sufficient to
provide for all of our necessary wants; and the only objec-
tion which can arise in any quarter, is its protective feature.
And, sir, it might well be supposed that the authority of
every President which we have had, from General Wash-
ington down to the present incumbent, the concurrent
opinion of almost all our leading statesmen; the practice of
fhe government from its first act under the constitution down
to the last Congress, and the uniform practice of the whole
civilized world, to say nothing of its .beneficial effects upon
our whole country, had put the question of protection at
rest.
The interests of different sections of our widely extended
country are supposed to conflict, and that if, by a general
law, you advance the one, you must necessarily depress
the other. Now, what are the facts?
We are now living under the operation of a protective
tariff, founded in a spirit of compromise, and generally sat-
isfactory to a very large majority of the people. Its ben-
eficial influence upon the leading interests of the country is
very generally admitted. Business of every kind is im-
proving, or already in a flourishing condition. Agricultu-
ral produce is advancing from its late ruinous depression,
to fair remunerating prices. Labor, which has lately beten
begging at your door, finds constant and ready employment
ftt Fair rates, ajauufactyring establishm<mfs? which j were
&
lately closed, and the workmen turned out of dooreto seek
employment in other, branches of-industrywhich were Id-
most equally depressed—to depend upon public.charity, or
suffer, for want ot bread—areagain inftill operation. Labor
is restored to its proper channels; /'the <shuttle, the/ship,
andthe plough," move-harmoniously together, and- ^he.sun
of prosperity is again'beaming upon usj spe^ie is abundant
and our curreny is in a healthy condition.- -V: "
How is. it in. the1 ISouth?—the only quarter froip whence
any .systematic opposition is heard. Is not thfe £eWit^dof
capital and labor also increased there'? . Has riof tW price «of
cotton advanced fifty per cent , since thfi adoption of the
present tariff? This is the natural and inevitable! conse-
quence of increased demand. ' V-. . ".
.By the Extension of .our manufactures under fie guaranty
of protective laws, in the northern, middle,, western, and X
may add, Southern States; by the improved condition of the
people, creating an increased demand for manufactures
from their increased ability to buy, an increased demand is
created for the raw material, and agricultural produce of
every kind, including sugar, rice, and tobacco—the -exclu-
sive produce of the South. If, then, a large majority.of the
people"are benefited by-the protective system, andthe re-
maining portion, if not benefited, (a feet which ourcommer-
cial histopy will not admit,) are not injured,-what princi-
ple of compromise or/concession can, in justice, demand
an abandonment of the system? "The cotton grower is ben-
efited by home consumption, not only in the saving of t-hc
cost and risk of exportation, but by- relieving ..the foreign
market of the glut and consequent depression of prices,
which would naturally follow the export of his entire crop.
The increased consumption of cotton manufactures among
us, occasioned by the cheapness -and durability of the do-
mestic fabric; their substantial texture requiring a greater
-weight of the raw material, and the introduction ot many
new and heavy articles of cotton manufactures among, us,
have materially increased the aggregate demand for cotton.
Our cotton manufactures have been substituted for many
articles- heretofore imported from abroad, in which the
American cotton grower had no interest.' f"or instance:
nankeens from China, of which we have imported, five, six,
and eight hundred thousand dollars' worth annually, in 1842
were reduced to the meagre amount of fifty-three dollars.
These have been entirely, supplanted by the American eot-
-tous, and a market to that extent opened- to the southern
planter. Hemp sheetings have fallen from five to six hun-
dred thousand dollars a year to one hundred and ten thou-
sand in 18*2, The same with most articles of flax and hemp
manufactures; they havd been superseded by American cot-
ton and hempen goods. ' '
These are incidental benefits. The southern planter ik
also directly "benefited. • Strike off the duty from cotton,
which is three cents per.pound, or more than fifty-five per
cent; from sugar, which ranges from sixty-five to one hun-
dred and ninety per cent; and Texas, South America, and
the West indies, with their new" and rich lands,, would di-
vide our own market with the planters of the Sojith."
The north is not directly benefited by the protection of
cotton and sugar. Texian cotton and West India sugar are
just as good in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts, as that
from South Carolina and New Orleans. And yet the North
does not complain. It is apart of our reciprocal system.
Weare parts and parcels of one great and common family,
and what directly benefits"any considerable portion,- indi-
rectly benefits the whole. And it is oiiTy by this enlarged
and national system, bending immediate individual and sec-
tional predilections and interests to the common weal, that
we can expect permanency in our laws, and prosperity from
their results.
Again, sir, fhe discriminations of the British tariff are
largely in favor of the cotton interest. The average duty
paid in Great Britain under her "liberal system," as some
gentlemen here are pleased to call it, on our principal arti-
cles of export, exclusive of cotton, is two hundred and
eighty-nine per cent.; whilst cotton, which constitutes nine-
tenths of all our imports to that country, pays but seven and
a half per cent.; having an advantage in the British market
over our other products of two hundred and eighty-two per
cent. Now, can there be any injustice in giving to other
branches of agricultural industry equal advantages at home
which British discrimination has deprived them of abroad?
If foreign legislation gives to the cotton planter advantages
overthe other ^reat interests of the country, can there be
any thing unfair in counteracting, .by legislation here, this
selfish and unequal foreign influence?; Does not strict and
impartial Justice require it"? All are equally entitled to the
protection of government, as much from foreign laws as
foreign natives and armies. This principle is adopted
throughout the civilized world. It is legitimate, reciprocal
legislation.
How is it with tobaqco? That article pays a higher duty
abroad than most other American products; and for the pro-
tection of that interest we have for years past supported an
agent in Europe, at the expense of the whole people. And
yet-the amount of our exports in tobacco does not exceed
that of our manufactures, and scarcely equals the corn crop
of my own State. Now, we raise no tobacco of any conse-
quence in the middle and northern States, and yet we are
interested in its production, because it contributes to the
distribution of capital and labor, so indispensable to our
general prosperity.
The committee, in their report which accompanies this
bill, assume that the manufacturing interest is antagonis-
tic to the agricultural and commercial interests of the
country. . - , •
Sir, we are an agricultural people. Agriculture is, and
must remain for ages to come, the great leading interest of
our country; and the first inquiry with the American states-
man will be, how can that interest be best promoted? All
experience has shown that a reliance on a foreign market is
precarious and unsafe. Agricultural produce, with the ex-
ception of cotton, is either excluded from or materially ru-
stricted in all the principal markets of the. world; and cotton
must, in the end, share the same fate. British India has al-
ready superseded in part the American supply in Great
Britain. The amount of India cotton imported into that
county in 1S39, was 133,000 bales, and in 1842, only three
years after, it "had increased-to more than 600,000 bales, or
TO<>re tha?> one-fourth of the average American crop; snd
