676
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
trouble the House on this occasion, if it had not been for
.some of the remarks of thegentleman from Massachusetts,
in reference to what he seemed to think a strange coinci-
dence— that one opinion had been expressed by the gentle-
man temporarily- occupying the chair and another opinion
hadbeen expressed by the Speaker, overruling that deci-
sion. He was happy to hear the honorable gentleman dis-
claim the intention of casting any imputation eitheroitliim*
self or on the gentleman who temporarily o'cc%pi£& the
chairt but still the subject had been referred t6 & a manner
■which he felt it to be his duty to me,st and repel. At this
period of the session, as was wslilcn&Wn to every member
of the House, the duties of tTfre Cnair were very laborious,
and were rendered so in yo^ft'equence of the large amount
of money it became his •cffcly to disburse, and the number of
accounts of memfrefe which he was obliged to settle.
Availing himself that occasion to leave the chair, and
calling a friead to fill it m his absence, he went to his room;
-and was th«?e diligently engaged in business, when he was
informed that a question was before the House in which the
gentleman occupying the chair (who was not very familiar
witii parliamentary law) was much embarrassed. He would
take the occasion to say that, at the time he left the chair,
tie did hot know that a message was in the House from the
President on that subject, and he did not know that it was
under consideration till informed of the fact by a member "of
the House. The Chair returned for the purpose of relieving
the gentleman who was occupying his seat, lihd was in-
formed by him what the question was. Tue Chair did not
know of the decision upon which, t&it question was predi-
cated, until his attention was called to it by his colleague
from Virginia. The House Vfrould doubtless recollect that
he, on taking the chair, put the question on postponement,
when his colleague tfOse and asked whether he entertained
the opinion thai the effect of the previous question was to
tmng the House to a vote on the question of postponement,
es had beeft decided by the gentleman temporarily in the
•chair. Bfeing called upon to express his opinion, he did not
hesitate to dissent from that given by the gentleman in the
•chair; and he decided that the effect of the previous ques-
tion was to bring the House to a direct vote on the bill. It
^vas said by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
that there was a decision pronounced at the last session of
Congress which was in conflict with the opinion he had
"given on this occasion. In makmg"up his opinions, he was
always governed by the rules of the House, by parlia-
mentary law, and by the precedents established by the
decisions of his predecessors. The main question On amo-
tion like this, (for there could be but one main question,)
was, invariably, on the subject before the House; and, ac-
cording to parliamentary law, cut off all amendments, and
^11 collateral questions. He laid it down thai, according to
the principles of parliamentary Jaw, there could be
but one mam question. If & Dill had been pending,
cither on its engrossment, or passage, and the pre-
%uous question had been called for and sustained by
the House,, all the amendments or collateral ques-
tions would be cut off, and there was but one excep-
tion, and that was, the rule of this House, which, in viola-
tion of parliamentary law, provided that the effect of the
previous question was to bring the House to a direct vote
on the pending amendments. But until the gentleman
could show that a postponement was a pending amendment,
the riue Would not apply to nor support the case he was
exiueavoring to make out. But it had been argued that this
^notion for reconsideration ought to be entertained. The
Chair had held otherwise. How was it that a motion to ic-
consider was ever entertained? It was only in virtue of
the rules ol the House. Whenever a bill was passed or re-
jected, the lule provided that it was competent for any
member of the majority to move a reconsideration. He
asked if this had not been already done 111 the case before
them. The bill was passed some days ago, and it was 110
sooner passed, but a motion was made to reconsider it.
That motion was rejected; all i^ower under the rule was
exhausted; the bill was passed, and a motion to reconsider
was rejected. And had it ever been heard of, when a
motion fo reconsider had once been made and rejected, that
n could be renewed and again rejected. If that were so,
where was the limit at which it was to stop'* But the Chair
held that there was a power higher than the lules of this
House; that power was that constitution which he and each
of them had sworn to maintain and defend.
That constitution provided that, whenever a bill was re-
turned by tlio President of the United States to the House
m which it originated, it should be the duty of the House to
proceed to reconsider it; and, without that provision the
House nevei could have touched the subject je&terdavat
all. Thaf constitution, then, stood m the place of their
xules, and was paramount to all rule. It laid down the rule
of their proceedings; that rule had been complied with; and
there was no^ower ni the House to touch the subject ogam.
On the best reflection, the chair saw no cause to change the
conclusion to which he had come.
Mr. HOLMES inquired li the veto message was entered at
length on the journal, as the constitution prescribed, befoie
the House proceeded to the reconsideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that that was not
done at the moment, but that it was done subsequently, and
it appeared on the journal whei. it was read the next morn-
ing.
Mr. WHITE proposed to subm.'t a few remarks on the
question before the House, which h*. held to be one of very
great importance. He was compelle d, by his convictions
of what a proper decision should be, to differ from the
C'hdir on this point, and to take an appeal from that deci-
sion. The question was a very narrow one, and the Chair
had fallen into an error in relation to it. The question w as
not on the reconsideration of the vote by which the bill
was passed, but a reconsideration of the vote taken m the
attempt to pass it by the constitutional majority, after it had
been returned with the President's objections. That was
the question, narrow and isolated, and the House, he con-
tended, could entertain that motion to ieconsider that vote,
lie argued that the rules of the House made provision for
the reconsideration of any vote, on the day on which it was
given, or the day succeeding, and that there was no limit
placed on the number of times which such motions should
be made and entertained. He read some precedents, which,
be said, boxe him out in the position he had assumed, and
proved that the decision of the Chair, ought not to be sus-
tained. There was 'no difficulty (n fhe ~'vay of entertaining
the motion" which had be§n made, nor could any evil arise
out'of it. "Jliere was, ^Dwever, evil in maintaining the de-
Cisiono/ the £5^3&icer, as it served to sustain and entarge
the "Vste-man power," which had been exercised in this
case. He then reviewed the proceedings of the House yes-
terday, and contended that the House had been guided by
the rules of the House, as well as the provision m the con-
stitution which was applicable to such cases; for the vote
was taken under the operation of the previous question,
which had no sanction in the constitution; they fell back on
a rule of this House which was made by the same authority
as the rule which gave the power to reconsider votes taken
in this House; and by those rules, Without conflicting with
the constitution, he ihsisted this motion was on'e which
. ought to be ehtCriained. ,
Mr. BAYLEY, after stating the facts 'of the case as they
existed, and reading the clause of the constitution applica-
ble thereto, said the si'mpft* question nftw was, Shall the de-
cision of the Chair, which has been appealed from, stand as
the decision of the House I The gentleman from Massachu-
setts fMr. Adams J had contended that the House had not
"reconsidered," as prescribed by the constitution, inasmuch
as reconsideration implied deliberation; and he agreed with
the gentleman from Massachusetts that, if this bill had not
been reconsidered in fact, it would be their solemn duty,
under that instrument which they had sworn to maintain
and defend, to proceed to reconsider it. But had it been re-
considered? That was a matter to be detei mined by evi-
dence; and the highest evidence, where a record was kept,
was the record itself. Now, when the journal of their pro-
ceedings of yesterday was read, it was found there record-
ed that the bill had been reconsidered, and that it had failed
to pass by the constitutional majority; and, if the record
was incorrect, the remedy which presented itself to the
gentleman from Massachusetts was a motion to correct the
journal. But no such motion was made; and consequently
the question was settled, and settled by the hgihest testi-
mony to which they could resort. The gentleman from
Massachusetts complained that the constitution had not
been complied with; but he had here shown that it had. If,
. however, there was too much precipitancy, that was, per-
haps, a reason why the previous question ought not to have
been sustained, and the proper course for the gentleman
from Massachusetts would have been to move a reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the previous question was sus-
tained. But that was not done; and it was not his vocation
to defend this House for any of its action; nor did he deem
that defence was necessary. He might, however, ob-
serve, that the very act of voting implied consideration
and deliberation, for no one, he presumed, would vote with-
out deliberation and consideration: but if there was but lit-
tle deliberation, it was, perhaps, because the question in-
volved had been so long before the people, and so much
discussed, that they wexe well understood.
He went on to explain the constitutional powers of the
House in such cases, and contended that the House had
done all that it had authority to do. He next noticed the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts on the veto
power, which he had characterized as anti-democratic.
On that point he (Mr £.) differed from that gentleman, toto
c&lo. The veto pow er, far from being anti-democratic, was
one of the most democratic of its features It enacted
nothing; it inflicted no measure on the country; it did
nothing more than to enable the President, when he be-
lieved the repiesentatives of the people were running in a
wrong direction, (to speak in a military phraseology,) to
command a "halt''until the people could be heard. When
the President believed the representatives of the people put
the public will at defiance, tins power enabled him to grant
an appeal from the decision of the representatives of the
people to the people themselves. That wa>- all this veto
power did ^ that was all that could be made of it, and he put
it to thi« House and to the country, if it was such a danger-
ous feature as demagogues represented it to be, it should be
stricken from the constitution.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF rose to a question of order. He
said there was but a very short portion of the session re-
maining; and he appealed to the House if it was now in or-
der to discuss the wisdom and propriety of the veto
power?
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. BAYLY resumed, observing that he had no inten-
tion to be irrelevant, or to consum^unnecessarily the time
of the House; but the gentleman from Massachusetts had
been permitted to go out of his way to discuss the veto
power; <ind some reply had become nccessary. He then
proceeded with some remarks on the exercise of that power
by Mr.-President Tyler, with which he concluded.
Mr DROMGOOLE said he should endeavor, in the few
remarks which he proposed to offer, to confine himself to
the question involved in the appeal, without reference to
his feelmgs with regard to the veto, without reference to
the fact whether he approved or disapproved of it, and
without reference to any desire that he might entertain that
the bill should pass or not. He intended to treat it as an ab-
stract question of order arising under the constitution. The
statement of the case by the Chair, and its restatement by
his honorable colleague, would relieve him fiom the task of
going through a recital of the proceeding, so far as such re-
cital was necessary to present the case properly and fairly
before the House. That statement had totally refuted the
ingenious arguments of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who had endeavored to induce the House to confound dis-
cussion with consideration, asserting that it was but a sol-
emn mockery for the House to record their votes without
opening the door for a protracted debate. Judging from
what had heretofore been the practice in this House, debate
implied the very reverse of consideration—preventing, by
its latitudmous chaiacter, a consideration of the question
before the House
As to the charge that the House had acted without consid-
eration, whether it were true or talse, it did not affect the
principle involved in this question; and as to the charge
that the House had sustained the previous question
under a false impression, believing that the main ques-
tion would be upen the motion for postponement, if
there was such false impression, the House had an op-
portunity to correct it at the time, for, upon its being jnti*
mated by the then occupant of the chair that the question
would be upon postponement, notice was given by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. White,] as well as himself,
that that decision would be resisted. The House, therefore,
had a Ml knowledge that the question would be made. But
when the decision was made, and very properly made, by
the Speaker, that the question would be PJ'W'°'
the bill, notwithstanding the objections of the President—
when it was ascertained that that wo uld be the main l"e!>-
tion,—a motiorfwas made to reconsider the vote by *
the main question <was ordered, and the Hou=e refused to*-
consider it. The House felt themselves enabled, w''hout
further discussion,to record their votes upon the bill. No one,
heibelieved, denied that the proceedings which occurred on
the return of the bill were in pursuance of, and in conlorml-
ty with, the constitution; and the simple question now was,
were those proceedings, being thus in pursuance of the con-
stitution, to be revived by indefinite reconsiderations ol eve-
rv vote?
He would not go into a discussion of the'veto power, ex-
cept simply to make a reference in connection with the
question. They knew that, underthe English government,
the veto power was an absolute power. _ It was there a veto
in fact. Our executive was invested with a modification ol
that power, and that modification was to make it conionn
to our republican institutions. It was not, therefore, anti-
democratic. Under the English form of government, the mon-
arch was hereditary; in ours,the President, being elective,
was himself the embodiment of the popular voice. Instead,
then, of giving him an absolute veto, as under the English
government, he was authorized only to interpose his objec-
tions. These objections were sent back to the legislative
body in order that they might review their act and ascer-
tain whether, in those objections, the President had given
expression to the popular voiee. In this view of it, the exer-
cise of the veto power was but the exercise of the right of
the people to interpose. If the veto power was absolute, the
House could take no further proceedings; but because it
was modified into executive objections, the constitution it-
self had provided a proceeding founded upon those objec-
tions. And they were bound to look to the constitution
alone for a guide for those proceedings; for, while the con-
stitution authorized the House to determine rules for the
government of its proceedings, those rules must be in cou-
fortuity with, and in subordination to, the law ofthe land as
prescribed by the constitution. In addition to the passage
in the constitution which permitted the House to frame its
own rules, there was another provision to this effect:
Every order or resolution shall be presented to the Presi-
dent ofthe United States; and, before the same shall take ef-
fect, shall be approved by him, or, being disapproved by
him, shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate and House
of "Representatives, according to the rules and limitations
prescribed in the case of a bill. When, therefore, the ques-
tion arose under the constitution, "Shall the bill pass, not-
withstanding the objections ofthe President'" that question
was subject to all the rules and limitations prescribed in the
case of a bill. What were those rules and limitations'* Whv,
if the majority were not prepared at once to act, it would
be competent to postpone the consideration to another day.
So the majority, if they had not been prepared to act in the
case of the bill which gave rise to this question, might
have refused to entertain the previous question. They had
all the protection afforded them by the rules and limitations
prescnbed in case of a bill. The House sustained the previ-
ous question, thereby declaring that they were ready to
act, and that no debate was necessary. It was in vain to
say that the requirements of the constitution had not been
complied with. They had been complied with to the very
letter.
What would be the effect if the opinion of the Chair
should be overruled? If a reconsideiation could be had m
such a case, where would be the limitation? The House
would be involved in endless reconsiderations, which
would be absurd.
Mr. Dromgoole having concluded his remarks—
The SPEAKER explained, in leference to the decision
made by the Chair, that he was undei a misapprehension at
the time as to the decision pronounced by his predeces-
sor, [Mr. Boyd.] The motion upon which that decision was
made being a motion to refer the message of the President
without the bill, the decision was perfectly correct.
JMr HOLMES rose and addressed the committee. He
commenced by saying, that he approved of the veto, but
there was a higher question before the House, viz: whether
they should pursue the course prescnbed by the constitu-
tion itself on reconsidering the bill. The constitution di-
rected that when a bill was returned with the objections of
the President, the objections should be spread at length up-
on the journal, and that the House should then proceed to
reconsider the bill. The question was, had they entered
the objections at length upon the journal? The answer
was a plain one; they had not: because they could
not. But the Chair had "declared that the j equisitions of the
constitution were complied with, and the bill had been re-
considered. With all deference to the Chair, he thought
otherwise. The rule of the House prescribed that they
should reconsider any vote upon motion for that purpose,
provided twenty-four hours* notice were given of such mo-
tion,
Mr. COBB moved the previous question.
Mr. JAMESON moved thatkthe whole subject be laid up-
on the table.
A call ofthe House was demanded, but not ordered—ayes
67. noes 71, by tellers.
Mr. JAMESON, at the request of several members, with-
drew his motion; and the question recurred on seconding
the demand for the previous question, it was seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put—vi?* "Shall the.
opinion of the ( 'hair stand as the judgment of the House
Mr. WHITE demanded the yeas ana nays
And they were ordered; and being taken, were—yeas 97,
,nays 85, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson, Bayly,
Benton, F.dward J. Black, James Black. James A. Black,
Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brmkcrhoft, Brodheod,
Aaron V. Brown, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell. Shepherd Cary,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Coles-
Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, DilL'ng,
ham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Elmer, Farb'c, Ficklm. French,
