CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hale, Hammett, Haralson, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hubbell, Hughes, James B. Hunt, C. J. Ingersojl, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Pres-
ton King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Mc-
Causlen, Maclay, McClernard, McConnell, McDowell, Mc-
Kay, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norris, Owen
Payne, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts,
Robinson, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Thomas H. Sey-
mour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T, Smith, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart
Stone, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tuckfer, Wentworth
Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barrin-
ger, Barnard, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Jeremiah E.*
Carv, Carroll, Catlin, Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman,
Coliamer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh, Dean, Deberry, Dellet,
Dickey, Dunlap, Ellis, Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddings,
Willis Green, Byram Green, Grider, Hamlin, Hardin,
Harper. Hays, Herrick, Holmes, Hudson, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B Johnson, John P. Ken-
nedy, Daniel P. King, Leonard, Lyon, McClelland, Mcll-
vaine, <Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Newton, Patterson, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha R. Totter,
Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample,
Schenck, Senter, Severance, David L. Seymour, Albert
Smith, Spence, Strong, Tyler, Vance, Vctnmeter, Vinton,
Wethered, White, Winthrop, and William Wright—85.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and the
committee resumed the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the pay of the navy.
Mr. BARNARD offered an amendment declaring that the
Navy Department commenced, without due authority of
law, the eoustiuction of the iron steamers.
Mr. B. addressed the committee in support of his amend-
ment.
Mr. DEAN expressed his surprise that such a bill should
have been presented to the consideration of that House.
We have (said he) already had a bill before us making ap-
propriations for the navy to a very large amount; and
though he had been endeavoring to arrest the course of ex-
travagance in that branch of the service, and bring its ex-
penditures within just and reasonable bounds, he had the
mortification to see a new bill introduced, providing for
greater abuses and extravagances than lie was aware ex-
isted. Mr D added that, however great were the abuses
and extravagances in that department of which the country
had complained so loudly, they all sank into utter insignifi-
cance compared with the enormous abuses about to be
covered by the bill before the House. It was nothing less
than a bill making appropriations to the amount of
$750,000 which had been expended by the department in
virtue of its own will and pleasure, and without the sanc-
tion of anv law whatever; and the House was called on to
approve this proceeding.
He had supposed that any department which took upon
itself the power of expending the public money, without
authority of law, would have been subjected to the severest
rebuke of Congress. He had supposed that this would
have been a reform Congress, and that all the abuses of
this administration would be ferreted out and corrected,
but in this he had been grievously disappointed. He had
endeavored to get the consent of the House to take up the
navy retrenchment bill, which would correct all these
abuses, but he had been mistaken; and so far from being able
to get the bill before the House, he had been unable even to
get the yeas and nays on the question of taking; it up. There
was great reason for this. This Navy Department had been
for the last two years the great vortex which had swal-
lowed up two-thirds of the revenues of the government.
In 1840, a law was passed that no money should be ex-
pended for the building of ships without the express sanc-
tion of Congress; and yet, in defiance oi this law, the Navy
Department had gone on to build an iron steamship at Pitts-
burg, and six sloops-of-war; and he was told that part of the
appropriations in this bill were to complete these vessels.
Mr. I), then spoke of the utter uselessness of these steam-
ships on the western waters, and referred to the number of
ships that were now rotting for want of use, both on the
stocks and laid up in ordinary, and particularly referred to
the magnificent ship Delaware, which had just returned
from a cruise, and was dismantled, and laid up to rot at Nor-
folk, while the department was clamorous for building
more ships. There were not only more ships now built
and building than could be used, but there were three tim^s
as many officers as could be emplojed. There "were 96
commanders, with salaries of $3,500 a year, while there
was only employment for 38 of them; and there were 68
captains, while there was only employment for but 18.
He then referred to the number of officers waiting orders,
and on leave of absence, and said that the country would be
astonished to leum that for such officers, the country was
now paying $233,700 a year; and that, by referring to the
rccords of the Navy Department, it would be found that for
the la®t twenty years, more than half of the officers of the
navy were drawing their pay and emoluments while at
home, on leave of absence or waiting orders.
Mr. D spoke of many other abuses in the navy, which he
said required correction, and expressed his great regret that
he had not been able to get the House to act on his navy
retrenchment bill
He alluded to the expenses of this government in the
years 1840-11. to show the vast increase— amounting to
several millions of dollars—in the latter of those years,
under whig rule, are those of 1840, under Mr VanBuren's
administration; and m commenting on that fact, he con-
demned the whig statement? of the extravagance of demo-
cratic rule. He spoke of w hig professions of retrenchment
and reform, which (he said) he should henceforth treat as a
humbug; and to iltustiate whig practice he reminded the
House of what a whig House of Representatives did during
the last Congress in relation to the public printing. To ob-
tain credit for an adherence to profession, the} stipulated
with their printers to perform their duties at a reduction of
20 per cent, below the rates of printing fixed by the resolu-
tion of 1819 j but on the last night of the session, by a simple
and obscure clause in an appropriation bill, that same House
voted a bonus of near $50,000 to their printers, being in fact
25 per cent, more for their printing than in justice they were
entitled to. He also reminded the House that a whig Con-
gress had made a donation of $25,000 to the widow of Gen.
Harrison; and for these and various other like acts of ex 
travagant injustice they had been signally rebuked by the
people, as was evidenced by the changed political complex-
ion of this House.
He then returned to this bill, and after denouncing ex-
travagance in its incipient state, inasmuch as it soon stalked
forth with a bold front if not checked in its inception, asked
what use there was for an iron steamer on Lake Erie. The
expenditure of money for such purposes, he said, was
worse than useless. In his remarks on this subject, he was
interrupted by the expiration of his hour.
Mr. McKAY said he would not follow the xeample of the
gentleman from Ohio, whose remarks had no reference to
the bill under consideration, but direct his attention to the
pending question He then directed the attention of the
House to an executive communication, which showed the
necessity of the appropriations which were now asked for.
He then contended that these appropriations were essential-
ly necessary, and must be made, though he would not hesi-
tate to join in a vote of censure on those who had under-
taken many works without authority of law, and thereby-
incurred liabilities which the country must liquidate Those
liabilities had been undertaken by one of their own high
executive officers; and what would they do ? Would they
repudiate'' No, no one would assent to that. In his re-
marks on this subject, he was arrested by the arrival of the
hour fixed for the recess.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
At four o'clock, the chairman of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union called the committee to
order.
Mr. McKAY continued his remarks from where he left
off when the recess took piace, and explained the various
items of appropriation which were provided for in the bill.
After a brief explanation from Mr. BARNARD,
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee rise; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. JAMESON then offered a resolution to terminate de-
bate on the bill within ten minutes after the House should
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole, and that the
committee should then procced to vote on the amendments;
after which, it should report the bill to the House.
This resolution being adopted,
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House again resolved it-
selfinto a Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
(Mr. Dromgoole in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for certain [naval]
objects therein named.
Mr. DARRAGH addressed the committee in a brief ex-
planation of the appropriation for the iron steamship build-
ing at Pittsburg, and defended the conduct of the Secretary
ofthe Navy (Mr, Upshur) in commencing that work.
The question was then put on Mr. Barnard's amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY offered an amendment to increase the appro-
pnation m the item for incre? <■ , repairs, and armament of
the navy (including steamers on the lakes, and wear and
tear of vessels) from $1*20,000 to $138,500; which was agreed
to.
The committee then rose, and reported the" bill to the
House; when, under the operation of the previous question,
the amendments made in Committee of the Whole v\ ere con-
curred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. HALE called for the previous question on the passage
of the bill; which being seconded by the House, and the
main question ordered,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for theyeasandnays, which
were ordered; and, the question being taken, the bill was
passed—yeas 102, nays 56.
PRIVATE LETTER EXPRESSES.
Mr. COBB introduced a resolution to terminate debate on
the bill to amend the laws in relation to the Post Office De-
partment in five minutes after the Hoiue shall hove resumed,
the consideration of that bill in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
After several ineffectual attempt1; to di«?ehnrg<\ by resolu-
tion, the Committee of the Whole from lulls before it. the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hamlin in the choir,) and resinned
the consideration of the bill to amend the laws m relation
to the Po^t Office Department.
Mr. CLINGMAN was entitled to the floor, and lie spoke
through three of the five minutes allotted to thp debate on
this hill
Mr DBOMGOOLE spoke through the residue of the time
—two minutes.
Mr. DANA then moved to strike out the lirst section, and
insert a substitute—which appeared to be the first section of
the bill reported by that gentleman fiorn the minoiity of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Boad^, to reduce the
rates of postage, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOPKINS raided the point of order whether that
amendment was m order, as it related to rn entirely differ
ent subject The bill before the committee proposed to pro-
tect the post ofhcc revenue, by the punishment of evpress
letter carriers; but this amendment proposed a reduction of
the rates of postage.
The chairman decided that it was in order The title of
the bill w as, "A bill to amend the laws relating to the Post
Office Department;'' and he was of opinion that the amend-
ment wa« relevant.
Mr. HOPKINS appealed from the 'lecision of the Chair;
and on the appeal tellers were coiled for, and Messrs. IRr-
al«on dud Ja;.u son were appointed, and they reported 63
in the affirmative and 66 in tlie negative. So the decision of
the Chair was reversed.
The other sections of the bill were read through, and
amended on the motion of Mr HOPKINS, m some cases
verbally, and in others for the purpose of making the bill
more stringent.
Mr, DANA moved to strike out section six when it was
under consideration, and to ^substitute all the sections of
his bill except the first, which the House had refused to re-
ceive as a substitute for an early section in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to be out of
order, pursuant to the decision of the committee on the re-
cent appeal.
Mr. DANA appealed; hut th.e committee sustained the de-
cision of the Chair, the vote being 84 in the affirmative, and
33 in the negative.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved to add an additional section
to abolish the franking privilege.
The CHAIRMAN decided that amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. COLLAMER offered an amendment by way of pro-
viso, to provide fiat nothing in this act should be construed
as prohibiting the publishers of newspapers from distribu-
ting their newspapers by post-riders or carriers who are not
carriers of the mail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DANA offered sundry amendments, which were ruled
out of order.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the committee rose and re-
ported the bill, with the amendments.
Mr. THOMPSON moved the previous question.
Mr. JAMESON inquired whether this bill would take
precedence over those heretofore reported from the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER said it would take its place in the order in
which it was reported.
Mr. BARNARD moved a suspension of the rules, in or-
der to enable him to offer certain resolutions, declaring that
Congress alone possesses the power of declaring war.
Mr HOLMES offered an amendment to the resolutions,
and desired that it might be read.
The reading was objected to; and
The SPEAKER observed that the original resolutions not
having been yet received, the amendment, of course, was
not in order.
Mr. BARNARD demanded the yeas and nays on his mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being taken, were—
yeas 56, nays 123.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. STETSON moved a suspension of the rules, that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state ofthe Union, with the view of taking up the bill reg-
ulating the rates of postage, and demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL raised the point of order whether
a member was at liberty to stand in the area in front of the
Speaker's chair, instead of rising from his seat when about
to make a motion.
The SPEAKER ruled that the motion made by the gentle-
man from New York was properly made, as the gentleman
was standing in the range of the front seats.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being taken, were —
yeas 97, nays 78.
So the rules were suspended, and the House resolved it-
self into committee accordingly, [Mr. Winthrop in the
chair.
Mr. STETSON moved that the committee take up the bill
regulating the rates of postage.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved to take up Senate bill No-
90.
Mr. HOLMES moved to take up the light-house bill.
Mr. McKAY moved to take up the Indian appropriation,
bill
Appropriation bills having preference over all others, the
question was first put on Mr. McKa^ "s motion—and by ) eas
58, nays 68. taken by tellers, it was negatived.
The question then recurred on Mr. Stetson's motion, to
take up Senate bill 51, for a induction of the rates of post-
age, &c., and by yeas 64, nays 80, taken by tellers—it was
negatived.
The question was then put on the motion of Mr. R. Smith,
to take up Senate bill 90, being an act to grant to the State
of Illinois a right of way through the public lands, See ;
and by yeas 55, nays 58, the motion was negatived.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee take up the bill
making appropriations for certain light-hou«e«; which mo~
tion was agreed to, yeas 66, nays 58.
The bill was then read.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out Use two fir-sfr
appropriations m the bill, with a view to test the sense of
the House as to the extraordinary increase of the light-
house system; and
After some remarks from Messrs. HOLMES and HAMLIN,
in favor ofthe bill,
On motion by Mr. HOPKINS, the committee rose and re-
ported progress.
Mr. WINTIIROP then offered a resolution, that till debate
shall cease on the bill within ten minutes after the House
should go into Committee of the Whole, and that the amend-
ments should then be acted on, and the bill reported to the
House, which resolution was adopted, yeas 85, na} s 65.
On motion by Mr WINTHROP, the House again re^olvtd
itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Wimhrop in tl.o
choir,) and resumed the consideration of the light-houses
bill
After some lew remarks from Messrs. PARMENTER and
MOItSE, the question was taken on Mr. C. Johnson'* mo-
tion, and it was rejected
Mr. BAI1NARD offered an amendment appropriating"
$la0.000 for the improvement of the navigation ofthe Hud-
son river
The Cil-UR decided that the amendment was not in ordei,
on the ground that it intioduccd undercolor of an amend-
ment, Ja proposition inconsistent w ith the native of the bill
before the Hou^e.
Mr. of Illinois offered an amendment to appr
priate 410,000 for a light-house at Astoria, on the Columbia
rive!'.
The vote, (taken by Messrs. Cobb and J. A Wrioht asr
tellers,) was JJ m the affirmative. No further count took
place.
Some like appropriation for Galveston, in Texas, was of-
fered, and rejected.
Some ineffectual attempts were made to get appropriations?
for various points by the member*? representing those sea
tions of the country.
