Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL C*LOti&.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. DicMnson.
Wi
H. of
Now,sir, destroy this market created by the manufactur-
ers of the country, and you bring the vast amount of agri-
cultural produce which they no^fconsume into direct com-
petition with your own. All this capital and labor must
seek other channels of investment and employment; as
agriculture would be the last plank, of the wrecks it would
have to sustain it all. The inevitable consequence would
bo a largely increased production, and a corresponding de-
creased demand. The home market being destroyed, our
surplus produce must necessarily be sent abroad. Demand
or no demand, there it must go, until the prices of property
and labor here should become reduce'd to a level with those
with which they would have to contend; and even below
their present Jevel, for the greatly increased supply which
we should furnish, if admitted at all into foreign ports with-
out any corresponding or increased demand, must reduce
prices there. Then, then, if the American people, with a
government of their own creation, and administered by their
will, can be reduced to such a depth of degradation and de-
pendence, may we realize the "benefits and blessings" '
which have been promised to follow the reduction of the
value of property and labor here, to the hard money and
pauper-labor .standard of the old world. Then, if the Ameri-
can character be nut entirely destroyed—if the energies of
the people be not, from long suffering, dead—may our man-
ufactures creep into a miserable and sickly existence, with
no other protection than that which misery and"degradation
affords. ®
We have for years past exported but little agricultural
produce, for the reason that the home market has been bet-
ter than the foreign. It is only in times of scarcity abroad
that we can export any considerable amount to European
ports. But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Steenroi>]
treats this question as if our manufactures cantrolled the
markets of the world. He has told us that the manufacturer,
after charging the consumer extravagant prices for his pro-
ducts, "gives to the farmer arbitrary prices which he fixes
himself." What gives to the manufacturer this control over
the farmer with this boasted "foreign market" before him'/
Why don't he send his produce abroad, if the foreign be so
much better than the home market^ If our imports are re-
stricted our exports are not. If there have been any altera-
tions in the tariffs of other countries since the adoption of
ours, they have been in our favor rather than to our disad-
vantage; but still the home market is best; and it is only when
the supply so far exeeeds the demand as to reduce prices to
the exporting point, than any of our produce is sent abroad.
And, on the other hand, when the demand exceeds the pro-
duction, we become importers, instead of exporters of agri-
cultural produce. Hence we have seen that in seasons of
scarcity we have imported large amounts of grain from
Europe, and potatoes from Nova Scotia, Commerce like
water, will find its level; and though that level may be
varied by natural advantages and legislative enactments, it
cannot be destroyed.
Every State in the Union is benefited, directly or indirect-
ly, by the market which our manufacturers afford. If the
agricultural productions of the western States did not enter
directly into the consumption of the manufacturing States
still they are benefited by that consumption. In addition
to their own, throw n into the southern and foreign markets,
they would meet the produce of the consuming States
which now does not enter into competition with them. In-
stead of Massachusetts consuming $40,000 of the produce
of other States, she would have a surplus to send abroad;
and so with all the manufacturing States. The produce of
the South—cotton, rice, sugar, and tobacco—as I have al-
ready said, meets with an extensive and profitable market
in the North; and the North, in turn, supply their sister
States with such articles qf their produce as their tastes or
necessities require. Thus the/vhole people are profitably
employed, each ministering Jo the w^s of his neighbor,
and receiving, in turn, reciprocal advantages. The great
machine of society moves steadily and harmoniously on-
every part necessary to a perfect whole, and the whole'
giving value to the parts.
It is only by a proper distribution of capital and labor,
creating a demand commensurate with supply, as far as
practicable, and producing within ourselves the elements of
profitable exchange, that we can be prosperous or inde-
pendent. So long as we depend upon foreign markets, reg-
ulated by foreign legislation, for the sale of our immense
and rapidly increasing pioduce, so long will we be slaves
to foreign power.
Sir, 1 rejoice that the vacillating policy of our govern-
ment, which has too long crippled and restrained the en-
ergies of the people, h>s had its day. The great mass of the
people are rallying to the support of the protective system;
and we may expect to see the tide of prosperity, which is
invigorating every depaitment ofiadustry. and bringing joy
and gladness home to every fireside, rpll on until it sweeps
from our land every dollar of debt, either State or national;
when "protection and national independence, identical
.and synonymous," shall head the page of our country's
glory.
SPEECH OF MR. DICKINSON,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives, Februm-y 12, 1844—Oil the
report and resolutions of the Committee of Elections,
relative to the elections by general ticket in the States of
New Hampshire, Georgia, .Mississippi, and Missouri.
Mr. DICKINSON addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The subject under consideration is as grave
and important, when considered m all its bearings, as any
ever presented for the consideration of the national legisla-
ture. We are called upon to determine whether an act
which has had the sanction of this House, of the Senate,
and of the executive, shpll be set aside by this branch alone
of the law-making power—whether a law passed m con-
formity with the constitution, which originated in this
House, and is now unrepealed, shall be disregarded and
nullified, because it has come in conflict with the interests
of a party who are in a majority here. Under this view of
the question, its importance is momentous; it resolves itself
into the proposition of whether we have any organic law
worthv of being dignified with the name of ct>J*«titnUQ ,
when an act passed in pursuance thereof can be set aside at
the pleasure and will ofone ormore States, or by a dominant
party m this House?.
I call upon this House, in the decision of this question, to
discard their passions and party ties. and resolutely to obey
the dictates of their judgment and the commands of patri-
otism. - .
Before entering on the merits of this question, I desire
briefly to reply to some remarks of my colleague, [Mr. A.
y. Bbows.j He stated that this mandamus act, as he char-
acterized it, originated with that party which' gained their
ascendency in 1340 by accident or fraud. Sir, we represent
the same proud Commonwealth. We are supposed to know
mor,e of our own State than We do of other portions of the
republic. Now, if my colleague charges that the whie
party m Tennessee obtained their victory in 1840 by either
chance or fraud, I join issue with him. I deny the fact.
The gentleman's party had not only the aid of General
Jackson's name, but of his direct 'and personal interference
in that election. -His party had the aid, also, of another
popular commander (General Carroll) who had distinguish-
ed himself eminently in the late war, and the aid of a dis-
tinguished senator, fMr. Grundy,} now no more, who, as a
popular orator, has had few superiors in our republic. Yet,
with this assistance, and-after a gtruggle, in which ever}'
inch of ground was contested, from the North Carolina line
to the Mississippi river, the democratic party was defeated
by a majority of 12,000 votes. This has to me very little the
appearance of chance.
But as to the graver charge made by the .gentleman, that
this election was carried by fraud, if it was intended to
embraceTennessee, my colleague, upon his "sober second
thought," will withdraw it. He would not, he could not,
he dare not, make any such charge upon this floor, for there
is no foundation for it.
My colleague has stated that the districting section of the
apportionment law owes its origin to the Whig party. I join
issue with him upon this point, also. It originated with the
gentleman's own party. I refer him to the Journal of the
House, page 523, 27th Congie&s, 2d session, 14th March, 1842.
He will find:
"On motion of Mr. Campbkll, of South Carolina,
"Resolved, That the,Committee of Elections be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for uni-
formity in elections for representatives to Congress, by the
establishment of the district "system throughout the United
States/'
Mr. Halsted, chairman of the Committee of Elections, in
debate, 2d May, 1842, is reported in the National Intelligen-
cer of the next day to have remarked, in his speech, that
"the amendment had originated from a resolution intro-
duced by Mr. Campbell, of South Carolina, on the 14th
March.'5
After testimony so conclusive, who can doubt as to the
origin of this measure, which my colleague charges origi-
nated with the whigs to perpetuate a triumph obtained by
chance or fraud? No one. It is plain he is in error upon
the subject; and this charge, also unsupported by proof,
falls with the other to the ground.
My colleague charged the gentleman from South Carolina
with having deserted his friends on this question; and, in
the most graphic manner, described him marching at the
head of the triumphant whig cohort against his own friends.
Well, sir, who that listened to my colleague would have
doubted that he himself felt the shock of that charge made
upoii the democratic ranks? Not one. But the gentleman
from South Carolina, when he was marching so triumphant-
ly, did not march against my colleague when the decisive
contest—the Waterloo battle—was fought uponthis ques-
tion. No, sir; my colleague and all his democratic friends
from Tennessee, with one exception, were in the same co-
hort with the gentleman from South Carolina. Yes, after
all the amendments were made to this bill, and it had as-
sumed the shape of the present law, upon the last test vote,
that was taken in this House by yeas and nays, my cob
league, with his political friends fro-n Tennessee, with the
single exception of Colonel McCleUan, voted against the
motion of William Cost Johnson to lay the bill upon the
table, which was in effect a vote for the bill..
Mi. Brown desired to remind the gentleman of what he
had said in his remarks on the subject of that motion of Mr.
William Cost Johnson—(he would not take much of the
gentleman's time.) He had stated that the democratic party-
had voted against that section and against that bill, as long
as they had the slightest hope that another bill might be
brought forward, on which the second section might not be
engrafted. But when Mr. Johnson made his motion it was
not to get clear of the section, but only to change the ratio
of the bill Mr. J. had voted for the section, and w as a great
friend to it, and hence his motion gave no hope of getting
clear of the second section.
Mr. Dickixso:* resumed. My colleague has sUted what
his motives were for his course in th«.final test vote on this
subject m the last Congress. But he has not controverted
or denied my statement as regards his position and that
of his democratic colleagues upon that vote. Yet, notwith-
standing his denunciation of this law as unconstitutional, as
a mandamus act—as a strong federal measure—I have
shown beyond cavil or doubt, that it originated with his
own party! and that he and his democratic friends from
Tennessee, with one exception, virtually voted for the law
upon the last test vote ever taken upon it in this House.
Sir, with my colleague's opinion of this law as unconstitu-
tional, I should have felt it my duty to have voted against it
on all occasions and under all circumstances.
Mr. Speaker, twenty-one gentlemen hold seats in this
House who have been elected by general ticket, in direct
violation of the apportionment Jaw, which requires repre-
sentatives to be chpsen by districts. Their right to seats is
sustained by some gentlemen on the other side upon the
ground that the constitution contemplates no other mode of
election. By the second section of the constitution of the
United States, it is declared:
"The House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every seoond year by the people of the
several States, and the electors in each State shall have the
qualifications requisite ior eleotors of the most numerous
branch ofthe State legislature."
UiMter tfjis clause it has becw contended, by same gentle-
men in the democratic party, (Mr. .Fixitt, &f Alabama^
among others,) that every, voter ui a State haa a
vote-for or against the whole number of repres£St«tiy©6
such State may be entitled to; and "that to confine his -fete
to one, by compelling him to vote in a single district, is td
deprive him .of his constitutional privilege of' voting fo-r all.
And thti3 fhey attempt ta/profe-'that the general-ticket
mode of electing Is Jhe only constitutional one; and.that the
second "section oftlitf apportionment- law, which requires
representatives to be elected by districts, is unconstitution-
al and void. Sir, this argumelft-proves too rouchj it proves
that all the representatives who-hate ever had seatsihere
from Tennessee or Kentucky have beefl illegally chosen; it
pToves that the twenty-one who have bee# chosen by-gen-
eral ticket alone have been constitutionally elected, and' thai
the members who have been elected by districts hold seats
to which they aTe not entitled. Such startling conclusions
have made gentlemen perceive that either their reasoning
was fallacious"or their ppemises incorrect; and few, in (his
debate,; have relied upon this view ofthe question. It
will be evident, from the .slightest examination, that this
clause has no reference to the manner of holding elections
for representatives. It establishes who are the voters, and
the right to vote, and the time for which the representa-
tives shall be,chosen; but is altogether siient as to "the
times, " the places, and manner," of ehosing them. This
clause could only have been seized upon, originally, as fur-
nishing a plausible pretext for denouncing the districting
section of the apportionment law as unconstitutional.
I call the attention of the House to that clause of the
constitution from which it has been admitted, by the report
ofa majority ofthe committee, and by most of the gentle'
men over the way who have addressed the House, that all
the power which both Congress and the State legislatures
possess to regulate the manner of choosing representatives
is derived. Upon the construction and meaning of this
clause the entire controversy turns:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elections for
senators and representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any
time, by law, make or alter such regulations, except as to
the places of choosing senators.''1
The grave question which is presented to the House is
not whether the enactment of this section of the apportion-
ment law was expedient or of sound policy. The plain
proposition for the decision of the House is, does this sec-
ond section violate this clause ofthe constitution? Is it "in-
consistent with it? Does it come in conflict with it? It ap--
pe.ars to me that the plainest understanding, unbiased by
passion or party spirit, can have no doubt in the answer it
will make to these questions. That famous section, which
has been denounced as unconstitutional, provides "that m
every case where a State is entitled to more than one repre-
sentative, the number to which each State shall be entitled,
under this apportionment, shall be elected by districts,
composed of contiguous territory, equal in num-
ber to the number of representatives to which said
State may be entitled—no one district electing more
than one representative." This section is plain and
perfectly intelligible in its terms. There is no difficulty
about its meaning, it requires the representatives to be
chosen, throughout the Union, by fingle districts. The
whole controversy is reduced to this narrow point: Is Con-
gress empowered by the 4th section of the 1st article ofthe
constitution"to make this provision?
As the best mode of arriving at the meaning and intention
ofthe wise and practical men who formed the constitution,
in inserting this clause, let us review the circumstances by
which they were surrounded. The convention formed the
present constitution to remedy the imperfections of the
confederation. The instrument was regarded by the repie-
sentatives of sovereign States as a declaration ofthe princi-
ples upon which the federal government was to be adminis-
tered, and "alljpowfcrs not granted to it, or not necessary
and proper to carry the specified powers into effect, were
reserved to the States, respectively, or to the people.-"5 This
convention was not a legislative body; but legislation was
necessary to put the new government, then formed, m mo-
tion. The only legislative assemblies in existence in the
Union were the legislatures of the States, and hence they
are commanded by the constitution, in the first place, to pre-
scribe the times, places, &c. of choosing representative?.
Does this throw no light upon the construction and mean-
ing of this clause of the constitution? f,The times, places,
and manner of choosing representatives shall be prescribed
by the legislatures thereof/' This command of the con-
stitution to the States to prescribe the manner of
choosing representatives is binding upon them as long as
tife constitution exists. The remaining part of this section
declares—"but the Congress may at any time, by law.
make or alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing senators." Can language be more intelligible?
Are not the meaning and intention ofthe convention in this
clause clear, that Congress was to exercise a controlling
and supervising authority over the regulations as to the
manner of choosing representatives? If, under this clause,
the legislatui*e in each State can divide the State into dis-
tricts, and appoint the times and places of choosing repie*
sentatives. Congress can do the same;and such regulations,
in regaid to the manner of choosing representatives, as may
be prescribed by the States, Congress, at any time, has the
power to alter, with the exception of the places of choosing
senators, which is confined exclusively to State control.
And this exception, as to the places of choosing senators,
excludes all others, and shows conclusively that the power
of Congress over these regulations (which the State legisla-
tures were commanded to prescribe) was ultimate, and
without other limitation! Sir, this is no new construction
of the constitution, invented to support my own views. The
paramount authority of Congress over the manner of
choosing congressional representatives is established
by the contemporaneous exposition of the constitution.
This clause attracted groat attention, and was fully dis-
cussed at the time of it-? adoption. Then this power
was admitted to reside in Congress. If it was not, why
were such strenuous efforts made to amend, to modify, and
to destroy this clause? Pennsylvania proposed this modifi-
cation of the clause:
"That Congress shall act haw power io make or
