692
28th Cong 1st Sess.
rAPPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Report of the Committee of Elections-—Mr. Dickinson.
Feb. 1844.
H. of Reps.
regulations concerning the time, place, and manner of elect-
ing senators and representatives, except in case of neglect
or refusal by the' States to make regulations for the purpose,
und then only for such time as such neglect or refusal shall
continue."
The States of North Carolina and Virginia, proposed this
substitute for the clause:
"That Congress shall not alter, modify, or interfere in the
times, places, or manner of holding elections for senators and
representatives, or either of them, except when the legisla-
ture of any State shall neglect, refuse,tor be disabled, by in-
vasion or rebellion, to prescribe the same."
Massachusetts proposed the following amendment:
"Th£t Congress do not exercise the powers vested in
them by the fourth section of the first article of tire consti-
tution, but in cas^s when a State Shall neglect or refuse to
make the regulations therein mentioned, or shall make reg-
ulations subversive of the rights of the people to a free and
«qual representation in Congress, agreeably to the consti-
stutlo ."
South Carolina, Ntfw Hampshire, Rhode Island, and New
"York, objected upon the same ground to this feurth section,
and proposed similar amendments.
Sir, the existence of this power in Congress was the n un-
questioned. The conventions of seven States proposed that
it should be modified; but it was not modified. The consti-
tution was adopted by them, with the distinct understand-
ing of this controlling power of Congress over the manner
of choosing representatives, by virtue of this very section.
Yejt, after the declaration of the most trusted statesmen of
that-period, that it was a power of "dangerous latitude," and
just auch. legislation as this second section was foretold
WOuld be based upon it, still all propositions to amend it
were rejected, and this power in Congress, after thorough
discussion, was deliberately and understanding^ retained.
I have-shown conclusively that this authority of Con-
gress, in prescribing the manner of choosing representa-
tives, is paramount. And now, when a conflict takes place
between the laws of Congress and the laws of States, m "re-
gard to such regulations, the laws of the latter, so far as
they arc inconsistent'with th'e laws of- the former, are su-
perseded. This construction of the constitution must be
correct. It is the only intelligible one. And, as much as
we may regret it, it is our sworn duty to declare that the
four States persisting to elect by general ticket, and refus-
ing to perform duties that the constitution commands, have
made elections which are null and void. _ ,
In reply to gentlemen who have ui-ged the proposition
that Congress can only act upon the suoject to prevent a
dissolution of the government, arising from the refusal or
inability of the States from any cause to district, I beg,
in addition to what has been adduced, to read from an au-
thority upon the construction of the constitution that will
not be questioned. Mr. Madison, in reply to an inquiiy of
Mr. Monroe, in the Virginia convention, remarked:
"It was iound impossible to fix the time, place, or manner
of the election of representatives in the constitution. It was
found necessary to leave the regulation of these, in the first
place, to the State governments, as being best acquainted
with the situation of the people, subject to the control of the
general government, in order to produce uniformity, and
preventits own dissolution."
The apportionment law was not passed because of the
failure or refusal of the States to choose representatives, but
for the purpose of producing uniformity m the manner of
electing representatives. This is declared by Mr. Madison
to be one of the objccts for which this clause was inserted
in the constitution.
My colleague does not deny that Congress possesses the
power.to rendei the mode of election uniform, but asserts
that the law by which this is to be accomplished must con-
tain within itself all the provisions necessary for its com-
plete execution, without the aid of State legislation. All
other positions taken in this debate on the other side Lave
been held with hesitation. But this they assume bold-
ly and state confidently, and with' an- air defying all
assault. Theii doctrine upon -this point is, that if Con-
gress assume any jurisdiction over the elections of rep-
resentatives, all must be assumed. If Congress le-
gislate in regard to places, they must be designated,
if as to time, the df>>s must be specified; if as to manner,
the districts must be laid ort. that the law must operate pro-
prio vigore upon the people, and not require additional legis-
Jation on the part erf the States to carry it into efleet; it it
does, it becomes amandamus act, and is null and void I af-
firm that this doctrine, as applied to all that class ot cases,
of which this is one, over which the jurisdiction of the
Ktatee and Congress is concurrent, is at war with the prac-
tice of the government from its organization. It is at war
with the principles and opinions ol our enlightened and vir-
ruous statesmen of .all parties, to the time of the passage of
this law. . ,
The republican policy has ever been, not to intrude the
officers orthe legislation of this government into the States,
when the powers of the government can-be otherwise as
well executed; but, in all cases like the present, that Con-
gress should prescribe the general regulations, and leave
the means of theii execution to State laws and St*>te officers.
I am astonished to find politicians who profess to be the
advocates of State rights—who concede the power of Con-
gress to divide the states into districts, and tippomt the
times and places of holding elections—should denounce this
•^ct. I am surprised that they should complain of a partial
assumption of the power of regulating congressional elec-
tions, when all might have been taken from theStatcs.
Sir, in their eagerness to find fault, and to bring into dis-
repute the last Congress, they fall into the grossest errors,
and are inconsistent with their avowed principles. It woulu
have been highly inexpedient for Congress to have gone
farther than this law does go. I have no hesitation m de-
claring that this act is precisely in conformity with the in-
tention of the convention in giving this power. No gentle-
man can doubt upon this point, who will read Mr. Madison's
speech in the Virginia convention, where this clause was
strongly objected to, and he was interrogated as to the ex-
tent of the power it conferred upon Congress. He said:
vAnd considering the State governments and the general
g^'eraruOiit as afatiact bodies, acting in different and |naft<
pendent capacities for'the people, it was thought the par.
ticular regulations should be submitted to the former, aind
tbe general regulations to the latter.'" If he understood the
intention and meaning of this clause, I appeal to my col-
league [Mr. A. V.Brown] if Congress has not complied with
it, both in letter and spirit. The general regulations, that
representative^ shall be chosen by single districts of con-
tiguous territory, are prescribed by Congress; the particu-
lar regulations, as to what counties shall compose the dis-
tricts, and the times and places of voting, are left to the
State legislatures. Sir, this view of "the question is so ob-
vious and so conclusive, that to declare thislaw unconstitu-
tional seems to me to be "sinning against light and knowl-
edge."
The justification of the conduct of these four States, upon
the ground that; if Congress assumes any portion of legisla-
tion over .the regulations of choosing representatives, all
must be assumed, to make it valid, is a most indefensible
one; it shows the weakness of their cause; and yet this is
the strongest ground-upon which their j ustification has been
placed. This is attributing to sovereign States and grave
statesmen the perveisity and wilfulness of spoiled children,
who, when one apple is offered to them, because they can-
not have one in each hand, will have none at all. Sir, this
argument is placing the advocates of it in a most unenviable
light beiore the people of this country, Our countrymen,
of all parties, will never, until the spirit of liberty is dead,
permit, in those men who have the making of the laws, the
indulgence of any such temper, or trifling with their dear-
est rights and interests.
Gentlemen may attempt to shelter themselves from the in-
dignation of the people, for this violation of the constitu-
tion, under the clamor that this is a mandamus act. It will
be in vain. Congress has universally required the aid of
State legislation, in those cases where thejurisdiction of
Congress and the States is concurrent, but that of the former
paramount and ultimate. And in such cases^ the duty of
State legislatures is derived from the constitution. This
duty, till now, they have cheerfully perfermed-~of supply-
ing the needful legislation by the mandate of the constitu-
tion.
The class of cases which are analogous to the present,
and which seem to have escaped the attention of the Con-
gress of 1842, was brought to the notice of this House by
my learned and industrious friend from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer.] And i beg leave to refer to one which he used in
illustration of "his argument, and which is directly in point.
The constitution declares "each State shall appoint, in such
manner as the legislature thereof may direct,' electors of
President &c., "Congress may determine the time of choos-
ing the electors." Now, how did Congress proceed to exe-
cute this power1 Not by passing such a law as, m the lan-
guage of the report, "must be c mplete to execute itself,
without the aid of State legislatures," but by an act which
requires "that electors shall be appointed in each State, for
the election of President and Vice President of the United
States, within thirty-four days preceding the first Wednes-
day in December." £)id our patriotic ancestors denounce
this law as amandamus act to the States, and therefore void'
No, sir. Yet it if as much a mandamus act, in every respect,
as the law of 1842; for it requires the State to appoint then-
electors thirty-four days previous to the first "Wednesday in
December. No discretion is left to the States; and if they
do not appoint them within the prescribed time, they will
be without constitutional electors. And because this act re-
quired the aid of State legislation to carry it into effect, was
it ever deemed unconstitutional and void' No, sir; but the
democratic doctrine, which has been so much insisted on
in this debate, would, if correct, establish that every man
who has been elected President of the United States, from
George Washington to John Tyler, both included, has been
illegally and unconstitutionally elected.
Sir, I am f>o thoroughly convinced, not only ol the con-
stitutionality, but of the expediency of this law* that, if I
had been a member of the last Congress, I should have
been its advocate. The repealing of the geneial ticket
mode of electing representatives, and substituting 9 uniform
district mode inits place, is a power which Congress has per-
mitted too long to lie dormant. I cannot better express my
opposition to the general ticket mode of electing represent-
atives than by employing the language of a distinguished
senator, now occupying a seat in the other end of the Capi-
tol. whose opinions have gieat authmity with his party.
"In the general ticket mode ofelection, the vote of the State
is directed by the majority of the State legislature. The
majority itself, influenced by some leading members, and
the ticket thus arranged, is made to triumph over the whole
Sta'e, by the mere effect of discipline, and in open violation
of the will of the actual sovereigns, the fair majority of the
qualified voters. It is capable of demonstration that the
general-ticket, especially over a larg$ surface, is often no
election at all by the people." This argument against the
general-ticket system of elections is thus strongly put by
Mr. Benton, in his celebrated report, in 1826, on the propo-
sition to establish a uniform district mode of choosing elect-
ors of President.
Now, if these views of the distinguished Missouri
senator are couuct, the charge of my colleague, [Mr.
A. V. Brow s.J that the whigs passed this district-
ing law to perpetuate an ill-gotten power, is idle and
groundless. The measure was adopted to annul en-
tirely the general-ticket mode o? election, by which the
members ot this House become the representatives in effect
of sovereign States, instead of the representatives of the
people of the States. Under this law, representatives are
secured to the minority as well as the majority party of
each State; and thus this House becomes, what it ought
ever to be, a true mirror of the interests and feelings of the
whole people.
Suppose the state of things in 1S40 shall occur again m
1844, and which now seems likely, and the general-ticket „
mode was uniform throughout the Union : the democratic
party would have only five representatives upon this floor
From all the States north of the Potomac. One hundred and
fifty thousand democratic voters in Pennsylvania would be
without a. representative in this House, and one hundred
and eighty thousand in New York; and neither my colleague
nor any of his democratic friends from Tennessee would be
here, to represent fiitV'four tlwvwmft democratic voters ir*
that state. But if this law is faithfully executed, tiie free-
men of every congressional district in America will be re-
presented'' by a member living in contact with them,
who will be chosen, i#t merely because he it known .
a partisan politician, but also because of his qualities as a
This districting regulation has been made by law,
as the constitution prescribes. This House,. the Sen-
ate, the - President, considered it deliberately, and
all approved of it. It has been don© in _ pursuance
of the constitution, and " is the supreme :law -ofthe
land." Can this House, by its own authority, set aside a
law which it required'the authority of all these departments
to enact? : - ' - , ,
The clause in the constitution which declares that each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns, and quali-
fications of its members," gives the authority to decide
whether the elections, the returns, &c., have been made ac-
cording to law, but not the power to set the law itself aside.
The concurrence of all these departments was required to
enact this law. Can it be set aside at the pleasure of one?
Surely not. The sanction of aU the departments which
created this law is required to repeal it. This law is un-
repealed; it is now in fiill force; and all elections made con-
trary to it are unconstitutional. „ , . . . rT„ .
Mr. Speaker, I fear our efforts will all* be in vain. This
law will be violated and trampled upon by this House; but
there-is a tribunal where this outrage will receive a de-
cisive condemnation. To the people we appeal most confi
dently for a vindication of the constitution. .Before them, I
have no fear but we shall obtain a verdict. The constitu-
tionality; the justice, the policy, of this law will stand the
test of public opinion. The great body of our countrymen,
of both parties, are conservative in their temper. They
rise superior to the interests of party, when the dearer in-
terests of their country are at stake. They will rebuke
this most wanton assault, which, in the madness of: party,
is made upon the constitution. They never have yet
permitted, I trust in God they never will permit the consti-
tution to be violated without administering a rebuke which
the violators will be made deeply to feel and long to remem-
ber# The course of a majority of the democratic Senate m
my own State, who deprived the State of senators for two
years by refusing to elect senators at all, because they
could not elect individuals of .their own party, impaired, in
my judgment, the confidence of the people in their republi-
can principles, and was one of the leading .causes of the
overthrow of that party in Tennessee.^ t
Let this House, before the consummation of this disoigan-
izing proceeding, take counsel from the fate of Dorr and his
followers. Their rebellion against the constitution ot
Rhode Island dissolved all the ties of pre-existing parties.
The patriotic men of all parties united under the law-and
order banner, to uphold the just authority of the constitu-
tion and laws, against the revolutionary and disorganizing
proceeding of a violent faction. .
Such, I trust, will ever be the fate of parties which shall
array themselves against the constitution and Jaws, in car-
rying measures for party aggrandizement merely. For
what, to the f people of this great - nation, is the momentary
triumph of a party, compared to the unsettling the founda-
tion upon which their liberties rest?
I desire, in conclusion, to ofler some remarks in
relation to the prejudgment of this question by the
whig members, which has been so strongly con-
demned by gentlemen over the way. The elections
made by the four recusant States were so palpably il-
legal, that it was our duty to oppose these gentlemen taking
seats as members, in limine. We believed It to be our duty
to insist upon placing the protest upon the journal, as the
best means of preserving, lor our^constituents and posterity,
a correct view of the ground we occupied in our enoit to
defend the constitution from infraction.
The protest was received, debated, and entered upon the
journal. The House afterwards, by a deliberate vote, or-
dered that it should be stricken from its journal. The con-
stitutional right of one-fifth of the members of this House to
show upon what- proposition they vote when the yeas and
nays are ordered, was destroyed. The command ot the
constitution to this House to keep a journal of its proceed-
ings, was boldly disregarded. The resolution of the gentle-
men from New York, [Mr- Barnard,] setting forth these
facts substantially, and asserting the constitutional right of
the minority, W8S refused reception. It was denounced by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgpole,] whose sa-
gacity and experience-make him the leader of the majority,
as, per se, a disrespect of the House. We owed it to manli-
ness, to our strong conviction of our sworn duty, to protest
against gentlemen taking seats as members of this House
who had ho right to them; and to-^ have yielded to
tbe overbearing conduct of the majority until the pro-
test itself was expunged, and the resolution setting forth
the facts in regard to it was denied reception, would
have been unworthy the character of whig representatives.
To denounce the performance of such a duty disrespectful
to the House is practising in its worst form the spirit of the
sedition law itself. It is declaring that the minority of this
body shall not even exercise the privilege of murmuring
against the illegal proceeding of a tyrannical majority. The
resolution of fne gentleman from New York was not disre-
spectful to this House, per se or otherwise.
Mr. Dromooole explained He had not charged the gen-
tleman from New York with disrespect of the House in of-
fering his resolution. He had expressly stated that the pro-
test, per se, was disrespectful. It had been repeatedly offer-
ed, and refused a place upon the journal.
Mr Dickinson resumed. The gentleman from Virginia
declared, if he had labored to invent a trick for our damage,
he could have invented nothing which would be more effi-
cient in that way than our course in-regard to this protest;
and characterized us, because of our persevering efiorts to
get it upon the journal, with a most expressive sneer, as the
protectant members T thank him for that word; the recol-
lections connected with it will inspire resolution and confi-
dence. It will teach us our duty. The first protectant and
his party, when they commenced resisting an arrogant ma-
jority in the Christian church, were but a handful; but,
standing upon the truth, and defending it with the courage
and energy which a good cause inspires, they now cover
the -earth- Lwtto. the first Protostantj when be
