Congressional globe.
Committee of the Senate, with amendments, be now
taken up.
Mr. EVANS hoped that the senator from New
.Hampshire would not now press his motion, as
there were one or two appropriation bills to be dis-
posed of. He thought there would, after that, be an
opportunity for the motion.
Mr. ATHERTON inquired of the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, whether it was his inten-
tion to call up the bill during the present session.
Mr. BERRIEN replied that he could only say he
had no instructions from the Judiciary Committee
on that subject. He reported the bill with amend-
ments, m discharge of the duties imposed on him
by the committee.
Mr. EVANS said if the senator from New Hamp-
shire would give away for the appropriation bills,
he (Mr. E.) would himself interpose no objection
then to taking up the bill.
Mr. ATHERTON said if there could be an un-
derstanding that the bill should be taken up in the
course of the day, he would assent to the course
proposed by the senator from Maine.
Mr. DAYTON. No pledges. Several: No pledges.
Mr. EVANS said he did not refer to a general
understanding; but all he meant was, he would inter-
pose no objection.
Mr. ATHERTON said he then felt it his duty to
persist in his motion, and asked the yeas and nays
on the queotion; which were ordered.
The question on postponing the previous orders
to take up this bill was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 24, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Bar-
row, Beaton, Breese, Buchanan, Fairfield, Fulton, Han-
negan, Haywood, Huger, Lewis, McDuffie, Niles, Semple,
Sevier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker. "Woodbury,
and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bate?, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Francis, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Johnson. Mangum, Miller, Pearce,
Porter, Simmons, Upham, White, and Woodbridge —22.
The bill was then taken up as in committee of the
whole, and read, viz:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representativea of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
the time of choosing the electors of President and Vice
President of the United States in each State, shall be the
Tuesday next after the first Monday of November next; and
afterwards, except where a special election shall be held in
pursuance of the 10th section of the act to which this is an
amendment; the time of choosing the said electors shall be
the Tuesday next after the first Monday of November in
every fourth year succecding the last election of said
electors; and when such special election shall be held, the
time therefor shall be the Tuesday next after the first Mon-
day of November in the year when the same shall be held
pursuant to the section aforesaid.
The question pending was on the amendments re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee, viz:
''Strike out all after the word 'November/ in the fifth
line, and insert: in every fourth year succeeding the last
regular election of such electors; and when any special
election shall be held, the time for holding the ssme shall be
on the Tuesday next after the first Monday of November in
the year when the same shall be held: Provided, That this
act shall not go into operation until after the next election
of electors of President and Vice President of the United
States: Jlnd provided, further, That it shall not operate in
any State in which the election of electors of President or
Vice President shall be made by the legislature of such
State."
Mr. ALLEN said he believed there were two
amendments reported with the bill. He wished to
have the vote taken upon them separately.
Mr. BERRIEN, in explanation of the amend-
ments reported by the Judiciary Committee, said
that the purpose of the first was to postpone the op-
eration of the bill until after the next presidential
election. The second provides that it shall not apply
in those States where, by the existing law, the elec-
tion is made by the legislatures of said States. The
last amendment he believed, has particular refer-
ence to the State of South Carolina alone. The first
was induced by the consideration of the shortness
of time which supervened between the passage of
the bill and the period when this election was to be
held, and the inconvenience which the people would
be put to, of calling the legislatures of the States
together.
Mr. ATHERTON said he understood that the
object of this amendment was to postpone the opera-
tion of this bill until after the next presidential elec-
tion. The other amendment was to provide that it
should not apply to those States in which elections
were made by the legislatures. He did not know
that there would be any particular objection to the
adoption of the latter amendment; but to the pass-
age of the amendment which postponed the operation
of this bill until after the next presidential election,
he thought it his duty most strenously to object:
It was well-known—and it made no difference
whether this apprehension was well-founded or not
—that apprehension prevailed to a considerable ex-
tent, that frauds had been practised in elections—that
men had been transferred from one part of the Union
to another, in order to vote; and that system which
had now received the technical name of pipelaying,
had been carried into pretty general, and in some in-
stances, into pretty extensive operation. Now, he
he wished to cast no imputations upon any party;
but it was a matter of very serious importance that
this apprehension should be removed, whether
these facts existed or not. If frauds existed, certainly
nothing could be more important to a legislative
body than to remove, as far as it was in their power,
the possibility of their recurrence. If frauds did
not exist, it was important that the suspicion of
them should be removed; for what was of more con-
sequence than that the people should have confidence
in their rulers, and in the manner of their election?
This was important in order to produce tranquillity;
because, if any party, after an excited contest, be-
lieved that they had been defrauded of their rights,
what was so apt to produce dissention between
them and their rulers, and the most disastrous con-
sequences to republican government' It was im-
portant that our institutions should not only be
preserved pure, but be preserved from all suspicion.
Here was a bill, which was passed by an unexam-
pled majority of the House of Representatives, pro-
viding that the election of President and Vice Presi-
dent shall take place in the United States on one
and the same day—thereby removing the possibility
of introducing fraud to any great extent m those elec-
tions. Not only so; it seemed that the Judiciary
Committee of this body had sanctioned the princi-
ples contained in the bill by reporting an amend-
ment, and not objecting to the bill itself; but the
amendment provided that it should go into operation
•—when? Not until after the next presidential election.
Now, was it not admitted on all hands, that the
next presidential election was to be one of the most
important ever known in this country. What rea-
son was there for postponing the operation of the
bill until after this election' Why postpone it at
this important crisis, when, if it was to have any
beneficial influence at all, its passage was of the
greatest consequence. He had no disposition to
say anything upon this subject to prejudice senators
against the bill itself; but he hoped the amendment
would not prevail.
Mr. ALLEN said he would not go into a general
discussion upon the merits of this question. It was
a bill introduced in the House of Representative by
one of the members from the State of Ohio, who
was unquestionably induccd to make the movement
in consequence of what took place in the State of
Ohio at the last presidential election. That there
were frauds almost without number committed on
the ballot-box in that State in 1840, was a fact
which no solitary citizen within the limits of the
State was now prepared to deny. There were
frauds committed by the transfer of voters from the
adjoining States to the State of Ohio—a fact which
was proven before the Senate of the State at the
next session of the legislative body after the election
—proven beyond doubt, in the contests between
senators upon that floor, to the satisfaction of the
Senate, and of the House of Representatives; and
so completely to the satisfaction of the whole peo-
ple, that that public opinion compelled the legisla-
ture to pass one of the most penal laws to be found
in the legislature of any State in the Union, against
the recurrence of election frauds on the elective
franchise of the State. This bill, therefore, might
well originate from the State of Ohio; or rather the
cause of it being strongest in that State, might
well induce a member from that State to introduce
it in the House of Representatives. With regard
to putting this matter off until another presidential
election intervened, it seemed to him that it was
nothing more than a proposition to defeat the bill
entirely. If there were frauds, they ought to be
barred out of the approaching election. If there
were no frauds, there was no use whatever in the
law; and instead of postponing its action, gentlemen
ought to vote against its passage. The \ cry fact
that the House of Representatives had, by an im-
mense majority, passed this act, was conclusive of
the fact that the popular bianch of the government,
who emanated from the ballot-box, entertains the
solemn conviction that these frauds have been
practised upon the ballot-box. The fact that the
Senate of the United States had agreed to consider
the bill, and to take it up at this late period of the
session for consideration, was conclusive of the fact
that a majority of the senators present in their
seats believed that there exists good reason for the
passage of this bill; and if there was any good reason
for its passage at all, did not that reason apply to>
the approaching, as well as to any future, elections?
All the calamities which could, by possibility, result
to the country from a fraudulent result, in the pres-
idential election, might be felt in that which was
approaching. And what, he asked, what harm
could result from the passage of the bill now? What
harm could it do to any body who desired to see the
ballot-box uncontaminated?
He desired to know upon what grounds any bill
passed by the Senate oftne United States, which had
no otherobject in view than the prevention of frauds
in elections, could be objected to? It was not a bill
to inflict any calamity upon the country, by pos-
sibility, in any way. It was not a bill drawn upon the"
treasury for money, or to tax the people; it was purely
a measure to prevent frauds, which were destined,
if suffered to continue, to contaminate the power ot
government at its very source. Upon what ground,
then, could any solitary senator oppose the object
of this bill? It could not be that any senator here;
desired to see the frauds of 1840 practised over
again; and if not so, he demanded the resson for
their opposition to the bill? The whole object of it
was to prevent frauds in elections. It had been said
that it would be inconvenient. Now, there were
six months to intervene before the election, or near-
ly six; and as to the mere matter of inconvenience,
(which he denied, for there would be no inconve-
nience whatever,) he felt assured that there was nc*
sufficien t reason in that to vote against the passage:
of a bill, which had nothing less for its object than
to preserve uncontaminated the source of power of
our institutions.
He repeated that the same reason that existed for
the taking effect of this bill, at any time, existed
for its taking effect previous to the next presidential
election; and as regarded the election in the State of
South Carolina, there was one plain and conclusive
answer to the amendment, as it regarded that State;
and that was, that the legislature of South Carolina
could be called together before the specified period,
and at very little expense to the people of that
State.
He wished it to be distinctly remembered not only
here, but throughout the country, that this was not
a bill to appropriate money, or to impose any tax
upon the treasury; its whole and sole object was to
prevent fraud; and that there could exist no objec-
tion to it, which was not an objection to the preven-
tion of fraud. He desired the yeas and nays upon
this subject; it was one which must go before the
people; and if the frauds were not removed from
the next presidential contest, the passage of this
bill would be a main evidence in the strife. It would
then be seen who it was that was opposed to the
passage of a law, the whole and sole object of which
was, to preserve uncontaminated the sources of
political power in this country. If the frauds of
1840 were repeated again—if the people discovered
that the majority were in favor of one man, yet, by
abuses practised! in the ballot-box, another was
elected, they would become disgusted with their
own institutions; the right of suffrage would be
gone, and frauds would take the place of the right-
ful action of the popular will.
He presumed that the honorable senators who rep-
resented the State of South Carolina would be ready
to say, that in order to remove all obstructions to
the passage of this bill, South Carolina would be
willing to call an extra session of her legislature to
meet the requirements of this law, should it besome
a law. He could not imagine—he did not imagine
—that there was a solitary senator upon the other
side who desired to see a repetition of these frauds.
It could not be possible that any senator was in fa-
vor of them; and if not, he asked what reason was
there for any opposition to this bill?
He would not occupy any more of the time of the.
Senate; and demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. McDUFFIE felt called upon, by the peculiar
situation in which South Carolina stood, to say a
very few words upon this subject. If the first
branch of the amendment prevailed—postponing the
operation of this bill until after the next presidential
election—he would move to strike out the other; for
he had no idea that South Carolina should stand
upon a different footing from the other States of this
Union. If, however, the first amendment should
not be adopted, it would be a matter of convenience
