June, 1844.
AJPPENBIX Tb fttE CONGRESSIONAL <*LOBE.
28th Cong 1st
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Archer.
Senate.
tempted to betray his cause, by the ills which were prophe-
sied would overtake him if he persisted in his stern opposi-
tion to the decrees of the Council of Worms, replied to such
a suggestion with the spirit of a hero—"I will go to Worms
and do my duty, if" every tile upon its houses becomes a
devil to confront me." Sir, I trust the whigs upon this floor
will entitle themselves to the noble appellation of t^e
"protestant members," by acting with a like-bold and gen-
erous spirit in defending the constitution from this fiercest
and most determined assault ever made upon it Let us not
shrink from the full discharge of our duty from, the dread of
any disaster to ourselves which has been predicted by. the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole.] Let'us uphold
the constitution, and do our whole dufrg to the country,
even if that course should thin our meagre ranks upon this
floor to one-third of its present number; for then, "if Borne
must fall, we shall be innocent."
Some of my friends have characterized this proceeding on
the part of the four States, in refusing to comply with a law
of Congress, as an act of nullification; and the sanction of
this House of their conduct as piling one act of nullification
upon another. 1 think the proceeding on the part of these
States, and that which we have.witnessed in this House, is
more indefensible and disorganizing even than the nullifica-
tion taught and practised in South Carolina. The nullifies of
South Carolina, when the protective policy was adopted t>y
the tariff law of 1*828, did not, at the commencement of its
operation, and without any .judicial action uponit, scornful-
fully trample upon the law, as being a nullity and void.' No;
they proclaimed, to the country their opinion that the law
was unjust, oppressive, and unconstitutional. They appeal-
ed to their countrymen to repeal it. They entreated Con-
gress, through their representatives, to abandon the policy
of protection. And failing in all their efforts, after years of
remonstrance, they did not still obstruct the execution of
the law; but they had an adjudication upon it by the high-
est authority known in their State. "The State assumed heft
highest political attitude," assembled her wisest and most
prudent men in convention, declared the law unconstitu-
tional and void, and determined it should be inoperative
within the limits of the State, until it was declared consti-
tutional by a convention of the States. Yet this step, which
was taken by South Carolina with such deliberation, and
only after years of ineffectual remonstrance, was denounced
as revolutionary, as a rebellion against the government of
the Union, by that great political leader, whose sagacity,
energy, and decision, gave form and substance to the demo-
cratic party, and to whose name they owe all their former
triumphs. Yes, sir, General Jackson denounced this pro-
ceeding on the part of the nullifiers of South Carolina as
rtoral-treason. 1 am no nullifier. 1 never was. I opposed
it with my humble influence, as my colleague [Mr. A. V.
Brown] well knows. But the utter disregard and con-
tempt with which this law has been treated, by four
States of this Union, and that branch of the legisla-
tive power in which it originated, and by that po-
litical party one of whose members did originate
it, without any complaint of the injustice or op-
pressive operation of the law, without any attempt to pro-
cure its repeal, without even testing the -constitutionality
of the measure before any tribunal, State or national, but
trampling it under foot without reluctance, without hesita-
tion, and with contempt, has less defence, less excuse, less
palliation, than the proceeding of the South Carolina nulli-
fiers. This is a more beld, flagrant, and palpable violation
of the constitution of the United States than was even the
South Carolina ordinance of nullification. It is so much
worse than nullification, that I do-not believe the great nul-
lifier himself, if he were a member of this House, would
vote for the resolutions reported by the |majority-of the
Committee of Elections.
Again, 1 affirm my deep conviction that the question of
the admission of- the gentlemen from the four recusant
States resolves itself, ex necessitate rei, into the proposition
of whether we have any organic law worthy of the name
of constitution, if the plainest provisions of it can be set
aside at the discretion of one or more States. If this is to
be our practice, what strength or validity is there in our
constitution and laws? None, sir, none. And thus the
greatest invention of modern times, for the security of hu-
man rights and human happiness, will turn out, upon ex-
periment, to be of no practical utility. Are we prepared to
announce, by our votes, so signal a failure of our boasted
system of government? I trust not. Yet, I solemnly de-
clare I see no middle ground—no half-way house presented
for our acceptance. We must sustain t£e power of Con-
gress in the passage of this law, and thereby uphold the
constitution, by refusing gentlemen seats here who have
been elected in violation of its provisions, or, by admitting
them, proclaim the impotency of the constitution, and the
imbecility of our laws, when they come in conflict with
the interests or party ties of public men!
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
SPEECH OF*MR. ARCHER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In Senate, Jane 8, 1844—On the treaty for the annexation of
Texas to the United States.
Mr. ARCHER said: He could not be insensible of the dis-
advantage to which his peculiar position, throwing him the
last in the debate, must expose him, in the protracted and
exhausted condition of it. It was a circumstance of allevia-
tion, however, his being, from this cause, enabled to pre-
sent a synoptic rather than argumentative view of the con-
siderations which he wished to press on the attention of the
Senate. The organ of the committee which had recom-
mended the rejection of the treaty, and concurring in their
judgment, it was due alike to both that the grounds of his
and their opinions should be exhibited. He had, he must
admit, however, a further motive for taking part in the dis-
cussion, even at this uninviting stage. Look at the. momen-
tous character of the question. When, how often, m our,
in any history, had a question of this unapproached
magnitude—of the acquisition of an empire of scarcely
less extent than our confederacy—been presented' And
this great question was complicated with others, however
seemingly subordinate, refusing separation, and claiming to
assert control of it. Such a theme might well assert an ex-
citing influence on the least confiding aspirants in debate.
This great theme, too, had awakened through the land ex-
citement extreme in intensity as extent. He (Mr. A)
thought this excitement was to be attributed to the trans-
position in the public mind of the just order of topics and
inquiry. The' desirableness of the acquisition of Texas was
first or alone thought of—not at all, or inadequately, the
considerations which entered into and made a question of
the fitness of the acquisition, of its consonance to the au-
thorized action, to the fair reputation of the government and
the country. These were not considerations to be exclu-
ded from" the estimate on which a sound and just conclusion
must be founded. ''
His own quarter of the country, -Mr. A. went on>o say,
partook, as he was advised, as largely as any other of the
prevalent excitement; the current was said to run strongly
in favor of the ratification of the treaty. He could not speak
with certainty, as he had been absent; it mightbe so, he had
given himself no great.trouble to inquire. It was his desire
to be .always found expressing the sentiments of his con-
stituents. This was the second of his objects in public life,
(they were but two:) the first was, to do tight for his con-
stituents, and discharge his and their duty to the constitu-
tion and the country. It was of small consequence to him-
self personally, having enjoyed a continuance of public life
which ought to contact his ambition, whether he was cor-
rect in the opinion. But he believed that this was the true
w ay to the favor of the major part of his constituents and of
the people. If it were otherwise, his oourse was not the
jess determined, by the light of conviction, to explore the
path of duty.
Whilst on this topic, he must be permitted to say, that,
whilst on many subjects public sentiment ought to be deci-
sive, ought to enter for an important element in the
formation of our determinations here, there might be
presented occasions and cases in which *we ought to
expect, certainly to endeavor, to give shape public sen-
timent. And what classes of occasions and cases were
these? Those in which, from more favorable opportunities
of information, or -larger advantages of advisement, our
lights of knowledge must be superior to those of our con-
stituents. This, as he apprehended, was the case in the
present instance. And, for himself, he had little doubt that
the public mind, aiming to reach just conclusions, would,
however swayed for the moment by excitement in an ad-
verse direction, in no long time settle on the view which
the decision we were to-night to render jvould announce.
The Senator frem Missouri, [Mr. Bento??,) who had led
this debate with an ability which did him honor, had
claimed to have been the pioneer in denunciation of the
alienation which our government had made of Texas by
the treaty of 1819 with Spain. He [Mr. A.] might claim to
have been little behind the senator in this path, and even
to have got before him when it had reached the halls of
Congress. The dilatory forms of Spanish diplomacy, by
allowing the period for ratification to expire, had restored
the treaty to our control in 1820, and resolutions had been
submitted in the House of Representatives by a gentleman
(Mr. Clay) then and since much distinguished, with the
avowed design of procuring the-frustration of the treaty.
In the debate on these resolutions, which had occurred a
short time after he (Mr. A.) had first taken his seat in that
body, his voice had been raised for the first time in repro-
bation of the policy of the surrender of Texas. On this
point he retained his opinion unchanged; and, as he thought
the alienation then unadvised, so he deemed the reacquisi-
.tioa-now advisable. But, mind, it was the reacquisition,
not thib reannexation of the country which he sustained;
for these two phrases, however seemingly identical, had
come to be of very varient import. Reacquisition meant
that we were to get back the country on such terms as we
might deem expedient and find attainable. Reannexation
imported that the country was ours still, notwithstanding
that we had made a formal surrender of it for equivalents.
The argument to sustain the title of reannexation was, that,
having received the country from France, with a condition
of incorporation of the inhabitants into our Union, the obli-
gation of this condition was indefeasible—invalidated any
transfer of the territory. But there were no people in the
territory to be incorporated, and the engagement in ques-
tion could be applicable only to population, and that not a
superinduced but indigenous population. had received,
too, Florida, andheld Florida in compensation of onr trans-
fer of Texas. If we were to reach out one hand for the
reclamation of Texas, must we not extend the other at the
same moment for the surrender of Florida'' Why the first
engagement more binding than the last7 A compact obso-
lete, break and dissolve another of the same character in
full force and operation7 Or were we to recognise a stan-
dard of political competence peculiar to ourselves, which
equally put it out of our ability to permit the validity of
concessions we had made, or to restore the equivalents we
had received for th?m? This might be a standard recognis-
ed by gentlemen who asserted our title of reannexation to
Texas, but not by the people,- who would utterly repudiate
such doctrine.
[Here some explanation passed between Mr. Walkfr
and Mr. Arcjif.r. not material.]
There was a principle (said Mr. A.) founded, every as
sound principle of morals or law was. in essential come-
nience, which did not permit established rights and interests
to be broken up on abstract conceptions. This was no
more than part of the great inestimable law of prescription,
applicable to international as to municipal concerns—stare
decisis. Do not unsettle foundations. Florida was in the
Union, with all her paraphernalia of rights, civil and politi-
cal. Texas was gone, by solemn concession, to Spain, con-
firmed by compart with Mevu o, when we stipulated for the
arrangement of boundary, by compact \\ ith Texas when e
executed that arrangement. If Texas were to be ours ^he
must be reacquired by new arrangements and stipulations.
He (Mr. A.) had said that he had been the opponent of the
alienation of Texas, when that question had been first
brought before Congress, in the earliest moment of his pub-
lic life here. He might now add, that he had given evidence
of his disposition to"recover Texas at the latest moment of
hislpubhc. life—the present session of Congress. The posi-
tion assigned him by the Senate bad brought him into the
earliest conference with the signers of this treaty of annexa-
tion; and he bad employed to both sides—the Texian com-
missioners and our own Department of State—the language
of the most earnest—he might say importunate—remon-
strance against the signature, before the obstacles on the
side-of Mexico "should have been removed, or the attempt
made, and unduly repelled, to remove them. He had urged
this importunity in the conviction that the frustration of-the
treaty and of annexation, for the present time, must be the -
result of proceeding to the perfection of the treaty, without
the obviation of this difficulty. He had pledged himself for
the soundness of this opinion, the realization of this predic-
tion. His suggestions had not found acceptance.
And here he must take occasion to correct a misapprehen-
sion into which the senator from Missouri [Mr. Eknto.s]
had fallen. He had expressed the impression that the ex-
ecutive department of the government had been anxious, in
the first instance, for delay, as respected the action of the
Senate on the treaty—had supposed the concurrence of
Mexico required to the validity of the treaty. This was a
mistake. The executive had held the contrary opinion aa
to the occasion for the assent of Mexico—had desired the
immediate action of the Senate, as long as they supposed
that immediate annexation would be the result of immediate
action. It was only when they had given up this opinion,
had renounced or begun to falter in the confidence of a pres-
ent annexation, from the obstruction of thost* who demand-
ed the concurrence of Mexico, or of reasonable endeavors
to obtain that concurrence, and the defeat of these endeav-
ors—it was only as a consequence of this change of opinion
that delay, to give occasion to communication* with Mexi-
co, had been desired. It was then that the messenger had
been despatched to Mexico, of whose mission so much had
been said. He (Mr. A.) had yielded his entire concurrence
to the despatch of this messenger, not merely for the dis-
charge of the indispensable debt to decorum, which de-
manded the communication to Mexico of the part our gov-
ernment had taken in the signature of the treaty, but for the
purpose also of sounding the sentiments of the Mexican gov-
ernment on the subject of annexation, of keeping open the
door of explanation, of conciliation, of annexation. He (Mr.
A ) had not made the promise which the senator from Mis-
souri had supposed, that action on the treaty should be kept
back for forty days. He was not in the practice of promis-
ing more than he knew he could make good His promise
had been, that his pndeavors should be employed in the
Senate to postpone its action for the period of -fee probable
return of the messenger to this place, estimated at about
forty-five days. He had acted in good faith in discharge of
this promise—had essayed to obtain the delav proposed, but
without success, the Senate having overruled his sugges-
tions on tl^e subject.
But these were matters preliminary only, Mr. A. went oil
to say, which had kept him too long from the topics (grave
as they were) appropriate to the discussion. The value of
Texas, the desirableness of its acquisition, he had already-
had occasion to observe, did not present the principal, nor,
indeed, any topic at all appropriate to the discussion. The
value of Texas as a territorial possession was unquestiona-
bly very great; the desirableness of its acquisition, in many
views—political, commercial, social—mignt be as gieatas
had been represented. Yet ibis value and desirableness had
no more to do with the appropriate issues in this discussion*
than the value of Belgium or the desirableness of the acqui-
sition of Cuba. There might exist circumstances (they were
of perpetual occurrence in public as in private affairs) which
required the value of objects presented to our acceptance to
be disregarded, and acquisitions in our reach to be renounc-
ed. That this present case of Texas was one which fell un-
der the operation of these principles of public and social mo-
rality, he was persuaded would be found on an unbiased ex-
amination.
The debate had presented several questions. The leading
one related not to the expediency but validity of the trans-
fer of Texas made by the treaty—was a question not of ad-
vantages, but authority. Was the government of Texas
empowered to make?—ours to receive! Could the territory
be the lawful subject of this form of transfer? The affirma-
tive of these propositions had been stated, and sustained
with technical precision. Ouj recognition of Texas, and
that of other powers, invested Texas, it was said, with the
character of sovereignty complete. This character of sove-
reignty involved the fullest authority of disposal of the ter-
ritory, and our constitution permitted a full authority and
discretion in receiving it. These were the propositions
maintained in affirmance of the validity of the treaty.
Now, what he (Mr. A) undertook to maintain was, that
neither oi these propositions W5P? well founded; and that if
each of them had been true, the inference in favorof the
treaty would not be warranted. The recognition of the inde-
pendence of Texas by our own and other powers had not the
effect, in the view of public lav/, of determining the right of
supremacy and sovereigntv of Texas, in issue between the
two governments of Mexico and Texas. This recognition
could not. therefore, have the effect of investing the dispo-
sing power, which was claimed on this ground only, in the
government of Texas over the territory. The purpose and
office of this sort of rfcogniuon was, indeed, the reverse of
this effect, which had been imputed to it. Instead of decis-
ion on the question of title and so\ ereignty between the
contesting parties, it was no more than a form of refusal to
nmke that decision—a mode of escape from the necessity of
makimr it. The advantages of intercourse and traffic with
the belligerent parties were not to be lost to oi nor nations
whilst the contest was depending for the agonalnment oi"
the right ofpovercignty Other gove! -mien;-, could neither
be supposed versed in the merits of the contest nor at liber-
ty to make inquisition, so as to pronounce tbedecisirn.
What course was left' Acknowledgment of '.he right indi-
cated hv possession, enduring no longer than its ground—
the fact of possession—and asserting no other results of any-
hind than this fact involved.
These conclusions, expounding the rf-al «nd sound doc-
trine of public law on this subject, did not *taiui m need,
however, of a resort to treatises and public !<ts to make them,
evident Obvious illustrations sufficed for the purpose. In
the case of competitors for sovereignty, fas in the wars of
the Roses, which so long desolated England.) alternately
successful, each, in his turn of triumph, foi purpost s of
. traffic and convenience, might receive the recognitor
