CpNQIjESSIONAL GLOBE
for the second to stand until after the coming elec-
tion. He wished it to be distinctly understood that
South Carolina approved of the principle of this
Measure.
Mr. CLAYTON said he wsis as anxious for the
security of our elections as the senator from New-
Hampshire, [Mr. Athertov,] or the senator from
Ohio", [Mr. Allen;! ar>d yet he should vote against
this bill, unless the present amendment should be
adopted; and he would do so for this reason: if this
bill .passed in the form in which it came from the
House of Representatives, the legislature of the
Stat£ of Delavvare, and he believed the legislatures of
most of the States in this Union, would necessarily
be obliged to assemble for the purpose of passing
laws to carry tliis act into execution. By the con-
stitution of the State of Delaware, and by the laws
of that State, the judges aiid inspectors of elections
are directed to hold the elections upon particular
days. If, then, the day be altered by an act of Con-
gress, it unquestionably followed thai the legislature
must be assembled to give authority to these judges
and inspectors to hold the elections upon the day fix-
ed upon by the act of Congress. Some few years ago
an amendment was made in the constitution of that
Sfate, so that the election would take place with
.the general election throughout the State. It being
fixed upon by law to be during the month of Novem-
ber, the elections in Delaware were changed from
the month of October to the month of November;
and a particular day was fixed for holding these
elections—two elections the same day every four
years. Now the judges .and inspectors of these
elections being required by law to hold the elec-
t'ons upon a particular day during the month of
November, cannot hold it upon any other. This
bill changes the day, and the inspectors and judges
have no power to hold the election upon a different
day from that upon which they hold it under the
authority of the legislature, without the special au-
thority of the legislature. They have no other au-
thority; and if the day upon which they are author-
ised to hold the election be altered, the legislature of
the State must be assembled for the purpose of hav-
ing this act carried into execution—which he ap-
prehended would be the case in almost every State
m the Union. For that reason, he could not vote
for the bill unless the amendment be adopted.
M r. DAYTON concurred entirely in the sugges-
tions of the senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton.]
They labored under the same difficulties in the
State of New Jersey; and under an additional diffi-
culty if this bill should be made to apply to the ap-
proaching election.
The people would be called to the polls almost
every week between this and next fall. They
•would be called there under a law to elect a body
of men to revise the State constitution. They then
had the fall State election, which must be decided.
They then had the presidential election, which must
be submitted to them. The passage of this bill
would make at least four different elections to take
place next fall in New Jersey. It was from no hos-
tility to the Objects of the bill, but on account of the
inconvenience which would result to the inhabitants
of the State, that he opposed it.
Mr. FOSTER rose for information. He asked
the honorable chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, [Mr. Bkrixiln,] who had no doubt thoroughly
investigated this subject, and who was so well calcu-
lated to thiow light up.'ii it 111 ail its paiticulars,
whether the passage of this biil by Congress did
not ipso facto repeal all the acts of the legislatures of
the States in relation to the time of holding elections;
and whether it did not fix, at once, the day of these
elections, without any further action by the legisla-
tures of the States? If it did, all difficulty seemed
at an end, and he would not object to the bill with-
out the amendment to postpone its operation until
after the next presidential election; if it did not, he
would vote An* the amendment. He would vptefor
it, because, if it dtd not repeal all former acts of the
legislatures of the States, the General Assembly of
Tennessee would have to be convened, and that
could not be done under an expense of fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars. He was not willing that
his State should be put to such an expense; and, un-
der this state of the case, he would vote for the
amendment to postpone this law until after the next
presidential election.
Mr. BERRIEN said that, although the decision
of the other branch of the national legislature con-
tests the supremacy of the State laws in relation to
elections, notwithstanding the passage of an act of
pongress making a different provision, yet he held
now, in relation to this case, as he held when a simi-
lar matter was under discussion before, that, in rela-
tion to this question, the authority of this govern-
ment was supreme; and consequently the passage of
this bill, in the form in -which it came from the
House, would have the effect of repealing all the
State laws which conflicted with the time appointed
under this law. It fixed a day of election; and con-
sequently repealed all State laws fixing any other
day.
But the State laws gave to certain officers under
the State governments authority to proceed to these
elections on a certain day, and in the manner these
laws prescribed. Then the Congress of the United
States comes in and prescribes another day for the
election. These State laws are no longer applicable;
their authority does not exist, after the passage of
the law of Congress. It would necessarily be the
duty of the States to conform their legislation to this
new state of things, which would be required by the
passage of this act; and the single inquiry was,
whether the evils which it was the object of the bill
to prevent, and which all were most anxious to
avoid—whether these evils did exist to that extent
which would justify Congress in the passage of a
law requiring the assemblage of the different State
legislatures. From the representations made to the
committee, they were induced to believe it would be
attended with great inconvenience; and under the in-
fluence of this consideration, the committee had sug-
gested, for the reflection of the Senate, whether,
however desirable the passage of this bill might be,
it would not be better to suspend its operation until
the State legislatures, in their ordinary assembling,
would make provisions to conform to this law.
Mr. FOSTER simply rose to say that the exposi-
tion made by the honorable chairman [Mr. Bek-
rif.n] was peculiarly satisfactory to his mind; and,
he could not help thinking, to the satisfaction of
every senator on the floor. It had not occurred to
him that any instrumentality was necessary on the
part of the legislatures of the several States to carry
out this law; but the law showed that it was neces-
sary. It made no provision in regard to the man-
ner of carrying on this election. It made none of
those provisions which were absolutely necessary
in all popular elections. It simply specified the
time, and consequently required that the legislatures
should convene to determine upon the manner.
He wished it to be distinctly understood, now and
hereafter, that he was in favor of this law—that he
had always been in favor of it. He would vote for
it now, if he could; and he would vote for it should
it assume the shape which he desired it should as-
sume, and which he had no doubt it would assume.
He did not rise to oppose it, but to say that he op-
posed it without the amendment; and he desired to
vote for the amendment postponing its operation,
because he did not think it proper, wise, or just, to
put his constituents to the expense of fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars in order to carry out the
objects of this law. When it came before the Sen-
ate in a proper shape, he would vote for it.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he believed that if there
were a single question on which the people of the
United States approached unanimity,' it was, that
the election of electors should be held on the same
day throughout the Union. The prevailing im-
pression every where, was that great frauds had
been practised in the presidential election of 184(1,
for want of such a provision as that now proposed.
What, then, was the only objection which had been
urged against the passage of this law? It was this:
that if it passed, it would be necessary to convene all
the State legislatures in the Union between this and
November, for the purpose of making the laws of
the respectives States conform to the proposed
change. Now, if he (Mr. B.) entertained any such
apprehensions, he would vote against the bill; but as
he was very clear that no such consequence would
follow, he would cheerfully give his support to the
measure.
What was the language of the constitution? "The
Congress may determine the time of choosing the
electors, and the day on which they shall give their
votes; which day shall be the same throughout the
United States." The time, and the time alone, then
was under the control of Congress. They could fix
the day on which the election should be held
throughout the United States; but they could do no
more. He should be glad to know, then, from any
senator, what necessity there would be for conven-
ing the State legislatures, merely for the purpose of
declaring that the day of election appointed by Con-
gress should be the day of election throughout the
several Spates. This would be a work of entire
supererogation. Congress had the express power,
under the constitution, tg fix the day; and if we ex-
ercised this power, our law would have the same
binding'effect as if every legislature in the Union
had separately designated the same day. In fact, it
woald change every State law to this extent, and in
this particular; and the officers appointed by the
State laws to hold the electoral elections, would meet
and hold the electiotv on the day appointed by Con-
gress, instead of that previously, designated by the
State legislatures. It would make no other change
in these laws; but would leave them in full force m
all other. It appeared to him that it particulars,
would be a most absurd cause for convening the State
legislatures—that of ratifying an act of Congress,
merely changing the day of holding the electoral
elections.
The present was not at all like the case which
had occurred in 1842. Congress then had passed a
mandatory act requiring the State legislatures to
change their laws in regard to the election of repre-
sentatives in Congress. But this was no mandatory
act. It was perfect and compete in itself, requiring
not State legislature to pass any law to carry it into
execution. Our power over the presidential elec-
tion was confined to the mere point of fixing the time
when it should be held; and when we exercised
this power, it ipso facto changed every conflicting
State laws, and created that entire uniformity which
was intended by the constitution.
Mr. CLAYTON said the argument of the senator
from Pennsylvania would be very correct; but that
the officers who held the elections in the several
States were not officers of the United States. There
was no question as to the power of Congress tS alter
and fix the time just as it saw fit; but it did not fol-
low necessarily, that when the laws of a State had
authorized certain officers of that State (not of the
general government) to hold elections on a par-
ticular day, Congress can gi\e any authority to
those persons to hold the elections at a different
time. Were they officers of the United States, the
senator from Pennsylvania would be perfectly cor-
rect; because altering the day by the authority of
the United States, these officers would be obliged to
comply; but where the laws of the United States fix
the time of the election upon a different day, as it i3
fixed in this bill, what authority do they give an
officer acting under the State government? Did they
compel him to hold the election upon that day?
These officers were not officers of the government of
the United States—they were officers ofthediffeient
States of this Union; and the laws of those States
had authorized them to hold the election upon a par-
ticular day; but the Congress of the United States
say the election shall not be held upon that day, but
upon a different day.
Mr. MILLER said he had another objection to
the bill, so far as it regarded the State of New Jer-
sey^ By the law of that State, the congressional
election and State elections take place the same day;
and the polls are authorized to be held open for two
days. They also fix the time when the returns
shall be made. If this bill was passed into a law to
operate on the coming election, the legislature of
that State would have to be called together to fix
the time for opening and closing the polls. If this
law was made to operate on the coming election, it
might turn out with it as it had with another law—
by some of the States refusing to act under it and
thus to nullify it.
Mr. HENDERSON made some remarks upon
the constitutional rights of Congress to pass such a
law, which were not heard sufficiently distinct to
be reported.
Mr. BARROW said he voted to take up the bill,
because the Senate, he thought, were prepared to
vote upon it; and having by his vote brought it be-
fore the Senate, he would attempt, by his motion, to
lay it on the table. He made that motion.
Mr. WRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays,
which were oidered, and taken, and the bill was
lam on the table, by yeas 2G, nays 25, as follows:
^ TCAS—Mesbrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
L hoate, Otayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Fian-
cis, Huntington, Jarmgan, Johnson, Mangum, Merrirk,
ivjiJier, Alorohead, Pierce, Phelps, Torter, Simmons,
Ljiham, White, and Woodbridge—'26.
NA1S—Messrs Allen. AtchKon, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton. Han-
ne^an, Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Lewis, McDuftie,
Nues, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tall-nadge, Tappan, Wal-
ker, Woodbury, and Wright— 2/>.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Lands Claims, reported back, without amend-
