June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
28t  Cons 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jlrdkr.
Senate.
treaty, this would have of "course to be abandoned. It has
been around this proposition, therefore, that the storm of de-
bate has raged. The point was maintained vehemently that
the t^aphad been terminatedsince the period of the battle of
San Jacinto, in 1836: Not that it could be pretended that
hostilities had undergone cessation in all forms in the suc-
ceeding iapse of time; that, with no regard to the facts,
could be asserted. It was only insisted that the hostility
had been confined to irregular inroads and predatory expedi-
tions, and these, it was affirmed, did not constitute "war.
Supposing these to constitute war, their occurrence and re-
currence nearly in every year of the period in question was
indisputable and admitted, down to a late period of the past
year.
This was a conception of the character and constitution of
war truly curious, (said Mr. A.) and worthy of observation.
"War, to be defined, must have a measure and scale of mag-
nitude applied to it. The constitution of its reality was to
depend on the extent of its, operations. It was not the mere
employment of force, but the amount of this.employment,
which was "to ascertain its existence. But this rule -of defi-
nition would be found difficult of application. .By what prin-
ciple of proportion or admeasurement was the scale of defi-
nition to.be adjusted? What number of men required to be
employed? amount of destruction to be accomplished? In
the application of the standard, how-many military opera-
tions, themes of praise, would be reduced from the character
or operations of war? The operations Of our own wars, the
past and last,; would they bear the test? Battles on the small-"
est scale—operations languid aud transient! The fiffair of
Trenton, the most signal in our revolutionary annals in its
conception and effects, which turned the tide of the waver-
ing conflict to our preservation, and plants the brightest of
the gems in the reputation of Washington—what was this
affair but an incursion, transitory, slight, too inconsiderable
to take the title of an operation of war in' this new mode of
designation of war? The battles of Chippewa and Niagara,
which we have been prone to destine to an historical repu-
tation, reverberating the loudness of the noble cataract near
which their scenes^ were laid—what were these but inceptive
incursions into Canada, inconsiderable in their progress or
results, and falling, therefore, below the recent standard of
warlike operations?
A senator had quoted Vattel to show that inconsiderable
incursions, such as had alone occurred of late between Mex-
ico and Texas, did not, in public law, attract the name of
war. When he heard this declaration he (Mr. A.) supposed
that he had read Vattel carelessly. But what did he find on
recurrence to this author? th^tthe quality of predatory ex-
peditions or inconsiderable incursions tookfrom these forms
of military operation the characteristic of war? No; but that
operations prosecutcd without observance of the formalities
required to constitute lawful warfare,took these names in that
condition to distinguish them reproachfully from war. And
what were these formalities, the observance or non-observ-
ance of which assigned the lawful or the reproachful char-
acter and name? Authorization from the legitimate sources,
and announcement in the established modes. In the occur-
rence of these • prerequisites, the operation took the quality
of legitimate war, with no reference to the extent or the
mode of it. Well, had not the conflict of Mexico and Texas
its warrant from the legitimate sources, the governments of
--the two countries? Had it not been recognised as war in the
legitimate sense by these as other governments-? If restored
to activity, would it not beheld and treated in the character
of lawful war? The expeditions, then, which had kept un-
extinguished the flame of the dissension in blood as the in-
fliction of calamity, were parts of this same war!
The attempt at the arrangement of an armistice between
the governments of Mexico and Texas during the past year
had been brought into the debate, each side claiming this
fact as available to its view on the question of a present sub-
sistence of war between the two powers. To him (Mr, A.)
the contest seemed superfluous; for did not the fact, which
was not disputed, of the entertainment of negotiation for this
object, whether it had resulted in an armistice or not,-estab-
lish the fact in contest—the subsistence of the war'*. If no
war subsisted, what the occasionfor an armistice? for,nego-
tiation on the subject of it? An armistice was an arrange-
ment for the suspension of the operations of war. If adopt-
ed, it proved the existence of war by the fact of the suspen-
sion. If it failed, by the evidence which the attempt and pro-
posal of it afforded that there was a war to suspend.
The true view on this subject of the subsistence of war
in Texas had been taken by the senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Choate.] The question did not involve a mere inquiry
of fact, as had been strangely supposed. It was an inquiry
.having for its object the ascertainment of a public state or
relation between Mexico and Texas. Public war imported
a relation far more than a state of facts. Though importing
the exercise of force, it had a legal subsistence independent
of force, which carried all its incidents, diversified and im-
portant as these were.
Illustrate by example. Suppose the two great powers of
the world, England and France, issuing formal declarations
of war respectively; the maritime superiority of England
renders her inapproachable; France, impregnable by land,
withholds herself from unequal encounter on the ocean:
what is the condition, in these circumstances, of these
powers, (war on both sides announced with all formality,)
-till a blow has been struck, or in the event that none be
struck? Do they, or do they not, stand in the political rela-
tion of war? Suppose the relation of amity re-established,
no blow having been struck in the interval of the suspen-
sion of this last relation: have they, or have they not, in
that interval, stood in the relation of war7 If years of ces-
sation of hostilities (no blow struck) ensued from exhaus-
tion, would the relation and subsistence of war be termi-
nated by this cessation'
How was the subsistence of this relation and condition
(war) between foreign States to be ascertained? How
known to a parliamentary body like ourselves? What did
we? What ought we to do? What soukcc of information
have recourse to, if we wished to siake inquiry into the
fact7 Should we explore newspaper accounts, go to New
Orleans and Galveston gazettes, to ascertain the fact of the
subsistence of war between Mexico and Texas7 No. We
should send a message of inquiry to the executive, invested
With the duty, furnished with the means, by our agents
abroad, of obtaining information on subjects of this sort.
Well^we had the fullest information from the executive on
this point, of the war in Texas. The President had told us
of its. present existence in his message at the commence-
ment of the-present session of Congress, when he express-
ed the opihion that measures ought to be taken to arrest it.
He had tojd us of its "present existence in his message ac-
companying the treaty. The Secretary of State had sent
us a correspondence disclosing the application of the gov-
-eminent of Texas, late jn the past year, for our interven-
tion, to arrest the alleged barbarous mode of the prosecu-
tion of the war. v Mexico had declared, by her minister here,
in the.fall, the subsistence of the war; and to our minister,
General Thompson/morje recently, that our annexation of
Texas would' be regarded'as. adoption of the war. He (Mr.
A.) never read papers in debate. He referred to the docu-
ments on our tables for the, evidence of what he stated on
this point.
Then, upon this fact, admitted to be decisive as to the in-
fluence it ought to exert on our decision on the treaty, of
the present subsistence of war between Mexico and Texas,
we had what evidence? We were only at liberty, let it be
remembered, to know this fact, so as to act on it from of-
ficial sources; and we had information from what official
sources? First, front our own executive, several times
communicated. Secondly,' from the declarations of the
government of Texas, one o.f the parties to the contest,
made officially to our government. Thirdly, from the of-
ficial declarations of the government of Mexico, the other
party, several times repeated. A disputant desiring more
evidence would not be contented, though one from the
dead rose to testify.
• But suppose active war, not constructive war, required to
make out the case that the adoption of war would be the
result of the adoption of the treaty. To what cause was to
be attributed this defect of active war? How hadit hap-
pened that war, except in the form of transitory incursion,
had been for such a length of time unknown in Texas?
The answer was but too obvious. Though our govern-
ment had made profession, and had not been averse to the
observance of neutrality in good faith, had such been the
temper or the conduct of our people? No; whenever the
threat of new invasion had been supposed really to impend
over Texas, and tljis had been more than once, what had
been the spectacle displayed to us? A rush from the popu-
lation of the region of the Mississippi, as impetuous as its
current, irrepressible by the government, too strong for
even the effort of suppression! Mexico saw this as we did;
knew what it portended; that the first rush was only^the
advanced guard, the first wave, the precursor "of the irre-
sistible and overwhelming torment which would set on the
Shore of Texas, and sweep a Mexican invasion in destruc-
tion and consternation from the soil. -How idle would have
been the folly or mad the passion of Mexico to throw her-
self on such a peril! Santa Anna wasf Canute enough to
know that the wave would not cease to approach and to
swell over him, though he bade it, like Canute, to be obedi-
ent and retire.
If the existence of war, then, in Texas, remained a ques-
tion, the solution was with ourselves. Were we, by failure
to repress our own outrage on the neutrality we owed to
Mexico, to produce a state of Mexican inaction in Texas,
and then to make this inaction our plea for abandoned war
there, and blameless appropriation of the country by our-
selves? The progress of this debate had not enhanced cer-
tainly his estimate of the rigor of our national morality.
But he had no fear of its relaxation into the countenance of
this degree and quality of opprobrium !
War subsisting, then, between Mexico and Texas, next
came the question, Have we—the Senate—in the exercise
of our treaty-making power, privilege and liberty to adopt
it? The second of the resolutions of the senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] made disclaimer of-this authority in the
Senate. He (Mr. A.) was not entirely prepared to unite in
this disclaimer. We certainly had competence to make a
treaty which might involve or lead to war; as a treaty of
alliance, whether offensive or defensive, either of which
might involve war. Suppose war raging between two for-
eign powers; we see our duty or interest in mixing in the
contest; but arrangements are required; terms and condi-
tions of co-operation are expedient, indispensable; these
can only be made by treaty stipulations: are we precluded
from making them? The public interest demanding, the
popular sense concurring, have we no option, discretion,
capacity, to act? The two Houses of Congress can make
the war; but can they make the conditional arrangements
which may be required? And do we stand divested of the
discretion which appertains to the very id<a of independ-
ent, and must be regarded as essential to ettective govern-
ment?
How, then, was the peril from such a jurisdiction in the
President and Senate to be obviated—the difficulty recon-
ciled from the seemingly conflicting provisions of the con-
stitution—the one giving to the President and Senate the
power unlimited to maie treaties; the other assigning to
the two branches of the legislature conjointly (to Congress)
the power to make war? The constitution had, in other in-
stances than this, assigned to the treaty-making power and
Congress a concurrcnt jurisdiction over the same subjects
of action. The guards in the coincidences of a con-
current jurisdiction were discretion, comity, forbear-
ance, the spirit not of compromise only, but even of conces-
sion. Men were not obliged to do everything that they had
authority to do. The possession of jurisdiction did not ne-
cessarily oblige to action. In the rase of war—where it
might merely be involved, was not directly to be adopted --
the obligation to forbearance on the part of the treaty-
making power (this function being, from its nature, appro-
priate to the control of the dixect popular representative)
was more than commonly imperative.
Was there a power, then, to acquire Texas with the con-
dition of the adoption of the war of Texas' The constitu-
tional prohibition from obvious intendment, was nearly as
imposing as it would have been from positive interdiction.
We would not be at liberty from constitutional (saying no-
thing of moral and other) considerations to adopt thiswer
of Texas, if all the world conceded our abstract competence
and privilege to adopt it.
And now conie the topics which, if not the most impor-
tant, were certainly not the least interesting in the discus-
sion. Suppose the power to adopt the Texas war uncou-
tested, or that there was no war to adopt, not even a peril of
embroilment from the dissatisfaction of Mexico* in'our re-
ception of Toxas, from the disparity of the resources of
-Mexico to ours: our neutrality would still be violated,
cause oi just offence be given to Mexico, our reputation in
the eyes of the world be compromised and disparaged by
the imputation of an unwarranted aggrandizement! And
what were the grounds upon which it was asked that these
consequences snould be incurred—the mischiefs, alleged,
the threat of which was to justify our proceeding to annex
Texas in all hazards and events? '
A letter, it seems, had been received in October Ia?t %y
our government from a person, not official, whose name did
not carry authority enough to be communicated, giving in-
formation that a person of so little consequence as never to
liave been before neard of, (by the name of Andrews,) repre-
sented to represent a-society of abolitionists, which had not
and could not have existence in Texas, had been deputed
to open communication in England, not with the govern-
ment, but another society, having no recognised existence,
to induce this last society to employ means of operation on
the government of England, not by public negotiation but
by private arrangement with the government of Texas, to
induce the consent of this last government to the abolition
of the institution of slavery in Texas^
Was ever such a catalogue and catenation of circum-
stances , (one lost breath in the recital,) of character so ut-
terly inconsequential and insignificant, brought to work out
a result with or without consequence? And then came, di-
rectly on the back of this disclosure of conspiracy for the
abolition of slavery in Texas, the volunteered, explicit, pe-
remptory, many times repeated, disclaimer of the Secretary
of State of the English government, that his government
had been party, or would in any event be party, to this con-
spiracy, or to the exertion of "any undue influence" on Tex-
as, or in any other quarter, for the procurement of the abo-
lition of slavery, though that result everywhere was strong-
ly desired by the English government.
Were we to profess apprehension of the practices of Eng-
land on the subject of slavery in Texas after this solemnity
and iteration of disclaimer?
If so, how was intercourse with other powers of the
world to be preserved7 Were we, like the Turk formerly,
(not now,) to be isolated from intercourse, which we could
not have, or with no benefit, if we acted on a system that
all confidence in disclaimers was to be refused -in con*
flict with our prepossessions on disagreeing views of poli-
cy? He (Mr. A) nad been excited to no small indulgence
of suiprise at the views which his colleague [Mr. Rives,]
had taken occasion to present to us, full of the harshest ar-
raignment of the despatch of Lord'Aberdeen of December
last, denying the policy imputed to his government in rela*
tion to this subject of the-abolition of slavery in Texas.
Why, what would his colleague have Lord Aberdeen to
have done on the subject of this imputation? There were
three modes of conduct presented to his election. The im-
putation had been brought distinctly to his view. He might
sit silent, affirm, or disclaim it. He had taken the last course
—disclaimed it. Would wehave bad better cause for satis-
faction in his taking either of the others? And if, making
the disclaimer on the subject of slavery, he had distinguish-
ed it from a denial in gross by a statement of the real ac-
knowledged views and policy of lus government, did a dis-
crimination of this sort deduct from the value or the candor
of the avowal! He (Mr. A.) was far from imputing partici-
pation in this purpose to his collaague. But every one had
been obliged to see, in the whole progress of the negotia-
tion of this Texas treaty and its vindication, the fixed pur-
pose that the English government was not to be allow-
ed to shake oft" the imputation of dangerous practice or pur-
poses in regard to slavery in Texas which had been fasten*-
ed upon its forehead. The vindication would be left, it was
too plain, m circumstances of desperation if this artifice of
excitement were stricken from its hand.
And what was this Texas, this population of Texas, which
we were so committed to indulge the fear was to be
wrought by the government of England to the surrender of
an established institution, or, it might be, to political sub-
jection to England1? A population sprung from the bosom
of our slavcholding States, born in the nurture of the insti-
tution of slavery, carrying it with them in their migration,
placing value on Texas for adaptation to slave laborf And
this was the people to be regarded as ready to renounce the.
use of this same labor on this same soil ©f Texas, so pecu-
liarly adapted to render it productive beyond all precedent.
And this people, not descendants; a present offset from our-
selves, must be protected from a proneness to run under a
present subjugation to England. It was a fact which might
appease the apprehension of the abolition of slavery in Tex-
as, if this apprehension would permit itself to be.appeased,
that the constitution of Texas contained a provision pro-
hibiting the emancipation of slaves. The State was pro?
eluded, therefore, from the surrender of slavery, as an insti-
tution, save in conjunction with its political constitution.
Our Secretory of State, however, had changed the entire
aspect of the question, as far as the subject of slavery was
involved. Admitting the disclaimer of Lord Aberdcento be
entirely satisfactory as regarded direct action of hii govern-
ment for the abolition of slaver) in Texas, the Secretary
plants himself on the ground of the general declarations of
the English government adverse to the institution of slavery
e\erv where,'and makes this the express justification of the
signatuie of the treaty. Well, to what did this declaration
of doctrine amount? England had avowed a desire to s<\e
slavery put down everywhere; had declared a purpose to
u«e all modes of counsel, expostulation, it night he influ-
ence, to accomplish this result—not the suppression, be it
remarked, but the voluntary abandonment (the■ e were very
different) of the institution ol slavery. Kirmthis exposition
Of policy on the part of England, what v,a<=the authorized
deduction, according to our Secretary of State? Not thr*
right to encounter England at her own weapons 5n resist-
ance ot her policy—to countervail by counsel, expectation,
influence, the scope of her views, and give strength to
ours_hvit to plant our own views peremptorily in the for-
eign region within our reach. The ground adduced for our
action, in the signaune of the treaty, wa^ explicit and ex-
clusive, the duty of precaution against the propagar.d spirit
announced by England against slavery. No ot&sr grouft^
