CONGftiSSlONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SEVIER said he was opposed' to cutting off
ftegrog of old Jack.
' The question being first on striking out the section
of ths bill abolishing the spirit ration,
Mr. TAPPAN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered and taken; -and the section was
stricken out by—yeas 26, nays 14, as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Bagby, Barrow,
Bayard, Berrien, Breese, Buchanan, Clayton, Colquitt,
Crittenden, Evans, Hannegan, Haywood, Huger, Johnson,
Lewis,. McDuffie, Mangura, Merrick, Morehead, Pearce,
Semple, Sevier, and Sturgeon—-26.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Benton, Choate, Fairfield,
Francis, Fulton, Huntington, Porter, Tappan, Upham, Walk-
er, White, Woodbridge, and Woodbury—14.
The question was then taken on striking out the
fifth section abolishing corporal punishment in the
navy, and agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the "bill was
further amended by adding the following as an ad-
ditional section, viz:
"Be it farther enacted, That no person shall be employed or
continued abroad, to receive and pay money for the use of
the naval service on foreign stations, whether under con-
tract or otherwise, or to perform the duties usually per-
formed by navy agents, who has not been, or shall not be,
appointed by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate: Provided, that this shall not apply to the disbursement
of any sum now in the hands of any persons heretofore em-
ployed-for such purpose."
Mr. BAYARD moved further to amend the bill
by adding the following as an additional section:
"Sec. Jind be it furthtr enacted, That the accounting officers
of the treasury be, and they are hereb,y authorized and
directed, in the settlement of the accounts of Com-
mander Charles Wilkes, and Lieutenant Caldwallader
Ringgold, as officers attached to the late surveying and ex-
ploring expedition to the Pacific Ocean and the South Seas,
who were employed in scientific duties, to allow and credit
Commander Wilkes with extra pay, at the rate of two thou-
sand dollars per annum, and to allovr and credit Lieutenant
Caldwallader Ringgold with extra pay, at the rate of 81,000
per annum."
Mr. TAPPAN had a letter of Secretary Paulding
read, showing that extra pay was promised the
officers of the exploring expedition.
Mr. WOODBURY inquired whether the sum
proposed by this amendment accorded with the
sum paid those employed in the coast survey.
Mr. BAYARD said the officers were compelled
to perform the duties pertaining to the scientific
corps. The Secretary of the Navy addressed a
letter to those officers, in which, for the performance
of such duties, they were promised pay at the same
rate as those engaged in the coast survey. The ac-
counting officers were not authorized to make the
allowance; but at the last session of Congress au-
thority was given to allow the same compensation
which was allowed those engaged in the coast sur-
vey. That authority would only have the effect of
putting those officers on a footing with others con-
nected with the expedition, when they should be
paid as superintendents; that is, that Captain
Wilkes, who was the head and soul of the expedi-
tion, would not receive, by that law, the same pay
as the chief of the coast survey, but as an officer
only equal m rank with those belonging to that
survey. In order to avoid any ambiguity, and to
avoid the payment, of any increased expense grow-
ing out of extra charges induced in relation to the
particular service, the committee thought it was
better to fix the extra pay of Captain Wilkes as
commander-in.chief of the exploring expedition,
and to put him on a footing with the supei mtendent
of the coast survey, at $S,000, and the pay of Lieu-
tenant Ringgold, as commander of one of the vessels
in that expedition, at §1,000.
Mr. WOODBURY inquired what a post-captain
received abroad as commander.
Mr. BAYARD said $4,000.
Mr. WOODBURY made some further remarks
not distinctly heard.
Mr. BAYARD said Captain Wilkes was selected
because he possessed the scientific attainments so pe-
culiarly necessary in such an expedition. There
was no sort ot analogy between these two species
of command; that is, a post-captain abroad, and a
post-captain as commander of a scientific expedi-
tion, where it was necessary for him to be possessed
of scientific knowledge, independent of that scientific
knowledge pertaining to the duties of a naval officer.
We was compensated as naval officer for the per-
formance of his duties as naval officer, but not for
those scientific duties which he had to perform.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that the pay of
Captain Wilkes, according to this amendment,
"would be $6,000 whilst on that expedition.
^ r ' proposition was debated at great length
Messrs. BREESE, BUCHANAN, WOODBURY,
SEVIER, ALLEN, WHITE, and SEMPLE, op-
posed the amendment; and Messrs. BAYARD,
TAPPAN, CRITTENDEN, WOODBRIDGE,
and BENTON, advocated its adoption.
The question was then taken on the amendment
qy yeas and nays, and it was adopted by yeas 29,
nays 15, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Berrien, Choate, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Fairfield,
Francis, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagm, Johnson, Mangum,
Mcrrick, Miller, Phelps, Porter, Hives, Simmons, Sturgeon,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, "Woodbndge, and
"Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Breese, Buchanan,
Clayton, Fulton, Haywood, Henderson, Lewis, McDuffie,
Niles, Semple, Sevier, White, and Woodbury—15.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the bill was fur-
ther amended, by adding the following, viz:
"That the sum or fifty thousand dollars be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated for the commencement of fortifica-
tions on the Florida reef, including Key West and the Dry
Tortugas, at such positions as, in the opinion of the Presi-
dent, may be best adapted for the command of the straits of
Florida, and the .general defence of the Gulf of Mexico."
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the clause of the
bill appropriating $16,337 for improvements at Pen-
sacola, Florida, was amended, by adding the follow-
ing, viz:
"And the further sum of $50,371, which, with the sum of
$100,000, heretofore appropriated for the construction of a
floating dry-dock at that place, by the act of March 3, 1843,
making together the sum of $150,371, shall be expended in
the construction of the following works, and in the follow-
ing proportions, to wit: For a permanent wharf, $60,000;
for a ship house and building slip. $40,000; for a store house,
$20,000; for a timber shed, $20,000; and for a temporary
wharf, $10,371; according to the plan and report communi-
cated to the Senate by the Secretary of the Navy, incom-
pliance with a resolution of the 29th April, 1844."'
The Senate then took a recess till 4| o'clock.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate communica-
tions from the War and Navy Departments, which
were appropriately referred.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was agreed that
when the Senate adjourn, it should adjourn to meet
at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
The consideration of the navy appropriation bill
•was then resumed as in committee of the whole.
Mr. DAYTON moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing an appropriation of $100,000 for the Delaware
breakwater. *
Mr. WRIGHT inquired if this was not one of
the items in the bill which had gone by the board 
the eastern harbor bill vetoed by the President.
He hoped it would not be added to this bill.
Mr. DAYTON conceived it unnecessary to state
the importance of the work, for he believed that was
universally conceded. This sum was necessary to
preserve the breakwater from destruction. True, it
was an item of the defunct eastern harbor bill; but
it was not one of those objected to in the extraordi-
nary veto message of this-extraordinary administra-
tion; on the contrary, it was an appropriation duly
appreciated by the President, who regretted that
such national objects should be linked with others
which he thought unconstitutional.
SJr. CHOATE had an objection to putting this
amendment into the present bill; not to the object
itself. But if the; Senate saw fit to open the naval
appropriation bill for appropriations to maintain
these national works, he should feel himself con-
strained to move for an appropriation for Boston
harbor, which was really indispensable to prevent
that harbor from being so filled up as to threaten
the destruction of its navigation.-
Mr. BERRIEN rose for the purpose of suggesting
that, in the event of such amendments being admit-
ted into the bill, he should feel it to be his duty to
move for an appropriation to remove the obstruc-
tions of the Savannah river, caused by operations
against the enemy in the last war. At the same
time, he felt bound to say that he did not approve of
introducing these amendments into the regularjn-
nual appropriation bills of the executive depart-
ments.
Mr. HUNTINGTON was quite sure that, if
these were admitted, many more equally meritorious
would be brought forward. He could mention one
himself peculiarly calhngfor something—New Lon-
don. And if he thought the amendment now pend-
ing could succeed—
Mr. EVANS. There is not the least danger that
it will succeed. Gentlemen may make themselves
easy on that point.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ATCHISON moved an amendment to the
bill, the purport of which was not heard in the re-
porter's gallery.
The amendment was rejected.
No other amendments being offered, the bill was
reported back to the Senate; the amendments were
ordered to be engrossed; the bill was ordered to be
read a third time; and, subsequently, it was read a
third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the supplementary
navy appropriation bill from the House, entitled
"A bill making appropriations for certain objects of
expenditure therein named, in the year ending June
30, 1844," was taken up for consideration as in
committee of the whole.
Mr. HAYWOOD, wishing to record his vote
against this extraordinary and unconstitutional bill,
called for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. TAPPAN inquired if there was any law au-
thorizing the building of a steam vessel of war at
Pittsburg.
Mr. EVANS had not examined into that matter
so as to enable him to come to a decision on that
subject. There was a difference of opinion on that
point between the House and the department. But,
without going critically into that question, the fact
existed that the steamer was in the process of com-
pletion under the contracts of the department, which
may have exceeded its authority. The vessel, it
was admitted, was required, and would be desirable
and important for the purpose intended.
Mr. WOODBURY required the preamble of the
bill to be read; for it really appeared to him te be of
a very extraordinary character, and such as would
be objectionable to gentlemen who, like himself, did
not intend to vote against the bill.
The preamble was read.
Mr. ARCHER did not profess, nor had he ever,
as a member of the Senate, professed to be a very
strict constructionist, on subjects of public expend-
iture for objects of unquestionable utility in a na-
tional point of view. But, really, although the
payments provided for in this bill may be requisite
to redeem the faith of the department which had
incurred the obligation, the bill for that object came
before the Senate in such a form as should render
it impossible for him to give it his vote. The very
preamble was of the most objectionable character.
It stigmatizes these expenditures as improperly in-
curred, without the sanction of law; giving this very
impropriety and want of authority of law as rea-
sons why Congress should step beyond the line of
its ordinary duties, and pass this bill. It ever he
had seen a bill which, on its very face, was calcu-
lated to find no favor at the hands of friend or foe,
it was this bill. He hoped it would be rejected^
unless such explanation (which he hardly was left
room to expect) could be given as would show a
state of ease to jnstify the measure in its present
form.
Mr. EVANS presented a documentary report of
the House explaining the whole thing. Prom a
careful perusal of it, he had come to the conclusion
that the wording of the bill arose from a difference
of opinion between those who sustained the pream-
ble, and the department. On the one side, it was
held that there was no authority of law for the ex-
penditures—although the utility and necessity of
the objects were not disputed; and, on the other, *■
it was insisted that existing laws justified the expend-
itures and warranted them. Upon such considera-
tion as he had been able to give to the subject, in the
short time he could devote to it since the bill came
to the Committee on Finance—and, pressed as the
committee was with multifarious duties, it was not
possible to dwell longer upon it—he was inclined to
agree with the House, that the department had
gone beyond its authority in these expenditures;
but be thought it then useless to go beyond the
fact that the department had made contracts; had
actually expended most of the money, ar.d for ob-
jects in themselves approved of; and that, therefore,
under all the circumstances, the bill, or some such
bill, would have to be passed. The House—and
he did not wonder at it—disapproving of these un-
authorized expenditures, though not of the objects,
had chosen to administer a rebuke to those who
had thus made them; and in doing so, he did not
feel that there was any such serious constitutional
principle involved as some gentlemen seemed to ap-
prehenend. Doubtless the House had been stimu-
lated to administer this rebuke by the manner in
which the affairs of the department had been carried
on by the Secretary lately rejected, and his predeces-
sor. As to the steamer building at Pittsburg, it
was contended, by the department, that the law of
Congress authorizing the construction of four iron
war steamers of medium size, justified the contract.
