May, 1844;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBB.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Owen.
H. of Reps.
rathfer than patient investigations, find themselves at
fault here.
From the shades of the quiet Hermitage, whence,
if from any spot upon earth, the voice of experience
free from disturbing passion, and of patriotism .chas-
tened by the calming hand of time, may be expected
to reach us—from the retirement of those shaues, to
whose venerated inmate the heart of a grateful peo-
ple still turns with confidence and with pride, comes
a voice of warning and of exhortation. (Jen. -Jack-
son, not three months since,, wrote to a member of
this House:
'•The present golden moment to obtain Texas must not
be lost, or Texas must from necessity be thrown into the
arms of England and be forever lost to the United States."
From this bold opinion some'of our most trusted
statesmen dissent. Henry Clay, to whom, in spite
of his faults, a political opponent cannot refuse the
character of a great man, takes the opposite ground.
In his letter of the 17th April, on this subject, after
briefly reviewing the events of the Texian struggle,
and alluding to our recognition of Texian independ-
ence, Mr. Clay adds:
"That recognition did not affect or impair the rights of
■. MeSico, or change the relations which subsisted between
her and Texas. She, on the contrary, has preserved all her
rights, and has continued to assert, and so far as I know yet
asserts, her right to reduce Texas to obedience, as a part of
the Republic of Me* ico."
Mr. Clay then goes on to say:
"Under these cixcumstances, if the Government of the
United States were to annex Texas, it would acquire along
with it all the incumbrances which Texas is under, and
among them the actual or suspended war between Mexico
and Texas. Of that consequence there cannot be a doubt.
Annexation and war with Mexico are identical. Now, for
one, I certainly am not willing to engage this country in a for-
eign war, for the object of acquiring Texas."
All this is very plain; and, if the premises were
correct, very just. Mr. Clay says, that Mexico, by
the act of holding to her purpose ultimately to re-
conquer Texas, "lias preserved all her rights" over
her, "as a part of the Republic of Mexico." If this
be true, Mexico may rightfully make war on us, if
we annex Texas. We, therefore, in annexing her,
would engage wrongfully in war. And in regard to
such a war, no one will gainsay Mr. Clay's opinion,
that we ought not to risk being drawn into it, "for
the object of acquiring Texas." The right- and
wrong of the case I will examine by and by; now
only calling your attention to the important fact, that
Mr. Clay's argument forbids annexation for ever,
without the assent of Mexico. And this is the
ground, taken not only by the Presidential candi-
date, but by the controlling journals of the Whig
party. The National Intelligencer of May 6, in its
leading article, declares:
"Let Texas be annexed without the consent of Mexico, and
we shall see the consummation of that act followed by con-
sequences, the bare imagination of which is sufficient to fill
with alarm and dismay the bosom of every friend to his
country,"
Mr. Van Buren, a man wise and far-seeing as
few statesmen are or ever have been, takes different
fround; halfway, if I may so express it, between
Ir. Clay and General Jackson. After establishing,
beyond cavil, (in his letter of April 20,) the constitu-
tional right to annex, he quotes as still applicable to
the present juncture, the language of General Jack-
son -in 1836, that "a too early movement might
subject us, however unjustly, to the imputation- of
seeking to establish, the claims of our neighbors to
a territory, with a view to its subsequent acquisition
by ourselves." Mr. Van Buren adds, however, this
very important opinion:
"I by no means contend, that aformal recognition of Tex-
as by Meccico is necessary to justify us an assenting to her
annexation to the-United States. Time and circumstances
may work such a change in the relations between/ these
two countries cry to render an act of that character on the pail
of Mexico unnecessary and unimportant. What-I mean to
say js, that, from all the information I have been able to ob-
tain on the subject, no change has yet taken place, that
would make the objections I have here detailed, inappli-
cable.
Here, then, are three opinions; the one, that we
have a right to annex Texas now; another, that we
never shall have a right, until Mexico consent to the
annexation; and the third, that time and circumstan-
ces may hereafter give us a right without consulting
Mexico, but have not yet done so. And, in sup-
port of each of these contending opinions, one of
the most distinguished names among the living
statesmen of America can be adduced.
To the facts of the case let us appeal, to guide our
decision, where authorities entitled to the highest
respect disagree.
By the treaty of April 30,1803, during Jefferson's ad-
ministration, "the colony or province of Louisiana,"
as every one knows, was purchased of France.
The western boundary of this "colony or prov-
ince" extended to the Rio d«l Norte, and of
course included Texas, which thus became ours. If
any one is found, so rash, or so little acquainted
with the facts, as to question this, let him suffer me
to refer him to Mr. Clay's speech of April 3, 1820,
(published in the National Intelligencer of April 11,
of the same year,)-in which, while arguing against
any cession of Texas, he says:
"He (Mr. Clay) presumed the spectacle would not be
presented of questioning, in this branch ol the government,
our title to Texas, which had been -constantly maintained
by the executive, for more than fifteen years past, under
three several administrations. He was, at the same time,
ready to make out the title, if any one in this House were
fearless enough to controvert it."
Mr. Joseph R. Ingersoll inquired of Mr. Owen if
he had read a speech of Mr. Kenton's, published
this morning, in which he showed, that the bound-
aries proposed by the pending treaty were not the
same as those of Texas, as ceded to us in 1803; but
included a considerable strip of territory besides?
Mr. Owen. Yes, I have read that speech. I
speak here, not- of the treaty, it is not before us; nor
of the boundaries, be" they what they may, deter-
mined by it; I speak' of that Texas, the title to
which Mr. Clay so boldly maintained in 1820;
Texas as ceded to us in 1803; Texas to the Rio del
Norte.—(Note 1.)
By the treaty of April 30, 1803, then, Texas be-
came part of the Union. The third article of that
treaty contains the compact which the United States
made in favor of the inhabitants of Louisiana
proper, and of Texas, at the time they were thus ad-
mitted into the confederacy. At this time, when so
much is said about the violation of the solemn
faith of treaties, it is especially worthy of attention.-
It reads as follows:
"Art. 3. The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be
incorporated in the'Umon of the United States, and admit-
ted, as svdn as possible, according to the principles of the
federal constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advan-
tages and immunities of citizens of the Unitf-d State1.; and, in
the mean time, thf.y shall be maintained and protected,
in the free enjoyment of their ubfrty, property, and the
religion which they profess."
For sixteen years Texas remained an integral por-
tion of the Union; protected, according to the terms
of this promise, by the government of the United
States.
On the 22d of February, 1839, a treaty was sign-
ed at Washington by Louis de Onis on tlie part of
Spain, and John Q,uirrcy Adams on behalf of the
United States, by which, for the sake of obtaining
the Floridas, our government agreed to cede to "his
Catholic Majesty." the territory of Texas. The sub-
stance of this treaty agreement is thus summed up
by Mr. Clay, in his speech of April 3,1820, already
referred to:
"It results, then, that we have-given for Florida, charged
and encumbered as it is, first, unincumbered Texas; second,
five millions of dollars; third, a surrender of our claims on
Spain," &c.
In proof that, even to the present day, Mr. Clay
has not changed his view of the transfers effected by
these treaties, permit me to read, from his recent
letter on Texas, where he says:
"The United States acquired a title to Texas, extending,
as I believe, to the Rio del Norte, by the treaty of Louisi-
ana. They ceded and relinquished that title to Spain by
the treaty of 1819, by which the Sabine was substituted for
the Rio del Norte as our western boundary."
After such an admission from the most distin-
guished, and one of the most decided, opponents of
annexation, it is useless to multiply proofs and au-
thorities on this point.
Thus, then, it was, that Spain obtained Texas
from us, and that the inhabitants of Texas, to
whom, in 1803, wc had promised protection for lib-
erty, property, and religion, and all the rights and
immunities of citizenship among us, became, by our
act, subjects of the Spanish monarchy; of which Mex-
ico was then one of the provinces.
Mr. Brodheaii asked Mr. Owen if he knew how
numerous the citizens of Texas were, in 1819, when
that country was ceded to Spain?—(Note 2.)
Mr. Owen. I do not know, sir; nor is it essential
to this argument to inquire. Human rights are
equally sacred, be they the rights of a thousand
men, or of a million.
In February, 1821, commenced the Mexican rev-
olution under Iturbide, which eventuated in the sep-
aration of Mexieo from Spain. I know it has been
said, and may be said, in one sense, that the revolu-
tion commenced in 1810; but the truth is, that in
1819, 1820, and the beginning of 1821, Mexico was,
in fact and for every purpose, a Spanish province,
governed by, and submissive to, the mother coun-
try. The fact of our having ceded Texas by trea-
ty in 1819, (ratified, by the way, only in 1821,).to
Spain, not to Mexico; proves this.
"Mexico was recognised as an independent power
by the United States in 1822, but by Spain herself
not until December, 1836; more that fifteen years af-
ter the time (August, 1821,) when.tije treaty of Cor-
dova was signed, by which the Spanish authority, in
Mexico agreed to withdraw all Spanish troops to:
places assigned for their reception,"and Mexico be-
came, in fact, an independent nation. It ought to
be added, however, that a small body of Spanish
troops held out against- the Mexicans the strong
castle of San Juan de Ulua, near Vera Cruz,
until the 20th December, 1825; and that, in the year
1829, what Spain called a war of re-conquest was
renewed with considerable forces by that power.
On the 14th of February, 1829, the Mexican brig
Guerrero was taken by the Spanish frigate Lealtad;
and soon afterwards, Mexico, unable to maintain a
fleet against Spain, laid up all her vessels-of-war,
and discharged their crews. The particulars of the
invasion of Mexico which ensued are given in an
excellent historical article on the "South American
States," published in the second volume of the
Democratic Review. At page 108, we read:
"In the mean time the Captain General of Cuba, encour-
aged fey his success on the sea, had despatched five thou-
sand troops from Havana, on board of transports, escorted
by thirteen ships of war to the Mexican coast. The land
forces were commanded by General Isidore Barradas;
Admiral Angel de la Borde being the chief of the squadron.
This expedition arrived oft" the mouth ofthe Tampico river
on the '-27th July, an'l the troops were landed without
opposition on the succeeding day. Some little resistance
was made by the Mexican garrison at Tampico, but that
place wab occupied, and Bariadas soon after began his
march into the lntt-rior, scattering proclamations before
him, ir which the Mexicans wero invi.ed to return under
the protection oftheir lawful sovereign.''
Santa Anna raised troops to oppose the invader;
and aftera short bat vigorous struggle, the Spaniards
were defeated. The result is announced in Kiles's
Register of October 31, 1829, as follows:
"By an arrival at New Orleans, from the coast of Tampi
co, *,vc learn, that General Ban-adas capitulated to the
Mexican*? on the 12th September Five battles took place
previous to this event, in which the Spaniards sustained
great loss."
This was thse issue of the last attempt made by
the Spaniards to regain then' "revolted province of
Mexico;" but they suffered upwards of seven years
more to elapse before they recognised her as any-
thing but. a revolted province.
In the mean time, Texas, following the example of
Mexico, and stung by a long series of injuries and
aggressions, resolved to assert her right to an equal
ana independent station among the nations of the
earth. On the 2d of February, 1824, the federal
constitution of Mexico, based upon that of the Uni-
ted States, had been proclaimed; and on the 7th of
May of the same year, a decree had been passed
erecting Texas (including Coahuila) into one of the
"constituent and sovereign States of the Mexican
confederacy."
For several years the Texians took but little con-
cern in the rapid changes that convulsed the interior
of Mexico; but in 1830 they awoke to a sense of the
oppressions which threatened them. On the 6th of
April of that year, the Mexican government passed
a law by which- the further introduction or immigra-
tion of American settlers into Texas was expressly and
totally prohibited; and military posts were established
over the province.
In the spring of 1833 Texas despatched Stephen
F. Austin, as commissioner, entrusted with a peti-
tion to the Mexican government for the fulfilment of
the decree of May 7, 1824, which guarantied to
Texas a separate constitution as a sovereign State.
The result is given in the despatch of Mr. Hunt,
Texian minister, to Mr. Secretary Forsyth, dated.
August 4, 183". He says:
"The respectful petition of the people of Taxas was treat
ed with disdain, and their commissioner incarcerated /  a dun-
geon"
In 1835, Santa Anna, in violation of every guar-
anty that secured sovereignty to the States, declared
for centralism; or, in other words, for the consolida-
tion of all power, civil and military, in his own
hands. The States resisted; but, one by one, they
fell before the victorious arms of the usurper. "The
legislature of Coahuila and Texas (says Hunt) was
dissolved at the point of the bayonet."
And thus the Anglo-American blood was stirred
to resistance at last. Like the United States in 1776,
Texas had to complain that her legislature had been
suspended, her chartered rights violated, her form
of government essentially altered, and her "repeated
