CONGRESSIONAL GLOSll.
Mr. BAYARD referred to that act in which an
appropriation of $400,000 was made (in 1841) for
constructing four steamera of this kind. The
Princeton was one of them. He named the other
three.
Mr. EVANS admitted Ithat authority might be
derived from that act; but the whole of the $400,-
000 had been expended on the first three, and now a
fresh appropriation was necessary to complete the
4th, progressing under actual contract. Whatever
had been overpaid was, of course, taken out of the
contingent fund, and would have to be replaced. Now,
he did not mean to say that, under the administration
of the last two secretaries, there had not been gross
irregularities, fully justifying the rebuke intended to
be conveyed by the House; for it was quite noto-
rious that the late secretary and his predecessor had
gone so far as to disregard either law or the re-
siriction of specific appropriations, in making their
expenditures. The Senate had done all that was in
its power in checking this conduct, by its recent re-
jection. The present secretary calls upon Congress
to set these matters right, and says the public ser-
vice must suffer if this appropriation is not made;
and points out the injury that must result from neg-
lecting to sustain the pledged good faith of the de-
partment. Now, he was not justifying these things;
not at all. He agreed that they were all, to say the
least of them, irregular. But he was quite sure the
Senate could not be accused of sanctioning unconsti-
tutional abuses in concurring with the House in
passing this bill, especially if it retained the rebuke
which it conveyed.
Mr. BERRIEN understood that the Senate was
called upon to concur in an appropriation for
purposes which the department conceived itself
authorized to contract for, but which the House
did not. This was a difference of opinion;
and the party which had the formation of
the bill in its hands, in conformity with its own
views, accompanied the remedy with an assertion
that it was for what was "improper," and "for
objects not authorized by law." Now, it did not
appear to him at all necessary for the Senate to ac-
quiesce in this recognition of a violation of law.
Upon a careful and rigid examination of facts, it
may be that the department is right, or it may bo
that the House is right, in supposing there was lie
authority of law. He was willing to vote the ap-
propriation, tinder the circumstances stated by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, but not to
make an ex parte prejudgment, recognising illegal
expenditures. He moved to strike out the words
"improperly," and "for objects not authorized by
law."
Mr. EVANS had not the smallest objection to
that amendment. His only reason for not offering
it himself was, that he thought if the words were
stricken out the House would not pass the bill. He
had, in this view of the case, and from a feeling
that the rebuke was not undeserved, been willing to
take the bill as it stood without any amendment.
But the Senate could now do as it pleased.
Mr. ALLEN called the attention of the Senate
to the fact that it was after much discussion, and
upon due deliberation, the House had decided upon
inserting these words; and that in these expendi-
tures the constitution had been violated. The
House, in the preamble of this bill, merely states the
fact that expenditures had been improperly made,
without authority of law, which nobody denied. In
looking through the bill, he found it consisted of
five or six items, amounting to $553,000—upwards
of half a million of money applied contrary to law,
and in palpable violation of the express clause of the
constitution which says no money shall be drawn
out of the treasury without authority of law. He
should vote against the bill in any shape or form.
Mr. BERRIEN stated that the object of his
amendment was to remove the manifest absurdity of
making the violation of a law the reason for making
an appropriation.
Mr. EVANS did not see if in that light. The ob-
ject was to restoie to specific funds money which
the bill merely declares was expended out of those
funds without authority of law.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE was satisfied that the whole
difficulty arose out of the piactice of appointing in-
competent or improper persons to office. This trans-
action ought not to be screened from the country. It
seemed te him to be the duty of Congress to expose
it. He understood it to be the view of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, as well as that of the
House, that these expenditures were made without
authority of law.
Mr. HAYWOOD said, if gentlemen were willing
to appropriate public money out of the treasury,
and apply it without authority of law, let it be so
stated on the face of the bill. He hoped the amend-
ment would not prevail.
■Mr. BERRIEN might be in error as to the view
he took of this matter; and if he was, he should bs
willing to stand corrected. His object was to pre-
vent the bill involving in itself the absurdity of be-
ing authorized by an improper appropriation.
Mr. EVANS. An improper expenditure.
Mr. BERRIEN. Well, the money has been
already paid, and the question is whether an appro-
propriation shall be made to make up the funds out
of which it was paid; and, in doing this, assign as a
reason the impropriety and want of authority of
law.
Mr. WALKER thought the senator from Georgia
was right. This was not the manner in which the
officers of the government should be met on ques-
tions involving their malversations in office. To
impeach them in an appropriation bill was, to say
the least of i-j, very extraordinary. He concurred
in the view that, if these expenditures were made m
violation of law, it was an assumption of power for-
bidden by the constitution. But, surely, there was
no propriety in administering rebuke in a manner
never contemplated by the constitution—in an ap-
propriation bill! It was not only rebuking the de-
partment, but the rebukers—a species of self-
casrigation, not unlike that the record of which was
to be met with in the history of certain saints, who,
to punish the arch-enemy of mankind, whipped
themselves with whips of scorpians, or, in the mid-
dle of winter, stood naked on the tops of elevated
poles, high up in the air, to make themselves as
miserable and unhappy as they possibly could. He
was not for administering this joint castigation in an
appropriation bill. The course was quite obvious,
(and it was open to the House,) for administering
the rebuke so as to fall only on those who pro-
voket it.
Mr. EVANS hoped the question would be taken
without further debate. He was quite indifferent in
what form the bill was passed, so as the appropria-
tion was made. There was not, after all, any great
harm done.
The question wjp then taken on Mr. Berrien's
amendment; and it resulted—yeas 6, nays 32, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Berrien, Lewis, Morehead, Tall-
madge, and Walker—6.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Bates,
Benton, Breese, Buchanan, (.hoate, Clayton. Dayton, Ev-
ans, Fairfield, Francis, Fulton, Hannetjan, Haywood, lin-
ger, Jarnagin, Johnson, Miller, Nile*, Pearce, Porter, Sem-
ple, Sturgeon, Tappan, Upham, White, Woodbridge, Wood-
bury, and Wright—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TAPPAN did not see how he could vote for
this illegal and unconstitutional appropriation of
public money.
Mr. EVANS. Precisely as you would on nn ap-
propriation bill in any other form, to meet the obli-
gations of the government.
Mr. WOODBURY did not see anything unusual
in the appropriation. It was to make up deficien-
cies in specific funds, occasioned by an improper
disbursement of money which could not now be
recalled. The object of this appropriation—that of
making good these deficiencies, or sustaining the
good faith of the government—was a proper one;
and therefore gentlemen need have no scruple in vo-
ting for that object.
Mr. BAYARD thought the subject was made to
assume an aspect which did not properly belong to
it. It was not true to the extent assumed, that the
money had been taken out of the treasury without
authority oflaw, and improperly expended. For in-
stance: the building of four medium war steamers
was authorized by iaw, and this is one of .the foui;
and contracts are pending, to be met by this appro-
priation; and if the objects have not heretofore been
sanctioned, the appropriation gives them (he
necessary sanction of law. But the whole
thing was misapprehended. When the present
Secretary of the Navy came into office, he found
that great irregularities had existed under the admin-
istration of his predecessors; and that over-expend-
itures on one appropriation had been made good, by
creating deficencies m others, or exhausting them;
and in turn making these good out of new appropii-
ations intended altogether for different purposes.
Instead of following on in this irregular and improp-
er track, he honestly came forward to Congress, and
exposed the irregularity; stating the deficiencies m
specific funds, and how they occurred. He merely
required that all these things would be set t?ght by
Congress, that he might fulfil his duty by confining-,
in future, his expenditures to specific appropriations
in conformity to law. And would it now be proper,
at the threshold of this salutary reform, to throw any
impediment in the way?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE supposed the case was, that
contracts and expenditures nad been made contrary
to law: Congress had now to pay the money; and
there was an end to it.
The bill was read a third time; and on the ques-
tion "Shall this bill pass?" the yeas and nays having
been called for and ordered, the result was—yeas 26,
nays 15, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bayard, Buchanan, Choate,
Clayton, Colquitt, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Fulton, Hanne*
can, Henderson, Huger, Jarnagin, Johnson, Lewis, McDuf-
ne, Pearce, Porter, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Upham,
Walker, White, and Woodbury—26.
NAVS.—Messrs Allen, Archer, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Berrien, Breese, Fairfield, Haywood, Mangum, Niles,
Semple, Tappan, Woodbridge, and Wright—15.
So the bill was passed.
The Senate bill for the settlement of the northern
boundary line of Missouri, returned from the House
with sundry amendments, was, on motion of Mr.
BERRIEN, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. McDUFFIE called up the question of recon-
sideration on the vote refusing to order the bill to be
engrossed for the remission of duties on railroad
iron.
Mr. HUNTINGTON objected, on the ground
that too much time would be lost in discussing the
subject.
Mr. McDUFFIE did not think it would take ten
minutes. He understood the object of the friends
of the bill was now to amend it so as to limit the
time for importing railroad iron duty free, to that
contracted for which shall be on shipboard before a
certain day in August next. That couid not pos-
sibly affect any iron interests in the country, (as
none could be prepared to supply it before that time,)
or prevent the filling of contracts already made.
Mr. BERRIEN stated that such would be the
amendment he should propose if the vote was recon-
sidered.
Mr. BUCHANAN would as soon have the ori-
ginal bill as the amendment. He was utterly op-
posed to both, and demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone the previous orders.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted—
yeas 22, nays 22—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bagby, Berrien, Breese, Col-
quitt, Crittenden, Evans, Fulton, Henderson, Ilugor, Jarni-
gan, Johnson, Lewis, McDuftie, Phelps, Porter, Semple,
Simmons, Tallmadge, Upham, Woodbridge, and Wright
—'22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Barrow,
Bates, Bayard, Benton, Buchanan, Clajton, Dayton, Fair-
field, Francis, Hannegan, Haywood, Huntington, Man-
gum, Miller, Morehead, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
and White -22.
So the motion did not prevail.
Mr. CRITTENDEN reported back, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, the House bill mak-
ing appropriations for horses lost by Missouri
volunteers in the Florida war, without amendment,
and recommended its passage.
The bill was taken up as in committee of the
whole, considered, reported back, and read a third
time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
went into executive session, and after some time
spent therein, resumed legislative business.
On motion by Mr. HUGER, the previous or-
ders were suspended, and the question was taken
up of reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
refused to older the bill for the remission of duties
on railroad iron to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The question of reconsideration was advocated by
Mr. BERRIEN, and opposed by Messrs. BUCH-
ANAN and MILLER—the latter of whom called
for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
And it was decided that the vote should be re-
considered—yeas 19, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bagby, Berrien, Colquitt, Evans,
Francis, Henderson, Huger, Jarnogin, Lewis, McDufhe,
Pheips, Porter, Semple, Simmons, Tappan, White, Woud-
bridcje, and Wright—19.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. Atherton, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Benton, Buchanan. Dayton, Fairfield, Haywood, Hunting-
ton, Merrick, Miller, Pearce, Sturgeon, and Walker—16.
Mr. BERRIEN now moved to strike out the
words ''two years," and insert "already imported,
or shall be on board ship for impol t, under contract,
on or before the 1st of August next."
