APKSNPIX TO THB (?QyGBEASIoyAL GLOBE.
May, 18^4.
88th Gong.....1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Owen.
H, of Reps.
petitions answered only by repeated injury." Like
the United,States in 1776, Texas cast off the yoke of
a tyrant,'arid declared herself a free and independent
Republic. And at St. Jacinto, on the 21st April, 1836,
Sg&jcfceeded in making good her claim. There,
to einploy the words of Hunt, in the despatch al-
ready quoted:
"The Mexican General and President (Santa Anna) was
met by General Houston, the division he commanded in
feerson totally annihilated, he himself was made prisoner,
and became a suppliant for the poor boon of his forfeited life,
St tftehfirids of a magnanimous victor. On the 524th April,
the shattered remnant of the Mexican army, amounting in
fell to .only four thousand'worn out and dispirited wretches,
Commenced their retreat in the most miserable condition,
,aad wfere permitted to leave the country with all possible
celerity, in accordance with the terms of the armistice agreed
upon with their captive leader and his next in command.
The condition that purchased the lives of these
four thousand Mexicans was a solemn agreement,
that Mexico should forthwith recognise the independence
of Texas. Of a piece with the rest of Mexico's
conduct, is her violation of that agreement. (Note'3.)
But passing from this topic, permit me to read to you
from a letter which I received the other day, from
the present Texian Charge, Mr, Van Zandt, written
in reply to an inquiry of mine, the following brief
account of what some people call the war, that., for
' the last eight years, Mexico has waged against
Texas. Mr. Van Zandt says:
"Since the battle of St Jacinto, Mexico has never made a
formidable effort to re-subjugate Texas. Her principal war
has consisted of taunts and threats, of braggadocia bulletins
and gasconading proclamations, the only result of which
wis, the sending into the country, in the jear 1842, three
marauding parties, for the purpo.se of pillaging and harass-
ing the weak and isolated settlements on our western
border; neither of which was able to maintain its position,
triihin the,settlements, longer that tight days. The first par-
ty was composed of artillery, infantry, rancheros, and In-
dian warriors, in all about 700. Their attack was made on
the defenceless town of San Antonio. The second, con-
sisting of about 800, attacked a party of 200 emigrants at
Lipantitlan; the Mexicans were repulsed with loss, and re-
treated out of the country. The last under General Woll,
of about 1,300 men, attacked and took San Antonio a
second time, by surprise, during the session of the district
court. Bis force was composed of regulars, rancheros,
&ad Indians. During the l#st invasion, the Mexican loss
Was not less than 500. These tin ee incursions constitute the
only efforts made by Mexico against Texas 'since 1836."
It remains, in completion of this brief compen-
dium of historical facts, to notice the efforts that
Were made by our government, pending the war
between Spain and Mexico, to purchase Texas from
Mexico.
In the despatch of Mr. Clay, then Secretary of
State, dated March 26, 1825, to Mr. Poinsett, our
Mexican minister, he informs Mr. P. that the Presi-
dent (Mr. Adams) wishes him to sound the Mexi-
can government on the subject of boundary, and to
indeavor to procure that of the Rio del Norte, in-
stead of the Sabine, as "the line of the Sabine ap-
proaches our great western mart -nearer than could
be wished:" in other words, he wishes Mr. Poinsett
to endeavor to obtain from Mexico the cession of
Texas to the United States.
In a second despatch to Mr. Poinsett of. March
15,1827, Mr. Clay says he considers, the present
"an auspicious period" for settling the boundary
question; and he adds:
"The boundary which we prefer is that, which, begin-
Ring at the mouth of the Rio del Norte in the boa, shall as-
cend that river to the mouth of the river Puerco, thence
ascending this river to its source, and irom this source by a
line drawn due north to strike the Arkansas, thence follow-
ing the course of the southern bank of the Arkansas to its
source in latitude 42 degrees north, and thence, by that
parallel of latitude, to the South sea."
In other words, the boundary of Texas; and, to
obtain this boundary, he adds; "The President au-
thorizes you to offer to the government of Mexico a
)#um not exceeding one million of dollars."
This attempt to buy Texas, under Mr. Adams,
came to nothing; and in 1829, Mr. Van Buren, then
Secretary of State, was instructed by General Jack-
son to renew it. In Mr. Van Buren's despatch of
August 25, 1829, to Mr. Poinsett, he instructs him
to endeavor to obtain Texas with a boundary line
including the Spanish settlements of La Bahia and
San Antonio de Bexar, and says:
"The President authorizes you to offer to the Mexican
government for a cession according to the first mentioned
boundary, a sum not exceeding/our millions of dollars; and
so strong are his convictions outs great value to the United
•States, that he will not object, if you find it indispensably
jftecessary, to go a«? high as five millions
Again the attempt was unsuccessful; as was
another made by Mr. Forsyth, by instruction of
General Jackson, in his despatch of August 6, 1835,
to purchase Texas and five degrees of latitude on the
Pacific coast, south of Oregon—namely, from 42° to
I
37°, including the valuable harbor of St, Francisco.,
These negotiations, I may add, were conducted,
without apprising Spain of our intentions, or, m
any way, seeking to obtain her assent to the pro- ■
posed purchase. (Note 4.)
Such is a brief summary, compiled from authentic
sources, of the important facts in this case. To
what conclusions do they bring, us?
Forty years ago we received into the Union, a ter-
ritory, now called Texas; and, by a solemn treaty
stipulation^ we then pledged ourselves, before the
world, not only to France, but also to the people of
that territory, that they Should be protected by us
in their liberties, property, and religion; and should
be admitted, as soon as possible, to all the rights of
American citizens:
After adhering to this, 6Hr solemn pledge, for six-
teen years, it occurred to us, that the Flondas would
be (as truly they were) a convenient and important
addition to our Union. To obtain them, in 1819,
we gave to Spain five millions of dollars and Texas.
Did we first obtain any release from France of our
promise, that the people of the country she trans-
ferred to us should remain free and under our pro-
tection? No. Did we consult that people them-
seves, before, in violation of one treaty and by the
provisions of another, we made them, to whom and
their posterity and their successors we had guaran-
tied republican institutions, subjects of the Spanish
king? Nothing of the sort. They were not con-
sulted; they had no voice in the matter. By a dash
of the pen, for our own convenience, we deprived
them and their descendants forever (so far as with
us it rested) of those priceless blessings, which
patriot blood and treasure were once poured forth to
secure for ourselves. The Baron of feudal times
could not have treated his'villains, nor the Russian
noble of our day made over to a brother noble his
serfs, with more apparent unconcern for their rights
as men, than we displayed in our conduct to the
Texians, throughout this transaction.
But we did actually cede Texas to Spain; and
Mexico, by revolution, acquired the Spanish title;
and we confirmed to Mexico that title, by a treaty of
limits, dated January 12, 1828. And now, it is
urged upon us, that we are, andmust remain, bound
by the solemn faith of treaties to respect that title,
and refuse the offer which Texas makes to us of
annexation.
The solemn faith of treaties! Yes, we are bound
by every consideration of honor, and of national
self-respect, to observe it. But does that faith per-
mit us to select between two treaties, both ratified by
us, both equally solemn, and say, which we shall
observe, and which we shall violate? Is one treaty
to be held binding, because it dates in 1819, and
another to be set aside because it was signed in
1803? because it was Jefferson's treaty? because
the same pen which traced the immortal Declaration,
that all men have an equal right to "life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness," traeed also the solemn
promise to Texas, that her liberty, her property,
and her religion should by us be protected and main-
tained? Oris it the modern doctrine of diplomatists,
that, in executing treaties, we are to keep faith with
the rulers of the people, and break- it only with the
people themselves? that there is one faith for the
governors, and another for the governed? that we
must pause, and scrUple, and hesitate, before we
venture to trespass, even one hair's breadth, upon
the royal prerogatives of a court; yet may barter
off, without thought or doubt, unheeding promise or
pledge, the sacred rights of a nation?
This question, then, supposing ail these treaties
still valid, is one of a complicated character. If the
treaties of 1819 and 1828 forbid us to annex Texas,
the treaty of 1803 commands us to do it. But, in
point of fact, are the Irealits of 1819 and 1828, in so
far as they regard Texas, now valid?
By the treaty of 1819, we ceded Texas to the
King of Spain. Do we still consider that country,
as by treaty we then declared it, his property"' Cer-
tainly not: on the contrary, by the treaty of 1828,
we acknowledged it to be the property of Mexico.
How do we reconcile these two connecting treaties?
We say, that war, the stern arbiter of the fate of na-
tions and the ultimate decider of their rights, had
intervened; a successful war of revolution, then seven
years old, had transferred to Mexico the title, which,
in 1819, we gi anted Spain, to the territory of Texas.
Very well. Another war of revolution, equally suc-
cessful, anu now eight years old, has, in like man-
ner. transferred the Texian title from Mexico to
Texas herself. And, in the very same manner and
upon the very same principle,* as the stipulation of
the Spanish. treaty of 1819 was abrogated .by the
first'war, is that of the Mexican treaty of 1828 also
abrogated by the second.
The only reply that can be made, and that which
is actuallyma.de, to this reasoning, is, that, while in
•1828, Mexico had fully achieved her independence,
Texas in 1844 has not. But the facts give flat denial
to this argument.' ^ In 1828; not only had Spain riot
relinquished her claims to what slie ealled her prov-
ince of Mexico, but she was then actually prepar-
ing a powerful armament to reconquer' those whom
she still termed her revolted subjects; and to 1829,
as we have seen, she attacked Mexico by sea and
land. In the course of six weeks, five battles were
fought, before the invaders were repelled by Santa
Anna.
And how stands the case now, in regard to the
war between Mexico and Texas? . Upwards of eight
years have elapsed, since the time when the battle of
St. Jacinto, and the consequent articles of agreement
with Santa Anna and Filisola, freed the Texian soil
from the tread of hostile invaders. In these eight years,
as I have shown, the troops of Mexico have main tam-
ed /or hardly three weeks in all—scarcely half the time
occupied by theSpanish invasion ofMexico in 1829—
even a foothold in the territory of Texas. The
war, with the paltry exception of these three weeks,
has been, as Mr. Van Zandt well expresses it, a
war of "braggadocia bulletins and gasconading proc-
lamations." But a war, to justify its being entitled
even to the name of a war of reconquest, must be
carried on with an amount of force and a measure of
perseverance,'in some degree commensurate with the end
proposed. Now, it is absurd to pretend, that Mexico,
during these eight years, has ever, even for. a day,
employed a force which deserved any other charac-
ter than that of a mere marauding party; or which
gave her a chance, even the most remote, of re-subju-
gating Texas. Mr. Webster, opposed as he is to
annexation, appears to have taken this view of the
war. In his despatch of the 8th July, 1842, addressed
through our minister to the Mexican government,
(published in Niles's Register of July 23, 1842,) he
says, speaking of the Texians:
"Tiie battle of St. Jacinto, /ought on the 21st of April.
1836, achieved their independence; the vmrfrom that time was
at an end"
That he, and others of our Cabinet since, and the
Texians themselves, have repeatedly spoken, and still
speak, of the war as now existing, I am well aware.
And it must, in-strictness, be admitted, that what may
be termed a quasi war exists at this moment, inasmuch
as it has not been officially terminated. My asser-
tion is, that such a slumbering war of paper menaces
is not entitled to consideration as a war of re-con-
quest; nor, as I shall show by and by, can it be just-
ly deemed sufficient to perpetuate or prolong Mexi-
co's rights over Texas.
In the same despatch of Mr. Webster to which I
have just referred, occur some very strong passages,
defining our position relative to Mexico and Texas.
In reply to the complaint of the Mexican Secretary
of State, Mr. Bocanegra, that the United States
treated Texas as an independent and sovereign State,
Mr. Webster boldly declares:
"Mexico may have chosen to consider, and may still
choose to consider; Texas as having been, at all times since
1835, and as still contimiing, a rebellious province; but the
world has been obliged to take a very different tiexv of the matter.
From the time of the battle of St. Jacinto to the present mo-
ment, Texas has exhibited the same external signs of national
independence as Mexico herself, and with quite as much stabil-
ity of government. Practically free ana independent, ac-
knowledged as a political sovereignly the principal powers
of the world, no hostile foot finding rest withing her territo-
ry for six or seven years, and Mexico heisclf rejruining for all
thatperiodfrom any further attempt to re-establish her own mi-
thority&c.
Again, Mr. "Webster says:
"M. de Bocanegra appears to forget, that while the
United States are at peace with Mexico, they are also at
peace with Texas; that both stand ox the same footing;
that, since 1837, the United States have regarded Texas as an
independent sovereignty as much as Mixico" &c.
These are Mr. Webster's opinions, sir; good au-
thority my friends on the opposite side wiu "admit,
©n questions of international law. It is true Mr.
Bocanegra's captiousness may have stirred up the
lion spirit a little. He certainly did write boldly
and vigorously; but not the less truly on that ac~
count.
If these opinions of Mr. "Webster do not amount
to a declaration, that Texas is, in law as well as in
fact, an independent nation, it must at least be con-
fessed, that it requires some ingenuity to detect the
nice shade of difference.
But Mr. Webster advances closer yet towards
the main point in this case. He reminds the Mexi*
can government, that
