CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
Mr. B. explained that this ought to satisfy the
senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCHANAN disapproved of any interfer-
ence with the protection of the iron interests prom-
ised them in the act of 1842.
Mr. WHITE offered an amendment to the amend-
ment, providing for the satisfaction of judgments
obtained for duties on railroad iron.
Mr. ALLEN perceived that'there was no end to
this business of corporation avarice, upon which
the whole legislation of Congress was to be thrown
away, to the utter neglect of the business of the
country. To get rid of these mercenary corporation
contests, he moved to lay the whole subject on the
table, and called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted—
yeas 21, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Allen, Atherton, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Benton, Buchanan, Choate, Dayton, Fairfield, Haywood,
Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morchead, Pearce,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Berrien. Breese, Colquitt,
Evans, Francis, Fulton, Hannegan, Henderson, Huger, Jar-
nagin, Lewis, McDuflie, Phelps, Porter, Semple, Sevier,
Simmons, White, Woodbridge, and Wright—22.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
The subject was further debated by Messrs.
PORTER, EVANS, BERRIEN, WHITE, SIM-
MONS, MILLER, and DAYTON.
Mr. 'MERRICK moved to lay the bill on the
table; which was decided in the negative—ayes 16,
noes 17.
The subject was further discussed by Messrs.
SEVIER and EVANS, when Mr. ATHERTON
moved to adjourn, which the Senate refused to do—
ayes 19, noes 19.
The discussion was again resumed, and continued
till it was approaching midnight, when.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, a vote was taken on
the question of postponing the further considera-
tion of the subject to the second Monday in Decem-
ber next, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
20, nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Benton. Buchanan, Choate, Dayton, Fairfield, Haywood,
Huntington, Merrick, Miller, Morchead, Pearce, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury —20.
NAYS—Archer, Bagby, Berrien, Colquitt, Evans, Fulton,
Hannegan, Henderson, Huger, Jarnagin, Lewis, McDuflie,
Phelps, Porter, Sevier, Simmons, Tallrnadge, White, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—20.
The discussion was resumed for some time longer,
amidst continual calls for adjournment, until, on
motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the bill was postponed
indefinitely—yeas 2], nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Benton, Buchanan, Choate, Dayton, Fairfield, Haywood,
Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Pearce,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury—21.
NAYS—Archer, Bagby, Berrien, Colquitt, Evans, Fulton,
Hannegan, Henderson, Huger, Jarnagin. Lewis, McDuflie,
Phelps, Porter, Sevier, Simmons, Tallrnadge, White, Wood-
bridge, and Wright~20.
On motion of Mr. BARROW, the Senate bill
amended by the House, and reported back from the
Committee on the Judiciary, for the adjustment of
land claims in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama,
and Arkansas, was taken up.
Mr. BARROW moved that the Senate concur in
the House amendments.
Before any question \?as taken on this motion, the
Senate, on motion of Mr. PEARCE, at 11 o'clock,
p. m. adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 14, 1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read in part,
Mr PARMENTER moved the further reading be dispensed
"with.
Mr. G W. JONES objected, and the Clerk proceeded to
finish the reading; and it was then approved
Mr, HENRY DODGE asked permission to move the ref-
erence of Senate bill 195 to the Committee on the Ju-
diciaiy.
Mr. VANCE proposed that all the bills on the Speaker's
table should be taken up, and referred to appropriate com-
mittees. He hoped no one bill would be singled out from
the rest.
Mr. DODGE moved a suspension of the rules.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DUNLAP desired leave to lepoit a bill fiom the Com-
mittee on Commerce: objected to
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL asked leave to present certain me-
morials.
Objections were made by Messrs. SAUNDERS. REDING,
and others.
Mr. INGEllSOLL moved a suspension of the rules.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. WHITE called for the regular order of the day.
The SPEAKER announced the tirst business in order to
be the calling of committees for reports.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, to which
was referred the bill from the Senate (No. 105) entitled an
act for the relief James Ritchie, reported the same without
amendment: referred to a Committee "of the Whole House
to-morrow.
Mr. VANCE also reported back joint resolution of the
Senote entitled "A resolution concerning the copper rock
of Lake Superior," without amendment: referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VANCE, from the same committee, reported bills of
fhe following titles, viz:
No. 519. A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Alexander Mitchell;
No. 520. A bill for the relief Zachariah Lawrence, of
Ohio;
No. 521. A bill for the relief of Edward A. Lambert; ac-
companied by a report in each case; which were severally
read a first and second time, and committed to a Committee
of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported a bill (522)
for the relief of A. R. S. Hunter, accompanied by a report,
which bill was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committe of the Whole House.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Commerce, report-
ed a bill (523) for the extension of Morse's telegraph from
Baltimore to the city of New York. The bill was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. PHtfcNIX, from the same committee, reported Senate
bill entitled "An act relating to certain collection districts
and for other purposes," without amendment.
The bill was read three times, and passed.
Also, Senate bill entitled "An act to authorize the Secreta
ry of the Treasury to grant a register to the British boat
therein mentioned." It was read three times, and passed.
Mr. WINTHROP, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill entitled "An act for the relief of Benjamin
Adams & Company, and others:" referred to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back Senate bill (No. 171,) entitled "An act for the
relief of persons residing within the reputed limits of the
States of Arkansas or Louisiana, and beyond the boundary
line between the United States and the republic of Texas,
a-3 established by the commissioners appointed to ascertain
the same," without amendment. The bill was read three
times, and passed.
On motion of Mr. P. KING, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution of the
House, of 26th of February last, inquiring whether the mu-
nicipal authorities of the city of New York exact and col-
lect, from seamen entering that port, any sum, and if any,
what sum, as hospital money. Also the petition of Grinnell
Minturn & Co ; and also the petition ot C.W.Turner; and
that they be laid upon the table.
Mr. WINTHR.OP, from the ^ame committee, reported the
following resolution, which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
ot the Uaion be discharged from the consideration of House
bill (374) entitled "an act in addition tcgjie several acts regu-
lating the shipment and discharge of seamen, and the duties
of consuls," in order that it may take its place upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WINTHROP, from the same committee, reported a
bill providing for a custom house and post office at Fall
River, Massachusetts, "accompanied by a report. The bill
was read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, reported a bill (426) entitled "an act to establish
ccrtam post routes:" read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union
Mr SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported a bill (425) entitled "an act for the punishment of
certain crimes m relation to public securities." read twice,
and referred io the Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. SAUNDERS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of citizens of
Michigan and Illinois, in relation to placing the navigation
of the lakes under the maritime laws and regulations, and
that they be laid upon the table.
On motion of ? li. SAUNDERS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciarj be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Fj cinklin Whitney, and that it be laid upon the table.
On motion of Air. SAUNDERS, it was ordered that the
Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from the further
consideration oi the resolution of the legislature of the State
ot Ohio, for the removal of the summer term of the United
States circuit court from Cincinnati to Columbus, and that
it be Lnd upon the table.
Mr CATLIN, from the Committee on the Judiciary, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Benjamin S Roberts- read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr BRODI-IEAD, irom the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims. iepoi ted a bill for the relief of James I> Campbell:
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House
Mr. REpi\G, from fhe Committee on Public Expendi-
tures, reported a bill for the more economical disburse-
ment of public money, and for the settlement of public ac-
counts: read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back the following Senate bills, without am. nt-
rnent:
An act to settle the title to Pea Patch island, in the riv er
Delaware
An act authorizing persons to v> horn reservations of land
have been made under Indian treaties, to alienate the same
in fee.
They were referred to the Committee of the- Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. CROSS from the Committee on Private Land claims
reported back Senate bill entitled "An act authorizing a
patent to be issued to Joseph Campau, for a certain tract of
land in the State of Michigan, without amendment. The
bill was r§ad three times and passed,
Mr. C. JOHNSON from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
reported back Senate bills of the following titles:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of George
Duval and other Cherokees.
An act supplementary to the act entitled "An act to regu-
late trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre-
serve peace on the frontiers," passed 30th June, 1834.
The committee recommended that this latter bill do not
^They were referred to the Committee of the Whole
House. _ , m .« 4 .t
On motion of Mr. E. R. POTTER, it was ordered, that the
Committee on Private Land Claims be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Sefixino Moxa, and
also the petition of Chas. Lee and George W. Goldman, and
that they be laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. SL1DELL, it was ordered, that the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of John Lynd, and that it
belaid upon the table. .
Mr. DEBERRY, from the Committee on Agriculture,
made an adverse report upon the petition of citi7.ens of the
State of Massachusetts in relation to the operation of the
tariff upon the agriculture of the country, and the appropria-
tion of the Smithsonian bequest for the purposes of agncul-
iural education. . .
Also, an adverse report upon the petition of citizens ot
Morgan county, in the State of Illinois, praying the estab-
lishment of an agency for the inspection and purchase of
water-rotted hemp in that State.
Mr. E. R. POTTER, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to which was referred a bill of the House entitled
"A bill to amend an act confirming certain land claims in
the State of Michigan," reported an amendatory bill; and it
was ordered that the said bill be referred to a Committee of
fhe Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. C. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
reported a bill to authorize the furnishing of goods and pro-
visions by the Department of Wax to the Indian tribes.
Mr. C. JOHNSON oftered a joint resolution on the subject
offunding moneys that may be due to Choctaw Indians now
in the State of Mississippi.
On this resolution, a discussion ensued, in which Messrs.
C. JOHNSON and WHITE took part, which was terminated
by the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. TIBBATTS oftered the following joint resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and he is here-
by, authorized to enter into such arrangement or arrange-
ments with the proper authorities in France and Germany,
and the owners or agents of vessels plj ing regularly be-
tween those countries and the United States, v. hereby a
safe, and, as near as possible, regular, direct mail communi-
cation, iunder official guaranty, between the United States
and the continent of Europe—viz: the ports of Bremen, in
Germany, and Havre, in France, and such other principal
ports on said continent as the Postmaster General may
deem mostproper—shall be secured; so thatthe entire inland
and foreign postage on letters, and all other mail matter
sent over from and to the Unifed States, to and from any-
port of France and of the United States comprehended
within the German Customs Union, and of those countries
on the continent between which and France, and the said
German States there, exists a continued arrangement of the
like kind, may be paid at the place where they are respect-
ively mailed or received.
Mr. TIBBATTS remarked that he°vhad some time since
presented a memorial from certain German citizens of the
United States, by which they represented that there were
no international arrangements existing which properly se-
cured and regulated mail communications between the
United States and the continent ofEurope, who respectfully
complained that the German population m the United States
were much injured by the want of inefficient facilities for
the speedy and safe ticuibinibsion of letters papers, and par-
cels, to and from the continent, and particularly to and from
Germany, through the posts and distributing post offices of
Hamburg, Bremen, and Havre, and praying that Congress
should adopt such measures as would lead to a speedy mail
arrangement between the United States and the continent
of Europe, and Germany m particular. What action that
memorial had received from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which he had referred it. he did
not know. He supposed it had been overlooked in the mass
of business before that committee, whose time, he had un-
derstood, had been much occupied in the proposed reform
in the internal mail arrangements of the United States He
oftered this amendment now, which he thought ought to be
adopted as an act of justice to a very large and valua-
ble poition of the population of this Union It was be-
lieved thatthe number of persons who spoke the German
language in the United States could be safely estimated at
not less than 2,500,000, of whom more than 1.500,000 are
natives of German} , which is augmenting by an annual ac-
cession of from 20,000, to 30,000 new-comers. He had had
occasion to have much intercourse vwtli the German popu-
lation in the West, many bf v, hom \\ ere his constituents,
and he would not let this occasion pass without paying to
them that just tribute of respect to which their character
entitled them. He was well acquainted with their habits and
manners; many of them ueie among the most intelligent
and well educated menm the country, and, taken en masse,
he had found them af-ober, laboriously industrious, amoral,
hone-t, religious, and law-abiding people; they brought with
them large accessions of money and property to the country;
and by their industry and frugality added greatly to its im-
provement productions, and wealth. The Germans have
established about sixty newspapers in this country, which
are printed in the German language, of which about
forty are in the State of Pennsylvania alone,^a_nd the others
in the principle cities throughout the Union: amongst
them there are two m New ork three in Philadelphia,
three in Baltimore, one in Charleston, one in New Orleans,
five in Cincinnatti—of which three are daily papers
four in Pittsburgh, one m Louisville, three m St_ Louis,
one in Milwaukie, two in Buffalo, all of which are
edited by European Germans, most of them with
great ability, and advocating American sentiments.
By far the greater number of the Germans in the Lmted
i States have left relations, friends, or property, in Germany
