M*y>
28th CoKo.....1st Sess
APPBNPIX TO TltE .QQ^ffiglOffAL ■;ffLQP&
699
Annexation pf Texas—Mr- Owen.
H. of Rep?.
"Spain chose to regard Mexico only in the light of a rebel-
lious province -for nearly twenty years after she had assert-
ed her own independence-"
And he pertinently inquires:
"How lone, let it be asked, in the judgment of Mexieo
herself, is the fact of actnal independence to be held of no
avail against an-avowed purpose of future re-conquest?"
This question involves the very sum and sub-
stance of the present inquiry. That; -within a rea-
sonable period after the battle of St. Jacinto,
Mexico still retained a right, by the law of nations,
to re-conquer Texas, if she could, is true; but com-
mon sense, backed by the soundest principles of in-
ternational law, teaches us, that, in national as in pri-
vate litigation, there is(- and must ever be, a statute
of limitation. In a subsequent despatch of July 27,
1843, Mr. Upshur, in allusion to Mexico's course,
in delaying equally efficient, war with Texas and a
generous acknowledgment of her independence, as-
sumes the true position. He says:
"Mexico must take all the consequences of her long inac-
tion. If she fails to exert her power in due time, she gives to
other nations a right to suppose that she does nut mean to ex-
crtit; and, consequently, they have a right to proceed as if
her claim were abandoned"
Now, does not a lapse of eight years, unmarked
by aught save a few petty acts of plunder and massa-
cre, and a long array of bulletins filled with brava-
do, act as a complete bar to Mexico's pretensions
upon Texas? Has she not thus lost, forever, all
title to it? Might not Spain, at this day, as right-
fully claim it as she?
- Let old Grotius himself, certainly no revolution-
ist, teach us the law on this subject. Speaking of
the right of things taken in war, Grotius says:
"Moreover, by the consent of nations, things are then
said to be taken in war, when they are so detained that the first
owner has lost all prohable hopes of recovering them," $-c.—
Rights of War and Peace, vol. III., p. 90.
Again, in regard to the right of things to be re-
stored, when re-conquered, to their original owners,
(by postlimifit/; as it is called,) he adds:
"But the enemy must be understood then to bo driven out,
from the time it is plainiy evident that they cannot return."—
Ibid, vol. Ill, p. 157.
Common 3ense, the foundation of all sound inter-
national law, suggested, that a period must be as-
signed to the right of re-conquest. The right is de-
clared by Grotius to cease, when "all probable
hopes of recovery" are gone; when it is "plainly
evident," that there will be no re-conquest.
Apply this to the case of Mexico. Has she any
"probable hopes" of recovering Texas? None; not
the most distant; Mr. Webster's expression in re-
gard to the isBue of the contest, (in his despatch of
June 22, 1842) is, that "the war is not only useless
but hopeless, without attainable object." And is it
not "plainly evident," that Texas can never again
become a Mexican province? No man of common
discernment, and knowing the facts of the case, will
deny it. It follows, that, by the law of nations, Mex-
ico has utterly lost her title to texas. It fol-
lows, that Texas is, not in fact only, but in law,
free and independent. It follows, further, that if
Mexico now resume the war against Texas, it will
be, on her part, a war of invasion, not of re-con-
quest; a war wrongful, and forbidden by the law
and custom of nations.
But she may engage in such a war; and we, if we
annex Texas, may become parties to it? Undoubt-
edly. While we occupy a station among the na-
tions of the earth, we must remain subject to na-
tional contingencies. It is the lot of man to be ex-
posed to the chance of quarrel; it is the lot of na-
tions to be exposed to the chance of war. A man,
endowed with self-respect, will not be dragged into
a disreputable brawl; a nation, impressed with a
jast sense of character and a decent respect for the
'opinions of mankind, will not suffer the rashness of
its rulers to plunge it into an unjust war. But no
man and no nation can say, that a quarrel shall not
be wrongfully fastened upon them. It is enough,
and indeed all that is possible, if we avoid just cause
of quarrel. The first question, in this case, is not
whether it is dangerous to annex Texas, but wheth-
er it is wrong to do it. If it be not wrong, then the
possibility of a resort to arms, in a just cause, be-
comes a question of expediency, not of principle; a
question in which the risks of the war, its expense,
*nd similar contingencies, become the chief consid-
erations. .
I said the question of annexation, thus presented,
is not one of principle, I recall that expression.
When a people, once included in this Union, have
been cast loose from it, by no act or consent of theirs;
wberi that people, thus given over by ua to the
tender mercies of tyranny, have, with their own
good swords, wrought out once more that independ-
ence, which we, in days past, guarantied to them;
when that people, after eight years' probation to test
the permanence and legality of their emancipation
from the Mexican yoke, stretch out to us,—faithless
guardians that we have been to them!—their free
and victorious hands, and entreat of us, that we will
receive again into our great Confederacy of States,
that younger sister, whom, even in her helpless in-
fancy, we abandoned—dare we resist that appeal?
Does not annexation, in this view of it, assume the
features of a duty, rather than a right? And can
we rightfully permit the possible event of war to
conflict with that duty?—we, who, by our agency,
unscrupulously brought upon Texas oppression,
insult, plunder, and-all the-dangers and horrors of
waritselC—(Note 5.)
But let us turn even to the question of expediency;
•the sole view which will be taken by many- What
is the real danger? Much, I admit, of ink-shed and
of bluster; some perhaps, of predatory bands, that
may occasionally harass our borders; none, if we
may judge from the past, of any war, that a couple
of regiments of good Kentucky riflemen could not
terminate in a fortnight. And what is the actual
gain? Great, in a commercial point of view: still
greater, perhaps, in a military one. An essential
fraction of our own vast valley of the Mississippi re-
united to the parent country, to which it naturally
belongs, and from which it should never have been
dissevered: a base of operations, whence a hostile
power might make a descent with fatal effect on the
most vulnerable portion of our Union, secured for
ever from all foreign occupation. But why enlarge
•n such advantages? Every one sees them.
Then there are the objections! Even if the ab-
stract right be on our side, is not something, we are
asked, due to national courtesy? Even at considera-
ble sacrifice, should we not labor to preserve friend-
ly relations with our neighbors of Mexico?
Peace is ever worth a sacrifice. But these same
Mexican neighbors of ours have seemed to me,
ever since I remember anything of public affairs, ab.
solutely bent upon breaking with us at last. Our
diplomatic intercourse .with them for the last twenty
years has been little else than a continued series of
aggressions and complaints. Mr. Van Buren, cer-
tainly no captious or quarrelsome statesman, wrote
thus, in his despatch of October 16, 1829, to our
Mexican minister:
"The President is deeply and painfully impressed with the
unfriendly and undeserved conduct of Mexico towards us, her
neighbor and sister republic; and his only hopes of an im-
provement in our present relations with hei, are founded on
her being made duly and deeply sensible of the injustice
which, under the influence of bad counsel, she has been in-
duced to do her earliest and best friend."
These remonstrances were wholly unavailing;
and in 1837, things had gone so far, that President
Jackson, adverting in his special message of Febru-
ary 26, to the many efforts that had been made to
urge on Mexico redress of grievances complained of,
adds:
"The length of time since some of the injuries have been
committed, the repeated and unavailing applications for re-
dress, the wanton character of some of the outrages upon
the person and property of our citizens, upon the officers
and flag of the United States, independent of recent insults
to tins Government and people, by the late extraordinary
Mexican minister, would justify, in the eyes of all nations, ira-
mediate war."
And he recommends:
"That an act be passed authorizing reprisals, and the use
of the naval force of the United States by the executive
against Mexico, &.C."
Nor has the conduct or tone of Mexico towards
us, been faltered of'late years. Mr. de Bocan-
egra's vaporing pretension and Mr. Webster's bit-
ter and spirited rebuke (already alluded to) are still
fresh in the memory of all, who have followed up
the history of our foreign relations.
And is it to such a nation, peevish and litigious as
she has ever shown herself, that we are bound now
tenderly to evince that forbearing courtesy, which we
dreamed not of extending to Spain, in 1825, and 1827,
and 1829, when, without her privity or concurrence,
and pending an actual war between her and Mexico,
we sought to purchase from her revolted province,
that very territory, which, but ten years before, we
ourselves had ceded and confirmed to the Spanish
King? Admirable consistency! Most courteous
stretch of diplomatic politeness!
Oh for an infusion of that brave and sturdy spririt
of independence, American in the best sense of the
term, and once the characteristic of our counsels,
Ito season and fortify them now! To Henry Clay—
not the hero of a recent Convention, upon the sense-
lejs pageants- and empty parades of which, the spirits
of the Revolutionary Fathers, could they rise from
their graves, would gaze in mingled wonder and
sorrow ahd disgust; not the man who tamely shrinks
from the Texas question, but boldly stakes fame and
political life on the annexation to our republican^gov-
ernment, of a national bank—not that Henry Clay,
but another—the Hf.kry Clay of history; he whosa
name still shines upon us, in. all its brightness, from
out the obscurity of the past; the indignant defender
of Jefferson; the democratic speaker of a democratic
House of Representatives; the bold," pioneer advo-
cate of South American independence; the man, to
whom an admiring nation eagerly applied the lines:
"His mind was an essence, compounded with art,
Of the brightest and best of all other men's powers;
He could rule, like a wizard, the world of the heart,
And call up its sunshine, and bring down its showers!"
—To that Henry Clay, even from his present self,
let us appeal! Let a voice from his better days re-
call us to a becoming spirit, in a crisis like this !
These, on the 24th of March, 1818, when speak-
ing of our duty towards the infant States of South
America, were Mr. Clay's words:
"I am no propagandist. I would not seek to force upon
other nations our principles and our liberty, if they do not
desire them. I would not disturb the repose even of a de-
testable despotism* But if an abused and oppressed people
will their freedom; if they eeek to establish it; if, in truth,
they have established it, we have a right, as a sovereign pow-
er, to notice the fact, and to act as circumstances and our in-
terest requii e.M
And again,in the same speech:
"I see, and I own it with infinite regret, n tone and a feel-
ing, in the counsels of this .country, infinitely helow that
which belongs to the country. We are alarmed at dangers, we
know not what; at spectres, conjured up by our own vivid
imaginations.^
This is as true and as appropriate, now in 1844,
as ever it was in 1818. Prance, Belgium, Holland,
and England herself, have recognised the inde-
pendence of Texas. England has, in addition,
concluded with her a treaty of commerce; and, as
Lord Aberdeen, in his despatch of December 23,
1843, officially declares, has even "put herself for-
ward in pressing the government of Mexico - to ac-
knowledge Texas as independent." And, after all
these evidences of national opinion, extorted in fa-
vor of Texas even from the right-divine monarchies
of Europe, shall we, democrats as we call ourselves,
lag behind, when it is our place to lead, the public
sentiment of the world? Shall the spectre of tory
legitimacy scare us from our just purpose? If such
had been the spirit in '76, these United States might
have been British colonies still!
But our assent to annexation, it may be argued, is
asked upon false grounds. We are made the apolo-
gists of the abstract principle of involuntary servitude.
A member of the Cabinet declares, in connexion
with this question, that southern slavery is, not a
lamentable though at present a necessary evil, but
a positive good. That is not my affair. I regard
that opinion—with unfeigned deference and deep
respect for the man, but freely and boldly I say it—
as the master-error of a splendid mind. If it should
ever be proposed, even by indirection, to make this
republic the head of a League ofNations having for
its object to perpetuate bondage over any class or
race of men, the idea, abhorrent to freedom, will
find no echo, in the free States at least, ofthi&Umon;
nor many supporters, I truly believe, even in the
South. Some of our slave States, unprompted save
by their own deliberate convictions, would already,
in all human probability, have taken measures to rid
themselves gradually of what they feel to be an in-
creasing evil, had not the uncalculating spirit of
modern-abolitionism, by her blind precipitancy,
dashed down the growing purpose ere it ripened to
action. How, then, should they recognise slavery
as a blessing, to be cherished ana perpetuated? No.
We will inviolably respect the State rights of the
South; we will, at all risks to ourselves, protect her
property; and, as a station whence that property
might be endangered, we find additional reason why
Texas should become part and parcel of the Union;
but to eulogize slavery, to aid in plans for its perpet-
uation, that we cannot do! If, by any one, annex-
ation should be defended upon grounds like that,
we have but to say, that he gives a bad reason for
doing a good thing. It is no more necessary that
Texas should be annexed, (if it be annexed,) for
such a reason, than it is necessary that the proposi-
tion should be rejected, (if it be rejected,) in the
spirit which dictated some recent stanzas, of great
power, but of evil and disorganizing spirit, from a
New England pen; in which the writer speaks of
