686
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ed unless the gentleman from Ohio yielded the floor; and
then only by general consent.
Mr. VINTON consented to yield tiif floor; but objections
Were made to the reception of the resolution at this time.
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rules.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution was adopt-
ed.
Mr. VINTON then rose and proceeded with his remarks
(which had been suspended during the recess,) inropposition
to the pending amendment.
He was replied to by Mr. "WHITE, who advocated the
amendment.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN moved the previous question, and
made some remarks in explanation of the amendment.
Mr. BURKE moved to lay the bill on the table; which was
rejected—yeas 81, nays 85.
The question was then put on the passage of the bill, and
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 84.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
HoriciNS in the chair.)
The Committee took up bill no 309, being "a bill to enable
the War Department to apply certain balances of appropri-
ations and for other purposes;" which, after being consid-
ered, was laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. HARPER moved that the Committeee take up the bill
making appropriations for the continuance of the Cumber-
and Road in the States of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois.
On this motion, tellers were called for, and Messrs. Greei*
and Haralson were appointed; and they reported 54 in the
affirmative, and 47 in the negative, being less than a
quorum.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up the appro-
priation bills on the Speaker's table, which were entitled to
precedence.
A point of order was raised, but was overruled by the
Chairman, and the Committee took up the bill making ap-
propriation for naval pensions, which had come back from
the Senate with some amendments.
The first amendment was one making an appropriation of
$10,000, for the relations of those persons that were lost in
the Grampus and Seagull.
Mr McKAY said he was opposed to this expenditure; but
as the pensions had been authorized by law, it was neces-
sary that provision should be made for them, and hence the
Committee of Ways and Means recommended a concurrence
with the Senate's amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr McKAY said there were various other amendments,
which he would explain together, to obviate a separate ex
planation as each amendment came up for the action ot the
committee. He then went into a lengthened explanation, and
was followed in some remarks by Messrs. J R. INGER-
SOLL, SEYMOUR of New York, CAUS1N, and BAR-
NARD.
Mr. McKAY offered an amendment to the second amend-
mentof the Senate;whichwas adopted.
Mr. VANCE offered another amendment providing for the
payment to the Cherokee nation of the amount due them un-
der the fifth article of the treaty; being m payment for the
improvements upon the lands purchased fiom them by the
government.
This amendment was opposed by Messrs McKAY and St.
JOHN, on the ground that the appraisement of the value of
those improvements was exce^ivc, and that a new ap-
praisement had been ordered.
The question being put on the adoption of the amend-
ment, tellers were called for, and appointed. They reported
the votes as follows: 67 in the affirmative, and in the
negative. The amendment was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, the following amend-
ment was agreed to:
"Piovided, That nothing shall be paid for any improve-
ment without the limits of the reserve."
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was then
adopted.
Air. McKAY moved to reduce the third amendment of the
Senate from $27,386 89 to $3,992 1% it being for inteie&t
due where the government was not authorized to make an
investment.
This amendment was agreed to, and the amendment, as
amended, concuried in.
The remaining amendments were concuired in, and the
bill was laid aside to be ienoited.
The committee then took up the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the army appropriation bill; and after concunmg in
seveial of the amendments, the following amendments were
disagreed to:
For armament to fortifications, $100,000.
For purchase of a lot of ground near Newport, Kentucky,
$o,000
The bill was then laid aside to be repoited.
The committee then took up the Senate's amendments to
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and alter con-
curring in several amendments, the following amendments
were disagreed to:
"A proviso that when the office of chief of the Bureaus of
Construction and Repairs and of Provisions and Clothing
shall be filled by a captain m the navy, the compensation
shall be the same as that of the chief of the Bureau of
Navy Yards and Docks, and appropriating $1,000 lor ar-
rears."
"For compensation of the assistant surgeon m the office of
the Surgeon General, $1,400."
"For compensation to the superintendent of the Post Office
building two years, at the rate of $:250 per annum."
"For surveys ol the public lands $162,000, instead of
000 as appropriated by the House."
"For outfit to Commodore Porter, as resident minister to
Turkey, to be paid to his widow, $6,000."
Many other amendment were acted upon, some of which
were agreed to, and on others the committee disagreed.
The appropriationfor lighting Pennsylvania avenue, in the
city of Washington, was not agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, an appropriation of $4,500
was introduced as an outfit for a charge to Belgium, Mr.
Hilyard being about to return.
Mr. PATTERSON here upoke at some length on thetanfl,
ana soin§ &io(h'ed subjects, Th<? tariff was a means to eo!<
lect revenue wlych this bill disbursed; and hence the ap-
propriateness of his comments.
After speaking some time, he said he was unwilling to
consumejtoo much of the time of the committee, at "this
*late period, and he i-esumed his seat amidst loudciiesof
"Go on."
Several amendments of the Senate, by which it was pro-
posed to increase the compensation" of the watchmen in the
several departments, were disagreed to
The item of $275,000, to purchase a building in Philadel-
phia, formerly occupied as the United States Bank, for a
custom house, was disagreed to.
The amendment in relation to the Compendium of the 6th
census was disagreed'to.
The committee then lose and ieported thebills which had
been acted up © n, to the House
On motion by Mr HAMMET, the House took up the bill
to authorize the War Department to apply certain bal-
ances of appropriations, and for other puipo es, and the
same was read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr McKAY, the army appropriation bill
was taken up, and the agreements and disagreements of the
Committee of the Whole to the Senate's amendments were
concurred in.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill was taken up. and the agreements and disa-
greements of the Committee of the Whole to the Senate's
amendments were concurred in.
Mr. P. B. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the vote m
passing the bill for the adjustment of land titles in Arkansas,
Louisiana, Mississippi, and Missouri,
Mr. WHITE raised the question whether the motion was
in order.
On motion by Mr. SUMMERS, and at half-past 10 o'clock,
p. m,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 15, 1844.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, the reading
of the journal w s dispensed with.
The House bill making appropriations for certain
objects of expenditure therein named, in the year
ending 30th June, 1844, was read a third time, and
Mr. FOSTER presented the memorial of citizens
of Pennsylvania, m relation to changing the law of
naturalization to twenty-one years, to constitute
citizenship for aliens. In performing the duty re-
quired of him—that of presenting the memorial—he
purposely abstained from committing himself on
this question. When it came up next session—as
it had been intimated it would—he should be pre-
pared to act upon it. His feelings were favorable
to the largest liberty which formed the distinguish-
ed feature of our glorious institutions: laid on the
table.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the previous or-
ders were suspended, and the House bill to test the
utility of the submarine telescope was taken up,
considered, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back the bill for the relief of Lund Wash-
ington, and recommended its passage.
Mr. WOODBURY said that, sometime ago, he
had submitted a joint resolution, now on the table,
in relation to commercial statistics; and with the
leave of the Senate, he should now submit, and ask
its adoption, a resolution referring that joint resolu-
tion to the consideration of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to whom had been referred the proposi-
tion of the House concerning the establishment of a
bureau of statistics. The resolution, as follows,
was adopted:
Resohed, That tlio joint resolution providing for addi-
tional items m the commercial statistics, be referred to the
Secretary of the, Treasury for examination into the utility ot
the proposed changes, and torepoit thereon at tlie next
session.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following
resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the manuscript maps now in the commit-
tee room ot the Committee oil Public Lands, originally in-
tended to exhibit the several land districts of the United
States, and heretofore furnished to the said committee for
its use, be delivered to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office; and that said Commissioner be directed to
cause the same to be completed, so far as the public sur-
veys have progressed since the same were prepared; that
the boundaries of each land district and State, which
such districts respectively may be established, be protract-
ed and laid down thereon, and tliat the same, or such new
ones as may be necessary, in order that all land districts, as
they were by law to exist, may be properly exhibited,'be
caused by the said commissioner to be returned to the
committee room, so corrected and finished, or made, prior
to the next meeting of Congress.
Also the following; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of State be directed to
cause to be prepared, and to tiansmit to the governor of
Michigan, for the use of said State, an authenticated chart
with such tield notes, or other memoranda, as may be ne-
cessary, to exhibit the location of the national boundary
of the United States, so far as the same constitutes also the
boundary of Michigan.
geitjurtlf.rnsotced, That the said Secretary transmit,
as aforesaid, such additional number of said charts, duly
authenticated as aforesaid, as may he necessary to furnish
each county of said State bordering upon the said national
boundary, "wiih one copy, to be deposited respectively in
the highest court of record thereof, for the use of the au-
thorities And people thereof.
amendment of the constitution.
Mr. BENTON asked the leave for which he had
given notice on Wednesday, to bring in a joint reso-
lution for the amendment of the constitution of the
United States in relation to the" election of President
and Vice President, and prefaced his motion with
an exposition of the principle ajid details of the
amendment which he proposed to offer. This ex-
position, referring to a speech which he had made
in the year 1824, and reproducing it for the present
occasion, can only be analyzed in this brief notice.
Mr. B. said he found himself in a position to
commence most of his speeches with "twenty years
ago!"—a commencement rather equivocal, and lia-
ble to different interpretations in the minds of dif-
ferent persons; for, while he might suppose himself
to be displaying sagacity and foresight in finding a
medicine for the cure of the piesent disorders of
the state in the remedies of prevention which he
had proposed long since, yet others might under-
stand him in a different character, and consider him
as belonging to the category of those who, in that
long time, had learnt nothing, and had forgot
nothing. So it might be now; for he was endeav-
oring to revive a proposition which he had made
exactly twenty years before, and for the revival of
which he deemed the present time eminently propi-
tious The body politic was now sick; and the pa-
tient, in his agony, might take the medicine as a
cure, which he refused, when well, to take as a pre-
vention.
Mr. B. then proceeded to state the object and
principle of his amendment, which was, to dispense
with all intermediate bodies in the election of Presi-
dent and Vice President, and to keep the election
wholly in the hands of the people; and to do this by
giving them a direct vote for the man of their choice,
and holding a second election between the two high-
est, in the event of a failure in the first election to
give a majority to any one. This was to do away
with the machinery of all intermediate bodies to
guide, control, or defeat the popular choice; whether
a Congress caucus, ot a national convention, to dic-
tate the selection of candidates; or a body of electors
to receive and deliver their votes; or a House of
Representatives to sanction or frustrate their choice.
Mr. B. spoke warmly and decidedly in favor of
the principle of his proposition, assuming it as a
fundamental truth to which there was no exception,
that liberty would be ruined by providing any kind of
substitute for popular election! asserting that all elec-
tions would degenerate into fraud and violence if
any intermediate body was established between
the voters and the object of their choice,
and placed in a condition to be able to con-
trol, betray, or defeat that choice. This funda-
mental truth he supported upon arguments, drawn
from the philosophy of government, and the
nature of man, and illustrated by examples taken
from the history of all elective governments which
had ever existed. He showed that it was the law
of the few to disregard the will of the many, when
they got power into their hands; and that liberty
had been destroyed wherever intermediate bodies
obtained the direction of the popular will. He
quoted a vast number of governments, both ancient
and modern, as illustrations of this truth; and re-
ferred to the period of direct voting in Greece and in
Rome as the giand and glorious periods of popular
government, when the unfettered will of the people
annually brought forward the men of their own
choice to administer their own affairs, and when
those people went on advancing from year to year,
and produced every thing great in arts and in arms—
in public and in private life—which then exalted
them to the skies, and still makes them fixed stars
m the firmament of nations. He believed in the
capacity of the people for self-government, but they
must must have fair play—fair play at the elections,
on which all depended; and for that purpose should be
free from the control of any intermediate, irrespon-
sible body of men.
At present, (he said,) the will of the people wag
liable to be frustrated in the election of their chief
officers, (and that at no less than three different
stages of the canvass,) by the intervention of small
bodies of men between themselves and the object of
their choice. First, at the beginning of the process,
in the nomination or selection of candidates. A
