June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
701
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
finally surrendered themselves as prisoners of war; a num-
ber oj whom were afterwards deliberately shot; while the re-
mainder have been sometimes immured in dungeons with
convicts and felons, and at other times chained, inpairs, have
been compelled to work upon the sheets under the most cruel
treatment"
Such atrocities committed in violation of all the laws by
which the custom of civilized nations is wont to mitigate
the horrors of modem war, constitute no reason why we
should fail in the minutest item of whatever .good faith de-
mands of us towards Mexico; but, to my .thinking; it is
carrying ideas of national courtesy somewhat beyond rea-
sonable bounds, to pretend, that a powerihus reckless and
cruel is entitled, at our hands, to especial favor and punctili-
ous forbearance.
m EXECUTIVE SESSION.
SPEECH OF MR. BEREIEN,
OF GEORGIA.
In Senate, June 8, -1844—On the treaty for the annexation of
Texas.
Mr. President: I desire to state as briefly as maybe the
views which I entertain on this question. The inquiry
which this treaty presents to us is this: Shall the citizens of
Texas be incorporated into this Union, maintained and pro-
tected by us in the free enjoyment of their liberty and prop
erty, ana admitted as soon as may be consistent with the
principles of our constitution to the enjoyment of all the
rights, privileges, and immunities of citizens of the United
States? Shall we adopt them into our political family, fig;ht
their battles, assume and pay their public debts and liabili-
ties, however created, and for whatever amount, for which
the faith or credit of their government may be bound at the
time of the exchange of the ratifications of the treaty under
discussion, and this in consideration of a cession to the
United States, by the President and Senate of Texas, of the
territory of that State, with all the appendages and appurte-
nances belonging to it? Sir, this is a grave question, and
requires to ue seriously considered. Considerations of
awakening interest, of great$delicacy, of pressing impor-
tance, are involved in it. The feelings and interests of the
individual States which constitute this confederacy—of
the confederacy itself—of Mexico, and of other States con-
nected with Texas by treaties, require to be kept in view in
determining upon this instrument, submitted to us as it has
been, for our advice and consent, as a part ot the treaty-
making power. ,1 have a distinct view of what my duty
requires from me on this occasion, and that I may state it
to the Senate with greater simplicity, I desire first to re-
move from the discussion certain suggestions which do not
influence my judgment, however elaborately and with
whatever earnestness they may have been dwelt upon in
this debate.
And first, Mr. President, I desire to say that T do not par-
ticipate m some of the doubts, and fears, and hopes which
have been expressed in the course of this discussion, and
presented with a degree of earnestness which was well
calculated to show their importance in the estimation of
those who urged them. However we may differ on the
suggestions which have been thus made, the gravemen of
this question, the gist of tiiis inquiry, lies beyond them.
There are, in my judgment, other considerations winch
must decide, and that conclusively, the advice which we
are" to render to the President in relation to this reply.
I begin then, sir, by saying that I do not doubt the right
of this government to acquire territory; and that, with
whatever earnestness that right has been contested in this
debate, I consider it so clear m principle, so settled by judi-
cial decision and by legislative precedent, and so universal-
ly recognised both by the government and people ofthe
United States, that I shall not occupy much time in its con-
sideration. The right to acquire territory beemS to nie to
be a necessary incident of sovereignty, unless it be express-
ly inhibited by the constitution ofthe State. Asoveieign
State, invested with the power to declare offensive, and
charged with the obligation to maintain defensive, var, and
with the consequent power to terminate hostilities by trea-
ty, must have the right, if its interests, and especially if its
safety require it, to stipulate for the retention of the fruits
of its victories; of territories which its arms have conquer-
ed. If Texas should be reduced to subjection by, and re-in-
corporated with, Mexico, and we therafter, becoming en-
gaged in war with that power, should conquer Texas, it
cannot, I think, be efcmbted that nothing in our constitution
would forbid us, in terminating the hostilities by treaty, to
avail oursehes df the principle of the uti possidetis, and to
retain the territory of Texas as a lawful prize, won in the
prosecution of a lawful war.
Independently, however, ofthe right of acquiring territo-
ry, thus obviously decucible from the power to declare w ar,
the treaty-making power necessarily includes it That
poweri granted in genera! terms, embraces all those objects
which had been ordinarily subjected to its exercise in the
intercourse of nations. .It may he, and is restrained by the
provisions of the constitution which confers it; but in the
absence of such restraining provision, it must be left to ope-
rate on all the subjects of otdinary diplomatic compact. For
example: the treaty-making power does not extend to the
dismemberment of the Union, because the constitution was
formed for the whole—the Union of the States was declared
to be perpetual, and each one is entitled through all time, (at
least so long as the constitution endures.) to enjoy the con-
stitutional guaranty, which secures to it a republican form
of government. "1 he exercise of that pow er, in a treaty of
boundary, the result of which ^sto transfer to aforeign na-
tion a portion of territory which had theretofore been con-
sidered as apart of one of the States of this Union, does not
conflict with this proposition. Such treaty only ascertains
the pt'e-existing right. "When that is deterrniiifd. and the
limits defined, the territory in the possession of either party
which is yielded to the other, is so yielded m conformity to
that pre-existing right; not ceded as territory which had
been theretofore rightfully held, but yielded up a territory
which, had been theretofore wrongfully withheld.
The power to acquire territory by treaty, however, ex-
ists, bec&MSO tHe constitutional grpntis general-!) eeouse
this is one of the ordinary subjects of that power, and be-
cause no conflicting clause ofthe constitution forbids its ex-
ercise. Thus to refer as before: if Texas should he sub-
jected, and become again incorporated with Mexico, we
might lawfully acquire it by treaty with that power, unless
some provision of her own constitution should forbid, the
transfer.
I find this proposition of the right of this government to
acquire territory distinctly asserted by Judge Johnson, in
the circuit court of the United States for South Carolina,
and confirmed by Chief .Justice Marshall, pronouncing the
decision of the Supreme Court-in the same case. (Amer.
Ins. Co. vs. Carter, I Pet. J. C. R. 511, 641.) Nor was this,
as has been s uggested, a mere obiter opinion, hastily thrown
out; yet even then, though not binding on inferior judicato-
ries, it would have been entitled to respect as the opinion of
two eminent jurists. It was, however, upon a point in issue,
and of the very essence ofthe controversy.
The acquisition of Louisiana from France, and of the
Floridas from Spain, more especially the ratification of the
latter treaty by the unanimous vote of the Senate, notwith-
standing the doubts which had been previously expressed
on the question of constitutional power, and the concurring
action of Congress in carrying these'treaties into effect,
seem to place this question at rest, so far as the action of
the legislative and executive departments can so place it.
Mr. President, if this government can lawfully acquire
foreign territory, as from this brief view of the question I
apprehend it can, the right to govern territory thus lawfully
acquired is conferred by the constitution, in the grant of
power to "make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory or other properly belonging to the United
States."
It seems equally clear that such territory may be organ-
ized into States, without straining the constitutional provis-
ion which declares in general terms that "newStates may be
admitted by the Congress into this Union." The obligation
to do this, ia the case of Louisiana and Florida, resulted
from the express stipulations of the respective treaties, the
validity of which, as we have seen, has been acknowledged
by all departments of the government. It may. I think, be
added, that the subjection of a people, over whom dominion
had been acquired by treaty with a foreign power, to per-
petual vassalage, limiting them to the imperfect rights
which alone they could enjoy as a territory, would be utter-
ly inconsistent with the genius and spirit of our free institu-
tions. Satisfied with this view ofthe question, I do not enter
into the argument which seeks to determine the extent of
the powever to admit new States into the Union, by having
the nistory of the grant through the proceedings of the
convention which conferred it.
I may remark, however, as illustrative of the principle
for w hich I have been contending, that this power to ac-
quire territory was not vested in Congress by the articles of
' Confederation. The case of Canada w as expressly provided
for, but no other colony could be admitted without the con-
sent of nine States. Yet the power was exercised, territorial
governments were formed, and a pledge given for the ad-
mission of new States. We learn, indeed, from the Federal-
ist, that this power was denied, but we'learn also tint its ex-
ercise was acquiesced in. It was so acquiesced in because
it was necessary even to so limited a sovereignty as the
Confederation. (See the Federalist 38,42,43; 3 Story's Com.
Const. 186.)
To the argument which contends against the existence of
this power, from its liability to abuse, and the danger that
in its exercise the balance of the Union may be destroyed,
the answer seems obviously to be, that every powe** in its
abuse maybe dangerous to those who con] t it, ar.dthat this
appears to be sufficiently guarded. It territory thereafter to
be organised into a State be acquired by tiefty, tl:< content
of the executive and of two-thirds ofthe S^ate:,, by th(,:r rep-
resentatives in this chamber, must first be obtained; and, for
its admission as a State, the concurrence of the executive,
with both branches ofthe national legislature. If Congress,
in the exercise of any power conferred by the uoastitution,
can make such acquisition—concerning which it is not ne-
cessary now to express an opinion—the like securities exist.
Certainly it ought not to be exerted without the consent of a
majority of our people. The result of this discussion, I
trust, will show tha. the power may exist, and that, too,
without danger to the public interest.
I am not, then, deterred from giving my vote for the ratifi-
cation of this treaty from any doubt ot the power of this
government to acquire foreign territory when that can be
done consistentlygwith the rights of others; and, although I
consider it to be a very grave question, still I do not enter-
tain the fears which here and elsewhere have been express-
ed as to the consequences which will result from its agita-
tion. I have no fear that the advocates of disunion, if there
beany such, (I incline to think they are almost as lare as
Atheists,) 1 have no fear that their unholy projects will be
advanced by the free discussion of it. I do not apprehend
that it can be rendered subseivient to the purposes of party.
The attempt will probablv be made, but I tlunk it muut fail.
Happily, the two distinguished individuals who occcupy the
most prominent position in their respective parties have
concurred in reprobating this last desperate effort of politi-
cal intrigue for the presidency as inconsistent with national
honor, and incompatible, therefore, with the true interests
of the notion Enough, too, has been already disclosed in
the discussions of this chamber to show that other individu-
als, equally distinguished and equally differing on other
great questions of public policy, will unite in vindicating
that honor and those interests in this controversy. It can-
not, therefore, be made a mere party question, a* between
the only two parties which really exist in the country, and
the senseless cry of "Tyler and Texas" will be bruued in
vain.
Of British interference in any maimer which ought to in-
fluence our judgments in determining upon this treat} I
have not the slightest apprehension We have ihe distinct
assurance of Lord Aberdeen, formally communicated to us
through the Department of State, that such is not the pur-
pose of that government—an assurance which would hard-
ly have been given, thus voluntarily and unsought, if it had
been intended to incur the imputation of bad faith by its vio-
lation;one, too, which we cannot disregard without viola-
ting the'eomity which exists between nation*. But, lade-
pendfintlv of this deelaiaUou, yex&i has, nothing to
Great Britain which can compensate her for the cessation of
those friendly .relations which she now happily maintains
with us. As a colony, that State cannot be desirable to the
British government, even if a people, nursed in the lap of
freedom and accustomed to selt-government, could submit
to such a state of vassalage; and the peculiar domestic insti-
tutions of Texas, which cannot be tolerated fey Great Brit-
ain nor yielded by men who have grown up with them from
infancy, will forever forbid such union. The most that can
be apprehended if this treaty shall be rejected-is, that those
two States may draw closer their commercial relations, per-
haps unfavorably to us. Even of this there is little danger,
when the grounds of present rejection shall come' to be
calmly considered by the Texian people, under the influ-
ence of those feelings which, despite of the excitement of
the moment, will not permit them to abandon the hone of
ultimate union with the land of their nativity. It will be
time enough when it becomes necessary to do so to protest
against European interference in the political relations of
the States of the continent. I am as little influenced by
another suggestion which is made to awaken our fears of
the consequences which may result from our refusal to con-
sent to the immediate- annexation of Texas. We are told
that it is invaluable as a military position, that Texas, in the
possession of, or under the control of a foreign power, will
afford a dangerous inlet to our southwestern frontier, and
we are admonished not thus to expose "ourselves to the as-
sault of an enemy.
Now, sir, I am not a military man, and would not hold
lightly the counsels of military science and experience, if
indeed this suggession emanates from any such source. But
I think there are considerations - open even to the observa-
tion of the unlearned in that science, which may serve to
show its fallacy. Along the coast of Texas there is but a
single harbor of any consequence—that of Galveston—and
even that may not be entered by vessels of considerable
burden. It would be difficult therefore to land an invading
force on that coast. It would be still more difficult, I ap-
prehend, to march it across the Sabine, resisted as it would
be by the myriads of freemen, who, by the. facilities of
transportation which the Mississippi affords, would be pre-
cipitated upon it. If, with the inlet afforded by Canada, and
our then comparatively imperfect means of defence, we
were able to resist the assaults of Great Britain on our Can-
adian border in the war of eighteen hundred and twelve,
we have. I think, little to fear at this day from any foreign
nation seeking to assail us through the medium of Texas.
Detroit has much more to apprehend than New Orleans.
But, if not as, a military put-post, still, in the obstructions
which it will present to the collection of our revenue, by
the facilities which it will afford to the smuggler, we are
admonished ot the importance of ratifying this treaty. Mr.
President, this is an extraordinary suggestion to be pre-
sented to the consideration of American statesmen, on an
occasion like this. Here is a grave question, whether a
foreign State shall be admitted into the American Union,
incorporated into our political family, made participant in
our birthright, sharers with us in the precious inheritance
which we have received irom our patriot sires—whether
we shall take herto our arms, with the pledge and the obli-
fation to maintain and protect her, to pay her debts, and to
ghther battles; and the argument to induce us to do all
this is, that, if it be not done, she will be assistant to smug-
glers in obstructing the collection of our revenue.
Was ever nation with such motive woo'd?
^ Was ever nation by such motive won?
Sir. I could not be influenced by such a consideration, if
the fact were as the suggestion represents it; nay, if all
Texas were to combine to co operate with the smuggler, I
would rather await the crisis, and exercise the rights with
which such conduct would invest us. But I refer again to
Canada. We have guarded against the smuggler the long
line of our Canadian frontier, imperfectly it may be, but still
so as not seriously to affect our revenue It will be a less
difficult task on the banks of the Sabine.
Mr. President, 1 cannot be induced, under the influence of
these doubts or fears to go hoodwinked into this union, and
1 am as little moved by the hopes which southern men es-
- cciallv. it is said, are bound to cherish. When the Ameri-
can people have time deliberately to examine the question
of Texian annexation, free fiom the excitcmentof a presi-
dential canvass, and relieved from the belief that it was
specially got up for that occasion—that it was the famous
"trump-card" which we have been admonished that the in-
cumbent held in his hand, waiting only the occasion to play
it to the most advantage—it will be found to be neither a
northern nor a southern question, but one in which the
whole Union, whether for weal or wo, is alike and equally
interested. Indeed, sir, I shall not be surprised if the ultras
in this controversy shall hereafter change sides. That,
however, is speculation, and has relation to the future. It
concerns me at present, as a southern man, to know wheth-
er southern interests will be peculiarly advanced by the
ratification of this treaty.
I propose," then, the inquiry in these three aspects, which
I suppose will cover the whole ground. Will southern in-
terests be advanced by the annexation of Texas—
1. Politically?
% Pecuniarily?
3. With inference to the peculiar domestic institutions of
the South7
I cannot disguise from myself the fact that this measure
has been opposed and advocated under the influence of the
fear and the hope that it would increase the political power
of the South 18 the councils of the Union; nor am 1 dis-
posed to quarrel with the feeling which piompts to this mode
of considering the question. It is certainly more desirable
to cherish that other sentiment which looks to the codntry,
the whole cotlntry. ana nothing but the countrywhich
would draw closer the bonds that unite us as cue people;
which would prompt ti<? to feel that though our eir-plov-
ments are various, our interests are identical; which would
induce us to silence every merely sectional feeling in the
reflection that the woild does now, and that posterity will
hereafter judge us as one people Still, it is an impulse of
our nature to desire to preserve our individual strength,
however close the union which we may form with another;
and I am willing that is should have its way. But does not
the North indulge unnecessary fears? .Does not the South
yield iiswf to delusive flopfts oq tills subjC-i'* Can
