CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6W
Congress caucus formerly, and ft national now,
govern and control that nomination; and never fail,
When they choose, to find pretexts for substituting
their own will for that of the people. Then a body
of electors, to receive and hold the electoral votes,
and who, it cannot be doubted, will soon be expert
enough to find reasons for a similar substitution.
Then the House of Representatives may come in at
the conclusion, to do as they have done heretofore,
and set the will of the people at absolute defiance.
The remedy for all this is the direct vote, and a
second election between the two highest, if the first
one failed. This would operate fairly and rightful-
ly. No matter how many candidates then appeared
in the field. If any one obtained a majority of the
whole number of votes, the popular principle was
satisfied; the majority had prevailed, and acquiesence
was the part of the minority. If no one obtained
the majority, then the first election answerd the pur-
pose of a nomination—a real nomination by the
people; and a second election between the two high-
est would give effect to the real will of the people.
Mr. B. then exposed the details of his proposed
amendment, as contained in the joint resolution
which he intended to offer. The plan of election
contained in that resolution, was the work of emi-
. nent men—of Mr. Macon, Mr. Van Buren, Mr.
Hugh L. White, Mr. Findlay, of Pennsylvania,
Mr. Dickerson, of New Jersey, Mr. Holmes, Mr.
Hayne, and Mr. R. M. Johnson, and was received
with great favor by the Senate and the country at
the time it Was reported. Subsequent experience
should make it still more acceptable, and entitle its
details to a careful and indulgent consideration from
the people whose rights and welfare it is intended to
preserve and promote.
The detail of the plan is to divide the States into
districts; the people to vote direct in each district
for the candidate they prefer; the candidate having
the highest vote for Piesident to receive the vote of
the district for such office, and to count one. ~ If any
candidate receives the majority of the whole.num-
ber of districts, such person to be electcd; if
no one receives such majority, the election
to be held over again between the two highest. To
afford time for these double elections, when they
become necessary, the first one is proposed to be
held in the month of August—at a time to which
many of the State elections now conform, and to
which all may be made to conform—and to be held
Oil the same days throughout the Union. To re-
ceive the returns of such elections, the Congress is
required to be in session, on the years of such elec-
tions, in the month of October; and if a second elec-
tion becomes necessary, it will be held in Decem-
ber. Two days are proposed for the first election,
because most of the State elections continue two
days: one day alone is allowed for the second elec-
tion, it being a brief issue between two candidates.
To provide for the possibility of remote and most
improbable contingencies, that of an equality of
votes between the two candidates—a thing which
cannot occur where the whole number of votes is
odd, and is utterly improbable when they are even—
and to keep the election from the House of Repre-
sentatives, while preserving the principle which
should prevail in elections by the House of Repre-
sentatives, it is provided that the candidate, in
the case of such equality, having the majority
of votes in the majority of the States, shall be
the person elected President. To provide against
the possibility of another almost impossible contin-
gency, (that of more than two candidates having the
highest, and, of course, the same number of votes
in the first election, by an equality of votes between
several,) the proposed amendment is so worded as to
let all—that is, all having the two highest num-
ber of votes—go before the people at the second
election.
Such are the details for the election of President:
they are the same for that of Vice President, with
the single exception that, when the first election
should have been effective for the election of Pres-
ident, and not so for Vice President, then, to save
the trouble of a second election for the secondary
office only, the present provision of the constitution
should preval, and the Senate choose between the
two highest.
Having made this exposition of the principle and
of the details of the plan he proposed, Mr. B. went
on to speak at large in favor of its efficacy and
practicability in preserving the rights of the people,
maintaining the purity of elections, preventing in-
trigue, fraud, and treachery, either in guiding or de-
feating the choice of the people; and securing to our
free institutions a chance for a prolonged and virtu-
ous existence.
Mr. B. said he had never attended a nominating
caucus or convention, and never intended to attend
one. He had seen the last Congress caucus in 1824,
?n i." jVer Wls^e<^10 see another, or hear of another;
he had seen the national convention of 1844 and
never wished to see another. He should support the
nominations of the last convention; but hoped to see
such conventions rendered unnecessary, before the
recurrence of another presidential election.
Mr. B. after an extended argument, concluded
with an appeal to the Senate to favor his proposi-
tion, and send it to the country. His only object
at present was to lay it before the country: the ses-
sion was too far advanced to expect action upon it.
There were two modes to amend the constitution-
one by Congress proposing, and two-thirds of the
State legislatures adopting, the amendment; the other
by a national convention called by Congress for the
purpose. Mr. B. began with the first mode: he
might end with the second.
Disclaiming everything temporary or invidious in
this attempt to amend the constitution in an impor-
tant point—referring to his labors twenty years ago
for the elucidation of his motives—despising all pur-
suit after office, high or low—detesting all circumven-
tion, intrigue, and management—anxious to restore
our elections to their pristine purity and dignity—and
believing the whole budy of the people to be the
only safe and pure authority for the selection as well
as election of the first officers of the republic,—he
confidently submitted his proposition to the Senate
and the people, and asked for it the indulgent con-
sideration which was due to the gravity and the
magnitude of the subject.
Mr. B. then offered his amendment, which was
unanimously received, and ordered to be printed.
The following is the copy of this important prop-
osition:
"Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Slates of Jlmenca in Congress assembled, tivo-thhds
of both Hou&es concurring, That the following amendment
to the constitution of the United States be proposed to the
legislatures of the several States, which, when ratified by
the legislatures of thiee-fourths of the States, shall be valid
to all intents and purposes as part of the constitution:
_ ''That, hereafter, the President and Vice President of the
United States shall be chosen b) the people of the respective
States, in the manner following: Each State shall be divi-
ded, by the legislature thereof, into districts, equal in num-
ber to the whole number of senators and represent,
atives to which such State may be entitled m the
Congress of the United States, the soid districts to be
composed of contiguous territory, and to contain, as
neaiiy as may be, du equal number of persons, enti-
tled to be represented undei the constitution, and to be laid
off, for the first time, immediately after the ratification of
this amendment, and afterwards, at the session of the legis-
lature next ensuing the apportionment of representatives by
the Congress of the United States; that, on the first Thurs-
day in August, in the year 184S, and on the same day evciy
fourth year thereafter, the citizens of each State who pos-
sess the qualifications requisite for electors of the most nu-
merous branch of the State legislatures, shall meet within
their respective districts, and vote for a President and Vice
President of the United States, one of whom at least shall
not be an inhabitant of the same State with themselves; and
the person receiving the greatest number of votes for Pres-
ident, and the one receiving the greatest number of votes for
Vice President in each district, shall be holdento have re-
ceived one vote, which lact shall be immediately ceitsfied
by the governor of the State, to each of the senators
in Congress from such State and to the President oi
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives. The Congress cf the United States shall be m ses-
sion on the second Monday in October, m the year 1S4S, and
on the same da> on everj fourth year thereafter; and the
President of the Senate, m the presence of the Senate and
House of Representative, shall open all the certificates, and
the votes shall then be counted The person having the
greatest number of votes for President, shall be President,
tf such number be equal to a majority of the whole number
of votes given; but if no person have such majority, then a
second election shall be held on the first Thursday in the
month of December then next ensuing, between the persons
having the two highest numbers for the office of President;
which second election shall be conducted, the result certi-
fied, and the votes counted, in the same manner as m the
first, and the person having the greatest number of votes
for President, shall be President. But, if two or more per-
sons shall have received the greatest, and an equal number
of votes, at the second election, then the person who shall
have received the greatest number of % otes in the greatest
number of States, shall be President. The per-on having
the greatest number of votes for Vice Picsiduit at the fiist
election, shr 11 be Vice President, if such number be equal
to a majority of the whole number of votes given: and, if
no person have such maj'ority, then a second election shall
take place b&tween the persons having the two highest
numbers on the same day that the second rlection is held
for President: and the person having the highest number of
votes for Vice President, shall be Vice President. But if
there should happen to be an equality of votes between the
persons so voted lor at the second election, then the person
having the greatest number of votes m the greatest number
of States, shall be Vicc President. But when a second elec-
tion shall be necessaiy in the case of Vice President, and
not necessary in the ca«;e of President, then the Senate tfraU
choose a Vice President from the persons having,the twef
highest numbers in the first election, as is now prescribed
in the constitution,"
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of Deborah
Mason, for the renewal of her pension.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported back
without amendment, and adversely to their passage,
the following bills from the. House, viz:
The act for the relief of John Edmonson;
The act for the relief of William A. Joynes;
The act for the relief of Hannah Dubois;
The act for the relief of George Singley;
The act for the relief of James Crawford;
The act for the relief of Jonathan Bean; and
The act for the relief of Elizabeth Fitch.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back without amendment, and with a recommenda-
tion that they do pass, the House bills entitled.
An act for the relief of Ann Hunter, the widow
of Robert Hunter; and
An act for the benefit of John Perham.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back without amendment, and adverse to
their passage, the following House bills, viz:
The act for the relief of Peter Wilson; and
The act for the relief of Sarah Parker, the widow
of Jonathan Parker.
Mr. B., from the same committee, reported back,
with a recommendation that it be postponed till the
next session of Congress, the House bill entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'an act granting
half-pay and pensions to certain widows, and the
several acts and resolutions amendatory of the same,
and to extend and continue the provisions thereof.'"
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the resolution introducing the committee to
inquire into the expediency of transferring from the
State to the War Department, such of the papers
purchased of Washington's heirs as constitute evi-
dence of service before the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. BARROW, it was resolved,
that the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to in-
form the Senate why he lias not answered the reso-
lution of the Senate calling for information con-
cerning the regulations made since 1842, by the
Treasury Department, to prevent frauds upon the
revenue, by the importers of foreign sugar and
molasses.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the joint resolution
to enable the War Department to apply certain
balances of appropriation.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back without amendment, and adversely to
its passage, the House bill for the relief of Langtree
and Jenkins.
Also, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, the House bill for the relief of Lund
Washington.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of all matters referred to it,
except those of an executive character.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTOJNT, the Committee
on Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the House bill for the relief of Wilmot
Marsden, of Oneida county, New York, widow of
George Marsden, deceased.
Also, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they be indefinitely
postponed, House bill for the relief of Nancy Wil-
son, widow of Capt. William Wilson; and the bills
for the relief of Mariah Ostrander.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, the Committee
on Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of Dr. Samuel White for a pension.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, without amendment,
and a recommendation that it do pass, House bill
for the relief of Solomon Sturges, assignee of Hum-
phrey Richcreek; and House bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of John Baker, deceased.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, the Committee 011
Private Land Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of House bills for the relief of
James Journey, and to confirm Antonio Cherino in
his claim to a tract of land in the State of Louis-
iana.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, the Committee on
Private Land Claims was discharged from several
subjects pending before it; subjects not heard,
