APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June,
28th Cone,....1st Sess.
Annexation of Tehas—Mr. Bemen.
Senate.
pr the other be realized1 Let us look at this" question
calmly—and first with reference to the fears of the No^tH.
The representatives of the northern or free States constitute
at, this moment a majority in the councils of 'the' Union.
The fear of our northern brethren is that this, majority, may
be lessened; perhaps, in one "branch of the natibn&Tle^isla.-
ture at least, that the balance may be thrownia'gamst them
by the annexation of Texas. Is there * any ground for this
fear.' Let us inquire. - <
Of the States,to be. formed "out of the existing territories of
the United States, Iowa and, Wisconsin, whether admitted in
their totality, or by subdivision—which latter is most proba-
ble—will be free States.1 At most, not more than two States
can be formed out of Florida, most probably it will be ad-
mitted-entire. The" result of this operation, therefore, must
be to increase the actual numerical majority of the northern
States in the national legislature, , „ .
There is another ana far more important consideration.'
The inevitable tendency of things is to increase the prepon-
derance of the free States in the councils of the Union. The
policy of this government cannot check it. The admission
of foreign states cannot counter-balance it. It is this: States
in which slavery now exists will become free States, but the
converse will never happen. In this consists the certainty
of the continued ascendency of the free States. It is written
in the book of Fate. The North may patiently abide the
result. The South will vainly struggle against it. See the
principle already in practical operation. Delaware is at this
moment only nominally a slave State. Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, Kentucky, and Tennessee are in a transit
tion state. If these views are correct, the fears of the North
are vain.
Independently of these considerations, are not the hopes
of the South equally delusive? The South, it is said, hopes,
by the ad-nission of Texas, to incorporate into this Union a
territory which, being eventually organized into States, will
strengthen them in the national councils. They know Texas
as a State whose soil and climate and productions are simi-
lar to their own—as a State in which slave labor is employed;
and they fondly imagine that its annexation will add to tneir
political strength, and thus give additional security to their
peculiar institutions. I do not believe that this hope is gene-
ral. I do not think that it is entertained by a majority of
the people of the South, but the strongest efforts have been
made, and will continue to be made, to produce it. These,
however, will be rendered unavailing when the real state of
the fact comcs to be understood. By looking at the map
which has been furnished on this occasion by the Department
of State, it is found that Texas is susceptible of division into
two parts, differing in soil, in climate, and consequently in
their adaptation to agricultural purposes. By the calcula-
tions which have been made under the direction of the Sec-
retary, it appears that the number of acres in each division
is nearly equal, and each is sufficiently large to constitute
two States about the size of Illinois. The lied river will be,
in great part, the boundary between these two portions.
Between it and the Gulf is a country with a soil and climate
fitted to the productions of southern agriculture, and adapt-
ed to slave labor. The residue of the territory is under-
stood to be best suited to the production ol grain, provi-
sions of v dnous kinds, and for pasturage. This diversity
is produced by a difference of elevatiqn, even more than of
latitude, which gives to the higher portions of Texas a
northern climate, and, combining with the character of its
soil, exhibits a country m which free labor will no donbt
be employed. If these views be correct, (and they are be-
lieved to be so.) it results that the accession ol political
power which the incorporation of Texas into the Union
would give would be equally divided between the States in
which slavery does and those in which it does not prevail.
F,ven if a more particular acquaintance with the country
should, in any degree, vary them, it is, I think, quite cer-
tain that provision would be made, in any treaty or other
act of union by \\ hich Texas might be acquired, to lead to
the same result. With a lively recollection of the un-
happy agitotions to which the Vlissouri question gave
rise, I am very sure that Texas will nevei be incorporated
into this Union without express stipulations in the treaty,
or other act of incorporation, which will effectually guard
against the recurrence of a similar controversy.
It seems to me very clear then, sir, that the relative po-
litical strength of the North and the South in the national
councils will not be affected by the acquisition of Texas,
that the fears of the one and the hopes of the other may
both be dismissed as heing equally and entnely illusory;
that they ought not in any degree to influence our judg-
ments in determining upon this treaty. For mostcertainly,
ii our deliberations should eventuate m advising its ratifi-
cation, it would be with an amendment which would as-
certain and define the limits of the free and of the slave-
holding States which should hereafter be organized out of
the territory acquired under it. Of this, I think no one who
hears me will entertain a doubt.
The South will not then benefit in a political view by the
acquisition of 'I exas. "Will she derive any pecuniary ben-
efit from this measure.'
The capital to be affected by it is that which is invested
in negroes and lands. At first view it would seem that the
former of these must advance in value, by having the rich
soil of Texas opened to cultivation, under the protection of
the laws of the United States For the moment, let this be
conceded, and then let us inquire how is this advance to be
realized? It must be by sale, or by the removal and em-
ployment of the negroes by their present proprietors in
the cultivation ol Texian lands. Ihere are few ot those
who hear me who understand the relation betwem master
and slave as it exists in the southern States of thio Union,
and who are capable therefore of appreciatiag the feelings
of a southern man towards those untutored beings, who, in
the providence ol God, have been not merely subjected to
his control, hut also committed to his protection. They
will bear witness to the truth of what I say, that few south-
ern slaveholders, and that few only under the pressure of a
stern necessity, will profit by the sale of their negroes to
Texian planters. I may not attempt to make this feeling
intelligible to those who would require the proof of its ex-
istence; nevertheless it does exist, and will prevent the
holders of slaves from availing themselves to any consider-
able extent of the market of Texas for the sale of their ne-
groes,' • ' '
The only remaining .mode, by"w,h!oh this supposed, en-
hancement in the value of negroescGuld be realized, would
be to remove "vyith them to Texas,'and to employ them in
the cultivation of its fresher and more productive .lands.
The owner of these slaves must then, leave the lands in the
cultivation of which he is now engaged; he must abandon
his present-home, and all its cjierishedassociations; he must
sunder the,ties wliicji nature and affection have entwined
around his heart, and, in quest of gain, become himself an
adventurer in these southwestern wilds. Will the sacrifice
be compensated? Without doubt his agricultural product
will be increased. He will produce more cotton. Will he
enjoy more comfort? Nay, will he realize more money?
The demand of the .worldis already met, if it be not exceed-
ed  Add to it the increased product whioh will follow the
cultivation of the rich lands of Texas under th.e protection
of the laws .of the United States, and is not the result inevita-
ble that the market will be overstocked, and that there will
be a consequent still further depression in the price of this
great staple?
Consider, now, that the lands which he leaves must be de-
preciated in value-in a proportion even greater than his ne-
groes will be appreciated, and that from the same cause, the
superiorproductiveness of the soil, which he is about to cul-
tivate. The inferior lands from which he removes, into
whatever hands they may fall, must compete with the rich-
er lands on which his labor is now to be employed. Those
which he leaves will be reduced in value, not merely from
the competition of which I have spoken, but from the with-
drawal of the only class of laborers who are competent to
cultivate them, and the difficulty of supplying their places
at prices whioh such lands will authorize. The emigrant to
Texas will therefore generally be compelled to sell at a
very trifling price the land which he now cultivates, and to
encounter the expenses of a removal and new settlement;
and when this is done, he will labor still further to overstock
the cotton market^ which is already in a state of repletion.
It may, then, I think be-well questioned whether the acqui-
sition of Texas would increase the value of negro property
in the United States.
Now consider its effects upon the States from which the
emigration to Texas would be made. It will be, I appre-
hend, so far as It is directed to the cotton, rice, and sugar re-
gion of that country, chiefly "from the States of the South.
The emigrants will generally be young men, or those who
are in the vigor of lilc. The wilderness loses its charms as
weadvance in years. They will consist, for the most part,
of the owners of slaves; for the profit to arise from their la-
bor is the temptation to the adventurer. In North and South
Carolina and Georgia, the two first of those products are ex-
tensively cultivated, though upon a comparatively inferior
soil. It is fair to presume, therefore, that these States will
furnish a large proportion of the emigrants. Will they be
compensated for this loss of the flower of their population,
and so large a portion of their productive industry, by any
advantages which they can derive from the acquisition of
Texas? I do not dilate these points as they might very
easily be dilated They are suggested to southern men,
who will know how to estimate them at their proper
value.
Who, then, in the South, will be benefited pecuniarily by
the acquisition of Texas? Shall I tell you, sir? It will be
the holders of Texian stock, which is now comparatively
valueless, but which is to mount up to par by our assump-
tion to pay Texian debts. This advance then, sir, you will
perceive, is to be paid by those of us who are not holders of
Texian stock, and the privilege of contributing our propor-
tion ofthat advance is the benefit which we shall gain. But
there is another class who will profit by this acquisition.
They are the holders of land scrip, or other evidences of
titles to lands in Texas. This is now worth (if. indeed, it be
worth any things some cents per acre It will then mount
up to the minimum price of the public lands of the United
States at least, and this will affect us m two ways; first, by
enhancing the price to individuals who may be disposed to
purchase lands in Texas; and, secondly, by reducing the
amount of sales of the public lands in the United States al-
ready ill market. We hope, when tins parenthetical admin-
istration shall have run its course, and shall, to the infinite
relief of the country, have passed away—we hope to be able
to distribute among the States the proceeds of the public
lands, to assist those which are indebted in meeting their en-
gagements, and to enable those which are not so to engage
in public improvements, or at least partially to relieve their
citizens from taxation. But if this fund is to be chaiged with
the uncounted millions of debt which may be due by Texas,
not at the time when the treaty was negotiated, nor even at
this time, but at the time of the exchange of ratifications,
everybody may see that the hope of distributing the pro--
ceeds of the public lands among the States is indefinitely
postponed. There is, indeed, no stipulation m the treaty
which would make these debts chargeable on the proceeds
of the public lands now held by the United States. But if
Texas be the El Dorado which it is represented to be—and,
whether it be so or not, which many believe, and will con-
tinue to believe it to be until theytiyit—the result of the
ratification of this treaty will be that Texian lands will be
alone in demand in market, (the sales of them will of course
be pressed by the government to enable it to meet its en-
gagements,) and the proceeds of thete sale*? are pledged for
the payment of the Texian debt. We shall consequently
have no proceeds to distribute from the sales of the lands
now held by the United States.
Mr. President, if these views be correct, it must, I think,
be manifest that the South will derive no peculiar pecuniary
benefit from the ratification of this treaty. Indeed, sir, if the
question is to be consideied in its sectional aspect, it seems
to me quite plain that the North, rather than the South,
will reap the harvest of this adventure, in the new market
which it would open to her manufacturers, and in the in-
creased employment which it would give to her navigation.
But if this question be disposed of, there is still another
consideration which is pressed upon southern men in this
controversy; and that is, its influence in strengthening and
giving security to the peculiar domestic institutions of the
South, How, in what manner this is to be accomplished,
is not stated. Indeed, the modus operandi seems not to be
very clearly defined, even in the minds of those who never-
theless very confidently anticipate the result. Let us con-
sider it.
And, first, let me ask, do southern men doubt, their capa-
city to maintain and defend their own domestic institutions.?
Do they require t£e guaranty of the federal government,^
hopeless of attaiamejtt as jt would be impotent when attain-
ed, for the protection of these interests. The courseH^hicb
1 have felt it my duty to pursue in th^s chamber, in relation
to this subject, has resulted' frojn the conviction,that these
institutions, which aje sanctioned by the laws and guarded
by the sovereignty of the States in which they exisf^.wkjch
are coeval .with, nay, anterior" to'-our bona 'of titfion, and
recognised in the compact which" established it—reqriixe no -
other protection save that.which "4bftse laws and'that' sov-
ereignty $re. amply competent to afford t^em,
Individual cases will occur which will render necessary
the enforcement of the provisions of that compact in reia-
tion to fugitives; but, for the rest, we must look to our own
State governments for the protection of these and all our
other domestic institutions. Fanatics, and that still more
despicable class of men, who, under the pretence of "zeal
for human liberty, seek the advancement of.their own
selfish purposes, may continue to rave. Their only real
coadjutors are those southern men who agitate this question
for pa#y purposes, and seek to make political capital by ex-
aggerated descriptions of .their power, and the consequent
dangers to which the South is exposed.- These ravings are,
and will continueto be, impotent. The vast"majority of our
northern brethern are firm in their determination to adhere
to the stipulations of the compact which unites u?as one
people, and to leave to us the decision of a question in which
we alone are concerned. If more were wanting, it is to be
found in the decision of the Supreme Court, pronounced
some two .years since, in which the constitutional provision
designed io.r the protection of southern rights', in cases of
individual violations.of .then*, was re-examined, and clearly,
solemnly, and practically affirmed and enforced. ,
It would seem, then,, that the domestic institutions of the
South are iiot at this moment in any peculiar jeopardy,
which ought to induce us, for that cause, to resort to the an*
nexation of Texas for their protection. But how, I- ask
again, is that protection to be .afforded by such a.r^sort?
lliese institutions would be extended over a wider surface—
would be more diffused, Jess concentrated. Would they be
thereby rendered more secure, less liable to assault, more
susceptible of defence^ It would be difficult; to pjpve this.
Nay, the converse would seem to be true^if I am right in
supposing that it is the State governments to which we are
to look for protection. An accumulation of the slaye pop-
ulation in Texas, by drains from the southern States, would
diminish in those States the number of those interested in
the institution, and therefore always awake and be active in
affording that protection, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Texas would then be the chief slave States
of the Union. In the remaining States in which slavery
would still exist, the institution would be shorn of its
strength.
But, again: if Texas remains as she is, we have on our
southwestern border a State in which slavery exists, not
only under the guaranty of its constitution, but under a
constitutional inhibition to abolish it. Ii Texas be admitted
to. the Union, our immediate neighbor will be Mexico, and
her ^constitution forbids the introduction, ol a slave into her
territory. Texas as she is, an independent State, employing
slave labor for the cultivation of her soil, constitutes a bar-
rier to the contiguous slave States of the Union. Texas as
she would be, if this treaty were .ratified, would afford an
outlet of escape for the slave to a country whertf, from the
nature of its institutions, from the variety and admixture of
its. population, from the amalgamation ot the Spaniard, the
Indian, and the negro, he would find a congenial home.
In every view ot this subject, in its peculiar relation to
the South, it seems to me that the interests of that portion
of the confederacy will not be especially advanced by the
ratification of this treaty; and, therefore, that we must
come to the consideration of it with more enlarged views,
and, leaving the sectional aspect of the question, must look
to it as a national one/
Thus viewing it, Mr. President, I desire to say that my
vote on this occasion will be determined by considerations
which will not render it necessary for me to enter into a de-
tailed examination of the circumstances under which this
treaty has been negotiated, nor of the advantages or disad-
vantages which may result to the United States from the
annexation of Texas. The acquisition of this large and
valuable territory may be desirable in itself—so desirable
as to induce one to assent to terms even more onerous than
those stipulated in this treaty; and yet that acquisition may
be forbidden by the circumstances underwhich it is sought,
by the means which have been used for its attainment, by
the consequences which would result from accomplishing
it. Nor "do I mean to enlarge upon these several topics.
They have been sufficiently dwelt upon I y others* While,
therefore, I concur with them in considering this measure
as an act of political gambling for the .presidency; as one
suddenly sprung upon the American people without afford*
mg them an opportunity previously to express their opin-
ions in relation to it; as got up and maintained under the
false pretence of benevoience to Texas and the fear of Eng-
lish interference; and as throwing an apple of discord, not
merely into the councils of the Union, but among the
whole body of the American people, in the midst of an ex-
citing and agitating canvass, and that, too, for purposes
wholly and absolutely selfish—purposes m relation to which
it would be difficult to determine whether their fatuity or
their profligacy be most excessive—I desire to confine the
remaining observations which I have to submit to you to
two or three propositions, which I will proceed to state
and briefly to discuss.
And fm>t, sir, this ti eaty cannot be ratified without a plain
and palpaole violation of the public faith and national honor.
The recorded acknowledgment by this government of the
i:nth of this proposition is to be found on the £files of our
own Department of State.
Our relations with Mexico aro those of amity and peace.
They are stipulated by treaty, and we are bound in good
faith to their observance. Between Mexico and Texas war
exists—civil war; a contest for dominion on the part of
Mexico—for independence on the part of Texas. In such a
struggle, while our feelings might prompt u§ to take sidei,
the stem injunction of duty, the obvious of .national
honor, is the preservation of an impartial neutrality* Wa
