.Tune, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
have acknowledged the independence of Texas. That is
the utmost limit to which good faith, as the principles which
de-fine it are recognised among nations, will permit us to go.
This proposition has been conceded in its whole extent
by our own government, and in reference to this particu-
lar cfise.
A proposal similar to that which is presented By the
treaty under consideration, was made to this goverament-by
an envoy extraoidinary of Texas in the year 1837. J ex-
tract from the answer of Mr. Forsyth, then Secretary of
State,- the following declaration, alike honorable to himself
and io the President who authorized or directed it:
"So long as Texas shall remain at war while the United
States are at peace with her adversary, the proposition of
the Texian minister plenipotentiary necessarily involves the
question of war with that adversary. The United States
are bound to Mexico by a treaty of amity and commerce,
which will be scrupulously observed on their part so long
aslt can be reasonably hoped that Mexico will perform her
duties and wspect our rights under it. The United states
might justly be suspected of a disregard of the friendly pur-
poses of the compact if the overture of Gen. Hunt were to
be even reserved for future consideration, as this would im-
ply a disposition on our part to espouse the quarrel of Tex*
a* with Mexico, a disposition wholly at variance with the.
spirit of the treaty, with the uniform policy and the obvious
welfare of the United States."
Here, then, is an express acknowledgment by our govern*
menf.fhat the acceptance of a proposition which was identi-
cal-with that now under consideration would involve us in
a war with Mexico, and would be inconsistent with our trea-
ty-stipulations with that power. Nay, that even the reser-
vation of it for future consideration would imply a disposi-
tion on our part to espouse the quarrel of Texas with Mexi-
co; and that such a disposition would be wholly at variance
with the spirit of the treaty—with the uniform policy and ob-
vious welfare of the United States. If these declarations be
trus, (and does it become us to deny them?) to what impu-
tations has not the executive subjected us by the course
which has been so rashly pursued on this occasion? The
recorded declaration of our government is, that so long as
Texas shall remain at war while the United States are at
peace with her adversary, the proposition involves war, and
cannot even be reserved for future consideration without a
violation of good faith. It does not merely lead to hostili-
ties—it does not simply give to Mexico cause of war—it
goes further. It involves war. It adopts a war actually ex-
isting.
This deliberate and well-considered declaration on the
part of our government, made under a sense of duty, and in
opposition to the personal-wishes of Che individuals making
it, Cannot be avoided by the suggestion that it is the admis-
sion 6f a past administration. Administrations necessarily
change; but while they exist, they are the organs of the
government, which remain.3 always the same. One memo-
rable instance has occurred of an attempt-to distinguish in
the diplomatic correspondence of this government with a
foreign power between the administrations which succes-
sively represented it. That attempt meets now, as it ought
to have met at"the moment when it was made, the very gen-
eral* reprobation of the American people.
No, sir, to escape the force of this declaration, it is neces-
.sary to show such a change of circumstances since the time
at which it was made as to render inoperative at this day
the admission which it contains. This necessity has been
felt, and it has accordingly been attempted, if gentlemen
will-excuse me for saying so, zealously but not discreetly.
Let us for a moment Consider it.
Mr. Forsyth says, So long as Texas is at war while the
United States are at peace with her adversary, the proposi-
tion of union cannot be entertained. Weaie at peace with
Mexico. Is Texas at war with that power? That is the
question which decides this poition of the controversy; and
it has befen canvassed in various modes. The senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Choate) turns to the volume of public
or international law, to ascertain what, in the judgment of
publicists, constitutes war; and, applying to the relations
existing between Mexico and Texas with a degree of accu-
racy which I think cannot be fairly questioned the defini.
tion which he finds there, he decides that war does in fact
exist between the two republics. The senator from South
Carolina [Mr. McDuffieJ adopts a different method. His
examples consists of the strifes of individuals. The scene
is some village court-yard; the actors, two of its champions,
-contending for pre-eminence. The process is inductive and
analogical. Here are the facts: The combat commences;
.blows are rapidly interchanged for a few moments, then
the activity of the strife ceases; the parties stand apart, in
•menacing attitude, but no blow is struck. The tongue is
now the weapon, and volleys of abuse are given and re-
ceived Upon this state of facts, the theory of the honora-
ble senator is, that the war between these two champions
was terminated when the last blow was struck; that hostili-
ties then ceased, and peace was restored. The analogy he
supposes to be perfect. No blow has been struck between
Mexico and Texas since the battle of San Jacinto. Theie
have been some military incursions—some forays mutually
distressing to the parties; but "the fight1' has not been con-
tinued-^no blow has been given, ana therefore the war is
at an end. Texas is pressed by her adversary—so pressed
by her hostility that she finds it necessary to seek the aid of
other and friendly nations to interpose for her relief against
it. She is willing to box it out with Mexico, to take a fair
fight and. have an end of it, but she cannot stand the vexa-
tious, harassing warfare which Mexico wages against her.
This is the substance of her own declaration; yet the honor-
able senator thinks that war no longer exists between Mexi-
co and Texas.
Mr. President, I confess that I am not quite convinced by
this mode of reasoning; but 1 have no intention to comment
upon it. My mind has been led to its conclusion by a pro-
cess which differs from both- these, and which may yet, per-
haps, be considered as unexceptionable as either. I desire to
have it borne in mind that the question presented is, wheth-
er war or peace exists between Mexico and Texas? and that
this question is to be decided by the government of the Uni-
ted States. Now, if we stood perfectly indifferent, entirely
disinterested in thjs matter—if this government was callcd
to decide this question as a mere arbiter between these two
republics, i apprehend that the ordinary prmcipio wpuld op-
ply, that what is mutually admitted by the parties does not
require proof, and cannot be contested. If these two powers
severally declare that war does m fact exist between them,
no .third power can, I apprehend, question the truth ©1 the
declaration. Still less will it be in the power of this govern-
ment to do so, directly interested as she is, and especially if
she shall heretofore, and up to the moment of negotiating
this treaty, have united in affirming it. Let us see, then,
how the evidence stands; and first as relates to Mexico.
It appears, by the official note of Messrs." Van Zandt and
Henderson, the Texian ministers, addressed to Mr. Calhoun,
under date of the 16th May, 1844, that the Texian govern-
ment had, in the -year 1842, applied to the several govern-
ments of the United States, of Great Britain, and of France,
to interpose for the settlement of their difficulties with Mex-
ico; and that the President of the United States yielding to
this request, General Thompson, our minister at Mexico,
was instructed to communicate with the Mexican authorities
on the subject; and did so accordingly. The view whibh
that government took of the question we are considering
will appear from the verbal answer of Mr. de Bocenagra.
General Thompson had lemonstrated with him on "the
character of the war now going on between Mexico and
Texas," to which, says, General Thompson in his letter to
Mr. Webster of the 14th March, 1843—
<cHe replied (very much excited) that Mexico did not re-
gard Texas as an independent power, but a3 a rebellious
province;, and that prisoners taken were not entitled to any
of the privileges of prisoners of war, but that they were
rebels, and would be so treated, and that no suggestions on
the subject from other governments would be received .or
listened to."
In the letter of Don J. Tornel, the Mexican minister of
war, to General "Woll, of the 7th July, 1843, after directing
him to suspend hostilities against Texas for the purpose of
giving time for the negotiation of an arjnistice which had
been proposed, he adds:
"You will not, however, fail to employ in the settlement,
enlistment, and equipment of the said body, (a body of
cavalry,) and of the forces under your command, the $180,-
000 which hare been sect to you, nor to make other prepa-
rations in your power; because, until the negotiation shall
arrive at a definitive conclusion, we should be prepared for
peace or for war," &c.
So Mr. de Bocanegra, in a letter to General Thompson of
the 23d August, 1843, still considers Texas as in a state of
rebellion, and as not "having changed their situation, nor
acquired any right to separate themselves from their
mother country.'' I refer, also, without quoting it, to the
letter of General Almonte, the Mexican minister to the
United States, of the 3d November, 1843, and to the fact of
his departure from this place at the moment of the present-
ment of this treaty, to show his sense of "the unheard-of
act of violence," as he expresses itj about to be committed
by this government, "of appropriating to themselves an in-
tegrant part of the Mexican territory."
It is very clear, then, from these declarations, that Mexico
considers herself at war with Texas, for the purpose of re-
ducing her to subjection as a rebellious province.
But it is more important to examine the declarations of
Texas. She is interested in showing that the war is at an
end, to give the semblance of fairness to this negotiation, so
lar as we are concerned in it. In the letter of Mr. Van
Zandt to Mr. Webster, of the 14th December, 1842, invoking
the friendly interposition of this government between Mex-
ico and Texas, he speaks of "the character of the war at
present waged against Texas by Mexico,'' "of the hostili-
ties at presentwaged by Mexico;" "of the unholy, inhuman,
and fruitless character at (the war) has assumed, and still
maintains." He invokes "the interposition of the United
States to put an end to a mode of warfare at once disgrace-
ful to the age," &c. On the 15th June, 1843, the President
of Texas issued his proclamation directing the suspension of
hostilities, to givejtime for settling the terms of an armistice,
the negotiations for which subsequently failed. Up to this
time, then, there must have been war. It was suspended
by this proclamation, and by that of M. Tornel, to which I
have befoie referred. When the negotiations failed, the war
was of course renewed.
This is still more apparent from the letter of Mr. Jones,
the Texian Secretary of State, of the 14th February, 1844,
to General Murphy, our charge de affaires, in which, after
stating that Texas is engaged "in negotiations with Mexi-
co under a suspension of hostilities," he proceeds to require,
as conditions precedent to the appointmfnt of a minister to
negotiate this treaty of annexation, assurances that the
government of the United States would send a competent
land and naval force to protect Texas from invasion—to use
the Secretary's own expression, would "assume the atti-
tude of a defensive ally of Texas against Mexico," and, in
the event of the failure of the negotiations, would guar-
anty her independence.
Now, why all this, if the war between Mexico and Texas
was at an end? But the declarations of our own govern-
ment, by which we at least must be bound when summon-
ed to answer before the tribunal of civilizen nations for the
outrage which we aie invited to commit, are equally ex-
plicit:
"it cannot be denied (says the President in his message
transmuting this treaty to the Senate) that Texas is greatly
depressed in her energies by her long-protracted war with
Mexico."
v,I cannot but repeat the opinion expressed in mv mes-
sage at the opening of Congitss, that it is time it (the war)
had ceased."
•'The executive saw Texas in a state of almost hopeless
exhaustion."
In a letter of the 8th August, 1843, from Mr. Upshur to
General Thompson, he says:
"Texas is the only country with which she (Mexico) is
now at war."
And in a letter of General Murphy to Mr. Upshur, of Sep-
tember 24,1843, he asks:
1 Ought not the United States to say at once to Mexico,
you shall keep this war open no longerT'
In the face of these declarations, by all the parties concern-
ed, who would venture to maintain, before any impartial tri-
bunal, that Mexico and Texas were not at war when this
treaty was negotiated? By the annexation of Texas tathe
United SKatos. Mexico will then fo* at war with u$.
will be at war with one of the territories of this Union—&£
much at war as if Gen. Woll, at the head of the army- of
Mexico, under his command, shpuld invade Florida or Wis-
consin. That Mexico so considers it, we know by the of6r
cial declaration of Mr.'de Bocanegra, and the protest and
retirement ofsGea. Almonte. Are we-prepared to encounter
this state of things, and to fulfil besides, all the stipulations of
the proposed treaty, fox the acquisition of Texas? I know
that the power of Mexico is lightly estimated, and^fts com-
pared with tbat of the United States, in, actual encounter,
whether on the- ocean or the land, the estimate. is;jus.t.
But is this a consideration which would influence the con-
duct of American statesmen? Would we wrest Texas from
Mexico, relying on her feebleness, and abstain under like
circumstances from an interference with Canada, respect-
ing, as it deserves to be- respected, the power of 'Great
Britain? I hope not. Our intense desire for the acquisition
of territory has not yet, I trust, reduced us so low.
But, comparatively feeble as Mexico is, would she be a
powerless adversary in the war which we should thus adopt
by the ratification of- this treaty? She could not invade us
by land. She has no fleet from which we could apprehend
danger on the ocean. Bat on that ocean there is a large un-
counted amount of American capital afloat, which would
become the prey of men of all nations, under the authority
of Mexican commissions. Santa Anna, sitting in his cabi-
net, without the aid of, a single Mexican ship of war, might
thus inflict a s_evere blow upon ouf commerce. This state
of things would be felt, not merely in the amount of actual
loss sustained by capture, but in the necessarily increased
rate both of freight and insurance. If the interest of the
American merchant, either absolutely or in its connection
with that of every other class of the community, be worthy
of our attention, this consideration ought not to be too light-
ly estimated.
But this is not the point of view in which I desire chiefly
to present this subject to the consideration of the Senate. I
recur to the proposition which I have been discussing—that
this treaty cannot be ratified without violating our engage-
ments with Mexico, and consequently without compromit-
ting the national faith. Gentlemen have felt the force of
this argument, as it has been presented in different aspects
by others, and have sought to avoid it by various replies.
Some of these I propose briefly to consider.
It is said that the Tesians are a gallant people, struggling
for the right of self-government against the misrule and op-
pressidn of Mexico—that, any nation may lawfully inter-
fere for their protection, in that spirit of benevolence which
ought to regulate the conduct of nations as well as of indi-
viduals. We are called to the recollection of our own rev-
olutionary struggle, and to the assistance rendered us by
Fiance, in conducting it to a successful issue. Now, sir,
without feeling that i am. i equired, in replying to this argu-
ment, to decide upon the merits of this controversy, 1 admit
very cheerfully that there are cases in which this spirit of
national benevolence may find free scope for its exercise.
Nay-, I could go further, and concede that there is some-
thing peculiar 111 our own position, standing as we confess-
edly do at the head of the republics of the world, as the le-
gitimate champions of the right of self-government; that
there is something m this position which, beyond the mere
fuliilment of the duties of national benevolence, and espe-
cially in relation, to the nations of this continent, would au-
thorize. if it did not demand, that we should fly to the rescue
of the oppressed. But I ask gentlemen to consider well the
loftiness of the character which we are thus required to as-
sume. It is a combination of the highest and holiest attri-
butes of our nature: of courage, benevolence, disinterested-
ness; of courage to resist and beat down oppression, where-
ever it is encountered^ of a spirit of benevolence which
sympathizes with the sufferings of our fellows; of a disin-
terestedness which utterly and indignantly discards every
selfish and sordid consideration. France could not assume
this lofty character m coming to our rescue. Amonarch
battling for the rights of freemen had some motive beyond
the immediate issue oftjhe struggle. He sought to cripple
an ancient and relentless foe—to strike that foe on the field
of our revolutionary strife ;*with the strong arms and stout
hearts of freemen, to give an irresistible impetus to the blow.
Our united efiorts were crowned with feucces-. France did
cripple her ancient foe, but she did not cripple us. She left
usto'the enjojment of the freedomshe had aided us to win,
and sought only in remembrance of our united toils and dan-
gets to draw closer the bonds of amity between us.
And we, sir, we, the representatives of self-government
among the nations, ourselves in the full enjoyment of the
freedom which "was won for us by the gallantry of our sires,
with what motives shall we go to the rescue of Texas from
the oppression of Mexico? To beard the tyrant in his pal-
ace and to brave his myrmidons m the field; to drive them
with strong ami from the territories of the infant republic;
to extort from him the acknowledgment of her independence,
and then nobly, disinterestedly to leave her in the full en-
jojment oftherights of self-government which we had thus
generously assisted her to win? Sir, such an enterprise has
something" of the nobleness which commends it to a gener-
ous spirit. IfMexicoshall continue to refuse the just claims
of this little band of freemen, and. though hopeless of subdu-
ing them, shall still set at nought our friendly remonstrances
in their behalf, then raise high the standard of Texian inde-
pendence, proclaim your unalterable determination to wrest
it from lier oppressor, qualify yourselves for the generous
enterprise bv discarding every selfish consideration, and
from the North and irom the South, from the East and
from the West, Ameiican fieeman may rally under your
banner.
nut are these our motives? Is this our object? No, sir,
no, it is the lust of dominion; it is the thirst for tbe acquisi-
tion of teiritory; it is in the vain imagination that it will give
security to the peculiar institutions of the South: it is in 9.
political intrigue for the presidency It is in these motjYM,
all selfish as they are, that this measure has its origin. W$
do but deceive ourselves; we cannot decetve others.
world will notbeduped by so vain a pretence. W e prof?Q£
the sacred name of benevolence, when we seek to invest
ourselves with her heavenly mantle as aoloak to ourpurely
selfish purposes Wp declare that Texian independence
must be secured, at least from Mexican control; that, bend«
ing to the stern necessity which our strength and her weak*
aess unite *0 produce, must submit to hav« wrv«ttd
