706
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Rej>s.
It is, however, due to myself to say, that I would not
have occupied the atteetion of the House one moment, if
any other northern man had exhibited a disposition to ad-
dress the committee; but as we have now had some six or
«ight speeches in favor of the annexation of Texas, and no
one agaist it, I began to fear that our people of the North
•would think we either have nothing to say, or that we are
too delicate to say it.
^ Before I proceed to speak of the constitutional powers
involved in the extension and preservation of slavery by
the federal government, I must answer one of the positions as-
sumed by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes]
yesterday, and to-day by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. AtkinsonJ and the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Belser.1 It is also assumed by the late Secretary of State,
Mr. Upshur, and by the present Secretary or State, Mr. Cal-
houn, in their correspondence connected with the treaty
sen* \° other branch of the national legislature.
*1 he point to which I allude is, "that the federal govern-
ment have guarantied slavery to the slave States of this
Union; and, they urge that, in order to carry out such
guaranty, it is necessary to annex Texas, lest slavery shall
be abolished there; and. in consequence of such abolition in
Texas, slavery will become valueless in our southern
States.
Now, Mr. Chairman, with all due respect to the legal
talents and constitutional learning of those gentlemen, I
may be permitted to deny that any guaranty in regard to
** ?ver a place in the federal constitution. You,
Mr. Chairman, will recollect, that when the gentleman from
Alabama*[Mr. Bekser] put forth his doctrine, T respectfully
inquired of him where he found it? He at first answered
that he found it in common sense; he next said it was found
in common justice; and lastly he asserted it was found in
the constitution. I then inquired in what part of the con-
stitutional w°uld find it? To this he replied, that he had
*1? £rme to inform me. It is true that an hour is a
short time for a speech, but as I see the gentlehian now in
his seat, I give him notice, that I Will surrender to him the
necessary time out of my own hour, if he will - but inform
me of the article aiid section of the constitution in which
such aoctrme is to be found. In the mean time I must take
issue upon the gentleman's assertion that common sense
turnishes any proof of such guaranty to the continuance of
slavery. I deny the assertion. Every principle of common
sense is opposed to slavery, in all its forms; every dictate
of common sense is in favor of freedom. I must also em-
phatically deny the assertion of the gentleman, that a guar-
anty of slavery is to be found in common justice. The
principles of common, justice are at war with the existence
of slavery; common justice would strike the shackles from
every slave in our country. Does that gentleman under-
stand that common justice authorizes him to hold his fel-
low man subservient to his will? To compel a fellow be-
??^,5(luayn.na^ura^ nghts to himself, to labor for the grat-
ification ofhis appetite7 Sir, common justice gives to the
slave precisely the same liberty that it gives to the
master. When God "created maj7 free and equal, and
endowed him with certain inherent and inalienable rights,
among which are the enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness," he dealt <&ut to man common justice.
But it appears to me that the mind must be truly disordered
"that can find in common justice any excuse or apology ior
slavery; but, apparently feeling that this position was not a
safe one, he said the guaranty was to be found in the con-
stitution. I will now pause,1 that he may inform this com-
mittee as to the section and article in which it exists.
[Mr. Giddings made a pause: but Mr. Belser sat silent,
and Mr. G proceeded ]
I was fully aware, when [ put the question to the gentle-
man, that he then had not time to find the guaranty of
which he spoke. I was also conscious that he would not
have time, during my hour, to find it; and I now say to the
gentleman, and to the committee, that his lifetime will be
too short to find it. Nay, Mr. Chairman, eternity will not
disclose it; for it does not exist. Yet, sir, this senseless jar-
gon—this eternal repetition concerning the "guaranty of
slavery"—is daily sounding in our ears. Sir, the idea that
the constitution contains a guaranty of slavery is an im-
peachment both of the sincerity and the judgment of the
framers of that charter of American liberty, and I take this
occasion to repeat my assertion, that no such stipulation ex-
ists, or ever did exist, in that instrument; and standing here,
an the presence of so many learned and able statesmen of the
South, many of whom have repeated the unfounded assump-
tion, I call upon any one, or all of them, to refer me and the
committee to any such covenant or stipulation in the consti-
tution.
Mr. Br en gle of Maryland stated, in substance, that, at the
formation of the constitution, slavery existed in most of the
States, and that slaves were regarded as property, and, in
that light, were the subject of protection as much as any
other property.
Mr. Giddings. "Will the gentleman point itfe to the sec-
tion in which I may find this guaranty?
Mr. Brengle. I don't refer to any section m particular,
but to the whole instrument. [A laugh.]
Mr. Gtuuifios. "Well, Mr. Chairman, I have finally chased
this notable guaranty into the wild regions of southern ab-"
stractions; but I declare I never came so near finding it be-
fore. [Laughter.] So far from considering slaves to be
property, Mr. Madison said, in the convention, "it would
be wrong to admit that man could be made property;'5 and
not a member of the convention appears to have dissented
from that view; and in every instance in which slaves are
referred to, they are called persons, and not property.
Mr. Causin, of Maryland, said he would refer the gentle-
man from Ohio to the guaranty of slavery in the constitu-
tion. It would be found in the clause providing for the re-
capture of fugitive slaves.
Mr. Giddings resumed. The gentlemanfrom Maryland is
a lawyer, and must understand the term "guaranty." It
means "to insure, to warrant, to stipulate for the perform-
ance of an act." iSfow, sir, has the United States insured
the slave to remain with his master7 If he runs away, do
we warrant the master to catch him? Have we stipulated
that the slave shall continue In servitude' In short, does
the clause of the • constitution referred to contain a single
cteswttfiJtic ol a #uaraaty! J tfeuk tho geuUemosi iam>
self must see there is not the slightest approximation toward
a guaranty.
The clause of the constitution alluded to provides that
when a slave shall escape to a free State, he snail not, by
any law or regulation of such State, be discharged from his
master's service. As construed by the Supreme Court, it
gives the master the right to follow his slave into a free
State, to retake him on iree soil, and transport him back
from whence he escaped. It also prohibits the legislature
of such free State from interposing any law or regulation to
•restrain the masterfrom retaking his slave. It gives to Con-
gress exclusive power to legislate on that subject. We may,
therefore, legislate to the extent of our constitutional power
in aid of the master. We may prescribe such penalties as we
may think proper against any person who interferes with the
master, orm any way aids the slave to escape. We may also
prescribe the manner in which the master, or his agent, may
proceed in retaking his slave, and in transporting-him to the
State from whence he escaped. Here our powers cease; we
can go no further. If the slave then escapes, it is the mas-
ter's loss, not ours; we cannot compel the people, or the
ofiicers of a State, to leave their employment in order to
chase a slave, nor have we the power to order them to find
prisons to confine him in; nor can we, in any way, involve
them in the transaction. Indeed the entire object of this
constitutional provision was to prevent all interference be-
tween the master and slave, and give them "a clear field,
and a fair race."
But, Mr. Chairman, this is the only clause in the constitu-
tion which gives the federal government any power what-
ever to legislate or to act upon the subject of slavery. Here
the grant of power is express, and it excludes all other pow-
ers as effectually, and as fully, as it is possible for language
to attain that object. And the whole length and depth, the
height, and breadth, and extent, of the power, is to legis-
late for the protection Of the master When x>ursuing his fugi-
tive slave, and to prevent all persons from interposing any
obstacles to his purpose. But the powers claimed by the
President are, that we may tax the people of the free States
to the amount of ten or twenty millions of dollars—nay, to
an indefinite amount; that we may purchase foreign territo-
ry; unite this with foreign governments; use the power of
our army and navy, and make war upon unoffending na-
tions; Violate our national faith, in order to - perpetuate
slavery and furnish a market for slaves. This, too, I under-
stand to be the doctrine of gentlemen who advocate the an-
nexation of Texas.
This leads me to a consideration of the rights of the free
States in regard to the institution of slavery; for I am one of
that class of politicians who believe that the free States have
rights as well as the slave States; and that our right to be
exempt from slavery, and from its expense, its guilt, and its
disgrace, is supreme and unrestricted, and these efforts of
the executive, and others, to involve us in the support or
perpetuation of slavery, and of the slave trade, I denounce
as attempted violations of our dearest rights, and of our com-
mon" constitution. Sir, no such power was delegated by
the people of the free States to this government, and the ex-
eicise of such powers would be a usurpation of authority
sufficiently fiagarant and outrageous to dethrone any mon-
arch of Europe.
The federal constitution regards slavery as strictly a State
institution, over which the general government has no con-
trol whatever. It belongs exclusively to the several States,
and the power of each State over the institution within its
territory is supreme and unlimited. With slavery in the
States, Congress has no morp power to interfere than it has
with the serfs of Russia; and Virginia, to-day, holds her
slavery as independently of the federal government, as the
government of Russia holds its serfs.
By her legislation, she may modify or abolish it at the
pleasure of her people. So supreme ?nd exclusive is her
power over it, that I never feel at liberty to discuss its
moral bearings in this hall, unless I am compelled to do so
in defence of my own rights, or of the lights of the people
whom I represent. In doing this, I merely comply with
what I believe to be the spirit of the constitution. But,
while I hold the rights of the people of the slave States thus
sacred, I demand of them a corresponding observance of the
rights of the tree States, and of the spint of the constitution.
That instrument has placed all the States upon the same po-
litical level. ' The rights of our people of Ohio are the same
as those of Virginia. You, Mr. Chairman, have been taught
to regard slavery as excusable, or peihaps right. I have
been educated in the hatred of that institution. My feeling
and my principles are opposed to it in all its forms. Yours
are in iavor of it. 1 execrate and condemn it. You cherish
and support it You are indulged in your views and senti-
ments. while your State continues slavery, without regard
to the feelings of our people or of Congress. I rest with the
same perfect security in the freedom of our State, knowing
that the people of Virginia, nor the federal government,
have any power whatever to interfere with our feelings or
our interests in regard to slavery. Thus you and I are mu-
tually tafe in the enjovment ol our opposite opinions The
rights of our States, too, are perfectly mutual, and in all re-
spects reciprocal. The rights of Ohio in all respects corres-
pond with those of Virginia. As the federal government pos-
sesses no power to interfere with the slavery of Virginia,
it is equally incompetent to interfere with the rights of
Ohio, to be exempt from all participation in what we regard
as the guilt or the disgrace of that institution. The right
of Ohio to be entirely free from all the stain and pollution
of slavery, is as absolute and unlimited as is the right of
Virginia to enjov what her people regard as the advantages
of it. Nor has the federal government any more power to
act forthe benefit of slavery, than it has to act for its aboli-
tion. Most happily, the constitution has given this govern-
ment no right to interfeie, either for its support or its de-
struction. Nor could the governm^at be maintained upon
arry other principles. The government is the common
property of all the people of all the States. It is as much
the government of the people of Ohio, as it is of those of
Virginia It is the common agent and protector of all.
"Whatever is done by the government, is done by the people
of all the States. Now, sir, every man must at once see,
that no common agent of all the States coftld act, either for
or against the institution of slavery, without onending one
portion or another of the people. If it were to put forth its
' jaftuenoe tp atwlisU frteYwy ia Texas? ow southern meads
would complain, for they desire to retain the institution. If
it puts forth its influence to preserve slavery there, 'the peo-
ple of the North will of course complain, for they are in
favor of justice and freedom, and ardently desire to k[ec
slavery abolished. It was therefore a most wise and saluta-
ry- object with the framers of the constitution, to withhold
all power from the federal government in regard to slavery,
except that which hai reference to fugitives, on which I
have already remarked. The safety of the South and of the
North consists in this wise and salutary* absence of all pow-
er over, slavery. It was foreseen by the framers of the con-
stitution, that the subject was of such a delicate character,
that the federal government could not interfere with it in
any form without endangering the existence 'of our Union.
I fully understand the excuse of Messrs. Upshur and Cal-
houn for attempting this unconstitutional support of slave-
ry. They say that the continuance of slavery in the South
would be endangered by the abolition of that institution in
Texas. I answer, that the continuance of slavery in Texas
will endanger the freedom of Ohio. Mr. Calhoun calls up-
on the federal government to interpose its power to sustain
slavery in Texas, lest its abolition shall endanger the con-'
tinuance of slavery iif our southern States. 'Hie people of
Ohio call upon this government to exert its power to abol-
ish slavery in Texas, lest its existence there should endan-
ger the continuance of our liberty. Our government, in
such case, would be under the same obligations to exert its
efforts to abolish slavery in Texas, that it would be to sus-
tain it there. The framers of the constitution wisely fore-
saw these difficulties, and withheld all power in regard to
that institution.
I am often misunderstood. When X say that the federal
government cannot maintain, support, or defend slavery, i
am sometimes asked—If an enemy should invade a slave
State to get away slaves, "would it not be the duty of the
federal government to protect us in the enjoyment of our
slave property,?" I answer, your soil is held sacred under
our constitutional compact; and if an enemy sets his foot
upon it, our arms, the arms of all the people of the nation,
are against him. We are bound to protect your soil and ter-
ritory. We cannot inquire into the object of the invasion.
Whether he comes to get away slaves or masters, blacks or
whites, rich or poor, bond or free, we protect the whole-
population, by driving the invader from American soil. But
we do so without regard to slavery. And then, if the slaves
leave and go to another government, we can no more de-
mand them under our constitution, than we can demand the
masters when they go there. If slavery in Texas weie
abolished by her government, and every slave in Louisiana
were to leave his master to-morrow, and cross the line and
become free, it would be a matter in which Congress, or the
federal government, would have no constitutional right to
interfere. Or, on the other hand, if the masters were to
cross the line into Texas, and the slaves were to call on us
to demand their masters of the Texian government, and
bring them back, wc should say to them, "we cannot inter-
fere, you must take care of your own masters."
Again, I am sometimes asked, Suppose our slaves rise and
murder our people: is not the federal government bound to
aid us in holding them in subjection? i answer, we are
bound to protect the people of every State "against foreign
invasion and internal violence," The class of persons who
commit the violence, is a fact into which we cannot §top to
inquire. If the violence rise from masters, we suppress it.
If it rise from slaves, we do the same. If both masters and
slaves are engaged, side by side, in an insurrection, we
&hoot them dow n without knowing or inquiring which is
master or which is slave. Our business is to suppress the
violence, but we have no concern with slavery.
I make this explanation, that I may be understood when
I make the declaration that, under our constitution, the fed-
eral government cannot interfere with slavery in the States
for any purpose, either to sustain or to abolish it. This was
the doctrine avowed ond understood by the framers of the
constitution. It has been the avowed doctrinc of southern
men, and ol northern men, from the adoption of the consti-
tution to this day. It is true that the federal government
has often^interposed its power in aid of slaveiy, by the
common consent of all the States, when no objections wer«
made by any person; but, up to the present year, no man of
any party, or from any portion of the Union, ever dared to
stand forth before the nation and avow the doctri^p, that this
government possessed the constitutional power or light to
exert the influence of the nation to degrade its character,
and exhaust its re\ enues, in support ol slavery, or of the
slave trade. On various occasions I have myself, in this
hall, called on gentlemen to avow such sentiments if they
entertained them. But never, until long since the com-
mencement of the present session, was any member of this
body found sufficiently callous to his own leputation to
avow such principles. We have passed moie than half a
century under our present constitution, and now the Presi-
dent assumes to himself the power of making slavery a
national, instead of a State institution, and of extending the
power, and influence, and funds, of the federal government
to its support, and to the support of a piiatical commerce m
mankind. In order to effect this unholy and nefarious plan,
he attempts to bring into this Union a foreign slaveholding
government, the eftect of which is to place the balance of
political power in the hands of foreign slaveholders, who
have no feelings or principles, either moral, religious, or
political, in common with the great body of our people ot
the free States, and to transfer the descendants of our New
England pilgrims to the political control and dominion of
Texians and foreigners. Nor do his violations of the con-
stitution end here; he has gone further, and brought our
army into the field in hostile attitude to a friendly power,
with whom we are on terms of perfect amity, and has sent
a fleet to insult and provoke that government to hostilities.
In short, sir, he has of his own acts, by his secret orders,
without the consent of the people of the nation, or their
representatives, and without deigning even to consult his
constitutional advisers, suddenly plunged us into a war for
the openly avowed object and purpose or extending and
perpetuating slavery. These profligate acts—these usurpa-
tions of power—these violations of the constitution,—can
be characterized by no term of milder signification than
treason—treason against the right* of the people 6f this
agaiast ih$ coasUtutiw, aft* tmsomgm^
