#2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. The previous question being seconded, and the
main question ordered,
The question was daken on the amendment, and it
~was adopted.
The question was then put on the engrossment of
the resolution, resulting in—ayes 66, noes 35.
No quorum voting, tellers were called for, and or-
dered, and Messrs. Hoge and Peyton were ap-
pointed, who, on taking the count, reported—ayes
66, noes 60.
So the resolution was ordered to be engrossed.
Thg, question then being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. C. JOHNSON made a brief explanation, af-
ter which, he moved the previous question; but
withdrew it at the request of
Mr. THOMPSON, who, after a brief explanation,
moved to reconsider the vote on ordering the en-
grossment, so as to offer an amendment to the res-
olution.
The reconsideration was accordingly ordered,
when
Mr. THOMPSON moved to amend the resolu-
tion, by directing the board of commissioners to act
in conjunction with the district judge of Mississippi,
and the district attorney for the western district of
Mississippi. Mr. T. then moved the previous ques-
tion; but withdrew it at the request of
Mr. TUCKER, who also made a brief explana-
tion in opposition.
Mr. W. J. BROWN moved the previous ques-
tion; which being seconded, and the main question
ordered,
The question was first taken on the amendment;
"which being agreed to, the resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. TUCKER called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution; which, being ordered,
the question was taken, and decided in the negative
—yeas 76, nays 85.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. J. A. WRIGHT moved to suspend the rules
to'go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to take up the bill of the Senate No. 35,
making appropriations for the continuation of the
Cumberland road.
Objection being made,
Tellers were appointed, and the question was ta-
ken, and decided in the negative—ayes 49, noes 66.
So the bill was not taken up.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, asked leave to report back the bill
tor the adjustment of land titles in the States of
Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Missouri,
with amendments, as instructed by the House,
Mr. VANCE objected.
Mr. WELLER moved to suspend to rules.
Mr. DICKEY called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; when
Mr. SLIDELL withdrew his motion.
The bill to establish a naval depot at Memphis,
in the State of Tennessee, was taken up as reported
from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAMMET moved the previous question,
but withdrew it at the request of
Mr. THOMPSON, who observed that, when
this bill was under consideration in the Committee
of the Whole, he offered an amendment to it; and
being called out of the hall, he found that the bill
had been reported in his absence, without any ques-
tion being taken on his amendment. He wished to
know of the Clerk what had become of that amend-
ment; and he would inquire of the Chair how it
was that the Committee of the Whole could report
a bill with an amendment pending, without takin°-
a vote upon it. "
The CHAIR said that the question was settled by
the committee when they made the report.
? THOMPSON now offered the amendment
r15?,ile,0ffered.when t*1's kM was in Committee of
the Whole, the ^ intent and purport of which was,
that a commission be appointed to make a survey
for the purpose of ascertaining the most favorable
site on the Mississippi river for the naval depot.
Mr. HAMMET addressed the House at some
ength on the question involved in the subject under
consideration. He gave a description of the pro-
posed locality at Memphis, to show that it was not
calculated for the purpose designed, and advocated
the amendment of his colleague.
Mr. C. JOHNSON replied.
 art^in'thJ,?KBfP?i?Ni and Mr'ASHE also- took
wi'fh r T  - ? ' , ,atter gentleman concluding
9u.toWi&rou8 questio"'which was
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson,] and resulted as follows: yeas 49, nays
113.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third time,
when
The yeas and nays having been ordered, the
question was taken on the passage of the bill, and
decided in the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 48.
Mr. McCLERNARD moved to suspend the rules
for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; which mo-
tion was decided in the negative—ayes 61, noes 66.
Mr. WELLER asked leave to offer a resolution
to give to the chaplain, pages, and messengers of the
House the same extra compensation that has been
allowed by the Senate to their chaplain, pages, and
messengers at the present session.
The resolution being objected to by several,
Mr. WELLER moved a suspension of the rules;
which motion was lost—ayes 65, noes 45, there
not being a majority of two-thirds.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to reconsider the vote
rejecting the joint resolution for funding the money
due to the Choctaw Indians now in the State of
Mississippi. Mr. T. said he voted with the major-
ity under a.misapprehension.
Mr. WHITE made some remarks in favor of the
resolution. He concluded by moving the previous
question; which was seconded, and the mam ques-
tion was ordered to be put. The main question
was the motion to reconsider, on which the yeas
and nays were ordered, and resulted thus—yeas 67,
nays 76.
So the motion to reconsider was negatived.
On the motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the
House resolved to insist on its amendments to the
naval appropriation bill, and appointed a committee
of conference thereon, consisting of Messrs. Mc-
Kay, Parmenter, and Chapman.
Mr. DUNCAN offered a resolution to admit la-
dies to the floor of the House during the residue of
the session; which led to some excitement and re-
peated divisions.
Mr. DUNCAN said, at length, that after that
display of "gallantry," he would withdraw the mo-
tion, and it was withdrawn accordingly.
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of Union, (Mr. Wm-
throp in the chair,) and,
On the motion of Mr. SAUNDERS, took up a bill
from the Senate entitled "An act concerning the Su-
preme Court of the United States."
The object of this bill is to change the time of
holding this court from January to December, in
each year. It was considered and laid aside to be
reported to the House.
The committee next took up the act from the Sen-
ate for the continuation of the Cumberland road in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. It pro-
posed to appropriate $100,000 for the continuation
of the road i>i Ohio, $150,000 in Indiana, and $150,-
000 in Illinois; and amendments had been reported
from a committee by which these appropriations
were designed to be reduced one-half.
Mr. DROMGOOLE made some remarks in rela-
tion to this bill.
Mr. FICKLIN replied with some warmth, though
briefly, the hour he said, being so late, and the time
remaining so short; but he insisted that the new
States had received less from the general govern-
ment proportionally than any other States in this
Union. He averred that the State of the gentleman
who had just sat down, [Mr. Dromgoole,] had re-
ceived very large aid by expenditures from the gen-
eral government; he could show that millions had
been expended at Gosport in Virginia, at Harper's
Ferry, and at other points; and he contended that
the new States were entitled to more consideration
than it appeared there was a disposition to extend
to them.
Mr. DROMGOOLE made- a few observations in
explanation.
t Mr. McDOWELL moved that the committee
rise; and after some remarks fiom Mr. HAMLIN
Mr. SCHENCK, and others, the committee rose'
and reported the bill in relation to the United States'
Supreme Court to the House, and progress on the
Cumberland road bill.
Mr. McKAY asked to be excused from serving
on the committee of conference on the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill: agreed to.
The SPEAKER communicated to the House a
message from the President of the United States:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to postpone the previ-
ous orders, so as to take up the bill to renew the
charters of the banks of the District of Columbia,
Mr. JONES of Tennessee called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether it was the
intention of the gentleman to take up a bill in favor
of corporations, in preference to a bill relating to the
rights of the people of the District.
On motion by Mr. W. J. BROWN, two addi-
tional members were added to the Committee on
Enrolled Bills.
The question recurring on Mr. Campbell's mo-
tion,
Mr. WELLER inquired if it would not require a
vote of two-thirds to carry it.
The CHAIR said that it would not.
Mr. WELLER remarked that it was a question
of priority of business. It was taking up this bill
in preference to all those that were before it.
The CHAIR said that if the gentleman persisted
in his objections, he could require the question on
postponement to be te.ken on each bill separately;
but the motion to postpone was clearly in order.
The Chair would however remark that it would
take no more time to pass the bills than to postpone
them.
Several members called for taking up the bills in
their regular order.
The following bills, returned with amendments
from the Senate, were then taken up, and the amend-
ments concurred in.
The bill to provide for the armed occupation of
Florida.
The bill making appropriations for certain im-
provements in the Territory of Florida.
The bill to authorize the issue of land patents in
 district, in the Territory of Florida.
The bill making appropriations for certain im-
provements in the Territory of Iowa.
The bill providing for the erection of a marine
hospital at Key West, in the Territory of Florida.
The bill to establish certain post routes in the Ter-
ritory of Florida.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH offered a resolution to
terminate debate on the Cumberland road bill in five
minutes after the House should resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole, and moved the previous
question.
Mr. HARDIN rose and claimed the floor.
The CHAIR decided that the motion for the pre-
vious question by the gentleman from Illinois liad
precedence.
Mr. SAUNDERS moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which motion was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 82, nays 84, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Anderson, Arrington,
Atkinson, Barringer, Bajly, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, James
A Black, Boyd. Jeremiah Broun, Buffington, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell. Jeremiah E. Cary, Shepherd Cary,
Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinch,
Clingman, Cobb, Collarner, Daniel. Richard D Davis, Del-
let. Dillingham, Dromgoole, Ellis, Farlee, Fish, French,
Goggin, Byram Green, Hamlin, Haralson. Herrick, Holmes,
Hopkins, Houston, Hubbell, Hungerford, Jenks, G. W.
Jones, Preston King, Lumpkin, McConnell Mcllvaine,
Moseley, Newton, Patterson, Payne, Phn?nix Pollock, Rath-
bun, David S. Rejd, Reding, Rhett, Robinson, Rodney.
Russell, Saunders, David L. Seymour. Simons, Simpson,
Albert Smith, Spence, Stetson. John Stewart, Strong. Sum-
mers, Sykes, Taylor, Wheaton, Williams, and Wood-
ward—82.
^AH S—Messrs. Barnard, Blackwell, Bowlm, Brmker-
^^ton Brown, William J. Brown, Cairoll, Causin,
Chilton, Cranston, Cullom, Dana. Garrett Davis, John W.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Dickey, Gougla&s, Dun-
can, Elmer, Ficklin, Floience. Foot, Giddings, Grinnell,
Grid'-r, Hardin, Harper, Hoge, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
JamB. Hunt, Charles J. Ingcisoll, Perle\ B Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, Andrew Kennedy. Daniel P. King. Lu-
cas Lyon, McCauslen, Macldj, McClelland, McCleniai.d.
McDowell. Marsh, Joseph Morris, Mnr^e, Nes, Owen,
Peyton, Emery D. Potter, Preston, Relle, Roberts, Rock-
well. Rogers, St John, Sample, Schunck, Se\eiance, John
1 Smith, Thomas Smith, Calei B. Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Andrew Stewart, Thoma^son. Tibhatts, Tilden,
Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Went-
worth, Withered, White, Wmthrop, William Wright, Jo-
seph A. Wright, and Yost—jU.
The previous question being seconded, and the
main question ordered,
The question was put on the adoption of the reso-
lution and decided in the afHmative—ayes 94, noes
65.
Mr. NEWTON begged leave to introduce a reso-
lution for the purpose of allowing to Mr. Goggin
his expenses while contesting the seat of Mr. Gil-
mer, of Virginia.
