CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Objections were made in various parts of the
Heu %
Mr. FICKLIN moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of getting in the resolution, on
which the yeas and nays were called and ordered;
and being taken, resulted thus: yeas 88, nays 70,
being less than a majority of two-thirds; and there-
fore the rules were not suspended.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the House do now
adjourn, (it was now half-past 10 o'clock;) and on
this motion the yeas and nays were called, and being
taken, resulted thus: yeas 14, nays 144.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. P. KING said if gentlemen would neither
attend in their places nor adjourn, he would move a
call of the House.
On this motion the yeas and nays were called for
and ordered.
* Mr. STEENROD protested against these motions
for the purpose of obstructing the public business.
The vote was then token, and resulted in yeas 83,
t nays 127.
( _ Mr. SEYMOUR of New York offered a resolu-
f tion that the persons employed by the House be
paid the same compensation as persons in similar
! employments in the Senate have been paid.
Objections being made,
Mr. SEYMOUR of New York moved a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked if it was in order
to move a suspension of the rules while his motion
to suspend the rules was pending.
The CHAIR decided that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois had precedence.
Mr. NORRIS moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was decided in the negative—yeas 74,
nays 124.
The question recurring on the motion to suspend
the rules made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Robert Smith,]
Mr. PRESTON KING moved a call of the
House.
Mr. STEENROD submitted that the motion was
not in order—as a call of the House had just been
moved and refused by a full vote, and repeated mo-
tions had been made to adjourn without effect. He
called on the House to sustain the parliamentary
rule; and carry on the business of the House.
The CHAIR said that as a call of the House had
just been refused, and as there was evidently a quo-
rum present, his opinion was, that a motion for a
call of the House was not in order.
Mr. BURKE appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. McKAY, from the committee of conference,
said that that committee would be prepared to report
on the army bill as soon as they heard from the
Senate, which must act first on the report of the
committee.
Mr. STEENROD moved to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. McCONNELL called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
A message being received from the Senate stating
that that body had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the army bill,
Mx. McKAY moved that the House concur in
said report.
Objections were made to that motion by several,
and
The CHAIR decided it was not in order.
Mr. McCONNELL moved an adjournment, but
it was negatived.
The SPEAKER then stated that the question re-
curred on the motion to lay the appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair on the table, and it was carried in
the affirmative.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules to go into Committee of
the "Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and resulted thus—
yeas 60, nays 99, as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Ashe, Bowlin, Brinkerhoft", MiltonBrown,
William J. Brown. Jeremiah Brown, Carroll. Augustus A.
Chapman, Chilton, Clinch, Clinton, Dawson, Dean,
Dickey, Douglass, Ficklin, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hardin, Harper, Hoge, Hud son, Washington Hunt,
James B. Hunt, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, J.y-
on, McCauslen, McClelland. McClernand, Mcllvaine, Jo-
seph Morris, Morse, Moseley, Murphy, Owen, Fatterson,
t>eryB.o^rf^Xi.Pollock' EB'ha B-Potter, Emery D. Pot-
B Smiif !*i!" I; Smith' Thomas Smith, Caleb
v ' Ro^e.rt Smith, Steenrod, Sykes, Tibbatts, Til-
jSP&Je^n60.Weller' Wcntworth- Winthrop! 3d
Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson,
ETi rfi, Beaton, Bidlack, Edward J.
C™nh*lYf I£' Blackwell.Boyd, Burke, Surt, Caldwell,
Chaifnell ClS'o. ry' Catlio.Ciusin, R. Chapman,
onappeli, Clmgman, Cobb, Cullora, Dana. Daniel Garrptt
Eb£ F„ClT^- Mtet. MUn|ham™eromgaoole
fcS# Willis Green, Grfnnell
kins tr , . ' Hfvmmet' Haralson, Herrick, Holmes, Hop-
H Lr ?f,?UTford' CharIes J' Ingersoll, Joseph
Preitfn ir S^ George w. Jones, John P. Kennedy,
Lpona?H I s' ?lel Kms' Kirkpatriok, Labranche
WUCI J r ui!pkl.n' Macla-V. McConnell, McKay,
tvf i'x. Moms> Newton, Norris, Parmcnter,
Tnf.H'Charles M- Reed, David S. Reid, Redin?,
elS, n-a ,^"ison, Kodney, St. John, Saunders, Sev-
2 Dl?™,d L- Seymour, Simons, Slide!!, Albert Smith,
bpence, Stetson, John Stewart, Strong, Summers, Taylor,
Thompson, Tucker, Tyler, Wethered, Wlieaton, White,
Williams, and Woodward—99.
So the motion was negatived.
r Private secret ry reported a long
list of bills which had received the President's ap-
proval and signature. F
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the House in-
sisted on its amendments to the appropriation bill
tor the Indian department; and a committee of con-
ference was appointed.
Mr. McKAY made a report from the committee
of conference on the army bill, and moved that the
House concur m the report; which was agreed to.
Mr. PARMENTER made a report from the com-
mittee of conference on the navy appropriation bill.
After a few words from Messrs. HALE E. J.
BLACK, and SCHENCK, the previous question
was moved, and sustained by the House.
On the question of concurrence in the report of
the committee of conference, the yeas and nay3
were called for, but not ordered; and the report was
then concurred in.
Mr. McKAY made a report from the committee
; of conference on the civil and diplomatic appropria-
; tion bill. 1
The question recurring on agreeing to the report
of the committee,
Mr. G. W. J ONES inquired of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means whether the ap-
propriation to purchase the banking-house of the old
Bank of the United States was one of those under
consideration.
Mr. McKAY said that it was.
Mr. McCONNELL called for the reading of the
report.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that, if they did not
purchase this building, they would probably have,
in a few years, to build a custom-house at as great a
cost as those of Boston and New York. This build-
ing was suited for the purpose, and was admitted
on al! hands to be a good bargain. The government
had now to pay $1,500 a year rent for a post-office,
and this building would answer for a post-office as
well as a custom-house.
Mr. G. W. JONES then called for the yeas and
nays; but they were not ordered; and
The report of the committee was agieed to.
LAKD TITLES.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been recommitted the
bill to provide for the adjustment of land titles in
Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Missouri, re-
ported said bill with certain amendments, made in
conformity with the instructions of the House; and
the said amendments being agreed to, the bill was
read the third lime, and passed.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. FISH, from the select committee appointed to
inqnire whether any deputy postmasters had violated
the franking privileges of members of Congress, made
a report, accompanied by a resolution, that so much
of tne regulations of the Post Office Department as
provides that the franking privilege of members of
Congress could be used at but one place at a time,
and so much of said regulations as authorizes the
deputy postmasters to disfigure or mutilate the
franks of members of Congress, are violations of the
law, and of their franking privileges: laid on the ta-
ble.
Mr. ATKINSON moved to suspend the rules to
go into Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of
taking up the bill for the relief of certain contract-
ors of the government; which motion was nega-
tived.
On motion by Mr. VINTON, the bill in relation
to the Supreme Court of the United States was ta-
ken up, read the third time, and passed. j
6^3
The amendments of the Senate to the following
bills wcere severally concurred in:
The bill for the relief of George Sands.
The bill for the relief of Ferguson & Reed,
T ed ld^ **°r re^e^ Frazier and George
The bill granting a pension to Milly, a Creek
woman, and daughter of the Prophet Francis,
The bill respecting the northern boundary of the
State of Missouri.
The bill to recharter the District banks was an
nounced by the CHAIR as the next bill in order.
Mr. McCONNELL moved that the House ad-
journ: rejected.
Mx*. McKAY, from the committee of conference,
made a report on the Indian appropriation bill:
which report was agreed to.
. THOMPSON insisted on proceeding with
the bills on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER said that the District banks bill
was first in order.
Mr. McCONNELL mov^ed that the House ad-
journ, and called for the yeas and nays; but the yeas
and nays were not ordered, and the motion to ad-
journ was negatived.
Mr. 1HOMPSON moved to postpone the bank
bill for one hour, 111 order to go on with the bills on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. BOYD moved that the House adjourn; which
motion was negatived.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved a call of the
House, and called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. BOYD moved that the House adjourn; and
the yeas and nays being ordered, the questbnwas
decided in the negative—yeas 64, nays 82.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a call of the
House.
The CHAIR said that a call of the House had
been moved, and the yeas and nays ordered on the
question.
Mr. McCLELLAND asked if, should the rules
be suspended, it would be competent for the House
to act on private bills in preference to the bank bill.
The CHAIR said that private bills would have
preference, because this was Saturday, and one of
days set apart for th^e consideration of private bills.
Mr. VANCE saia that it was not Saturday, but
Sunday, [it being half past 2 o'clock in the morn-
in?'J
Mr. BARNARD appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and said there was another point of
order, which he would raise, before putting the ques-
tion on that.
The CHAIR said he would entertain but one
point of order at a time.
Mr. BARNARD said there was another, and a
privileged motion, which he should make, and that
was that the Speaker be called to take the chair.
The CHAIR said he would entertain no such mo-
tion.
Mr. BOYD moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. CALDWELL asked if it would be in ordei
to move a call of the House.
The CHAIR said it would not.
The question was then put on the motion to ad-
journ, and was decided in the affirmative—yeas 74,
nays 57, at half past 3 o'clock, and
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-day were
handed to the lepoiter by the members presenting them:
By Mr. K. J. MORRIS- Three petitions of citizens of
Philadelphia county, asking an extension of the naturaliza-
tion to 21 years.
By Mi. JOHN T. SMITH: The petition ol citizens of
Philadelphia, praying for such alteration of the naturalisa-
tion laws, as will require a residence of 21 years in the
United States as a prerequisite to natuiahzation.
B> Mr. OWEN: The memorial oi Teter Miley and others,
citizens of Indiana praying that Great Britain have notice
that the joint occupation of Oiegon shall cease.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The resolutions of a meeting of
citizens of Sumtei district. South Carolina, favorable to the
annexation of Texas to the United States.
By Mr. BURT: The resolutions of a public meeting of the
citizens of Abbeville district, South Carolina, in favor of
the immediate annexation of Texas, and against the tarift of
1S42.
Senate Lhambf.r, June 16,1844.
Messrs. Blair St Rives: In the brief sketch which your
reporter has given of my remarks on Thursday evening, on
the proposition to pay the National Institute $4,000 "for de-
fraying the expenses incurred by it in taking care of the
public property and collections in its chaige," he has
throughout entirely mistaken my meaning. ] objected to
that appropriation because it would establish a kind of part-
