Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO TttE COftGiiM&dftiL GLOBE.
t09
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
into which it had sunk at tbe expiration of the period
limited in the compromise act for the continuance of the.
duties wnich afforded any beneficial protection. The rev-
enue-is improved, and is likely to be adequate to all our
wants, and to the extinguishment of the public debt, long
before it becomes payable. Public credit is restored, and
stands on a finn foundation. Business, in every branch,
every department, every section, is reviving. Confidence
has returned, and men look forward with cheerfulness, and
labor goes to its work with a lighter heart, and a surer re-
ward. These are things open to our senses, seen by our
eyes,, beard with our ears, not to he denied, not to t>e dis-
guised. To these proof I appeal, for an answer to each and all
of the-senator's charges a'nd specifications, and for a com-
plete vindication of tiie act which he hasso repeatedly and
vehemently denounced as the author of unnumbered woes.
And how does the senator deal with these undeniable evi-
dences of public prosperity? "While he cannot and docs
not deny their existence, he says, they are not in conse-
quence of the' act, but in spite of it. Events which are
nearly connected in point of time are not necessarily con-
nected as cause and_eftbct. Prosperity has returned, he ad-
mits, since the passage of the act, but not in consequence
of itl' Now, sir, I was not, m the first instance, discussing
thecauses ot that returning prosperity. I was replying to
the senator's assertions', that commerce and revenue had
declined—prices of manufactured articles enhanced, and of
the-productions of the South diminished. It was to dis-
prove these allegations that I introduced the proofs, and
not mainly with a view to attribute the improved condition
of affairs to the enactment-of that law. But I had no doubt
then, and I have none now, that it is mainly attributable to
that act. . ITiave no sort of doubt that there is a nearer con-
nection than one merely of time, between the re-establish-
me'nt of the policy,of protection, and the general advance-
ment in the business of the country. And I ask whether
we have ndt a .perfect right to claim this result as a fair and
legitimate result from that act? Did we not predict in ad-
vance that such would be the consequence? Did we not
advocate, and urge the passage of that law, expressly for the
purpose of accomplishing what in fact has keen accom-
plished—for the supply of revenue—for the restoration of
public credit—fpr the feinvigoration of commerce as well
as of manufactures? Did we'not appeal to past experience
to demonstrate that these would be the certain and bene-
ficial results? While, on the other hand, did not the oppo-
nents of the measure predict directly the opposite result—
diminished revenue, decaying commerce,- oppressive.-
prices, reduced value of the great staples of export? They
told Us these would be the results of passing the bill, while
prosperity would return if we would remain inactive. - We
followed -ourjown opinions; and now, when all our expec-
tations have, been realized, when our predictions have been
fulfilled, when theirs have been signally disappointed, they
coolly tell us. Oh, ill this would have happened without
your law. How do they know that? We trace an immedi-
ate connection between the law and "the revival of business.
We saw labor and industry forthwith finding employment—
artisans and mechanics called into active employment—gen-
eral. confidence inspired, professedly and avowedly in con-
sequence of the action of Congress. Are we not justified,
then, in our convictions that our returning prosperity dates
from the passage of the law? But we rest not upon our ex-
perience under that act alone. We refer to our repeated
and renewed experience tinder every previous act, from the
origin, of the government to this hour, which has been
founded-on-protectiveprinciples.
I ask the Honorable senator whether, in every discussion
which the protective policy has undergone, from 1816 down
to this time, it has not uniformly been/vindicated upon the
grounds which we stand upon "to-day? That it would not
prove ruinous to the revenue, nor to commerce, nor add to
prices, nor impair the demands of foreign nations for the
great articles of our exports? These have been the grounds
upon which the policy has been advocated. How has it
been resisted? Precisely as it has been resisted now, by the
senator from South Carolina. Speech upon speech has been
made, memorial after memorial presented, prediction multi-
plied upon prediction, all to the end that direct taxation
would be rendered necessary, to supply revenue; that our
ships would rot at the wharves for want of employment;
and that the poor and the laboring men would be grievous-
ly taxed and oppressed by excessive prices. What has been
the result? the uniform, constant, invariable result? Why,
sir, that apt one of these evils has been experienced. The
revenue, Under the highest duties, has been not merely
abundant,"but excessive—far beyond the wants of the treas-
ury. Commerce has largely increased. Prices ef all the ar-
ticles fabricated in this country generally and gradually de-
clined, under the operation of protective laws. The demand
for the great staple of southern production has not only not
been impaired, but has immensely .increased; and the pro-
duction-of it has been immensely enhanced. The counter
has advanced in all its great interests with a rapidity which
aWoSt Startles belief; and all this during the period of the
highest duties. In striking but just contrast and contradic-
tion to all the anticipations and predictions of the opponents
of this policy, I heard, a year or two ago, a distinguished
senator from South Carolina (Mr. Calhoun) attribute all the
evils which have come upon the country since 1836 and
1S37 to the enormous accumulation of revenue, and the vast
expansion given to business, in consequence of the act of
1828, which has most unjustly been called tlu- "bill of
abominations." That was a title given to it m advance by
its enemies, it was a bill of abominations in their estima-
tion, because it was to produce all the disastrous effects
upon revenue and commerce which had been predicted. It
proved, in the opinion oithe senator I have alluded to, a bill
of abominations, because it produced directly the opposite
effects; because, instead of destroying revenue, it yielded a
most inconvenient accumulation; because, instead ot de-
stroying commerce, it stimulated it to an undue extension,
infecting the currency, creating fictitious credit, and pro-
ducing a general system of overtrading and over-producing:
It produced just that state of things which the retiring Presi-
dent had in view on the 4th March, lSST,v<hPi\ he Announced
that he left this great country ''prosperous and happy.'' I
am ven* far from concurring in the views which the senator
from South Carolina (Mr. Calhoun) then presented On the
contrary, I thmk the evils of which he complained hcu: their
originin wholly different causes; but I refer to his opinions,
expressed a(t ihaX time, as a clear admission that none of the
consequences anticipated by him and his friends, the oppo-
nents of the act of1828, were realized. Commerce increased^
wealth increased, manufactures increased, internal commu-
nications and improvements greatly increased, and general
prosperity was everywhere exhibited.
Now-jrfr, with all this experience fresh in our recollec- ,
tion, with such results predicted on the one hand, and de-
nied on the^pther, I ask if we are not justified in the conclu-
sions, upon the principles of inductive philosophy; that those
are really and truly the consequence of the policy which
they so immediately and so uniformly follow—especiaily
when directly .the opposite results have uniformly attended
the opposite policy? What was the condition of the coun-
try prior to the enactment of the tariff of 1824, which may
be regarded as the first really efficient measure of protection
adopted by the government? The act of 1789 was declared
on the face of it to be a measure designed, .among other
tilings; "for the encouragement^ and protection of manufac-
tures." The duties were" generally low, but still were high
enough in the then state ofthings for some protection. The
condition of the world for a quarter of a century'rendered
the prosecution of commerce more important to us, than
that of manufactures.. All the'capital of the country, of
which we had very little compared with the present time,
was devoted to commerc.c, and manufactures were deemed
of secondary importance. After the peace, the act of 1816
was passed; but, although designed for efficient protection,
it afforded very little, except to coarse cottons. Notwith-
standing Very heavy Importations of foreign merchandise
for some years afterwards, the revenue was not adequate to
the wants of the government. Commerce languished-—man-
ufactures "declined—real estate every where—.money was
borrowed for the ordinary support of government, in a
time of peace, and signs of general distress and alarm per-
vaded the country. After two or three years' effort, the
act of 1824 was passed, giving to most branches of industry
efficient protection. The c.ottntry prospered. It prospered
still more under the act of 1828. Then came the "compro-
mise-' act of 1832, which provided for a gradual reduction of
duties. The minimum rate, however, was not reached until
Jujie, 1842. The rate during the years 1839, 1840, and 1841,
was in several respects, not in all instances, too low for pro-
tection. What was the state of things in these years, and
especially in 1843. when the duties had fallen to the lowest
point? The revenue fell short of the expenditures several
millions annually. Business was suspended. Commerce
declined. . The wages of labor were reduced, and laborers
were without employment. Precisely such a state ofthings
as existed prior to the adoption of the constitution and the
enactment of the first law on the subject of duties, which
was also designed for the "encouragement arid protection of
manufactures"—and such also ae existed prior to the act of
1824. Take the three periods of low duties, prior to the tariffs
of 1789, of 1824, and of 1S42, and we find the same general fea-
tures of stagnation, decline, and embarrassment, in the affairs
of the country; and we find, moreover, improvement and
advancement uniformly following the adoption of measures
calculated and intended to protect the labor and industry
and productions of our people. What more legitimate infer-
ence, then, can be drawn, than that these benefical results,
this steady prosperity constantly succeeding the#enactment
of protective laws, are truly the conseqences of such laws?
The senator from South Carolina, I know, controverts these
conclusions. They do not accord with his theory. They
are not reconcilable with the, "fundamental laws" of na-
tional wealth, created and promulgated by Adam Smith,
and which are therefore fixed, established, incontrovertible.
I am well aware, sir, that m the exact sciences, in mathe-
matics, geometry, &c , truths once established are truths
forever, and may always be assumed in all future reasoning.
They do not require to be proved anew, whenever fiesh oc-
casion to use them arises. No expr.ienc.e, no researches,
no discovery, jym prove that the three angles of a triangle
are not equal to two right angles, nor can change the rela-
tion of numbers to each other. Two and two will always
make four, and five times ten will never be less than fifty.
So in natural philosophy, the laws of motion and of gravi-
tation, now well established, may with undoubting confi-
dence he always assumed. No discoveries, no experience,
no theories, in all human probability, can ever shake them.
But in moral philosophy, m metaphysics, in political econo-
my, the same undoubting confidence cannot always, perhaps
not often, be attained. Absolute demonstration cannot be
reached, as in the sciences, which, because they do admit of
absolute ueit int> , aie called exact sciences. In these, new
and further experience may overthrow many principles
which were deemed fundamental, and well established by
earlier reasoners. Especially in the science of political
economy, m what regards national wealth, what mighty
revolutions have taken place in human affairs, since Adam
Smith investigated the subject! Has the world learned
nothing since his time* Is the experience of the present
day worth nothing in determining the groat questions dis-
cussed by him0 Above all, is our own experience of no
value in deciding upon our own interests, because Adam
Smith's conclusions, formed in his day, under different cir-
cumstances, are the settled law of the world now, and for
all coming time? Great and unforeseen changes, new ele-
ments not then dreamed of by him. have since operated on
the condition and circumstances of nations. How enor-
mously have the productions of manufactures been in-
creased by discoveries in machinery, and by steam power,
the great agent of modern times.' At the period when
Smith's book was written, this America of our day was
composed of several colonies; and, so far as he had any
power to control their destinies, he desired to keep them in
a state of colonial dependence forever. His book recom-
mends it. He thought it would be greatly for their benefit.
That was one of the conclusions he leached by "the induc-
tne process," and I suppose is among the "fundamental
laws" established hv him, which are never to be brought
question. Cut we are now independent, and our independ-
ence has of itself produced a great change and revolution
in the business of the world. Besides this, the article which
has become one of the greatest, if not the very greatest sta-
ble of the commerce of the world, has not only almo-t
'Vown up since hi* day from nothing, hut in this country
has grownup entirely. Not a pound dl cotton was roiled
in the now United States, when he promulgated his doctrine
of the wealth of nations. The idea that America was so
soon to become not only independent, but also to be the sec-
ond commercial power of the world, and the greatest pro-
ducer of the greatest staple of that commerce, as
well as of the most extensive manufacture which the
world had ever witnessed, H ever 'entered into his Concep-
tion. What effects these vast changes were to product upon
the affairs of the world, his philosophy never dreamed of.
And with all our knowledge of these effects, with ourexpe-
rience.of the infiitwices of so many active and operating
causes as have been at work for three-quarters of a century-,
are we to repose upon the conclusions, however honestly
made and however inductively reached, of one whose eyes
never opened upon the improved condition of the' world at
the present day? Is the effect which has been produced
upon the commercial relations arid condition of nations, the
change from comparatively limited intercourse to one of al-
most unbounded expansion, which the whole world has ex-
perienced, to he disregarded"* Unlike the mathematics and
other kindred sciences, political economy may be regarded
as a progressive, and, it. you please, a changing science.
When a nation (as Venice did once, and Holland alterwards)
holds in its hand almost the entire commerce of the world,
that may be and would be deemed good policy which, un-
der other circumstances, when the sceptre of commerce
and the trident of the ocean were wielded by other hands,
would be regarded as most pernicious. The policy of na-
tions must change as the allairs of the world change.- Du-
ring the long wars of the French revolution, our interests
lay in commerce and agriculture. Our policy was to reap
the rich harvests which those fields of industry yielded. But
on the return of a general peace, the world presented a
wholly different aspect. We had ne longer the ocean to
ourselves; and the coDSwmers of our agriculture became
themselves producers. "VVe no longer found the markets
abroad which we had been accustomed to find. What more
necessary and what more natural, then, than that our policy
should change, and that, too, ■without any regard to the doc-
trines of Adam Smith? The senator supposes that the prin-
ciples of this distinguished philosopher have been univer-
sally recognised. On the contrary, sir, I think they have
been very much contested especially contested, in the Uni-
ted States by some of the most distinguished statesmen, of
our country. So also on the continent of Europe. They
have not only been disputed by statesmen and philosophers,
but have been practically repudiated by most of the natiois
of the present My. The authority of Washington and
Franklin, in what regards our national independence and
wealth, is quite-as good authority forme as the doctrines
of Adam Smith.
[Mr. McDuffie. Franklin, is against you. I will abide
by his doctrine. He is with me.]
I think not, sir. It will be quite easy to find, if I recollect
right, opinions of Franklin in favor of building up American
manufactures. He thought we embraced within ourselves
all the elements of national greatness and wealth, which
ought to he developed and fostered and promoted. So-
thought and so said the father of his country, and so thought
and so said many, very many, of the eminent statesmen and
patriots who achieved the independence, established the lib-
erty, and flamed the constitution of our country.
The senator took occasion, to advert to another remark,
incidentally- made by me, which, if he accurately com-
prehended, he has certainly not very fairly answered. In
reply to the senator's argument for discriminating in fa-
vor of the poor when duties are laid, I said, that it
seemed t© me a much more humane and statesmanlike ob-
ject so to legislate, if possible, as to do away with pov-
erty entirely—so to shape our policy as to give em-
ployment to the poor, and thus to enable them to obtain for
consumption what their necessities might require. The
senator affects tojundeistand me as recommending to legis-
late poyertyj out of existence, by a simple enactment, by a
law, declaring that from and after such a day, the first of
July next, "poverty be, and hereby is, abolished through-
out the United States." Did I utter any sentiment so fool-
ishly absurd as that? The senator finds it qiUte easy, I
doubt not, to answer a proposition so ridiculous as that
which he has stated. But, if he will deal with the^argument
which I did employ, and upon which the protective policy
mainly rests—the mitigation of the evils>ofpoverty, and
removing the causes of it—by giving profitable employ-
ment to labor—by encouraging industry—he may not
- find it quite so easy to furnish a satisfactory reply. Con-
gress, he says, cannot give relief to poverty~"for we
have nothing to give—we arc as poor a* church mice."
"Relief can only be afforded by giving either our own mo-
ney, orby taking it from one person to bestow on anoth-
er.''' "Legislation cannot create wealth—it cannot make
two blades of grass grow where only one grew before''
Government cannot, he says, "in the very nature of things,
give either money, wages, profits, or any thing else, to one
man or class of men, which it does not first take from an-
other." Now, sir, I must take leave to differ with the sena-
tor entirely in the opinions he has expressed to the efiect, or
wastol effect, of legislative enactments upon tbe business
and industry and prosperity of a community. The history
-of commerce—of manufactures—of agriculture—of the arts
—of every thing—is full ofinsiances of improvement, ad-
vancement, and progress, in consequence of wise laws,
adopted to foster and promote their growth The business
of legislation is to open new avenues to industry—to furnish
new inducements to labor and enterprise, and thus to lead
to fresh and strongor tfiorts on the part of individuals in
their various pursuits. But nothing is g3ined by one, the
senator supposes, under such a stimulus, hut what is lost by
another. Legislation can only transfer from one men's
pockct to another man's pocket. Well, sir, if this were
ally so, I do not know that it would be a result much to be
deprecated, if the transfer were from the pockets of a for-
eign nation to the pockets of our own—if the rewards of in-
dustry the earnings of labor, were taken from the manufac-
turer and laborer of Europe, and given to the manufacturer
and laborer of America, the comforts—the competency—the
enjoyments, which euelf rewards and such earnings obtain,
would thereby lie transferred from other people to our own
-people. It would be an addition to our mitiounl strength
and our natieral w eylth. Louk at the cann'MH'iu.ej- K tr.lr-
■fng from the celebrated navigation aot^ ol i the hr ^
