SONGftESSiONAi. GLOBi.
-■si
,'1
tip 'private bills oft the Speaker's table from the
S&ridte,. on their third reading.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee asked if this was not
the day for resolutions.
The SPEAKER, said that it was, but the motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. White] be-
ing for a suspension of the rules, was in order.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. There is so much noise
in the hall that I Apprehend the question is not dis-
tinctly heard. -1 wish the House brought to order,
-and that the question may be again stated.
The SPEAKER brought the House to order, and
then put -the question on suspending the rules;
which was decided in the affirmative—ayes 93,
noes 46.
The rules being suspended, the following bills
were taken up, read a third time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy.
The bill for the relief of F. A. Kerr.
The bill for the relief of William de Peyster and
Henry N. Cruger.
The bill for the relief of John Atchison.
The bill for the relief ofWm. Henson.
The bill for the relief of Hiram Murch.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Campau.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Christopher
Miller.
The bill for the relief of Wm. McPherson.
The bill for the relief of George Harrison and his
sureties.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the rules be
suspended to go into Committee of the Whole on
the Cumberland road bill.
This motion was rejected.
Mr. CAMPBELL appealed to the House to
take up the District banks bill; which was first in
order. He held in his hand a compromise, which
was to protect the rights of the stockholders, and
enable the banks to wind up. He saw it was m
vain to ask for more at this late hour of the session;
and if gentlemen would only hear the proposition he
was about to offer, he was confident there would be
no objection to it. Mr. C. then moved to amend
the bill by striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting what he sent up to the chair.
The Clerk read the substitute, which appeared to
be a proviso to enable the banks to wind up their
affairs and recover debts due to them, by authorizing
the banks to sue and prosecute judgments, &c.
The amendment was agreed to; and in that shape
the bill was read a third time and passed. The title
of the bill was changed so as to read thus^ "an act
for the benefit of the stockholders of certain banks
in the District of Columbia."
A message was received from the Senate announ-
cing the concurrence of that body in the joint
resolution to suspend the 16th and 17th joint rules
for the purpose of allowing bills to be sent from one
body to the other to 12 o'clock this day.
Mr. A. V. BROWN, by general consent, made
several reports from the Committee on Territories.
Mr. J. THOMPSON also presented a report from
the Committee on Indian Affairs. He reported a
bill in relation to the administration of justice in
cases of crime committed in the Indian country.
When Arkansas was a territory, the judges of that
district had jurisdiction over the crimes alluded to;
but since that territory became a State, an alteration
of the law became necessary; and hence the bill
now reported, which was passed through its final
BOOKS TO MEMBERS.
Mr. OWEN moved a suspension of the rules, to
enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the resolution of this House of the 14th
instant, for the distribution of books to members, shall not
authorize the purchase of any books not already the prop-
erty of the House.
The resolution was rejected.
Mr. JONES stated that he had asked the yeas
and nays on Mr. Owen's resolution before the ques-
tion was put.
The SPEAKER said the confusion in the hall
was so great, that it was impossible for him to hear
the calls or remarks of members.
Mr. HARALSON stated that he distinctly heard
the gentleman from Tennessee call for the yeas and
nays, and hoped they would be granted, as many
gentlemen had voted for the resolution under a false
impression that the books already belonged to the
House, and he (Mr. H.) wished to record his vote
in favor of the resolution just offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana.
The CHAIR decided that the calljwas too late.
Mr. A. A. CHAPMAN again offered his resolu-
tion to authorize the payment to Mr. Goggin of his
mileage and per diem while contesting the seat of
Mr. Gilmer; but the rules were not suspended for
its reception.
Mr. SCHENCK moved a suspension of the rules,
that the House might go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, his object being
to take up the Cumberland road bill.
Mr. COBB called for the yeas and nays; and,
being ordered, they resulted thus—yeas 101, nays 67.
So the House resolved to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and Mr. Hop-
kins took the chair.
Mr. WHITE moved to take up the pension bills.
Mr. COBB moved that the committee rise; and
the committee rose accordingly, and reported that
the committee had risen without having had any
business before it.
Mr. HALE offered a resolution to place the pub-
lic stables under the superintendence of John Lee
during the recess.
The resolution was the usual one, but it was not
got in.
The hour for the adjournment of Congress had
now arrived within a few minutes, and great anxiety
prevailed, and many attempts were made to get in
resolutions.
Mr. PATTERSON tried ineffectually to . get in
the following:
Whereas, there are sundry public and private bills of
great importance that Congress ought not to defeat for the
want of a little more time, involving an amount of sacrifice of
both public and private interests, which no private consider-
ation should induce; now, therefore, be it
Resolved. That if the Senate concur therein, the res-
olution fixing the adjournment of Congress o.t Monday, the
17th inst, be rescinded, and that the President of the Senate
and Speaker of the House of Bepresentatives, close the pre-
sent session of Congress by adjournment of their respective
Houses on Thursday, the 20th inst., at 12 o'clock at noon.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the action of the
House on a joint resolution from the Senate to ex-
tend the hour of adjournment to two o'clock.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered;
and while they were being taken, the clock an-
nounced the arrival of the hour of 12.
The SPEAKER crested the call of the yeas and
nays, and announced that the hour fixed by res-
olution for the adjournment of Congress had ar-
rived, and then (amidst numeroiis cries of "points of
order") he proclaimed that this House stands ad-
joured sine die.
This sheet completes the Congressional Globe for (he first session of the 28th Congress, except the index to it, which our reporters
are making out, and which we hope we shall be able to send to our "subscribers for the work within three weeks from this time at
farthest. The index is a more tedious and laborious work than most persons would suppose. The persons who prepare it must read
every word in the work, and reflect and remark on almost every paragraph in it.
We shall complete the Appendix to the Congressional Globe, which contains all the long speeches made in both Houses of Congress,
and written out by the members themselves, in three or four weeks. It will make about 750 quarto pages, the same size as those of the
Congressional Globe. We have a few surplus copies, which we will dispose of for one dollar a copy, the original subscription price.
All who have filed the Congressional Globe should procure the Appendix to file and bind with it. Those subscribers to the Congres-
sional Globe, who may desire the Appendix should order it immediately; as, after the first of August, we shall offer it to the public in-
discriminately. The Appendix is a work which will be invaluable to all those of either party who intend to speak on the subject of
party politics during the approaching presidential contest, as it is made up entirely of speeches made and written out by the members
of Congress of both parties; which, therefore, cannot be denied by the members making them, and must attach to the party to which
they belong.
We have also on hand a few extra copies of the Congiessional Globe and Appendix for the three sessions of the 27th (last) Con-
gress—better known, perhaps, as the Whig Congress—which we will dispose of; but would prefer selling them to those subscribers
who have filed the Congressional Globe and Appendix for the 1st session of the 28th Congress—the one which has just closed. If not
disposed of to them by the 1st of August, they will be put into the electioneering market. The whigs, we think, would do well to
purchase these works and suppress them, as they contain a very full and correct history—a great portion of it written by the whigs
themselves—of their bank, bankrupt, distribution, and other disgraceful acts.
The Congiessional Globe and Appendix for the three sessions of the 27th Congress make about 3,700 quarto royal pages- which we
will, for sundry reasons which we cannot here detail, dispose of at the extremely low price of $5.
