713
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
South in the of^^ssive manner which1 the senatoxcontends
it toes, and I am not about to repeat that argument; butll
wiUheremake-rf brief reply, -which I promised just now,
to,tfe%w®«e?Jti©n of the senator,- that foreigners take just
as mu^fyof his labor, in exchange i0r their productions, as
he tak^spf theirs. I promised to show that this wasnot so;
and if it be not so, he .play find in that, one chief cause of
' tW$e<?lkre of southern prosperity, if it -.have really- declined
iiTtj&e manner which, Jae has supposed., 1 ha.ve already
Stated th#t no jjjstance,can be found,'of a nation becoming
permanently great &hd prosperous'wjhiqlf has but tine sin-
gly ihter£s£ to rely upon] and 1 will add. that no instance
pfctfi "be foufid of a nation' exporting ali its raw productions
being>ble .to riiaintain a competition,' in wealth or power,
with another which retains and manufactures them for ex.
portatioh. " Hear Adira Smith says on this matter;
"A small quantity of manufactured produce purchase* a
great quantity of rude produce. A tradings and manufactur-
ing country; therefore, naturally purchases with a small
part of its manufactured produce a great part of the rude
produce of other countries;- \Vhile, on the contrary, a coun-
try without trade' or manufactures is generally obliged to
purchase atthe expense of a great part of its rude produce
a very small part of the manufactured produce of Other
countries."
This is the condition of the South. It exports only its
rude produce; the raw. material, very little enhanced in
value uy labor. It requires, therefore, a very large propor-
tion of it* whole-production, to be given in exchange for a
^ery>,f mall proportion of the production, of the foreign man-
ilfaottirej^.with whom-the.eatehangp is made. The senator
say/jhe. exchanges labor for labor; so he does? but heex-
e^enges a-great deal of his labor for a very little of their
labor;, a large part of his production for a small part of their
production Manufactures are, in a great, degree, the pro-
dttction.of machinery; and a very little humanlabor, aided
by machinery, compensates a vast amount of labor em-
ployed.in the production of the rude material. For illus-
tration: tha cotton crop of-South Carolina, may be assumed
to'be of the value ot five inillions of dollars.' I presume
that it requires at least the labor of one hundred and fifty
thousand- persons, actually employed. ' Now, the whole
cotton manufacture of England, amounting, to twohundred
and^ixty millions of dollars, require*, according to Spack-
man,-tKe labor of. only about two hundred and hfty thous-
and persons. Deducting from the total produce the value
ofthe raw material—say fifty millions—and you have the
labor of two hundred and fifty thousand persons, amount-
ing to two hundred and ten millions. .To purchase, there-
fore, the labor of one hundred and fitty thousand per-
sons^ employed in growing the raw mateiial, the labor
olless than six thousand persons engaged in the manufae-
tureofit is necessary. I layout of view, on bothsides,
the capital employed, which, undoubtedly, is much
gi'eatei jn manufacturing than in raising the raw material,
as I am not entering into a comparison of profits, ,but merely
elucidating the idea that a nation which exports all its la-
tior, in the" shape ol rude produce, obtains very much less of
the labor of others, in a manufactured form, in exchange fox
it. The pewer ot machinery in Great Britain is stated by
Dnpin to be equal to eight millions of men; but the number
of persons actually employed in manufactures is said by
Spackman to be only four hundred and twenty-four thou-
sand twohundred and nine, in five of the most important
branches ot manufactures. Ofthe number employed in oth-
er branches I have no certain data for computing: but of hu
man labor Great Britain, I doubt not, employs less in pro-
ducing the enormous amount of eight hundred and sixty
millions of manufactured productions, (deducting the value
of the raw materials employed, probably one-third is am-
ple.) than is employed in the United States in raising all the
cotton, tobacco, and rice which is produced here, not ex-
ceeding, probably, sixty or seventy millions of dollars, and
employing one and a half million or more of actual laborers.
It is very evident that a nation whose whole labor is given
for one-half the labor of a.nother nation of equal population,
caViffot lort'g maintain an "equality in wealthror power. The
value of the labor of one is bnt one-half that of the other.
.But, sir, notwithstanding this inequality,'growing out of
the nature of the different kinds of labor, the senators quite
mistaken, I think, in the opinion which he has reiterated,
that capital at the South receives much less than that which
Is employed in manufacturing. He reaffirms that the profits
of manufacturing are twenty, thirty, and even forty per
cent, whil6 the profits ofthe planter do not exceed five per
Cent is this sol The senator has opened a great question,
which many will be ready enough to discuss with him—the
value of slave labor, compared with that of free labor; but I
have not the time nor the ability, and, perhaps, not the in-
clination, to pursue it fully. I content myself with pointing
out sOm'e of the errors into which, in my judgment, he has
fallen. And, in the first place, let us settle the meaning of
terms. What does he mean by "capital?-' what by "prof*
its?" Under the head of capital he includes lands, slaves,
implements of all kinds necessary to the cultivation of his
plantation. Profits he considers the nett receipts ot his crop
of cotton, tobacco, and rice. All his labor is capital. It
seenastome sir, that to make a fair comparison between
the profits of the planter and the manufacturer, he should
either strike out this item of capital, oi should make a just
allowance to the capital of the manufacturer for the labor
employed by him. But a better mode to test the relative
profits of labor at the South and the North, would be to as-
certain the relative amount of production; for if it should ap-
pear that the South produce"! as much in value, according to
its population, as the North, I apprehend it can have no
ground of complaint or jealousy, if, from othei causes, it
does not make so large a dividend on the capital which it
chooses to employ. If it employ an expensive capital, of
course it cannot expect the same profit that a less expensive
one would make. I feel under great obligations, and 1
am sure the country is, and Congress also, to a gentleman
<>f much distinction in Virginia, formerly a member of
Congress, Mr. Tucker, professor of moral philosophy and
political economy in the University of Virginia, lor what
seems tp me an exceedingly valuable, book, just published,
showing the progress ofthe United States in population and
wealth, in the last fifty years. The work is prepared from
authentic sources, and exhibits great industry, research, and
fairness, and i hope its intelligent author may find sufficient •
encotitagement'to jnirsue his inquiries and investigations,
and to favor the country with an extended edition. Among
the valuable tables containted in it, 1 find one entitled "Sum-
mary of the annuaj products of industry in the several
States, with the proportional amount to each individual of
the whole of thVfree' population in each State."' "Fromthjs
it appears that the total annuai'product of the six New Eng-
land States is $lS7,eff?,2>94, being an average of eight)-four
dollars per head, of their population. Thetotal product of
the Middle States, to and including the District of Colittobia,
is $890,#38,304, being an average of seventy-seven dollars
per head, of the free population. - Of the southern States,
Virginia, North and South! Carolina, Georgia, and the Ter-
ritory of Florida, the total valueof the production is $175,-
321,336, giving.an average of the free population of eighty-
seven dollars per head. The southwestern States produce
$138,607,378, an-average of ninety-seven dollars per head,
of their free population. The total product ofthe north-
western States, including Missouri, Kentucky, and the Ter-
ritories, is $170,9^9,925, being an average of forty-four dol-
lars per head, ofthe free population While, therefore, the
average production for every inhabitant of New England is
eighty-four dollars, it is, for every free person of the South-
ern States, eighty-seven dollars, and lor the southwestern
cotton-growing States, ninety-seven dollars. In South Car-
olina, the whole product is $27,173,536, an average of one
hundred and one dollers for every free inhabitant—consid-
erably exceeding-the average of New England, and quite
equal to that of Massachusetts, notwithstanding Massachu-
setts must have a inuchlarger capital employed. I admit
that these are averages founded upon the free population 5
and it is right that ii should be so. The southern labor is
regarded as capital, and not as persons; and the senator com-
putes his profits, regarding it as capital He cannot treat it
as capital, when he speaks of profits; and persons, when he
speaks or product. The free population of the South, by
the use'of so much capital, produce a given amount of value;
and so of the free population of the North; and thfc just
comparison is to be mftd6 between these two products.
But, sir, to pursue this matter a little .further. The sen-
ator says that the profits of the planting interest do not ex-
ceed five percent., in South 'Carolina,; that is to say, that
the cotton and rice produced pay no more than live per cent,
on the capital, land, labor, and all, invested in planting. Ho
takes into view nothing but cotton and rice. But does
South Carolina produec nothing but these7 One would sup-
pose, from the roannei ofthe discussion, that these were her
chief, if not sole products; but the whole product of South
Carolina amounts to twenty-seven Trillions and over, less
than one-quarter of which consists of cotton and riee.
The value of Indian corn, produced in that State,
is considerably- ereater than that of both togeth-
er, being - - - - $7,361,402
Whereas cotton amounts to - • $4,628,270
And rice to - 1,514,771
 0,143,041
Balance in favor of corn
3,219,361
It is abundantly manifest, therefore, that all the. capital
and labor of South Carolina are not devoted to raising co.tton
and rice* If these two give a profit of five per cent., then
the whole product of the State would give a profit of over
twenty per cent. Why are the other products kept out of
view7 vtfhy is the whole wear and tear of capital thrown
on cotton and rice alone7 1 take it, before the senator can
say that labor and capital are not as \\ ell rewaided in South
Carolina as they are at the North, he must take the whole
product into the account, and not that, only which he
chooses to sell for money. Let the same mode be pursued
in both instances, and the true relative value will be seen.
[Mr. McDuffif-said: I do not know what argument of
mine the senator is answering. I am not conscious of hav-
ing said anything to which his argument applies. I merely
stated that the profits of cotton planters did not amount to
five per cent, on their capital.]
I Know that; and I know that the senator stated, also, that
the profits of manufacturers-were twenty, tbirtyr and even
forty per cent.; and, on account of this inequality, he de-
nounced, with great vehemence, the protective policy, to
which he attributed it. I am endeavoring to show that no
such inequality exists; that the productions of labor and
capital are as great at the South as at the North*, and I re-
peat, that he is not to throw the whole cost of all the pro-
ductions! of South Carolina on cotton and rice alone, when
much of its labor and,eapital are otherwise employed. The
labor and capital of that State yield a product of over twen-
ty-seven millions, less than one-quaiter of which, (cotton
and rice.) pays a profit, according to the senator, ot five per
cent. If he will include all the products of that labor and
capital, the profits will be near twenty-five per cent. Whv
are these excluded from his calculation? The senator will,
undoubtedly, answer, that he makes no account of the other
agricultural productions, because they are all necessary to
the sustenance of the laborers themselves, and are con-
sumed by them, yielding 110 profit to the planter; that he
gets no returns for them. But this will be no satisfactory
reply. If he chooses to employ, as capital, a kind of labor
which earns little or nothing beyond its own subsistence, he
cannot, of course, expect very large profits, or even any
profits at all; nor does it furnish any just ground of com-
plaint, that investments in other pursuits, where the capital
does not require so great expense of maintenance, is more
lucrative, it is one of the inseparable circumstances and
conditions of his mode of investment, that the capital re-
quires so large a portion of its earnings to sustain itself-its
daily preservation and subsistence. If the machinery of
the manufacturer required such expensive repairs and pres-
ervation, the profits of investments in those pursuits would
be found quite as low as those which the senator supposes
the southern planter now to derive. If the machinery of
the planter expends one-halt or two-thirds of its power in
providing support for itself, can he expcct to obtain the
same rate of profits on the capital invested, as others obtain,
whose machinery does not expend one-twentieth or one-
fiftieth of its power for the same purpose? Professor Tuck-
er furnishes data on this subject, by which some estimate
may be made of the very expensive nature of the capital in-
vested in-southern labor. He commutes-that'only.ihre£-
fifths, of the whole number of slave* are employed as actual
product- He says: s
"T.ijf. S't;A-vEs--r—As in this part of the,population, b<>ih wo-
men,and children are, employed* in field labort especially in
i.1. _ IAH^A nficifl'n frtthft lOhAI^
is" usu&l; but, oixtjie other hand, that proportion, puSt I e
greatly reduced when we recollect that nearly 84 per cent,
of the v^hole number are under ten years ofagp; and, th^t
much, tnelarger part of the females, as wellns a considera-
ble number,,of the male's,"both adults and' hoys, are .employ-
ed as household servants, who .were not rec.kQned in this
part of thecerisus. "SVhen, to these deductions, we'jpak? a
fair allowance for the infirm and superannuated, tv^o-^fths of
the whole number would seem to he a liberal estimate for
the-slave labor comprehended in the census: and-tlya'r^ugh
estimate receives confirmation from a careful inspection of
the returns, and a comparison between the number of pro-
ductive laborers,in the slaveholding and other States." ~
The meaning of this last sentence is not very clearly ex-
pressed; but from the paragraphs which follow it, we per-
ceive that the author intended to. express the opinion that
three-fifths of the whole number of slaves are producers,
and two-fifths non-producers. Now, when you consider
that two-fifths of the capital (perhaps not so largea.propor-
tion in value, however, but at all events no inconsiderable
portion) is not only wholly unproductive, but is a positive
burden upon the productive portion,- ought it to be a matter
of much surprise that no more than a profit of five per cent,
can be realised upon the whole of it? If rice and cotton to-
gether, amounting in value to six millions of dollars, be
only about one-third of the whole agricultural product of
South Carolina, leaving out of view the raising of animals,
which is four millions more, it is apparent that what the
senator calls the profits ofthe planter, is only the product of
one-third ofthree-fifths of the capital thus invested; thatis, of
one-fifth-only. Now, sir, this is far beyond any profits de-
rived from manufacturing. One-fifth of the capital thus in-
vested yields no such returns; indeed, the whole capital, in
a series of years past, in no branch <?f manufactures, has
\ ielded, on an average, evon 6 per cent. In order to any
fust comparison of profits between the planting interest and
the manufacturing interest, the senator must do one of two
things: he must cither regard his labor as mere labor, and
not as capital, or he must add to the capital invested in man-
ufactures the labor actually employed, and two-fifths'more,
unemployed, together with all the subsistence of that labor,
all the expenses of ustenance of the laborers themselves,
and of the non-producing members of their families. He
will see that, in this way, the capital ^ ill be swelled enor-
mously, and the profits, of course, proportionably diminish-
ed But, regarding the question as one of the products of
industry in the different sections, he will find that the avei-
age per capita is greater in the planting States than in the
manufacturing States. The tables, however, in Mr. Tuck-
er's book, do not give so full information as to the exact
products of labor as is desirable. Then oduct stated is the
product of labor and capital combined; and this is to be
kept in view; otherwise, very delusive results would be
reached. -For instance, it appears that thetotal product of
the northwestern States and Tetritories-rMissouri, Kentuc-
ky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, an4 Iowa
—is $170,989,925; being an average of forty-four dollars per
head ofthe population; whereas, the average in New Eng-
land is eighty-four dollars, and in Massachusetts one hun-
dred and two dollars, and in Rhode Island one hundred and
ten dollars.
But, after all, these new States are increasing much more
rapidly in wealth and population, and the earnings of labor
are undoubtedly as great there as elsewhere. Else, why
such a vast emigration to them? It must be considered that
the forty-four dollars earned there is almost entirely for la-
bor. The capital employed is very small. Land's are cheap,
stock and,agricultural implements of no large amount. But
in New England, a large capital is employed to enable the la-
borers to earn the eighty-four dollars per head. The interest
of this, the wear and tear of machinery, the loss and decay
of ships, are all to be provided for, leaving the balance for la-
bor ; and after all these deductions are made, there can be no
question but that the average earnings of labor are as great
in the western States as in the East. To illustrate this,
suppose there are one hundred men in New England,,whose
annual production, as exhibited in the tables, is one hundred
doilsrs each, amounting to ten thousand dollars; while the
same number, in South Carolina or Indiana, appear to have
produced seventy-five dollars each, amounting to seven
thousand five hundred dollars; it would appear, at first
view, that the production were twenty-five per cent, greater
in the former than in the latter. But, in order to-earn the
ten thousand dollars, suppose they have been obliged to em-
ploy a capital of fifty thousand dollars in their operations,
the interest of which is three thousand: it is apparent that
they have really earned only seven thousand dollars for
labor, which U less than the same number, without capital,
produced m the other States. We are, therefore, to take in-
to ^careful consideration all the circumstances attendant
upongthe production, to determine the just proportions
which capital and labor earn in the different sections of
the country; and when this is done, I am confident there
will be no occasion for supposing that any one of them is
obtaining a disproportionate reward, at the expense of any
other.
The senator from South Carolina, in the concluding part
of his speech, broachcd another idea, to w-hich I feel bound
to pay some attention, and which I may as well bestow up-
on it here, as in connection with the topic which he illus-
trated by it. He aflirms that the northern and eastern sec-
tions of the country "now receive the greater portion (prob-
ably nine-tenths) of-the enormous disbursements of this
wasteful and extravagant government;" and he attributes
no small share of their prosperity to this cause, I hardly
know what this has to do with the act of 1842, if the fact
were so. It would be a very fit subject for consideratioit
and for adjustment, when the appropriation bills, or other
bills authorizing disbursements, are on their passage; but,
at present, Jhe discussion of such a topic seems to me inap-
propriate- -But, as it is affirmed, I must taku the occasion
to den'y it altogether. I assert that there fs ho such dispro-
portion as the senator supposes. He certainly cannot have
