APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
F^b, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Emm.
Senate.
how is Virginia to obtain her fair share of the one hundred
and twenty millions of imports? She exports but three and
a half millions,-and of course can import but that amount.
She raises nothing which South Carolina, or Alabama, or
Mississippi want. There can be no trade between them.
Her consumption should be, in proportion to,her population,
double that of the two former, and quadruple that of the
latter State. How is she to pay for her Excess of.consump*
tion / The result would be, that, m a short time, Virginia
would cpme to some reckoning with the other more favored
States of the confederation, and demand some adjustment on
a more equitable basis. She would say to-her neighbors,
our good friends in Europe, which is our national market,
impose a duty on my tobacco of several hundred, in some
instances, two thousand per cent., while your cotton is" al-
most free. Something must be done to equalize this matter.
You must pay me a drawback on my tobacco, or we cannot
buy, your imports. You must buy more ol us, or we can-
not buy of you. We must manufacture for ourselves, and
for you, too, or we have nothing to pay. Then comes the
question of taxation, of production, of home industry, the
same which arises now, Virginia must insist, and
will insist, that her coal and iron shall be consumed
in preference to that of England—that her cotton man-
ufactures shall be protected, and soon she will have wool-
len manufactures too. Finding herself possessed of every
element of national wealth, she would insist, and justly
insist, on developing her rich and exhaustless re-
sources. She would enter largely into manufactures,
into mining, salt works, glass works, navigation, for-
eign and internal commerae, and every other branch
of human' industry. She would, and will yet, and
must become, what she has illimitable means of becoming,
a manufacturing and commercial, as well as an agricultural
State. She ought long ago to have been such. In the new
confederacy she would be made more deeply sensible of her
„true interests, with far less experience than she has already
"had. Hitherto, the North has furnished large markets for
her flour and corn, but in the new order of .things this is to
cease. The North is to be too poor to consume these prod-
ucts of Virginia; and, besides, it would disturb the harmo-
ny of the system. If the North should presume to buy the
corn and flour of Virginia, they might pay for it in Ameri-
can manufactures; and that'agam would destroy to that ex-
tent, the demand for the foreign-made fabric which South
Carolina imports. It is apparent that Virginia would very
soon become a manufacturing State, and would insist upon
paying South Carolina, for whatever of British productions
she might want, in Viiginia manufactures. She would say,
we will take your raw cotton, and spin and weave it; but
you must buy of us the cloth which you require, that is
made from it. We will buy the silks and wines you got
from France, but you must take our iron and iron manufac-
tures in exchange, and our wool and woollens. Our ships
must be protected and encouraged to carry your productions,
and to return your imports; and .if South Carolina woyld
not accede to all this, Virginia and South Carolina would be
quite as much at variance as the South and North now are.
The homogeneous would be utterly broken up.
But, worse than this, how would South Carolina herself
get along? How could she stand the competition with Ala-
ama and Mississippi? With a less population, they would
make by far the largest portion of the imports. How is
South Carolina to obtain her equal share for consumption?
What one single thing does South Carolina produce which
Mississippi ants? For the same reason that would operate
on Virginia, South Carolina also would inevitably be com-
pelled to manufacture for her own consumption. In this
new confederacy, with but one interest—the growth of raw
material for exportation, she would be very far behind Ala-
bama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, in the relative proportion
of her productions. She would have nothing which either
of these States wanted, with which to purchase her just
share of the imports, and would be compelled to enter upon
some new field of industry, to save herself from utter ruin.
South Carolina, with a population, in round numbers, of six
hundred thousand, produces six millions for export; while
Mississippi, with three hundred and seventy-five thousand,
produces fifteen millions. Mississippi, therefore, as com-
pared with South Carolina, imports as fifteen to six. Mis-
sissippi can import, and, according to the senator'? argu-
ment, can consume, at the rate of forty dollars a head for all
her population; while South Carolina can only import and
consume at the rate of ten dollars, and Virginia less than
three dollars. This would be a state of things which could
not last. The inevitable result would be, that the northern-
most States of the confederacy, utterly unable to obtain for
all their labor, devoted to the growth of rude produce, suf-
ficient for their wants in the manufactures of Europe,
would, of absolute necessity, begin to supply them-
selves by home production; and then the same ques-
tions of tariffs and protection would grow up, and
would finally be settled, just as they are now settled, in fa-
-vor of home industry. There can be no other possible re-
sult. Can any senatorpoint out in what way those States,
which are to be the smallest producers of exportable arti-
cles, are to be the largest consumers of the imports1 No,
sir; there is no possible way in which it can be done. Then,
as between the southern and the western confederacies, dif-
ficulties of no small embarrassment must grow up. I have
already shown that the We&tmust not be an exporter, nor a
manufacturer, for either ofthese destroysthe whole founda-
tion on which the prosperity of the South is to be built up.
In such a state of things, how is the western confederacy to
be supported?. Whence its revenue? The honorable sena-
tor says that tne southern confederacy, by imposing a duty
of lOpercent. on the one hundred and twenty millions of
imports, will obtain a revenue of twelve millions annually,
fully sufficient for all its wants. But what is the West to do?
Supposing her confederacy to need no more than twelve
millions also, how is she to obtain it? Admitting that she is
able to consume halfthe imports, (sixty millions,) she will
be compelled, if she raise her revenue on imports, to pay a
duty—first, the 10 per cent, already Assessed in the South,
and next, 20 per cent, more for her own purposes—that is,
six millions to the revenue of the South, and twelve millions
to her own treasury—in all, eighteen millions on an import
of sixty millions. This calculation supposes, of course, that
all imports are dutiable. Nothing is to be free. Neither
$ea, nor coffee, nor salt, nor even specie. Everything is
to be taxed; and the western confederacy is to have the
great privilege of paying one-half ot all the revenue'
of the southern confederacy, and to pay, in the whole,
fully as much on imports as was p&id last year by all
the United States together. It ,is hot easy to conjecture what
amount of revenue will be necessary-for the support.of
the ultra-montane confederation. "W hat'are to be its limits1
If it is to stretch across the Rocky mountains, and wave its
sceptre on the shores of the Pacific, how many mounted
regiments, how many troops, how many fortifications, how
many military roads and militaryvposts, will be required for
its security, no one' can foretell. That its expenditures
will be great, cannot be doubted. If the revenue be de-
rived from duties on the -imports which it makes from the
southern confederacy, the southern, in return, will begin to
impose duties on the provisions and live animals received in
return. Then follow retaliatory regulations,- counter legis-
lation, border difficulties, and all the preliminary and in-
cipient measures of animosity and strife. If, finally, from
these, or from any^causes,-open war should bxeak out be-
tween any two of tliese confederacies, or- with any foreign
nation, how is the prosperity and happiness of the southern
confederacy to be affected? She, under no circumstances
whatever, could engage in hostilities with England, her '
"natural market." Deprived of her only customer, cut oft',
from all her accustomed supplies, a single year would
prove utterly ruinous to her. ftemember, she is to have no
intercourse with the impoverished North. She is not to be
a navigating, and hence not a naval power. Her sole re-
source is in planting and in exchanging, her rude produce
with Europe. How long can she endure a total suspension
of that intercourse, even though she should not "be called
upon to pay one dollar for defence, nor to have her coasts
ravaged and her cities laid waste? Suppose, for a single
moment, that the manufactures of cotton m the middle and
eastern States should now be annihilated, as they are to be in
the new state of things which the senator imagines, thus re-
moving all demand for cotton for home consumption; and sup.
pose, further, that without the perils and expenses and dan-
gers of a foreign war, Europe, or England alone, should re-
fuse to take another pound of cotton fiom the United States:
what would be the^condition of the South? If industry there
is depressed now, if the profits of planting are small, if the
South is becoming more and more impoverished, as the
senator asserts, what must it be in such a case1 And if thus
brought to the verge of ruin, what would she be, if, super-
added to all this, she should be plunged in war with the
most powerful nation of the world, and left alone, single
handed, to sustain the conflict7 Let senators consider for
themselves.
Again: if, instead of a war with Bngland, or some other
power of Europe, the southern confederacy, should be
brought into collision with either of the others—deeply to
be deplored certainly, but not impossible, perhaps notim-
probable—does the South see in such a calamity nothing to
be apprehended disastrous to southern interests1 She can-
not, on a sudden emergency, become very strong as ana\al
power, though her citi7ens be ever so brave or chivalrous.
She must have allies who command the ocean, and who but
her best customers, and her sole manufacturers the English?
British fleets will ride in her harbors and upon her coasts,
if not British bayonets defend her soiL Does the senator
see any security lorsouthern institutions in such an alliance?
Is British feeling, British policy, not to say philanthropy, is
"the grasping ambition of England," of which we hear so
much, all to be calmed, allayed, soothed down, in favor of
southern peculiar institutions? Is British policy to take a
new direction? Is that proud boast, in the inflated lan-
guage ol one of her orators, about "the sacred soil
of Britain," where the altar and the god fall to-
gether, and the chains are unriveted before "the
genius of universal emancipation," to be all unsaid and
unwritten? But, independent of all interference oi al-
liance in that quarter, are southern interests more likely to
be respected or protected, under the new confederacies
which are to be formed, than they are now? What at this
moment is the great security under which they rest1
What but the constitution of these United States? To that
they cling—and under that, and that alone, they insist up-
on the enjoyment of all which it guaranties to them. Is
there any thing in the signs of the times, in the condition of
public opinion in this country, to induce the South to be-
lieve that when this constitution is broken up, and new
forms of government are established, any greater security
will be provided for their interests than is now furnished1
Is that "spirit of fanaticism," as the senator has called it,
which he supposes to prevail m the North, hostile to the
interests of the South, to be allayed and quieted, when the-
restraints of the constitution are removed, and when the
anxious solicitude for harmony and peaee~a«d_Jr€rteraal re-
gard, which animate much the largerportion of the free
States, is turned into alienation and distrust? What reme-
dies does the senator expect will be voluntarily provided
<or the escape of fugitives "held to service,'' in the language
of the constitution, by the new government to be instituted
in the free States1 No, sir; when all connections and mutu-
al obligations arc dissolved, all constitutional jestrains ab-
rogated, the South will m vain look for any relief or sup-
port of its institutions from the neighboring confedcr,icier
A half century would not goby—no, not the half ot it, if such
a deplorable event as that which the senator supposes should
take place—before the South would exhibit, not the flowery
and smiling fields which he has pictured—not the wealth
and prosperity and happiness which he dreams of—
but decay and desolation, and dreary wastes and pover-
ty, of which he has no conception. No nation, as 1 endeav-
ored to show j esterday, ever did, no nation ever will, or ever
con, become permanently great, or powerful, or weoltl y
whose whole labor is devoted to one, and outy one pursuit,
especially if that be the production of rude materials, which
other nations enjoy the profits of manufacturer*1 It 3*
against all history, against all philosophy, against every
doctrine of political economy, which has ever found respect-
able suppoit any w here. The great and only security for
the South is to remain a component part, a great part of a
nation where diversity of interests and of pursuits prevail—
where, by free intercommunication and exchange, the pro-
fits oflabor and industry in all the sections will be equal-
ized, and where the benefit of one promotes the benefit ef
all. But the senator rejects all this. His faith is stropg
against all ^xperienoe, against the history of all nations,
against all the warnings, and admonitions, and legacies
bequeathed to us by the fathers of the co|intry^-the patriots
and sages and statesmen of the purer and earlier age of the
republic. Sir, this matter was early, considered, early dis-
cussed. The value of internal commerce as a bond of union,
the diversity of soil, climate, and pursuit, as a source of
wealth and national strength, occupied much.of the patriot-
ic thought and patriotic hope of tl^e framers of the constitu-
tion. ' - " ' " i ' t
I could read upon this topic what every senator no .doubt
has often read, but which I fear few remember' 'and ponder,
as it deserves to be remembered and ^pondered, the farewell
admonition of him so justly styled the "Father of .his Coun-
try"—-an admonition from one not only of singular purity
of life and integrity, and of practical wisdom, j)u| of com-
prehensive views and far-reaching sagacity, as to-the true
interests of the country, and of the danger to which it would
be exposed. In reading this address, it almost seems  that
. the very discussion we are now.engaged in was foreseen
by him; for how admirably has he answered many of the
.suggestions and arguments which have been used on this
occa-sion.
Allow me to call the attention of the Senate to an extract
or two from this venerable and venerated bequest:
"The unity of government wfyich constitutes you one
people is also now dear to you. It is justly so; for it is a
main pillar in the edifice of your real independence; the
support of your tranquillity^at home; your peace abroad;
of your safety; of your prosperity; of that very liberty
which you so highly prize. But as it is easy to foresee
that, from different causes and from -different quarters, much
pains will be taken, many artifices employed, to weaken in
your minchs the convictions of this truth—as this is the
pomt in your political fo'itress against which the batteries
of internal and external enemies will be mo.st constantly
and actively (though often covertly and insidiously) di-
rected." ' ' '
How different this, from the glowing imagery of the sena-
tor from South Carolina, who sees all these blessings, "in-
dependence;"1 "tranquillity," "peace,""safety,""prosperity,"
ay, "liberty," too, in a separate government for each of
the great divisions of the Country. But to go on and hear
his paternal advice:'
"It is of infinite moment that you should properly estimate
the immense value of your national Union to your collect-
ive and individual happiness; that you should cherish a
cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accus-
toming yourselves to think and speak of it as of the palla-
dium of your political safety and prosperity; watching for
its preservation with jealous anxiety; discountenancing
whatever may suggest even a suspicion that it can in any
event be abandoned; and indignantly frowning upon the
first dawning of every attempt to alienate any portion of
our country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties
which now link together the various parts."
Again, in reference to diversity of interests, furnishing
stronger an,d additional inducements for union:
"Every portion of our country finds the most command-
ing motives for carelully guarding and preserving the union
" of the whole.
"The North, in an unrestrained intercourse with the
South, protected by the equal laws of a common govern-
ment, finds in the productions of the latter greater additional
resources of maritime and commercial enterprise, and pre-
cious materials of manufacturing industry. The South, in
the same intercourse, benefiting by the same agency of the
North, sees its agriculture grow and its commerce expand.
Turning partly into its own channels the seamen of the
North, it finds its particular navigation invigorated; and,
while it contributes in different ways to nourish and in-
crease the general mass of thenationalnavigatioh.it look-i
forward to the protection of a maritime strength to which to
which itself is unequally adapted. The East, in like inter-
course with the West, already finds, and in the progressive
improvement of interior communications by land and water
will more and more find, a valuable vent for the commodi
ties u hich it brings from abroad or manufactures at home."
Again:
• "The West derives from the East supplies requisite to its
growth and comfort, and, what is perhaps of still greater
consequence, it must of necessity owe the secure enjoyment
of indispensable outlets for its own productions to .the
weight, influence, and the future maritime strength of the
Atlantic side of the Union, directed by an indissoluble com-
munity of interest as one nation. Any other tenure by
which the West can hold this essential advantage, whether
derived from its own separate strength, or from an apostate
and unnatural connection with any foreign power, must be
intrinsically precarious.
"While, then, every part of our country thus feels an im-
mediate interest in union, all the parts combined cannot'foil
to find in the united mass of means and efforts greater
strength, greater resource, proportionably greater security
from external danger, a less frequent interruption of their
peace b} foreign nations-, and, what is of inestimable value,
they must derive from union an exemption from those
broils and wars between themselves which so frequently
afflict neighboring countries not tied together by the same
government, which their own rivalships alone would be
sufficient to produce, but which opposite foreign alliances,
attachments, and intrigues, would stimulate and embitter."
Then, as to the causes which may be apprehended as op-
erating to impair the Union; how pointedly and emphati-
cally does General Washington put the seal of his con-
demnation on the idea that there is any real difference of lo-
cal interests:
"In contemplating the causes which may disturb our
Union, it occurs as matter of serious concern that -any
ground should hove been furnished for characterizing par-
ties by geographical discriminations—northern an-1 south-
ern, Atlantic and western—whence designing men may en-
deavor to excite a belief that there is a real difference of lo-
cal interests and views. One of the expedients of party to
acquire influence within pruticulai districts is to misrepre-
sent the opinions and aims of other districts. "You cannot
shield yourselves too much against the jeslousips and heart-
burnings which spring from these misrepresentations; they
