716
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CxtO^E.
fey, 1844.
28th "Cong.. ..1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Severance.
H. of Reps.
What i? our foreign market worth in comparison with
this, aitojir own doors? Let us see what our exports are,
what they consist in, and where they go to. I have before
me the annual report of the Secretary, of the Treasury, 6n
lie slate of the finances, made to the present Gongress in
December last. Table marked O gives the exports of the
country of several articles, in each year, from 1821 to 1842.
I take the last year, (1.842,) and find that of the exports of
this country, the value In cotton was $47,593~s464; tobacco
$9,540,755; rice $1,907,387; flour $7,376,365; pork, hogs,
lard, &c. $2,629,403; beef, cattic, hides, Sec. $1,212,633; but-
ter and cheese, $338,385; skins and furs, $598,487; fish
$739,106; jumber -$3,230,003} manufactures $8,400,694; spe-
cie $4,813,439. The whole exports of 1842, of articles pro-
duced in the United States, amounted to $92,969,996. De-
duct the $8,410,694 of manufactures exported^ and it leaves
$S4,$5>9,302 of all other exports. Here we see what our ex-
p'ofts consist of. They have averaged, for a series of years,
not far from $100,000,000. Though,of very much less im-
portance to us than the domestic market afforded by protec-
tion to our mechanical industry, the foreign market for
these exports is not to be sacrificed to the protection of our
manufactuies, but added to ourresources. Let us see as to
our cotton. It makes no difference. in„ the demand for it,
whether we impose high or low duties on British manufac-
tures. If the foreign demand for cotton is lessened by our
supplying ourselves with cotton goods made at home, then
so much the more cotton is wanted by our factories. Be-
sides, we manufacture none but American cotton, while the
British, French, and Germans get a large proportion of
thei,rs from India, Egypt, and Brazil They take from us
only because they get a better article, and will continue to
take>it when they can do no better elsewhere—not a mo-
njent longer. Tobacco comes next. When we consider
that the European nations impose duties on this article, not
for protection, but for revenue, varying from 100 to 1200 per
cent., it seems very idle to talk about reducing our duties
down to 25 per cent., in hopes that they will reduce theirs,
so that we can sell them a few hogsheads more of tobacco.
Nor will the $2,000,000 worth of rice, which we export up-
on an average, he sensibly affected by any policy we may
adopt in relation to the protection of our industry. Next
comes the article of flour. The largest amount wc have
exported in any one year, during the last twenty years, was
in 1831, when it amounted to $10,461,720. The average ex-
portation has been a little over $5,000,000; while for tlie last
Jive years the average of our manufactures exported has
been about $9,000,000. And of these exports of flour, less
than one million have gone to Europe, the remainder hav-
ing gone to South America, the "West Indies, and other parts
of the world, the market for which is not in the remotest de-
gree affected by the duties we lay on European manufac-
tures. Nor, indeed, is the market for the little we send to
Europe. For nearly all the European nations with which
we trade have a surplus of breadstuff's, except England, and
she gets her supplies from the continent for the most part,
instead of America. Wheat in the Baltic ports is almost al-
ways lower than in New York: and in the ports of the
Euxine it is cheaper yet: and since the wars in Europe
have ceased, the supplies of grain are annually growing
more abundant, both from the tillage oi more land, "and im-
proved husbandry. Even in England, though much less
than half the population are agriculturists, agricultural pro-
duction increases faster than her population. From 182S to
1833 inclusive, the importation of wheat and flour from
other countries into Gioat Britain, for home con-
sumption, amounted, on an annual average, to 14,793,-
000 bushels; and from 1834 to 1841 inclusive, they
amounted, on an average, to 14,137,000 bushels annually,
fihowing a falling oft' of more than four per cent., while her
population was increasing at the rate of about nine per cent
 jn the same time By an official report made to the British
Parliament in 1841, it appears that the average price of wheat
at Odessa, Warsaw, Dantzic, and Hamburg, for seven years,
ending with 1840, was but seventy-seven cents per bushel,
while the average price of wheat in Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore, during the same period, was
$1 40, or omitting 1838, when prices were unusually high,
$1 30 per bushel, besides which the cost" of transportation is
nearly one-third less for the Baltic and Black Sea wheat. If
Great Britain should repeal her corn laws altogether, of
which there is no prospect at present, she would still not
probably take so much flour or other bccadstufts from all
the United States, as is now purchased by the single State of
Massachusetts from other States of the Union. At this mo-
ment, there is, perhaps, quite as much of the agricultural
productions of our country goes into the value of the $9,-
000,000 of manufactures which we export, as there is of the
farming produce of all the northern, middle, and western
States exported as such to all Europe. Deduct from our ex-
ports the cotton, tobacco, and rice, which are the produc-
tions of slave labor, a description of labor for which no wages
are padd, and it leaves us but $25,617,696 for all our other ex-
ports, manufactures excepted. From this, also, deduct ex-
ports oflumber, fish, skins, and furs, and there will be lelt of
agricultural exports, the productions of free labor, not over
$20,000,000. This is about half a much as the single State of
Massachusetts consumes in a year, of the agricultural and
mineral productions of other States of this Union, as has
been shown in the admirable repoit of Mr. Hud^ov of Massa-
chusetts,.from the Committee on Manufactures, of which re-
port the House has refused to print any extra copies, after
ordering 20,000 of the report of the Committee of Ways and
Means accompanying the bill now before the House.
Having shown how very insignificant is the amount of
our agricultural exports in comparison with the vast con-
sumption of the non-agricultural population of the country,
and now small the chance is of finding a foreign market for
our present agricultural-surplus, not to mention the surplus
we should have if we all became agriculturists, I will pass
on to some other matters, merely remarking that nearly one-
half the cost of subsistence is paid for articles which, from
their perishable nature, could not be sent to Europe if the
demand there was ever so great; such as-fresh meat, poultry,
eggs,-fresh fish, vegetables, milk, fruits, &c., &c., articles
which, in the neighborhood of.manufacturing towns, find a
ready sale, and constitute a large portion of the farmer's
profits, and add greatly to the value of his land. x
Sir,«the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr Owi.s] who is a'na-
tive of Groat Britain, gave us a thrilling description of the
poverty and misery existing among the poorer classes in.
his native country, which he attributed in a great degree to
the policy of high duties, prohibitions, &c\, and warned us
to avoid a similar policy. His' speech might have been a
fair argument against the British corn laws, but has no
force whatever as applied to our condition. On the con-
trary, the whole of his description of the misery of the
poorer classes in Great Britain aflbrds the strongest argu-
ment we could possibly have for protecting the labor of our
own people against the competition of the products of labor
so poorly paid for in Europe. 1 avail myself of a copious
extract from the gentleman's spcech, happy to have so good
authority. Mr. Owen said:
" ' E read from tho report for 1813 of the Liverpool branch
of the anti-corn law league. , Adverting to the general
condition of the' working people of England, the repoit
says : -
" 'In our manufacturing countics every eleventh inhab-
itant, and in our agricultural counties every eighth inhab-
itant, is a pauper, receiving parish rejief. This, however,
by no means represents the whole amount of suffering. The
horror of being branded as a pauper is so prevalent among
the industrial population, that thousands prefer death by
gradual starvation, to placing themselves on the parish
funds.'
"And the London 'League' of November 11,1843, informs
us: <
" 'At the meeting of the British Association held in Man-
chester last year, Dr. Allison, of Edinburgh, stated be-
fore the statistical section, that in that capital of 1S7,000
inhabitants, there were actually not less than 23,000
persons, or one in every six, in a state of utter destitu-
tion.-'
"How eloquent are these mute and simple figures! In
that garden land, where wealth holds revel, and luxury
has set up her throne—in that land, of which we aie
told that we may well envy the prosperity, and ought to
imitate the example—there, pauperism decimates the pop-
ulation ! Throughout the length and breadth of Eng-
land—'merric England' no longer—one man out of every
ten must bend down his soul to reccivc at the hands of
a stranger—an insolent official perhaps—tho bitter dole of
charity !
"Would yon look yet closer'on these scenes of misery1 I
read again lrom that portion of the repon which especially
refers to the condition of the town where it is printed, Liver-
pool; and yet more especially to the condition of a populous
ward of that town.
"Tlje report says:
" 'This ward was selected as containing a large population,
employed in various ways, and at different rates of wages;
thougfi, from the large number of superior mechanics living
in the ward, it is probable that the average condition shown
there is superior to what it might be found for tho whole
borough.'
"And what is the actual condition of this ward?
" 'Nearly 6,000 families reside in Vauxhall ward, of whom
881 belong to the middle class. The circumstances of
4,814 families were examined. Every care being taken to
secure accuracy in the return, it was found that of these,
1,737 were entirely without employment, 1,587 partially
employed, 1,490 fully employer!. It was ascertained that
the total earnings of 4,387 families amounted to £2,024
per week, being 9s3d<($2 20) per family, on the average;
but that £1,030 were received by 955 families, thus leav-
ing only £994 to be-divided among the remaining 3,432
families* being 5s Qd ($1 40) per week for each; or, count-
ing four persons to a family, 2 l-2d per day for cach indi-
vidual.' '
"Five cents, sir, five cents per day for each individual, is
the average income of more than one-half the inhabitants of
a ward containing 24,000 souls, of hotter average condition
than the entire city; and that in a land where wheat is two
dollars a bushel and meat twelve ccnts a pound ! And if it
be asked how, with the means so utterly inadequate, the
lamp of lite is fe/1 at all, the report still furnishes the terrible
reply.
" 'Information was also obtained as to the-way in which a
large portion of the indigent poor supported themselves. It
was found that 1.052 families were supported by pawning,
charity, and prostitution, 1,017 by savings, credit, relations,
and casual employment, 57 by parish relief, with other as-
sistance.
"More than one-half of the living beings that congregate
in a princely city, lingering out life on a pittance equal to
about the value of one pound offlour—less than the vclue of
one pound of meat—per day! One-sixth of that city beg-
gars and prostitutes! The mind almost refuses to grasp or
comprehend this wholesale picture of shame and wo.''
Such, says the gentleman from Indiana, is the condition
of the laboring poor in England. Thousands of them sub-
sisting upon income of less than five cents a day, and
glad to get work at "any price. What lessons are we to
learn from this"7 Shall we abandon manufactures, because,
m the manufacturing districts of England, ev ery eleventh
inhabitant is a pauper? Then we ought to abandon agricul-
ture because every eighth is a pauper; and abandon com-
merce, because, in the great commercial city of Liverpool.
3,432 families subsist upon five cents a day for cach individ-
ual. A repeal ofthecorn laws mightennble the manufactu-
rers to sell their goods a little cheaper, and consequently
to sell rather more of them; but agricultural labor would be
in loss demand, and on the whole I doubt whether the pov-
erty of the masses, and the difficulty oi finding employment,
would not be as great as ever Ci rtoinly anything which
would cripple the manufactures of England woufd v astly
increase the poverty and destitution of the laboring classes,
for they have no western wilderness in England where
they can buy land at a dollar and a quarter an acre, nor
con they squat upon the public lands for nothing, which our
people can do when they cannot do better elsewhere.
We are, however, not legislating for the people of Eng-
land, but for our own. No policy of ours can relieve the
laboring people of the Old World, while they are borne
down by as ancient system of vassalage, a landed aristocra-
cy, a pampered clergy, and an enormously expensive gov-
ernment We cannot-protec'tlabor there-if w.e toy,'butwe
can protect it here; and if the people of the Old World will
come here we will find work for them,-not at five cents a
day, but at ten twenty tim^s that sum. We cannot do
this, however, if we import- from England the boots^sho'es,
hats, cloth,.cutlery, and-a hundred other articles tirade by
these foreign laborers at five cfents a day} because, whaa
we do that, we force our people to work at almost the same
prices, which is the very la^t thing we desire; We there-
fore go for protection—protection to labor. We wiU put up
a higher barrier against this foreign five-cp.nta-a-day labor,
and make our wearing apparel and, our own household fur-
niture, though it cost a little more, noroinajly. BstaJl.bur
experience proves that high duties, while they have served
to keep out foreign articles and give employment to bur
own people, have ne^er caused a'great rise of" priced, or
enormous profits, for thte simple reason that whenever, any
busine&s is made profitable by. legislatibn or otherwise,
there are always men enough ready to push into it, until,
by competition, its profits are brought down to the common
level oi profits and prices" in other business, if not sunk a
little below that level. When this last result occurs, how-
ever, men will generally leave it to go into some other
which promises better. The idea of monopoly, therefore,
resulting-from high protective duties, is not founded in rea-
son or experience. The gentleman lrom Indiana seems to
confound the policy of protection, as many others have
done before him,.with the restrictions, monopolies, and pio-
hibitions which have prevailed in past ages throughout Eu-
rope, as means of raising revenue. He told us, by way of il-
lustration, that Queen Elizabethhad once granted to certain
favored subjects an exclusive right to sell salt j arid the con-
pcquence was that they very so.on raised the price from 16
penoe to 15 shillings a bushel. Well, suppose this was -so:
it has nothing to do with the protecting policy. It was a
schemo of raising revenue by farming out an exclusive priv-
ilege—a monopoly. Such modes of .raising revenue—the
worst in tho world—have prevailed all over Europe, and all
over tho globe, andstill prevails-in many places^ but they
have nothing to do with protectionj they are the very re-
verse of it." They Mo, not tax the imported article to en-
courage domestic production, but they tax domestic pro-
the exclusive right to make and sell certain articles i
mon use, and prohibiting all others from going into the bu-
siness under heavy penalties. Another mode was to tax the
exports instead of the imports. The true policy of protec-
tion is quite a modern discovei'y. England first put it in
practice in her navigation laws, by which she gained her
commercial ascendency over Holland and all the world he-
side. She thea applied it to her manufactures, and there
triumphed in the same way; and now she is applying it to
her agriculture, in which, from her narrow limits and dense
population, success is not so easy. Some of her political
writers advocate fiee trade; and, with the advantage she
has gained over other nations, she might well afford it, as
far as her manufactures are concerned; but the British gov-
ernment permits nothing to be imported whichcanbe pro-
duced at home, and the other nations of Europe are follow-
ing her example." None of them are making any real ap-
groaches towards free 'trade; they take nothing from us
ut such things as their necessities require and they
cannot produce. We have no alternative but to adopt
the same policy; and we have superadded reasons for adopt-
ing it in the desire to keep up the rewards of labor far above
what they aie in any part of Europe.
That the protecting policy is not the cause of poverty in
England, is clearly shown by her history. That policy
was commenced in the time of Queen Elizabeth. What was
the condition of labor in England before that period? Let a
few facts from history show. Free laborers grew out of
the establishment of manufactories and trades, both in Eng-
land and on tho continent. Before that, the laborer was
everywhere a slave. There were no paupers there, because
every slave unable to labor was a tax upon his master or
feudal,baron, and not upon the government. When free
labor became known, what was its condition. Eden says:
"That the hardslups of servitude, and the demand for
manufacturing labor, had converted many of the villeins
into the more useful class of free laborers. They are no-
ticed for the first time by act of parliament in 4350. The
wages then paid to reapers 'during the first week in August'
were two pence per day, and from that time to the end of
the month three pence, without food. To weedcrs and hay-
makers, one penny per day. But this is too large an* esti-
mate for labor throughout the year. A large part of them
were without employment.
"In 1351, during the reign of Edward III, the statute of
labor was enacted, fixing the wages of weeders and hay-
makers at the above sum of one penny per day in money, or
in wheat at ten pence a bushel, at the option of the em-
ployer. Thus, when wheat was high, they were paid in
money, and when low in wheat—not enough, it is said, to
buy clothing. Other restrictions were laid on laborers under
penalties.
"In 1360, this statute was confirmed by Parliament, and
its penalties enforced on pain of imprisonment and burning
in tne forehead with iron. As these acts compelled laborers
to work, but not masters to employ, it is said great numbers
of the former 'turned out sturdy rogues, and infected the
kingdom with frequent robberies.' The terrible distress and
oppression gave rise to the insurrection of Wat Tyler,
whose followers were principally of the class called vil-
leins.
"In 1378, the Commons made great complaint that these
laborers runaway, and got m towns.-and became artisans.
"in 1388 wages were again regulated, and a plough driver
was allowed 'seven shillings per annum, with food, but
without clothing or any other perquisite ' The whole wage'?
of a year would buy seven yards of russet cloth—-the materi-
al commonly worn by the laborer.
"In 1814, Parliament advanced wages io fifteen shillings per
year, with three shillings and fourpcnce for clothing, and
meat and drink.
"fn 1496' wages were advanced to sixteen shillings eight
pence per annum, and four shillings for clothing.
"In 1514 wages were again regulated, but fixed at the samo
pricej and persons who refused to jvork were to be impiis
