May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71?
28th Cong 1st Sess
The Tariff—Mr. Severance.
H. of Reps.
oned, and 'every vagabond, whole and mighty in body,'
was to be tied to the cart's tail and whipped 'till his body was
bloody by means of such whipping.'
"Early in the reign of Edward VI. (which commenced in
1647) other acts were passed, providing that if any man or
woman, able to work, should refuse to labor, and live idly
for three days, he or she should be branded with a red hot
iron on the breast with the letter V, and should be adjudged
to be slaves for two years, of any person who should in-
form against such idler, and if he ran away froih his master
fourteen days, he became a slave for life, after being branded
on the forehead or cheek with the letter S; and if he ran
away the second time, the punishment was death; and the
master was authorized to 'put a ring of iron about the neck,
arms, and leg of a slave for a better knowledge and surety of-
the keeping of him.' • \
"Not to pursue this matter further, I will merely add, that
as late as tne reign of Elizabeth, a writer says 'the English
husbandmen eat barley and brown bread, and preferred it to
white bread, as abiding longer m the stomach and not so
easily digested.' And McCulloch adds, 'if their provisions
were coarse and deficient, their Nothing and lodging were
incomparably more so.1"
This was the condition, not merely of the poorest and
most destitute class of laborers, but the ordinary condition
of labor generally. Contrast it with the condition of labor
in this ctiuntry at the present time, or even with that of the
artisans of England, and the improvement'is very great.
The notion once extensively prevailed in New England
that protection to manufactures would be at the expense
of commerce. This error is giving way to experience. In-
deed it has no foundation in theory, or in the history of
this, country,. Is the commerce ofEngland injured by her
manufactures? On the contrary, the two flourish or suffer
together. Our commerce has flourished under protection,
and our manufacturing interests are suffering now, so far as
they do suffer, from the free trade policy, or the reciproci-
ty treaties which we have made, by which we admit the
vessels of the North of Europe into our ports upon the same
terms on: which they admit ours into theirs. In conse-
quence of the cheaper labor of the German States, by which
they can build, equip, and sail vessels cheaper than we
can, they are steadily gaining upon us. Our shipping feels
the want of that protection which we extend to other
branches of protective labor. That protection should al-
ways be given where practicable. If it were true, as it is
not, that we must give up either manufactures or com-
merce, or that they were antagonist pursuits, then there
can be no doubt which should be sacrificed. According to
the late census there were 56,000 persons engaged in navi-
gation, while there were 791(000 engaged in manufactures,
about fourteen to one; and yet to protect these 5f>,OGO sea-
men, "wejinaintam a navy at-the expense of $8,000,000 a year,
besides other expenses incidental thereto. I state this as a
fact, and not'as a grievance. Our commerce must be pro-
tected, and so must.our other interests.
In a moral point of view, manufactures will surely not suf-
fer in comparison with navigation. The mechanic or man-
ufacturer fives at home, sends his children to school, and
with his wife goes to the church and Sabbath school with
them every Sunday. The sailor roams over the wide
water, finding a mistress in every port, ready to pick his
pockets, but none to cherish him with the solace ol home;
proverbially improvident and exposed to strong temptations
to vice whichever way he may turn. There is however no
conflict of interests between manufactures and commerce,
more than between either and agriculture. It is not the
policy of persons engaged in either to invite competition in
their own pursuit, but rather to Encourage it in other pur-
suits. Besides, manufactures increase and extend com-
merce rather than curtail it. The increase of our manufac-
tures necessarily increases our coasting trade, and this trade
is wholly confined to American vessels. Manufactures also
make a great internal -trade which is wholly our own.
With the aid of manufactures,' our foreign commerce is made
profitable. Otherwise it may be, and sometimes is. positive-
ly jnjuriou*, by running us constantly in debt. As a speci-
men ef this, take the following statistics.
Without entering into a discussion of the question of bal-
ances of trade, we deem it important to notice the opera-
tion of the system pursued by the British Government, in
fostering industry and trade, on their commerce, compared
with that of the United States. The lotal value of exports
and impoits of Great Britain and Ireland for three successive
years were as follows:
Imports.
£6:2,001,000
67,432,964
64,377,U62
Year.
1S39,
1840,
1341,
£110,198.716
116,479,678
116,903,668
343,582 06-2 1*3.814,926
Balance in favor of Great Briton, ,0149.7>>7,1^6.
Or an annual average of £49,922,378. equal to $"23?,2'27,414.
It is her (commercial policy, producing thes>c yearly bal-
ances of two hundred and thirty-seven millions of dollars in
her favor, which sustains toor currency— enables her to do
as she wishes.—to spend as she-pleases—to endure our de-
falcations; and from her surplus she is ready to lend us, and
permit us to increase our indebtedness a lew millions more.
"Money to let'' i* the fortune of those who so manage then
business as to have yearly balances in th^ir fa-or.
On the other hand, the amount of imports into the United
States from foreign countries for the nine years from 1831 to
1839 inclusive,-exceeded the total amount of exports thore
from by the sum of ^3<V278,6P.\ as is shown by the follow-
ing statement:
Year. Tmports. Exports.
3831, $103,15)1 124 $8] ,310,*>83
JSS'"* 101 029,266 87 176,943
1*33' . - 108,118 331 P0.140,433
L&34, 126,521,33 « 104,338,973
1835, - 149,896,74- 121,693 577
1836, i69,9S0AU 1'28,663,040
1«37, 140,939,217 117,419^76
1&33, 113,717,404 108,486.516
1839, 163,092,132 121,028,416
Total, $1,190,534,562 $960,20-5,937
Balaiice'against United States, $235,279,605.
It maybe asked how we ever did or could pay this bal-
ance. The ready answer is that we never did pay it. The
money has been invested by English capitalists in our
State and other stocks, some of which are now not worth a
shilling" in the pound. Some of them * have been disgrace-
fully repudiated. We still- owe the money and are greatly
embarrassed by the debt. The indebtedness, too, under-
mines our currency by drawing oft' our specie, leaving us
the paper of broken banks in place of it. It is a serious
matter of inquiry whether we shall or can keep upacom-.
merce which leaves such large balances against us, and
whether it is not much better—nay, altogether indispensa-
ble—if We ever mean to pay our debts, to make our own
clothing and other articles of absolute necessity which we
can make, and so turn the balance in our favor. The - pres-
ent law, the whig tariff of 1842, will do this. It is working
admirably, supplying revenue and affording protection.
"Why, then, change it? Time will not permit me to make
any more general remarks. I therefore hasten to take up
the report.and bill before the House.
The report of the Committee of Ways and Means now he-
fore us and accompanying the bill, begins by taking the an-
nual report of the Secretary Of the Treasury, made in De-
cember last, as the basis oi its calculations as to the wants
of the treasury, and therefore'argues, as the Secretary did
not, that a reduction of duties is neccssary to obtain more
revenue, to meet the wants of the government. There is a
long list of articles, generally those not produced in the
country, which paid duty before 1832, but were then mside
free. --Among these were tea and coffee. Although we im-
port a large amount of coffee from Brazil free of duty, while
that country not only imposes duties on our productions,
but higher duties than she imposes on like products of Great
Britain, still the committee do not propose any duties on"
this list of free goods, but • propose to reduce the duties on
wool, woollens, iron, and ail manufactures of cotton and
leather, in order that we may get more revenuoby import-
ing these articles at low duties. To increase the revenue in
the way proposed, we must at least double our importations,
and of course throw a corresponding number of our people
out of employment. And what shall we get m exchange
for this sacrifice? 1 think I have already shown that our ex-
ports cannot be increased by it. We shall, in fact, get noth-
ing, but go on in the oFdwayof running in debt for foreign
manufactures, while, by impoverishing our own people, we
daily diminish our means of paying for them. But the idea
of the committee, which runs through all the first part of the
report, that the present duties are so high as to cut off' the
revenue, proves to be all a mistake; for we find that, while
the committee were writing to prove that the duties must
be reduced to get more revenue, the revenue has actually
been, coming in beyond all the calculations even of the most
sanguine friends of the tariff of 1842, so that now there is no
reasonable doubt that the present law, if let entirely alone,
will soon produce revenue enough, not only to meet the
expenses of the government, but also to redeem the out-
standing treasury notes, and, in a year or two, to pay off the
public debt, estimated by the committee to be $26,000,000 on
the first day of December last.
Seeing the operation of the present law, then, as a rev-
enue measure, what earthly object can there be in disturb-
ing it1 It is all fliat could be desired. But the committee
say it is oppressive upon the agricultural and other interests
of the country. This I deny altogether On the contrary,
since it has been in operation, business everywhere lias
greatly improved, while the prices of agricultural produc-
tions, particularly wool, have risen more than the prices of
manufactured articles. But the tariff of 1842 was a whig
tariffj it was denounced as such—stigmatized as the "black
tariff;" and the party now in power in this House promised
the country that it should be repealed as soon ys the de-
mocracy should come into power. Though as a revenue
measure it is just the thing we want; though its effect upon
the business ofthe country has been moi>t salutary and ren-
ovating, it must now be demolished because a party is
pledged to its demolition, and particularly because the
southern portion of that party insist that it shall be destroy-
ed before they can give their support to a particular candi-
date for the presidency. I hope such reasons will not pre-
vail in this House, ao J am sure they w ill not in another
through which the bill must piss before it becomes a law
I must however return my thanks to the committee for
one tiling. "We have beard a great deal about incidental
protection, coupled with a denial of the power of the gov-
ernment to lay duties for protection. There are some
northern politicians who have tjecn trying to sit on two
stools in relation to this matter for some years past, talking
often but vasuely about the democratic doctrine of inciden-
tal protection 1 never could understand their position, and
am therefore much relieved by this repoit. which defines i
it very elaborately The repoit maintains the doctiine that
duties for piotcction aie altogether inadmissible. Then
comes the definition of what tkey confide: protective dutit-s,
and what are revenue duties with incidental protection.
And that T may not nusiepre&ent the report, I quote largely
from it.
"They begin, then," by stating that they consider the
lowest possible duty necessarily protective, to its extent,
though it ma} be imposed with the single view to revenue,
and may be a revenue duty, in the strictest sense ofthose
terms. Commencing at this point, they thmk that the duty
upon any given article should be considered, and is prop-
erly called, a revenue duty, so long as an increase of the
rate will increase the amonn: of revenue derived from the
importation of the article. The conclusion is based upon
the simple fact, that up to to this pomt, the way to increase
the revenue from tlie given article i« to raise tlie rate of du-
ty, and, although the degree of protection afforded by the
fluty is increased with the inciease ofthe rate, yet that is
an incident, and an unavoidable incident, and cannot change
the nature and character of the duty, as a duty to raise, to
increase revenue. Pass that point, and raise the rate of du-
ty so high that its piohilutory action diminishes the amount
of revenue collected under it, and its character is changed.
The protection aljorded by it is incieased, while the reve-
ww it j ieids is diminished: thus giving protection as its chief
fruit; and revenue as the incident. Continue to raise the
rate until the prohibitory action of the duty becomes per-
fect, oil importations of the article cease, and no revenue is
realized from the dutv. Then, certainly, it cannot be con*
sideied or called a revenue duty, ajid its exclusive
must be protection. It mast be, therefore, a protective-du-
ty, i* the strict sense ofthe term} and, in the opinion of the
committee, it is clearly entitled to that appellation from the
point where its prohibitory became paramount to its reve-
nue powers, and Its increased rates ceased to increase the
amount of revenue collected under it. The conclusion is
founded upon the equally simple fact, that, at this elevation,
the way to increase the revenue is.to diminish the ?rate of
duto. The power'to lay and collect duties' has been ear-
ned beyond its object ol obtaining revenue 'to-payt£e
debts and provide for the common "defence and general wed-?
fare of the United States;' and a reduction ofthe rate of thfc
duty only will restore the exercise of the power to that
object. The understanding of this committee, therefore,
is, that, while every duty is necessarily protective to its
extent, yet every duty is to be considered, and is properly
denominated, a re venae duty, the rate of which yields the
largest amount of revenue Jrom the importation of the arti-
cle upon which it is imposed, or. the rate of which is below
that point, so that an increase of the rate would produce an
increase of the revenue, and that every duty is to be con-
sidered, and is properly denominated, a protective dnty, the
rate of which is so high as to diminish the amount of reve-
nue derived from the importations of the article upon which
it is imposed, and the rate of which requires to be reduced
to increase the revenue. And when a given amount of rev-
enue is desired to be raised upon any given article of impor-
tation, the committee regard the lowest rate of duty which
will effcct the result as the true and legitimate revenue
duty."
Here then we have at length a definition of a "democrat-
ic iaiiif." Every duty must be so graduated as to produce
the greatest amount of revenue. Protection, for it own
sake, being declared unconstitutional, and a wicked whig
heresy, not tolerated by the strict constructionists of Vir-
ginia, nor the South Carolina expounders of constitutional
law, (who see no difficulty, however, in assuming the na-
tional debt of Texas,) is to be discarded altogether. Let us
see how the doctrine will work. The present duty on wool
costing over seven cents a pound, if permitted to stand, will
soon become prohibitory—none will be imported. This duty
will therefore be unconstitutional, because it will cut off
the revenue from that source. It must then be reduced, and
thi3 bill does accordingly reduce it to 25 per cent, after Sep-
tember, 184o. Suppose that by this time our flocks shall
have been so increased (and they can be increased rapidly,)
that the Araeriean farmers can produce a supply, though at
reduced prices, and none is imported: what tEen? Why,
the duty must be reduced again so that wool may be im-
ported, else there can be no revenue from thatsouiee. It is
reduced again to 20 or io per cent: and till the American
farmer, at further reduced prices, supplies the market. What
then? There must be another reduction of duty; and this
process of reduction must go on while there is a particle of
duty leit, or until the American producer, gives up the mar-
ket to th-> foreigner. If he does not give it'up, but keeps re-
ducing the piices, and cutting down wages to the level of
foreign wages, and keeps the market in that way, then not
only is all protection at an end, but all revenue also, from
the article on which the duty is imposed; so that the demo-
cratic doctrine of incidental protection, as expounded in this
report, will, by its inevitable action, destroy itself altogeth-
er, and cut oft'all revenue, or give up the home market to
the foreign importer. Such is the absurd consequence of a
denial ofthe whig doctrine of protection. The action would
be precisely the same on boots, shoes, hats, harnesses, &c. of
which we have imported but a mere trifle for the last twenty
years, the duties having been all that time nearly prohibito-
ry. Undei this new democratic doctrine we must not per-
mit our hatters and shoemakers to supply the home market
as they have done for the last twenty yeax-s, but must reduce
the duties which now protect them so that these duties will
produce the greatest amount of revenue by the free impor-
tation of French hats, b reneh boots, &c. If ihe proposed re-
duction to 25 per cent, does not insure this importation, then
it must be reduced to 20, Jo, 10, or 5, so that the foreign arti-
cle may come in; for while it keeps that article out, whether
the duty be five per cent or fifty, it is unconstitutional ac-
cording to the democratic creed, as ^et forth in this report,
oi \\ hich 20,000 extra copies have been printed.
1 do not regret that tlus large number has been printed. I
have sent into Maine every copy- I could get. and would «
sendi-ioie if I could get ttiem. I wi&h my constituents, and
particularly the working-men of my district, and of every
other district in the United States, to see and understand the
dilferejice between the whig policy, as exhibited in the
•'black tariff of 1842, and the so-called "democratic pol-
icy,"1 as exhibited m this bill. We shall then see which
they prefer, and v. hich tHey consider in reality the most
democratic. If I mistake ftot, they will see that things are
not always galled by their right names. Let it be borne in
mind, too, that the bill proposes a reduction of duty on a
great number of siticles which oie still freely imported,
and upon which the present duties are producing more rev-
enue than reduced duties would, so that the bin is worse
than the-destructive theory of the report would require it
to be.
Sir, 1 maintain the doctrine of protection for its own sake.
We protect our commerce by an expensive navy; we build
light-houses to guide our ships in the night; we protect our
ship-bnildevs, by prohibiting a foreign-built ship from re-
ceding an Ameiican register; we prohibit all foreigners
fi om Having any share w our coasting trade, which employs
more than half'our tonuag-e; and in our trade with foreign
countries, we stipulate that our ships shall be admitted into
their ports on the same terms upon which we admit theirs
into ours. This itself is doing more for them than we do
for our manufacturers; for their duties on our productions
are generally higher than ours on theirs, cotton excepted.
In the islancf of Cuba, American flour pays a duty of $10 a
barrel; and American manufactured tobacco pays in Eng-
land a duty of twelve hundred per cent. These arc ex-
tremes, but our duties are a smaller per cent, upon our
^ross imports than those of almost any nation in Christen-
dom; while the reasons for protection, considering the low
rate of wages of labor in Europe, are greater and more im-
perative in this country than in any other, if it were not
foi our ingenuity, and our labor-saving machinery, our
present duties would "he quite inadequate.
ut bow look at the tnU itself, and w lul alteration
