718
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
. May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Severance.
H. of R«ps.
it proposes. Appended to it is table C, with a column
showing the present duty, and a column showing the-pro*
posed duty-on each article, the specific duties in the present
law" being reduced to ad valorem duties; to make,the com-
parison easy.- The column "exhibiting the proposed duties
has a great many articles set down at thirty per cent. ' This
is altogether deceptive; for the 12th section of the bill pro-
vides that "all ad valorem duties authorized to be levied by
this act, or under the act to which this is ..amendatory, which
shall excocd 25 per. centum ad valorem, shall,- on the' 1st day
of September, 1845, be reduced to that rate." *
Why, then, was the maximum of-the ad valorem duties
placed in this table at 30 per cent., when it is "so soon to be
reduced to 25? I see that many newspapers throughout the
country have incautiously taken this table, and have con-
trasted the present duties with thirty per cent., when they
should have been contrasted with twenty-five.
The first item in this table of reductions and alterations is
wool costing seven cents a pound and under. By the pres-
ent law, this wool pays only five per cent.—it being a kind
of long, coarse wool not produced in this country, but used
to make blankets, bookings, carpets, and coarse cloths.
On this wool the committee propose to raise the duty to fif-
teen per cent., ostensibly for tnc benefit of the American
farmer, or to get more revenue. It must be the latter; but
this object will fail, for the only effect will be to give the
manufacture of this kind of wool,to foreigners, who pay no
such duty. Being of no earthly object for protection, it will
be also of no avail for revenue, otherwise than by increas-
ing the importation of foreign blankets, &c., uponwhichthis
same bill reduces the duty to fifteen per cent. The gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] and the gentleman Irom
Maryland [Mr. Wethered] have so thoroughly exposed the
folly and the quackery of this pretended relief to American
wool-growers, that I*need not add another word.
The present duty on wool costing over seven cents a
pound is 30 per cent, ad valorem, and three cents a pound in
addition. Upon foreign wool costing nine cents a pound,
which comes in competition with our coarsest wool, the
three cents a pound would be equal to 33| per cent., which,
added to the 30 per cent, makes a duty of 63* per cent. Up-
on foreign^wool costing fifteen cents a pound, the duty by
the present law is 60 per cent. This the committee propose
to reduce to 25. This is a heavy reduction on the-wool our
farmers have to sell, while the 10 per ccnt. is added to the
cheap, coarse wool which they do not and will not raise.
Besides, if they did, the whole 15 per cent on wool costing
seven cents is only about a cent a pound; but 50 per ccnt.
on wool costing fifteen cents is seven cents and a halt a
pound; and the higher the price of the wool is, the more is
the dutv per pound. Every wool-grower can make his cal-
culations for himself, and see in a moment the vast differ-
ence between the present duty of 30 per cent, and 3 cents a
pound, and the proposed duty of 25 per ccnt. Wool worth
thirty cents a pound now pays a duty of 12 cents a pound.
By this bill, such wool would pay 7£ cents. Wool wort„
fifteen cents a pound now pays 7§ cents duty. By the bill
now before the House, such wool would pay but 3^ cents
duty—a leduction of just one half.
I come now to the duty on woollen cloths. These now
have a protection of 40 per cent, which the committee pro-
pose to reduce co 25. For what purpose? Why that we
may double or treble our importation of British, t rench,
and German broadcloths—all, of course, made of foreign
wool, by foreign labor, subsisting upon foreign bread, meat,
vegetables, &.c., paying rent to foreign householders, and
warmed by foreign fuel; and all this to get more revenue,
when we have the fact before our eyes that the tarift of 1842
is producing abundant revenue. The duty on foreign
wool would not be worth a straw to our wool-growers,
if our woollen manufactures were destroyed. We never ex-
port wool: so far from it, we need high duties to keep out
foreign wool The protection ol forty per cent, on woollen
manufactures is, in fact, therefore, divided between the far-
mer and the manufacturer, and may be set down at twenty
per cent, to oach. This bill proposes to reduce the duty on
woollens to twenty-five per cent —giving the farmer and
manufacturer, in its practical operation, but twelve and a
hcrlf per cent each; while the same bill gives to the wealthy
.sugar planter, with his hundred slaves, a specific duty,
amounting, in some stales of the market, to one hundred per
cent. Now, sir, I wish to make no distinction between lree
and slave labor, but to protect laboi a*, equally as possible,
leaving to each State to determine for itself whether its pop-
ulation shall be freemen or not; but I shall never consent,
by the passage of this bill, to reduce the protection on wool
and woollens down to twenty-five per cent, while sugar is
protected by from seventy-five Jo one hundred per cent,
even though it be necessary to propitiate the 1 democratic
representatives of Louisiana, elected as they were as the
champions of protection -to the sugar interest, but m iavor
of low duties on everything else.
Next we come to carpetings. On Wilton, Saxony .and treble
ingrain, the present duty is 65 cents the squaio yard This
the committee compute at 28 per cent, on Wilton, 34 on Saxo-
ny, and S7on treble ingrain. Brussels pays 55 cents per square
yard, equal to 42 per cent. These are costly carpets, used
only by the rich; and on all these the bill reduces the duties
to 25 per cent. And this is to be a democratic tariff, for the
relief the poor laboring man! importing rich foreign cai-
pets, made of foreign wool by foreign labor, and reducing
the duties one-hall; to relieve the laboring masses in this
country! It looks more to me like a contrivance between
British importers and rich consumeis ot foreign luxuries m
this country, and is in good keeping with the tables iurmsa-
ed by Stewart, Thompson, and Lay, of Manchester, bngland,
appended to the report; while the committee appear to have
sought for no information from American manufacturers
whatever
Passing over several items which would be worthy of
comirsnt if the time allowed me would permit, I shall
hastily notice the duty on ready-made clothing. The duty
is now 50 per o<?nt The bill proposes to make it 25 per
cent., so that we may import foreign clothing, all made up
by foreign tailors and sempstresses—everything, fiom a
broadcloth coat to a dickey—and all made of foreign materi-
als. The committee, I suppose, thinkitgood policy to hove
foreign ware-houses and slop-shops emptied upon us, when-
ever they are overstocked with unsaleable goods; or perhopa
ihey think that our own people will consent to be thrown
out of employment, for the chance of getting English sec-
ond-hand clothes dog cheap.,
Sir, the gentleman- from Indiana, who is himselt
a native- of Great Britain, gave us some shocking
pictures Of the destitution prevailing to a great extent
in the cities of England and Scotland, among the la-
boring poor, particularly .among the females who are lett
widows witn families to support. I have myself read some
accounts of misery whioh would melt the hearts oi a sav-
age—women compelled to labor with the needle from early
dawn till after midnight, to earn but a few cents a day. is
that gentleman aware that we have, in our cities, thousands
of women obliged to labor in the same way, and whose paj,
though far greater than the pay of the English women, is
yet not half what it ought to be? And yet he would take
away one half the protection now given to the American
sempstress and the American tailor, that we may import
foreign clothing all ready made, in order to get more reve-
nue.. The present protection to the poor woman who sup-
ports her family witn her needle must be taken away, be-
cause it is so high as to be prohibitory, and therefore uncon-
stitutional; while the rich planter, who revels in luxury,
and exacts the unwilling labor of slaves, is protected with a
duty of 100 per cent. And this is democratic! from such
democracy I can truly say, in the language of the Litany,
"Good Lord, deliver usl"
Here is another item; "Clothing, embroidered." This now
pays 50 per cent, duty, and this is to he reduced to 2o. 1
should like to know whether this reduction is designed tor
the benefit of the poor, or to obtain more revenue. 1 see by
the tables that very little has been imported, and I suppose
the committee expect large importations, by reducing the
duty. This is the kind of clothing upon which the greatest
amount of labor has been expended. The reduction must
be made to afford an instance as striking as possible oi the
contempt of the committee for the whig doctrine ol protec-
tion to American labor. } r _
Coach laces, 35 per cent, to be reduced to 25. Need I say
for whose benefit this reduction is made?
Cotton manufactures, estimated at from 30 to 49 per cent.,
all to come down to 25. And what for? What harm-do
these duties do7* Is thore a single article of domestic con-
sumption upon which the reduction of price has been great-
er than on cotton manufactures? And this is the article
upon which the experiment of high duties was first made.
It has so far succeeded that we now actually export more ot
cotton manufactures than we do of flour. 1 his, of couise,
we could not do if we did not sell as cheap as Great Britain
So much for domestic competition under high protective
duties. Why, sir, the fact is, that under the high duties
we have imposed on cotton sheetings and shirtings the price
has fallen so that our farmers really cannot afiord to wear
the tow frocks and trousers made in their own iamilies lrom
their own flax5 it is so much cheaper to buy these awfully
taxed American cottons. '
It maj be said, and so the committee seem to suppose,
that protective duties will, in other instances as 111 this, so
establish the American manuiactuie, that imports win
cea.se, and wo shall be obliged to resort to direct taxation
for revenue. Mr. Calhoun started this objection to the pres-
ent tariff in one of his letters sometime last year; and being
perfectly awaie that da diiect taxation is apportioned among
the Stated according to federal numbers, and not m>on the
relative property of each State, the South would pay a
much heavier portionsof tax than it now does by imposts,
he argued that the duties must be reduced to prevent a i e-
sort to direct taxation, although most of las party friends
had previously advocated direct taxation. His present plan
is a horizontal tariff, with no disciimination but foi revenue.
Now I, for one, am so ultra upon this subject, that I Avould
like to impose such duties as would, in a few yeais, enec-
tuaily exclude ail iron, and manufactures of iron; wool,
and manufactures of wool; leather, and all the various man-
ufactures of leather; cotton, ond manulacluies Oi cotton;
hemp, and manufactures of hemp; all kinds of papei, gla&s,
and, indeed, almost everything which we can conveniently
produce, and which is essential to our independence in
peace and war. And 1 beUeve all this may be done, without
compelling us to resort to direct taxes for the support ot the
general crovernment. The State governments have no ie*
source but direct taxes. These arc quite heavy enough,
without adding direct taxes for the support of the general
oovernmeut. When we produce among ourselves all the
mime article? ol necessity, public prospeuty will peivade
all classes. There will then be far greater ability to import
foreign luxuries, and these may be taxed to suppH the ne-
cessary revenue. The national taxes will then fall upon
the importers and consumers of foreign luxuries; while the
State taxes will be assessed upon pioperty, as tlie> aie
present. The national tixes wiiJ then fall bxx\: lightly upon
the great body of the farmers and mechanics of the country,
who cannot afford or do not choose to pay lor these luxu-
ries; while both farmers and mechanics w ill have the lull
benefit ot protection for their productions. Can a better
system than this be devised? But, whether this system be
fully carried out to this extent or not, I protect against the
doctrines of this bill, which deny po«iti\e protection, and,
if faithfully osrried out, would impose just as high duties
upon tea, coftee, and other articles not produced hi this
country, as uponwool, woollens, hats, shoes, or any other
manufacture. , ... ,
But let us return to the bill, and take up silk, and it® man-
ufactures. We have- for many years past, been importing
a vast amount of silks, almost lice of duty Ihe average
importation for the j ears 1837, 183S, and i639, was $16,42 v
010. In the year 1836, it was the enormous sum oi $22,980,-
212, or more than all our agricultural exports, except cotton
ere tobacco. In 1841, we imposed 20 percent, duties on
French silks, and put duties on French wines ana brandies,
which we had for nine vears, Ibelieve, been proui Jited from
doing by an ill-advised, if not unconstitutional, treaty, by
which we obtained an indemnity lor French spoliations,
which cost the nation more than the claimants of the in-
demnity got by it to say nothing about the threatened war
with Frarce, and the protested bills of exchange. By the
tariff of 1842, we put a duty of $2 per pound on sewing silk
and silk twist, which this bill proposes to reduce tp $1 per
nound What for? Not to get more revenue surely, tor as
vet we make but little silk in the country. Is it to help ihe
poor at home ? or to wd the foreign manufacturer tiad grow-
er instead of encouraging our own? Pongees and plain
white silk, by the tariff'of lS42t pay$l 50 pter ppurid, which
the committee say is equal to 40 pei cent. Thi^ biU reduces
the dutv to 20 per cent. I see no reason for thi& reduction,
either for revenue purposes or any other. Let those who
weaV XpayWe- migVasweli manufacture
twenty millions of dollars worth o?silks
and the business would give JPleasant and he^thj  
ment to women, children, and a£ed asyi feeble
and about their own homes. I wofild rather increase the
duties than reduce them. , ' r
Silk or satin boots and bootees, for men or
pay 75 cents a pah-, estimated- at 40 per cent The bill re-
duces the duties to 20 per cent. Silk and satin.shoes for
children pay 15 cents per pair, or 65 per cent.;
hats $1 each, or 54 per cent.; women's jsatm or silk -hats or
bonnets, $2 each, or 55 per cent.; silk shirts and drawee,
40 percent.; silk,caps and turbans for women, 40 per c|nt.j
and all these the new democratic tarift proposes to reduce
to 35 per cent,—-I suppose to relieve the laboring classes
from oppressive burdens-certainly not to inrease the rev-
enue, for none of these things are made m the country to
attHemp, unmanufactured, now pays ^sir^ve
per cent. This, also, is to, come down to 25. Now, sir, we
. in the State of Maine, use a gpwtt deal of 1}*em.Ev^5w
none, though 1 think we might do it as well as Russia, but
I am willing to put an adequate duty onhemp_, for,knowing
the vast capability of the valley of-the Mississippi to pro-
duce this article, I have not a (ifoubt that  under the protec-
tion of^n^equate duty, we shall, in a tow yew* export
hemp as freely as we now do cotton, an article which was
KchtiSo culture by a protective duty of three cents a
pouniT and when we do that the hemo for our
nine will cost us less than >t has ever done before. Besides,
? have no partiality for the owners of the white of
Russia, and would rather hare our own part
of it be cultivated and manufactured by black slaves m
Kentucky and Missouri. Moreover, 1 have hopes that eroan-
cipaUonL nearer at hand.in Kentucky and Mjssourj than
it appears to be in Russia.
Tarred cables and cordage now pay S centper pound^
equal to 71 per cent.; untarred cordage 4J, t"
16S per cent; hemp yarn 6 cents, equal to 199 per cent,, cot-
ton bagging 4 cents per square yard, equal to 58-per cent.,
and all Siese the bill proposes to brim; down1 to 25 per cen£
with the undoubted object of breaking up *11 our rope-
walks, to get our supplies of cordage from abroad. I go
no such policy. If we shouldbe engaged m war, especially
with RuLia, le slionld be in a very awkward posifaontobe
dependent upon her for cordage for our -navy and commer-
ammclofh9for floors, So cents per square yard, equal to 40
per cent. This also conies down to the grand maximum ad
valorem level of as per cent. Sir, we have some establish-
ments of this kind in my vicinity. One was commenced
first, and loundto do a very good bu'iuew; 4en anoto
and a rival was erected m sight of it. If theyboth make
profits, there will soon be a third, a fourth,
have no doubt that competition between thorn "'keep^e
prices as low as they ought to be and 1 see nothing to be
trained by reducing the duties to 25 per cent, unless we
wish to break them all up, and get our floor cloths from for-
a'or holts. I leave this matter to.the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania, who are all on hand to defend the great
iron and coal interests m thai State. Somehow it hajipens
that the committee have here departed from their everlast-
ing ad valorem of ia per cent, and have reduced the duty on
bar iron only from $17 per t° jerton, androUed
iron from $26 to $20 per ton; but i,n ton- £Sd
from $2 perton, equal to tl percent, to $10pei ton, ana
all the various manufactures of iron they b™Sdj°v™t0^
nercent I rather think tins special exemption jn favoi ot
iron will not sccure many votes for the bill in Pennsy:lvimia,
if I canjudge from the tone of her representatives. It wiJl
be of verv little u&e to leave $lo per ton onbai iron, if all the
thousand articles made of iron are imp°l^d at 5to per cent
It is like putting a high duty on wool, and then destroying
the woollen manufacture. .
Coal, too, is a special favoirte, and ^ only reduced uom
$1 7o per tor., equal to 71 per cent., to $1 pert0"; t
Glass. Here a great reduction is proposed. The present
law imposes high duties on ornamental glass ware, varjing
from 2d to do cents per pound, equal to irom _ fjfi to 180 pel
cent ■ aitides of which people in middling circumstances
purchase very little. All these this bill brings down to 2.
" ctnt ady valorem So of window glass: the most
costly kind of window _ glass, in large plates, exceed-
ing 3 8 bv 12 inches per sash, pays 10 cents per square
foot equal, the committee say, to 243 per cent. The bill
brings this and all other kinds down to -25 per cOlt. In al-
moifeveiy port of the country we have the materials to
make glass, and w e ought to piotect the manufacture eel-
tfimlv not su. cou away the duties at this rate.
llthl.-Tanned, sole, or bend. The duty is 6 cents per
lb., equal to 03 percent. Upper leather 8 cents ^uaf to
20. Both are by the bill put at 2o. Leather and^ the
l'acturcs of leather in this country are returned in 18-10 at
about 33 millions of dollars annually. Ihey probably now
amount to nearly or quite 40 millions of dollars, and some
estimate them at fifty millions. Massachusetts alone
tu i s out IS millions of dollars worth orboots, shoes, and
other ma nufactuies of leather. Very Wlehas been import-
ed durin" the last twenty years. ihe duties have all this
time been "unconstitutional,''because strictly protective.
They are by the tariff of 1342, on mens boots and bootees
*1 Jo a pair; on shoes and pumps 30 cents a pair; on
women's boots and bootees 50 cents apair; on children s shoes
7s ™Xa pair and so on, varying from 60 to 86 percent
The bill brings them down to 25 per cent. If French shoes
do rot come in after this reduction, another reduction must
H made and we must keep reducing till they come, for till
tten tho <futy will be protective, and therefore a wicked
W>Krfin"o'w'pay 3aeper cent. The bill fixes them at 25.
Nolle are now imported, and the hatters must be subjected
to the same reductive system as the shoemakers, until vte
i P«
