720
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
, 28th Cohg 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. ^Buchknan,
.Senate-.
1802 ' x
64
20
1803 .
56
20
1804'" *
78
20
1805
72
20
3806
57
20
1€07
64
20
1808
68
free
1809
60 -
"
JSI0
'44
"
1811
57
1812 '
61
1813
66
1814
72
20
1815
79
20
1816
70
20
1817
66
20
1818
- 68
20
1819
64 ' •
20
1820
58
20
1821
62
20
1822
58
20
1823
54 .
20
1824
50
20
1825
50
20
1826
44
20
1S27
47
20
1828
48
20
1829
00
20
1830
44
15
1831
46
15
1832
61
10
1833
38
10
1834
82
9.5
1835
34
9.5
1836
36
8.9
1837
38
89
1838
37
7.4
1839
36
7.4
1840
34
6 1
1841
35
6.1
1842
• 28
S.4 
1843
23
8
"From 1S34 to 1843, the duty was declining under the ope-
rations of the compromise act, during which time the
amount of duty depended upon the price'.
' SPiECH OF MR. BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
In Senate, June 8, 1844.—In executive session, in
favor of the treaty for the annexation of Texas to
" the United States, (the injunction of secresy being
removed.)
Mr. President : The present is a question of
transcendent importance. For weal or for wo—for
good or for evil, it is more momentous than any
question which has been before the Senate since my
connection with public affairs. To confine the con- <
sequences of our decision to the present generation
would be to take a narrow and contracted view of
the subject. The life of a great nation is not to be
numbered by the few and fleeting years which limit
the period of man's existence. The life of such a
nation must be counted by centuries, and not by
years. "Natiqns unborn and ages yet behind" will
be deeply affected in their moral, political, and social
relations by the final determination of this question.
Shall Texas become a part of our glorious confeder-
acy; shall she be bone of our bone and flesh of our
flesh; or shall she become our dangerous and hostile
rival? * Shall our future history and that of hers di-
verge more and more from the present point and ex-
hibit those mutual jealousies and wars which, ac-
. carding to the history of the world, have ever been
the misfortune of neighboring and rival nations; or
shall their history be blended together in peace and
harmony? These are the alternatives between which
we must decide. I do not mean, by these remarks,
merely to refer to the vote of the Senate which will
be recorded to-day upon the treaty; but to that ulti-
mate and final decision of the question which must
be made within a brief period.
Texas now presents herself before you, and asks
to be admitted as a territory into your confederacy.
How natural is it that she should desire this reunion,
and be ready to rush into your arms! - A sister, sepa-
rated from'the family, and in a land of strangers,
loves her happy home with more intense ardor than
those who have never been deprived of its blessings.
She longs to return to it, and counts the days and
the months until the blessed period of reunion shall
arrive. Such are the feelings of Texas. Ever since
she became independent of the foregin nation to
Whom we had bartered her away, she has cast a
"longing, lingering look" back upon the. family altar.
She has again ana again applied to be Restored, and
lias as often been repulsed by her sisters. But all
this has not yet-estranged her heart from the family.
She now makes, I fear, a last appeal; and shall we
drive her away in despair, to form alliances with
strangers? I trust not. We ought to be careful
how we longer repulse her advances and reject her
suit. We ought to remember that love turned to
hate is the most bitter f«eling of the hyraw heart.
I know that it is generally in bad taste for any
senator to speak of the purity of his own motives;
but the Senate, I trust, will pardon me for declaring
that I kept my mind entirely open—entirely free
from prejudice or prepossession—on the question of
this treaty, until I had made myself acquainted with
all the facts and circumstances which could enlighten
my judgment. Indeed, until the present moment, I
stand wholly uncommitted by any public declara-
ion on the subject, although my opinions have been
often asked for publication from the most respecta-
ble quarters. 1 deem myself justified in making
these remarks by the playful allusion which has.
been made, in the course of"the debate, to my posi-"-
tion'as a amdidate for the presidency, and to the in-
fluence which this might have exerted on my judg-
ment. But I have not been a candidate for that of-
fice since December last, when, it is well known, 1
voluntarily withdrew my name from the canvass;
and never have I for a single moment repented of
that act. A large majority of the delegates to the
national convention had then been either instructed or
had declared their intention to support the nomina-
tion of Mr. Van Buren; and I was not so selfish as
to suffer my humble pretensions to become an ob-
stacle to the harmony of the democratic party. The
delegates from my 'own State were afterwards in-
structed to support him; and I have since exerted
myself, on more than one occasion, to prevent hos-
tile movements against him, and to keep my own
name from being even mentioned as his competitor
before the Baltimore ponvention in any contingen-
cy. But enough, and too much, of myself. >
In discussing the present question, I shall not
stop to- inquire into the character of the message
and correspondence which accompany the treaty;
neither shall 1 investigate the motives which impel-
led Mr. Tyler to enter upon the negotiation. It is
sufficient for me that the treaty has been concluded,
and is now constitutionally before the Senate for our
ratification or rejection. Upon this treaty, I must
vote ay, or no, on my responsibility as a senator;
and I shall be governed, ill my vote, not by the ar-
guments which have been urged in its favor by the
present administration, but by the provisions of the
treaty itself. The means employed in obtaining it
are but the scaffolding to this magnificent edifice
erected to the union, permanence, and security of
our glorious confederacy, and have now become
useless rubbish. Thus, sir, I relieve myself at once
from the discussion of the voluminous correspond-
ence accompanying the treaty, which has engaged
so much of the attention of other senators.
In order clearly to understand the origin and na-
ture of the question, it may here be proper to pre-
sent a brief sketch of the history of Texas. By
the treaty of Louisiana of 30th April, 1803, the
United States acquired this province from France.
Every American statesman who has treated of the
subject, from Mr. Jefferson down to the distinguish-
ed senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] is clear
and strong in this conviction. "The facts and prin-
ciples which justify this conclusion," say Messrs.
Monroe and Pinckney to the Spanish commissioner,
in 1805, "are so satisfactory to our government as to
convince it that the United States have not a better
right to the island of New Orleans than they have
to tiie whole district of territory west to the Del
Norte." And what was the eloquent language of
the senator from Missouri, in view of the negotia-
tions pending in 1818, and which resulted ill the
cession of Texas to Spain? "The magnificent val-
ley of the Mississippi is ours," says he, "with all
its fountains, springs, and floods; and wo to the
statesman that shall undertake to surrender one drop
of its water—one inch of its soil—to any foreign
power." Under this treaty of Louisiana, we en-
tered into a solemn agreement with France that the
inhabitants of the ceded territory "should be in-
corporated into the Union of the United States, as
uoon as possible, according to the principles of the
federal constitution;" and should, in the mean time,
be protected in the free enjoyment of their liberty,
property, and religion.
In what manner have wc redeemed our faith thus
plighted to France? Texas was ours; but it is ours
no longer. In violation of the treaty of Louisiana,
we ceded Texas to Spain by the Florida treaty of
1819. We thus dismembered the valley of the
Mississippi, and extended the boundary of a foreign
nation along our most weak and defenceless fron-
tier. It is not my present purpose to inquire who,
or whether any person is to blame, for this dismem-
berment of our territory. It is now sufficient for me
to the jivet.
"la the course df human events, this territory has
again been presented to us {or our acceptance.
When we ceded it to Spain, it was almost a wilder-
ness; but it is now peopled by our sons, o.ur broth-
ers, and our kindred, wno have convinced the world,
by their bravery, that they, are worthy .of their
breeding. They offer to return to our bbsota them-
selves, and to restore to us th is fine arid fertile conn-
try which we had lost—a country more extensive
than France, and naturally as beautiful, and blessed
with almost every variety of soil and climate; And
shall we reject this munificent donation? They
justly appreciate a union with its' as "the, highest
privilege which any political community on earth
can enjoy, and are willing to surrender themselves
and their all to become free and sovereign States.of
our confederacy. And yet such a union has been
denominated by the senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Simmons] the extermination of Texas! Far,
very far from it. It will be blending her lone star
with our glorious constellation; and the concen-
trated rays emanating from all will thus shed a far
more effulgent and genial influence upon her than
if she remained in solitary isolation.
If the people of Texas were divided upon the
question of reunion, this would be -conclusive with
me against the treaty. But since the world began,
no record exists of a political community", enjoying
freedom of opinion, which has been so united upon
any great question of policy as are tha people of
Texas in favor of annexation. Why,, sir, upon a
solemn vote in 1836, when they adopted their con-
stitution, there., were but ninety-three ' dissenting
voices thrbughout the Whole territory. They have
since, again andagain, with equal unanimity, ap-
plied for admission into our Union; and if there be
at the present moment a single man in Texas op-
posed to the measure, he has never raised his voice
against it, although, for several months, the ques-
tion has been publicly discussed throughout that
republic. The letter of the members of the late
Texian Congress to the senator from. Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] invoking his powerful interposition
m favor of annexation, affords the most'positive
and conclusive evidence of the unanimity of their
constituents at the present moment.
The unanimous and enthusiastic agreement of the
people of Texas in favor of annexation furnishes
a conclusive answer to two of the objections which
have bteen strenuously urged against the treaty.. It
has been urged that, under the constitution of Texas,
the treaty-making power have no authority to cede
their country to the United States. But suppose,
without admitting, this to be the fact: what would
be the consequence? I care not what may be their
or;-; anic law, if we have conclusive evidence that
the whole people who framed it desire to be annexed
to the Union. This universal consent dispenses
■with the necessity of pursuing the tedious forms
prescribed for amending their constitution. The
sovereign people of any country, when united, can
dispense with all the constitutional forms which
they themselves have prescribed for the government
and control of their own servants. In the case of
Texas, no man doubts this unanimity; and the
question of annexation was decided by the people
simultaneously with the adoption of their constitu-
tion, and, in point of tact, if not in form, consti-
tutes a part of it. Under these circumstances, this
constitution can never be interposed as a barrier to
arrest the people of Texas in the pursuit of what
has ever been their favorite'object.
But again: It has been urged that this treatythas
been obtained from Texas by false suggestions and
pretences, and that for this reason it ought not to
be ratified by the Senate. It has been compared
by the senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
to a deed obtained by fraud; and he auks, if a man's
agent has obtained a deed by such means, ought
the principal, as an honest man, to accept it? I an-
swer, yes, most certainly, if the grantor not only
consents to it with a full knowledge of all the cir-
cumstances, but, as in the case of Texas, earnestly
urges its acceptance upon the grantee. I have said
before that I shall not enter 'upon the wide field
presented by the correspondence accompanying the
treaty, which has been so minutely explored by
other senators. If the President has done any-
wrong in the beginning, (which I do not admit.) the
subsequent enthusiastic assent of Texas cures all
defects.
In the further discussion of this subject, I shall
first present to the Senate some of the specific rea-
sons why-Texas ought to be annexed to the Union,
■ and steli then answer a few vf the- most promiwH
