June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
723
88th Cong 1st Sess.
. Annexation, of Texas—Mr. Buchanan.^
Senate.
tor frorn Missouri oh all these propositions. I re-
gret this most sincerely. This difference, however,
shall never estrange me from him, nor ought it, in
my opinion, to injure him, in the slightest degree,
in the estimation of his party. He has been the
hero of-a hundred fights in the cause of democracy.
His cheering voice has always been heard the loud-
est in the hour of deepest gloom. If he has erred
for once, not upon the principle of annexation, but
merely as to the time when it can be best accom-
flished, should this condemn him? No, never. Still
differ'from him, and shall proceed to state my rea-
sons.
Jfow, sir, highly as I prize Texas, and ardently
as I desire her admission into the Union, I would not
accomplish this purpose by means of a crime. I
would not do evil that good might come. To do
this is to blight the greatest benefits, and to convert
lha.t which, when honestly acquired, would be a
blessing, into'a curse. If Texas cannot be acquired
but through violated treaties and unjust war, let it
never be acquired.
By the first article of our treaty with Mexico of
the 5th April, 1831, it is agreed that "there shall be
a firm, inviolable, and universal peace, and a
true and sincere friendship between the United
States of America and the United Mexican States,
in all the extent of their possessions and terri-
tories," and between their people and citizens, re-
spectively,, without distinction of persons Or places."
I quote the language of this article, because simi-
lar language has been employed in most of the trea-
ties of peace between civilized nations for the last
three hundred years. Writers on public law divide
treaties into two general classes,—"first, those which
turn merely on things to which the parties were al-
ready bound by the law of nature,—secondly, those
by which they enterinto further engagements." "To
this first class belohg all simple treaties of peace aiid
friendship, when the engagements which we thereby
contract make no addition to those duties that men
owe to each other as brethren and as members of the
human society."—Vattel, book 2, chap. 12, sec. 169.
The law of nature and of nature's God commands
that all nations shall cultivate peace and friendship
with each other; and treaty stipulations to this effect
" are only intended to give this great law a human
sanction. Kow, sir, nearly all the wars which have
been waged in the world since the era of civilization,
have contravened such treaties, of peace previously
existing between the belligerents? And shall we un-
dertake to denounce all such wars as unjust, and the
nations who have declared them as violators of the .
faitk of treaties? By no meanii. Neither the law of
nature nor'the. law of nations pronounces any such
harsh judgment. There are many cases in which a
nation, from the conduct of the opposite party and
from a variety of causes, may be perfectly justifia-
ble in absolving itself from the obligations of a trea-
ty. There is a memorable example of this kind, in
our own history, on which, however, I express no
opinion. On the 7th July, 1798, Congress passed an
act declaring all the tres'ies theretofore concluded
between France and the United Slates to be no longer
obligatory. There are several cases enumerated hy
writers on public law which would justify the viola-.
tion of any treaty, however positive and specific
might be its engagement®. The great law of self-
preservation justifies nations as well as individuals,
in protecting and defending themselves; and if a trea-
ty previously concluded endangers the existence of
a nation, she is no longer bound by its obligations.
This principle is strongly and clearly asserted in
Vattel, book 2, chap 12, sec. 160.
The senator, therefore, who conscientiously be-
lieves, from the evidence before him, that Texas
will become a dependency of England, unless it
should be annexed to the United States, and that
through the agency of English abolitionists a servile
war vvo.uld be lighted up, endangering the existence
of the southern States, would be perfectly justified
in voting for annexation, even if, instead of a gene-
ral treaty of peace, we had a treaty with Mexico
guarantying the integrity of her territory. Because,
says Yattel, "though a simple injury, or some dis-
advantage in a treaty, be not sufficient to invalidate
it, the case is not the same with those inconvenien-
ces that would lead to the ruin of the nation." And
he proceeds to prove that "a treaty pernicious to
the State is null, and not at all obligatory, as no con-
ductor of a nation has the power to enter into en-
gagements to do such things as are capable of de-
stroying the State, for whose safety the government
is entrusted to him." And again, §170: "If the as-
kance and office* Am W due by virtue of eudi o
treaty (those permitting commerce, passage, <fcc;)
should "on any occasion prove incompatible with the
duties a nation owes to herself, or with what the
sovereign owes to his own nation, the case is tacitly
and necessarily excepted in the treaty,"
But, sir, we have no occasion to invoke the aid
of these high principles of public law to relieve us
from the imputation of violating our treaty of peace
with Mexico, even if actual war now: existed be-
tween Mexico and Texas. Ours would even then
be a case in which all writers or^he law of nations
have not only justified, but commended our con-
duct. "It is lawful and commendable (says Yattel)
to succor and assist, by all possible means, a nation
engaged in a just war; and it is even a _ duty incum-
bent on every nation to give such assistance, when
she can give it without injury to herself." Book 3,
chap. 7, §83. And this duty rises still higher, and
the obligation becomes more imperious, when a
weak and feeble nation is oppressed by au unjust
war waged against her by a grasping ana more pow-
erful neighbor. I might read any number of au-
thorities to establish this principle; but I deem it
wholly unheeessary. This is the law engraven upon
the heartof every man by the finger of the Almighty.
Under this aspect of the question, our relations with
Texas render our obligation irresistible to aid her
against the unjust oppression of Mexico. The law
of nature, applicable to individuals, is the law of na-
tions when applied to sovereigns. What man,
then, having the heart and courage of a man,- "would
see his weak and helpless fellow mail assaulted, and
beaten, and crushed to the earth by a powerful ene-
my, without interposing to arrest such an outrage ?
To assist the weak in a just cause against the strong,
is the dictate of our nature ; and this princi pie has
been incorporated, with all commendation, into the
law of nations. This law would justify our inter-
ference even between strangers ; but Texas is.a child
of our great family; and our obligation to protect
her weakness from aggression becomes irresistible.
And yet we are to be told that, to render her this as-
sistance, would be to forfeit our faith with Mexico,
and expose ourselves to the condemnation of the
civilized world, and in the opinion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,] to violate the
christian religion.
It is well for us who support this treaty, that we
do not reside in Boston. If we did, we should
doubtless be deprived of ail church privileges.
That the war which Mexico waged against Texas
was an unjust war, I think can be clearly demon-
strated. And here, in opposition to the senator from
Missouri, I shall contend, and I think demonstrate,
that Texas never did owe any allegiance to the pres-
ent government of Mexico; and, as a necessary^conse-
quence, that government has been guilty of oppres-
sion and injustice in attempting the subjugation of
Texas. . .
In 1824, Mexico adopted her constitution. Lnder
it, the Mexican republic was composed of a number
of sovereign States, confederated together in a fed-
eral Union similar to our own. Each State had its
own legislature, judiciary, and governor; and, for
all local purposes, was as independent both of the
general government and that of the other States, as
is Pennsylvania or Virginia under our confederacy.
Texas and Goahuila united and formed one of these
Mexican States; and its constitution, which was ap-
proved by the Mexican confederacy, asserted that
it was "free and independent of the other United
Mexican States, and ef every other foreign power
and dominion," and asserted the great principle ot
human liberty—that "the sovereignty of the State
resides originally and essentially in the general mass
of the individuals who compose it." The people
of Texas swore, in the presence of their God, to
maintain their own constitution and the federal con-
stitution of Mexico. The strongest inducements
were thus presented to the citizens of the United
States to emigrate to Texas. They believed, in leaving
their native land, that they were going to a country
where they would be governed by State laws, enact-
ed by their own representatives, and where their
lives, their liberty, and their property, would be
secured by the same constitutional guaranties that
existed in the different States of our own confederacy.
They never apprehended that a central and distant
government might arise in the city of Mexico which
would change them from freemen into slaves.
In 1835, Santa Anna, at the head of a mercenary
army, effected a revolution in Mexico, changed the
form of government entirely, and became the die-
iatorof the republic. On the 3d of October, 1835,
a decreo was issued by the General Congress of
Mexico, at his bidding, directing the Congresses of
the different States immediately to desist from the
exefeise of their legislative functions; and on the
23d of the same month, another decree 'ematiated
from the same body, annihilating the constitutions
of the sovereign States of the confederacy, and con-
verting them into mere departments of the cen-
tral goverment established at Mexico. The legis-
lature of Texas was expelled from their own halt
at the point of the bayonet; and Santa Anna's con-
duct thus presented a feeble imitation of the daring
of Cromwell and of Bonaparte. He made great
prep*rations to subdue Texas, vainly expecting, as
was generally believed, to return froni fields of giory
to be proclaimed emptror of Mexico. Had the
Texians not resisted—had they tamely submitted
to be robbed of their government, their rights and
their liberties by a tyrant, they would have been Un-
worthy of the race from which they sprung.
Now, sir, let me state a parallel case, if, imseeil,
we can be permitted even to imagine its existence.
Suppose a military tyrant should become President
of the United States; should drive the legislatures of
the different States out of their own halls by an
armed force; should annul the federal and the State
constitutions; and, under shelter of a subservient
Congress create himself dictator of the republic:
suppose all this, and I then ask, would those States
who resisted the tyrant owe any allegiance to his
usurped government? "No, sir; no. Santa Anna
was guilty of treason in abolishing the ederal and
State governments of Mexico; and, by every law*,
human and divine, ought to have been condemned
to die the death of a traitor. Resistance to such ty-
rannv was the dictate of Heaven. Texas uftis ab—.
solved from all allegiance to him and to his govern-
ment; and from the very moment that he violated
her constitution, she stood before the world, both de
facto and de jure, a free, sovereign, and independent
nation. She never was, and never will be, a depart-
ment of the central government of Mexico. The
traitor can never rightfully claim the allegiance of
those whom he would make victims of his treason.
I ask if under these circumstances, the United States
had interposed in 1835 to save Texas from oppres-
sion, whether it could have been denounced as an
act of bad faith towards Mexico, deserving the con-
demnation of the civilized world? Had we interfered
at this critical moment, we should have placed our-
selves precisely in the position of France, when, in
our utmost need, she generously came to our aid
during the war of the revolution. And who will ac-
cuse France of having violated her faith with Eng-
land, and say she justly deserved the condemnation
of the world for coming to our rescue? It is true
that the definitive treaty of 1763 was then in. jull
force between France and England; and its very first
article contained a similar engagement to that of ours
with Mexico, though couched m much stronger
terms, for perpetual peace and friendship between
the two nations. Among the nations of the earth
these are not questions of violated faith; and this
phantom which has been conjured up to alarm oi^P
fears has no real existence.
Bat we did not generously go to the aid ot I exas,
as France had come to our aid.' Pursuing our es-
tablished policy of not interfering in the disputes
and wars of other nations, we left Texas to maintain
the struggle alone against fearful odds. And what
-was the result' .
Santa Anna invaded Texas with an army of
10 000 men. His cruelty, whilst victory attended
him, would have disgraced Attila himself, who
boas'ted that he was "the scourge of Gsd." Eveiy
rule of civilized warfare was set at defiance, and
the massacre of five hundred Texian prisoners m
cold blood at Goliad, by his express orders, and
other similar enormities, are a disgrace to the pres-
ent aire. I never shall forget the deep, the heart-
rending sensations of sorrow and of indignation
which pervaded this body when we first heard of
these inhuman butcheries. The career ot the
usurper was but brief. On the 21st April, 183b,
was fought the memorable battle of San Jacinto. On
that field seven hundred Texians defeated fourteen
hundred Mexicans. Five hundred of these -were
slain, and nearly all the rest were taken prisoners.
On that day the Texians achieved their indepen-
dence; and on that day they convinced the world,
by their conduct and their courage, that they de-
served to rank as an independent nation. Consider-
ing the numbers engaged, history does not record a
more brilliant achievement. Santa Anna himself
was among the captives; and by every law, humors
and divine, he had forfeited hi* life. It wou.d be i%
