724
APPENDIX 1T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
waste • of time to cite authorities from the law
of nations to establish this principle, the correct-
ness of which was admitted at the time by the whole
cfvilized world. I shall barely read a short passage
from Vattel, which will place this position in a clear
point of view. He says:
"There is, however, one ca«e in which we may refuse to
spare the life of an enemy who surrenders. It is when that
enemy has been guilty of some enormous breach of the law
of nations, and particularly when he has violated the laws
oJ war. This refusal of quarter is no natural consequence
of thenar, but a punishment for hiss crime—a punishment
which the injured*party has .a right to inflict/'—Book 3,
chap. S, sec. 141.
I need scarcely add that the murder of prisoners
in cold blood is an enormous violation of the laws
of war.
But mercy was extended to Santa Anna, al-
though he was reeking with the blood of unresist-
ing Texian prisoners; and I do not condemn Gene-
ral Houston for having spared his life. What is
the next act in this historical drama?
On the 14th May, 1836, Santa Anna, then the
dictator of the republic of Mexico, acknowledged
by treaty, in the most solemn form, "the full, en-
tire, and perfect independence of the republic of
Texas." It is true that, at the time, he was a pris-
oner of war; and for this reason, strictly speaking,
his acts were not binding on the Mexican republic.
But 'when we consider all the circumstances of the
case, I am -clearly of the opinion, that injustice and
in equity, that republic ought to have ratified the
act. The life of the ^dictator was spared, and he
was set at liberty; and General Filisola's army, con-
sisting of 4,000 men, which was completely in the
power of Texas, was permitted to retire in peace to
Mexico. The treaty secured these and other im-
portant advdntages to Mexico; and it is unjust that
she should enjoy all the benefits which it conferred
upon her, and at the same time discharge herself
from all the obligations which it imposed. However
we might excuse the conduct of the Mexican gov-
ernment, under another chief, for annulling this
treaty recognising the independence of Texas, what
shall we say of the conduct of Santa Anna since he
has been again placed at the head of the Mexican
natfon? His life was spared, his army was permit-
ted to return in securiy to Mexico; and, under these
circumstances, every principle of honor required
that the moment he obtained the power, he should
recognise the independence of Texas. lie knows,
and has repeatedly acknowledged, the folly of per-
sisting in his claim to that country. On the 4th
July, 1836, he recognised his own act, declaring
Texas independent, as valid; and in this city, m
the month of December following, when he was
entirely free, he acknowledged to General Jackson
"that Texas was but a broken wing of Mexico;
that it would be a mere incumbrance and hindrance
until lopped off." And yet, with true Spanish ob-
stinacy, he still refuses to recognise the indepen-
dence of Texas.
I think I have now conclusively shown, that even
the United States had gone to the aid of Texas be-
fore or immediately after the battle of St. Jacinto,
we should have been justified under the law of na-
tions before the civilized world. I have proved that
Texas never was a province, either de jure or ile
facto, of the present Mexican government; and that
the war waged by Mexico to subdue Texas, was an
act of unjust and wanton power, and in violation of
the constitution which the people of Texas had
sworn to support.
I shall now proceed to shew that we shall be
justified, without the consent of Mexico, in accept-
ing the offer of Texas to enter our confederacy; and
that this will be no violation of national faith or na-
tional honor.
On the 1st of March, 1837, the Senate adopted a
resolution recognising the independence of Texas;
arid our example was soon followed by England,
France, Holland, and Belgium. What did we mean
by this recognition? By it we declared, in effect,
that Texas had successfully resisted the power of
Mexico ; that she was a free and independent nation;
and that we received her into the family of nations,
with all the rights and privileges belonging to any
other member, and on terms of perfect equality with
ourselves. By this act we acknowledged, in the
language of our own declaration of independence,
that she had "full powerto levy war, conclude peace,
contract alliances, establish commerce, and to do all
other acts and things which an independent State
may of right do." But the Senator from Hew Jersey
[Mr. Miller] has reminded me that I voted against
fhe recognition of Texan independence; and has also
read extracts from my remarks on that occasion, for
the purpose,' I presume, of proving 'my inconsist-
ency. Now, sir, whilst I believe that my public life,
since I first entered Congress, has been as consistent
as that of any Senator on this floor, yet I have never
arrogated to myself infallibility. I trust that I grow
wiser by experience; and if I had sired seven years
ago, most certainly I should not now persist in that
error merely for the sake of appearing to be con-
sistent. As an honest man, I would be bound to re-'
tract my error;- ^id this more especially when it
was to the injury of a kindred and friendly republic.
But can the senator perceive no difference between
what was the condition of Texas on the first of
March, 1837, and what it is now on the 8th of June,
1844? On th« former occasion, I supposed that the
war of Texian independence might not have been
ended. I supposed that Mexico, in the next cam-
paign, after she had suffered the disastrous defeat of
San Jacinto, might have rallied all her forees for the
conquest of Texas. In short, I doubted whether
Texas had achieved her independence; and I refused
to acknowledge a fact, of the existence of which I
was not then satisfied. I am most happy now to
acknowledge that my fears were without founda-
tion. Texas has since maintained her independence
against Mexico for a longer period than the whole
duration of our revolutionary war. Indeed, during
this long period, Mexico has never even made a
serious attempt to subjugate Texas. I trust, then,
I shall stand redeemed from the charge of incon-
sistency whilst voting for this treaty, even in the
opinion of the senator from New Jersey.
A proper regard for the opinion of mankind has
hitherto wisely prevented our government from
treating for the annexation of Texas to this coun-
tiy. That we might, years ago, have concluded
such a treaty, without any violation of national
faith or national honor, I entertain not a doubt; but
still we owed it to our own character before the na-
tions of the earth not to act with precipitation on a
question of such peculiar delicacy. Throughout the
war we have maintained a strict neutrality between
the belligerent powers. The independence of Texas
has now been acknowledged by the principal com-
mercial nations of the earth. She has entered into
treaties with them, and with us. No foot of an in-
vading enemy rests, or has ever rested, upon her
soil since the battle of San Jacinto. She still regards
her restoration to the bosom of our republic with an
eye of intense desire. • She has never faltered in this
purpose, since the declaration of her independence
in 1836, when sire determined, with enthusiastic
unanimity, in favor of reannexation. The time has
at length arrived when we may receive her without
any imputation upon our honor. I have heard
epithets used against the treaty before us, as harsh as
those which have been justly applied to the treaties
entered into by the despotic sovereigns who dis-
membered Poland, and divided its territory amongst
themselves, against the consent of the brave and
patriotic Polish nation. But will senators reflect
upon the vast difference? It is the Texian people
themselves, the arbiters of their own destiny, who
are eager to become united to this republic. Who
will then dare to complain in their name that we are
about to treat them with injustice, when we are
granting them a boon which, of all others, they
most ardently desire?
But it is contended with pertinacity that we ought
to wait still longer, before we receive Texas; and
that we are bound to afford- Mexico a still longer
period for her subjugation. Let us examine -illio
proposition for a few minutes.
It is said that war, bloody war, still rages between
the two nations; and that, until-this shall have ended,
we ought not to admit Texas into the Union. But
what is the fact? The poetical fancy of the senator
from Massachusetts has invested this war with ter-
rors that might even alarm the brave. We have
heard the changes rung by him upon the words
flagrante hello, until we might almost be persuaded
to believe, against our own knowledge, that flagrant
war really rages between the two nations. When
asked to specify the battles which have illustrated
this war, he is compelled to be silent. Now, whether
actual war exists, is a question of fact to be decided
by the existence of actual hostilities. The most
amusing feature of this protracted debate has been
the earnestness with which it has been contended on
the one side and the other that war does and that
war does not exist. Never before, in the history of
the human race, I undertake to say, was such a
question doubtful throughout a period of seven
years,. This could surely, never have been made a
question at any period during our seven years' revo-
lutionary war, or the seven years' war of Frederick
the Great: If there be an existing war against Tex-
as, and we should adopt it, this will be the smallest
war that has ever been adopted by any nation. One
thing is perfectly certain: that there never has been a
serious attempt made to conquer Texas since the
battle of San Jacinto. What says Mr. Webster
upon this subject' Hear him, in opposition to the
fancy sketch of the senator from his own Stats. In
his despatch as Secretary of State to our minister in
Mexico of the 8th July, 1842, he says:
"From the time of the battle of San Jacinto, in April, 1836,
to the present moment, Texas has exhibited the same e:$er-
nal signs of national independence as Mexico herself, and
with quite as much stability of government. Practically
free and independent, acknowledged as a political sove-
reignty by the principal powers of the world, no hostile foot
finding rest within her territory for six or seven years, and
Mexico herself refraining foraU that penod from any fur-
ther attempt to re-establish her own authority over the terri-
tory." "The battle of San Jacinto, fought on the 21st April,
1836, achieved their independence. The war was from that
time at an end." "Since 1837, the United States have regard-
ed Texas as an independent sovereignty as much as Mexico."
"He (Mr. Bocanegra) speaks of Texas as still being an inte-
gral part of the Mexican republic;'' but he cannot but under-
stand that the United States do not so regard it." '"!The con-
stitution, public treaties, and the laws, oblige the President
to regard Texas as an independent State, and its territory as
no part of the territory of Mexico
No hostile foot has found rest upon the soil of
Texas between the battle of St. Jacinto on the 21st
April, 1836, and the date of Mr. Webster's despatch
on the 8th July, 1842! A war to resitbjugate a re-
volted province suspended for more than six years;
and yet Mexico" still claiming that province,and
threatening war against all who would interfere with
her claim! Such a compound of impotence and
bluster has never been witnessed in the conduct of
any nation.
Until the present moment, no attempt has been
made by Mexico to invade Texas with any view ef
conquest. In the month of September, 1842, three
marauding expeditions suddenly crossed the Rio del
Norte into Texas, under the command of Gen#ral
Woll; but they fled with precipitation before the
approach of the Texians. The chief, if not the only
trophy of these forays, was the capture of a court,
jury, lawyer, witnesses, and all, whom they fqund in
session at San Antonio de Bejar. These they car-
ried off into Mexico; and although they were all
civilians, with true Mexican contempt"for the law of
nations, they were confined as close prisoners in the
castle of Perote, were doomed to hard labor, and
were, in other respects, treated with wanton and
vindictive cruelty.
These three marauding expeditions, then, of eight
days' duration, constitute the entire history of the
war carried on by Mexico for the conquest of Tex-
as during a longer period than the whole of our
revolutionary war, and almost as long as the siege
of Troy. Now, I admit, that we must take Texas
with all her imperfections on ker head; and if this
quasi war with Mexico be the greatest of them, we
shall have much reason to rejoice. On this subject,
all that can be said with truth is, that Mexico and
Teias were once at war, and have not yet nmde
peace; though from the weakness of Mexico, or
some other cause, actual hostilities have long since
been suspended on her part, unless we may except
the predatory incursions of General Woll, who fled
with more rapidity than he had advanced.
The senator from Missouri,, in one of his resolu-
tions, admits that we may annex Texas without the
consent of Mexico, when Mexico shall "cease to
prosecute the war on a scale commensurate to the
conquest of the country." It is not, therefore, in
his opinion, a mere occasional predatory incursion
of Mexico into Texas, which ought to deprive her
of the power of annexing herself to the United
States, or prevent us from receiving her. Can any-
thing be clearer than this proposiuon? If it were
not true, it would then be in the power of Mexico,
although she might have abandoned every hope of
conquest, to paralyze both Texas and the United
States, and prevent them . from ever forming a re-
union. If any war should be deemed sufficient to
arrest annexation, it must be an actual and not a
mere paper war; and this, too, conducted upon a
scale commensurate with the subjugation of the
country.
The senator from Missouri, who is, I sincerely
believe, anxious for the annexation of Texas, in the
resolution to which I have just referred, proposes to
postpone this event until "Mexico shall either con-
sent to the same, or acknowledge, the independence
of Texas, or cease to prosecute the war against her
