APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June,1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation bf Texas—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate".
present occasion, if Texas had ceded to us a part of
her territory whilst at war with Mexico, instead of
the whole: and I ask how can the principle be changed
by the amount of the cession? The neutral ob-
taining such a cession of belligerent territory most
probably accepts it, subject to the right of conquest
by the opposite party; but the idea of bad faith in
such a transaction does not seem to have entered the
pure mind ofMr. Madison. We are far more sen-
sitive on this subjcet wow than ouv ancestors were
forty ye"hm ago.
But there are other examples in our history di-
rectly in point in every particular. Messrs. Adams
and Clay made two unsuccessful efforts, in 1825
and 1827, to purchase Texas from Mexico, whilst
actual war—not a mere paper war—was raging be-
tween Spain and Mexico, and long before the gov-
ernment of Spain had recognised the independence
of Mexico.
In August, 1829, General Jackson and. Mr. Yan
Buren made a similar attempt to purchase Texas
from Mexico; although, at the very morifent, the
great expedition of Barradas had sailed from the
Havana to make a last and desperate struggle to re-
cover Mexico, and, in the language of this command-
er, "to re-establish order, and the paternal govern-
ment of the best of kings."- This expedition was
known to the whole world. Mr. Van Buren, so far
from believing that the purchase of Texas from
Mexico would be a violation of our treaty of peace
with Spain, even whilst war was raging between
that power and Mexico, actually urged the exist-
ence of this very war upon Mexico as tC strong rea-
son to induce her to make the cession.. "The par-
ticularly threatening attitude of Spain at the present
moment" was presented to Mexico as a most co-
gent reason why she should accept the money offer-
ed by the United States for Texas, and thus
supply herself with the means of defending the resi-
due of her territory. The idea of a violation of na-
tional faith towards Spain by the acquisition of Tex-
as does not seem once to have occurred to the minds
of cither Mr. Adams, Mr. Clay, General Jackson,
or Mr. Van Buren. Mexico now stands precisely
in the sacpe position towards the question that Spain
did then; and, in accepting the cession of Texas from
Texas herself, without the consent of Mexico, we
no more violate our faith towards Mexico than all
these distinguished statesmen would have done
when they were intent upon obtaining the cession
of the same territory from Mexico without the con-
sent ofSpain. The difference is, indeed, greatly in
favor of the present treaty. They were anx-
ious to obtain the cession whilst actual war was
raging between Spain and Mexico; but we de-
. layed to make the attempt until eight years
had elapsed since the last serious effort was made
by Mexico to subdue Texas. The truth is, this is
not a question involving national faith at all; and it
never would have been so considered, had we not
ourselve# proclaimed to the world that it would be a
heinous crime against Mexico to ratify the treaty.
_ I defy human ingenuity to point out a difference
flpween the cases 1 have cited under the adminis-
trations of Mr. Adams and General Jackson and
the present case, that would not operate in favor of
the treaty now before us. Had we then purchased
from Mexico, this would have been done without
the consent of the inhabitants of Texas; but now we
can obtain Texas by the unanimous consent of -its
free, sovereign, and independent people. But I
promised not to enlarge upon this branch of the
subject.
I shall now merely glance at a'few of what 1 con-
sider the minor objections to this treaty.
And first: It has been contended that the true
boundary of Texas does not extend so far to the
west as the Rio del Norte; and that for this reason
we should violate the just rights of Mexico by rati-
fying the treaty. If this were true, those who make
the objection ought to „offer an amendment to the
treaty, so to make it conform to the relative rights
©f the parties. But, sir, I ask you, could any rea-
sonable man have expected that Texas would dis-
member herself, and proclaim to the world, on the
face of this treaty, that the boundaries which she
had solemnly established in 1836, by act of Con-
gress, embraced territory rightfully belonging to
Mexico? No, sir, no. We must accept Texas just
as she is, or not at all; and after we have acquired
the territory, we can then finally fix the boundaries
between ourselves and Mexico, according to the
rights of each, and the mutual interested security of
the two countries. The present "administration
Slave done every thing on this subject which could
reasonably have been desired. They left the boun-
dary ofTexas without specification in the treaty,
and have promptly offered to adjust it with Mexi-
co on fair and favorable terms. Texas has always
claimed to the Del Norte, and is now in possession
of the whole of the left bank of that river to the
Passu, nearly a thousand miles from its mouth.
Her claim to that portion of New Mexico which lies
east of this river, and north of the Passo, is certain-
ly of a very doubtful character; and it is one upon
which we ought not to insist.'
Again: It has been objected that we have made a
bad bargain, by assuming to pay the debt of Tex-
as, not exceeding $10,000,000. But will any senator
contend that we could, either in honor or justice, ac-
cept all her broad lands; without paying her debts?
This we must do, unless we are willing to present
ourselves before the civilized world as a nation of
swindlers. Even if we were bound to pay these
ten millions out of the treasury of the United States,
the sum would be so small, when compared with the
vast and enduring advantages of the acquisition, as
scarcely to be worthy of a moment's considera-
tion. But with the exception of $350,000, not a
dollar will be drawn from the treasury. The .resi-
due is payable out of the proceeds of the public
lands ofTexas; and these lands yet unappropriated,
according to a late report of their commissioner of
public lands, exceed one hundred and thirty-six
millions of acres. This may be, and probably is,
an exaggerated estimate; but still there can be no
doubt but that these lands will nay five times the
amount of the debt thus' assumed.
It has, also, been strenuously urged that, as Con-
gress alone, under the constitution, possesses the.
power to declare war, the President and Senate have
no power to make this treaty, because we would
thus adopt the alleged war on the p;\rt of Texas
against Mexico. But the answer to this argument
is easy. Whether this war has any actual existence
or not, the friends of the present treaty, so far as I
know their opinion, have never entertained the idea
for a moment either that it could be, or ought to be,
executed without a previous act of Congress for this
purpose. Indeed, from its very nature, it would re-
quire such an act before it could be enforced. If the
United States should ever form a treaty of alliance
with any nation, whether at the time angaged in
aetual hostilities or not, from the very nature of our
government, no such treaty , which might involve the
country either in immediate-or prospective war,
could ever be executed without the approbation of
the House of Representatives, as well as the Senate.
In all such cases tne war-making power must con-
cur with the treaty-making power.
After presenting to the Senate a few general con-
siderations on the subject of the treaty, I shall cease
any longer to intrude upon their patience.
it is, I verily believe, the true interest of Mexico
that Texas should be annexed to the United States.
It is utterly impossible that a nation chiefly com-
posed of native-born Americans, who carried with
them all the principles and safeguards of political
liberty—the habeas corpus, the trial by jury, a
strict constitutional limitation of the powers of
government, and a division of these powers into
legislative, executive, and judicial—can ever remain
citizens of Mexico, where all these blessings
are practically unknown. Besides, in the very na-
ture of things, our race of men can never be sub- •
jected to the imbecile and indolent Mexican race. •
Sooner, far sooner, in all human probability, will
Texas conquer Mexico, than Mexico subdue Tex-
as. Should Mexico ever seriously invade Texas—
let her government proclaim a crusade against Mexi-
co, and thousands and tens of thousands of the hot
and fiery spirits of the West will rush to the rescue
of their brethren, in spite of all the efforts of our
government to prevent. An army composed of such
materials may fight a second battle of San Jacinto
under the walls of Mexico, and raise the standard of
the lone star on the battlements of Montezuma.
Let Texas be reannexed to the United States; let the
natural barrier between us and Mexico be thus re-
stored, and all such dangers are ended. The two
sister republics will then live in peace and harmony
with each other.
What may and probably will be the consequence
of our refusal to ratify the present treaty? There
is a time, says the wise man, for all things under the
sun; and if that time be suffered to pass unimproved,
it rarely if ever returns. Should we refuse to embrace
the present "golden opportunity" for'consummating
the union between the two republics, another may
never be afforded, Will not our *efiisal, under all
the circumstances, justly irritate the people ofTexas
against us? May she not be driven to take counsel
from her interests instead of her inclinations; and in
that case, is it quite certain that her eventual pros-
perity would not be better promoted by an indepen-
dent existence, and a commercial ailiance with Great
Britain? .
Besides, the Senate has entirely changed the an-
cient practice of the goverfneni, by -publishing
to the world all the correspondence connected with
this treaty. I fear that our foreign ministers abroad
will no longer be able to obtain information of a
confidential character from other governments which
it may be of the last importance for us to know; be-
cause they can give no pledge that what may be
communicated under the sacred seal of confidence
shall not be exposed to the world' by the action of
the Senate. Every man who has been abroad as a
foreign minister will feel the force of this remark.
On the present occasion, our young and yet com-
paratively feeble sister republic whispered to us in
confiding affection, that she was weak, and that she
was destitute of resources: and yet the Senate have
broken the seal of her confidence, and have thus
proclaimed her embarrassments to Mexico and to the
world. If this information should provoke an at-
tack from Mexico; and if we, after involving her in
a new conflict, should stand coolly by, without com-
ing to her assistance,—although I have no dread of
the final result, yet our conduct would inevitably
tend to alienate her feelings and arouse her indigna-
tion. If evil should result to her from this abortive
attempt at annexation, her affection for us may be
changed, into bitter hatred^ and future annexation
be rendered impossible.
We cannot disguise from ourselves that the debate
on this treaty has created new and powerful
obstacles in the way of annexation. Had the treaty
been ratified by the Senate—had the union between
the two republics been completed, the subject would
have passed away without producing a ripple upon
the surface of public opinion throughout the world.
It would have been an event so natural in itself, and
so consonant to the wishes of both countries, that it
would hai? attracted but little attention from other
nations. Even Santa Anna himself, according to
the enlightened opinion of Mr. Thompson, our late
minister to Mexico—and no man had a better op-
portunity of judging—wns prepared for our inter-
position. In his despatch to our Secretary of State
of the 2d February laSt, he says:
"There may be other marauding forays like that of Gen-
eral Woll, retreating morp rapidly than they advanced; but
as to any regular and reasonably sufficient force invading
the country, the thing is impossible, and will not be at-
tempted They cannot raise money to support such an
army two months.
"My opinion is, that} notwithstanding all their vaporing an4
gasconade, the most agreeable thing to Santa *dnna would
be an autjioritatii e interposition of our government toput an end
to the war, as he would then say that we were too strong for
them to contend with."
The Edinburgh reviewer expressed his astonish-
ment that the United States had^not accepted the
last Oiler of annexation which Texas made. It does
not ;$eem to kave occurred to his mind that either
national faith or national honor stood in the way.
After we shall have rejected the present offer of
Texas, his predictions may be verified. He says:
"The United States, in refusing to admit Texas into their
confederation, have rejected an offer which, in all proba-
bility, will never again be made to them; and Texas becom-
ing, as years pass by, more and more attached to its own in-
stitutions, its own distinct policy, and its own national char-
acter, will speedily regard the United States with some of
those feelings of jealousy ■which nations always learn to
entertain towards their nearest and most powerful neigh-
bors. The commercial interest of Texos, and the antipathy
to the northern portion ol the United States, which she in-
herits from her kindled of the southern States, will always
tend to unite her with Great Britain."
But the aspect of the whole affair has entirely
changed. Some of the most distinguished Senators
have denounced the treaty ks a violation of the na-
tional faith,—as unjust and insulting to Mexico,—
as deserving the condemnation of the christian world;
and have attempted to excite universal indignation
against its authors. Their voices will be heard both
in Mexico and in Europe, and will arouse hostility
every where against the treaty. Although this was
far from their intention, their denunciations may ex-
cite Santa Anna to make a last and desperate strug-
gle for the recovery of Texas, and will afford a
pretext to the British government to use the most
active means, and to resort to all the arts of diplo-
macy, to prevent future annexation. That govern-
ment will now have time to muster its forces; as it
will find the anticipation of Lord Aberdeen, that the.
