May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ttf
28th CoitfG 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
Senate would not ratify the treaty, to have been well
founded. There are some things that, if they are to
be done at all, "then 'twere well they were done
quickly;" and under existing circumstances, surely
the annexation of Texas was one of this number.
Had Mr. Jefferson not embraced the golden oppor-
tunity of annexing Louisiana to the United States
when it was presented—had he delayed but for a
single month—then this acquisition would, in all hu-
man probability, never have been made witRout an
expensive and bloody war. Oneimportantadvantage
of the treaty-making power is, that it can act with
secrecy and despatch,. as it did in the purchase of
Louisiana and the cession of Texas ; but this advan-
tage, so far as Texas is concerned, will now be lost
to us forever.
' This question will now give rise to a struggle be-
tween England (aided, most probably, by the pres-
ent government of France) and the United States.
England has long had her ever-watchful eyes in-
tently fixed upon Texas; . and she has strained
every nerve to aquire an influence over that republic.
At an early day she recognised the independence of
Texas, and concluded a treaty of mediation with
her, for the purpose of- obtaining the recognition of
her independence from" Mexico. When our gov-
ernment and that of France proposed to unite with
England in an effort to induce Mexico to recognise
Texian independence, she refused the offer, doubt-
less under the belief that, by accomplishing the ob-
ject separately, she would place Texas under greater
obligations. When General Houston proclaimed
the abortive armistice to which I have referred, she
had already acquired such an influence in Texas
that, under it, hostilities were not to be resumed with
Mexico until notice to that effect should be given
through her Britannic Majesty's charge d'affaires.
At this moment, the. successful diplomacy of our
government arrested the career nf Kn«'!nmi, and ob-
tained the treaty which we are now about to reject.
She will now return to the charge with redoubled
vigor, and flushed with the highest hopes of success.
Her present minister to this country was for many
years her representative in Mexico, and is under-
stood to be a great favorite with Santa Anna; whilst
she is represented in Texas by the celebrated Cap-
tain Elliott, of Chinese memory.
Who doubts, from the evidence before us and
around us, but that these functionaries are taxing
all their abilities to the utmost to prevent Texas
from being annexed to the United States? That the
British government are intent upon preventing this
reunion is no longer doubtful, since the late
extraordinary reniarlts of Lord Aberdeen in the
House of Lords. ■ Indeed, it can be no lenger dis-
guised that this question has become a British and an
American question. Under these circumstances,
■whilst England is using every effort of skilful diplo-
macy to acquire an influence in Texas, to be used
notoriously to our prejudice, shall we coldly re-
pulse her from our doors' I know we shall; but
what may be the final result, Heaven only knows.
My reliance is upon the people of Texas themselves,
much more than upon their government. Their af-
fection for the glorious land of their birth and its
free institutions may yet baffle all the efforts of
England. I trust they may consider the present
- abortive attempt to effect annexation as hot final;
and that they will patiently await the determination
of the people of the United.States, at. the approach-
ing elections, before they adopt any measures of
which they may have cause to repent hereafter, and
which might render annexation impossible.
SPEECH OF MR. RIVES,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the Senate, May 27,1844—On Mr. McDcffie's proposi-
tion to repeal the tariff bet of 184*3.
Mr. RIVES said he had hitherto abstained from taking any
part m this debate, because he preferred being a list ;n.er to
the able and instructive arguments of other gentlemen,
rather than to obtrude, with "an anxiety disproportionei to
its importance, anything he might have to say on the atten-
tion of the Senate. And he begged the Senate to believe
that he did not now rise to enter into any formal or system-
atic discussion of the subject which had so long occupied
its attention. A large majority of the Senaie, he had no
doubt, had long since come to the conclusion that the bill of
the honorable senator from South Carolina [Mr >IcDi*ffif]
U, -within the true meaning of the constitution, a "bill for
raising revenue;" and that it cannot, therefore, properly
originate in this branch of the legislature Butas, b> gen-
eral acquiescence and consent, it has been entertained as a
theme for discussing a great question of national policy,
deeply affecting the interests and feelings of every portion
of tne Union, he desired, befoie the vote of the Senate was
taken upon it, to state, as briefly as he could, the views he
entertained on some of the questions which have been drawn
into discussion.
In doing so, (said Mr. R.,) I shall pass by all topics of a
secondary character, and address myself at once to those
leading and general principles which must control, with de-
cisive force, the policy of the government in regard to the
great interests ox national industry, as they are affected by
systems of public revenue. A primary and essential ele 
ment in the soiutioirof this vexed question of national poli-
cy is involved in the preliminary inquiry, what is the best
mode, upon principles purely financial, of raising the neces-
sary revenue for the support of government? I had sup-
posed that tiiis was a question hardly open to any serious
difference of opinion. The suggestions we have-seen from
time to time, in the discussions of the press and elsewhere,
in favor of a recurrence to a system of directtaxation, I had
regarded as the harmless vagaries of individual speculative
opinion. But when we hear gentlemen of the authority
and experience in questions of finance of the senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbury,] and of the enlightened
views of the senator from South Carolina, [Mr. McDuffie,]
gravely declaring their opinions as practical legislators and
statesmen, in favor of substituting, to a certain extent, and
under certain qualifications, a resort to dircct taxes and ex-
cises for the present easy and almost imperceptible mode of
supplying the public treasury the subject challenges inves-
tigation and inquiry at the .threshold. The senator from
New Hampshiie says, if the requisite amount of revenue is
not yielded by imposts "within a given limit, to wit, 20 or 25
per cent., which he denominates (rather arbitrarily, I must
be permitted to say) the revenue standard, then we should
have recourse, as was done in 1794 and 1798, to direct taxes
and excises for the residue of what is wanted for the support
of the government, rather than to exceed that limit. And
the senator from South Carolina, complaining that the
weight of taxation is borne in too great a proportion by for-
eign imports, contends that it would be more equitable and
j ust to divide the burden between foreign and domestic man-
ufactures, subjecting the latter to an excise duty equivalent
to the impost duty levied upon the former,
[Here the two Senators explained ]
Mr. Rives resumed. If the gentlemen will refer to their
printed speeches they will find that I have in no degree
overstated their respective propositions, by which I must
confess I was not a little startied when they were first an-
nounced on the floor. I had supposed that if anything had
been conclusively settled by the most approved wrters on
finance and political economy, as well as by the experience
of all modern governments, especially our own, it was this—
that the least onerous and the least objectionable of all the
modes of providing for the support of government and the
exigencies of the public service is by taxes on consumption;
and that of taxes on consumption, those most consistent
with the genius and policy of free States are taxes on for-
eign imports. The considerations which recommend them
are almost too obvious to justify a repetition of them to the
Senate. In the first place, they are voluntary. No man
pays them who is not both willing and able to pay them, or,
in other words, who does not choose to purchase the arti-
cles-on which they are levied. In this respect they are
favorably distinguished from direct taxes, or taxes on
possessions, (as the latter are sometimes denominated,)
from which there is no escape, ''being destiny unshunable
as death."
These taxes on the consumption of foreign gooifs are,
moreover, for the most part, the most equal kind of impo-
sitions, being generally paid according to the wealth and
ability of the contributors. The consumption, or, speak-
ing in a more general and proper sense, the expense of in-
dividuals is, ordinarily, in proportion to their means of con-
sumption or ability to purchase; and the amount of the tax
paid by each individual in this mode being exactly regulat-
ed byfhis consumption or expense, the tax apportions itself
very fairly in the main to the wealth and ability of the tax
payers. If any person finds himself burdened with a larger
portion of the public contributions through this channel
than he can well afford to pay, he has only to retrench his
expenses, and he diminishes at the same moment, and by
the same act, the amount of tax he pays. A motive is thus
furnished to economy, the habit of which is so essential to
the accumulation of capital and the stead}'4 progress of na-
tional wealth. These taxes are a^othe least burdensome,
because, instead of being paid in advance, and all at once,
as other taxes are, they are paid by piecemeal only, as the
articles tn which they are levied are required for actual
use and consumption; and, being then merged in and con-
founded with the price of the article, they are hardly felt as
a public burden at all.
There are political considerations of no less importonoe
which recommend them. The machinery and process of
their collection are infinitely more simple and attended
with far less of vexation and expense, than those which be-
long to other systems of revenue. There is no harassing
domiciliary visitation, no annoying inquisitorial examina-
tions into every man's private affairs, to reach the objects of
them. At a few points upon the seaboard, though the
agency of a small number of custom-houses, you collect a
revenue of twenty, or twenty-five, or thirty millions of dol-
lars with the utmost case and convenience, instead of over-
spreading the land with a cloud of tax-gatherers, like the
locusts of Egypt, eating out the substance of the people—
the usual and unavoidable attendant of every sjstem of in-
ternal taxation. The exeessive multiplication of officei s,
and the consequent extension of executive patronage, the
bane of public liberty and the canker of die treasury, are
thus avoided; and in the same proportion the expenses of
collection are diminished. The lir<t report of Mr. Gallatin
as Seuretni) of the Tieasurv, midc in 1801, shows that the
expense of* collecting the various internal taxes which
existed under the preceding administration was equivalent
to 2!) percent; while 'hat of collecting the customs was
but 4 per cent. There is a further consideration of great
importance, under our particular political system, in favor
of supplying th'.' federal treasury by external duties, ft is
the general government only which is en lowed with the
power of raising revenue from the forticrn commerce of the
country. The States are thrown exclusively on the re-
source? of internal taxation for their support. We should
never, therefore, create a surcharge ontho.e resources, by
encroaching on the domain of State taxatjpn but in cases Osf
inevitable necessity.
The honorable senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Wo on*
bury] w£a unfortunate, I thought, Mr. President, in refer-
ring us to the financial examples of 1794 and 17% for imita-
tion. Those, 1 had supposed, were examples for avoidance,
not for imitation. Are the monitory lessons of the past lost
so soon in oblivion? Has the honorable senator forgot U e
whiskey insurrection—a popular rebellion produced by the'
odium of an excise tax—a-sentiment so deep and strong that
not even the reverence for the. character and person ofGen.
Washington, then at the head of the government, could
prevent it from breaking out into open resistance to the au-
thority and execution of the law ? *Has the honorable sena-
tor forgotten the odium produced by the direct tax of Mr.
Adams in 1798, which, for the paltry sum. of two millions of
dollars, covered-the land with a host of revenlie officers, as
sessors, inspectors, supervisors, commissioners, and collect-
ors? Has he forgotten the moral resistance awakened in
the minds of the people by the carriage tax. the stamp tax,
and the other fiscal expedients of that discredited era of in-
ternal taxation—measures which, we have the authority of
the most enlightened contemporary observers for saying,,
contributed even more than the alien and sedition lavs to
overwhelm that ill-fated administration with popular dis-
grace?
I had supposed there were examples in bur political and
financial history which the honorable senator from New-
Hampshire, distinguished disciple as he is of the democratic
school, would have preferred looking back to for instruc-
tion. I had supposed he would have preferred deriving his.
lessons from the great "civil revolution of 1801," as it ha*
been called, when the first and leading act of Mr. Jefferson
was to recommend an immediate repeal of all the internal
taxes of the preceding administration. The repeal was ac-
cordingly made by one of the earliest acts of the new Con-
gress; and, in his second inaugural address, Mr. Jefferson,
in reviewing the results of the first term of his administra-
tion, dwells on nothing with so much congratulation to the
country, as well as pride and complacency in regard to the
merits of his own conduct, as the change he had assisted to
introduce into the financial policy of the government, by a to-
tal discontinuance of the system of internal taxes. What
he says on the subject is so full of just and instructive ob-.
servation, that I may be excused for reading it to the Sen-
ate, which I am the more tempted to do, as the remarks of
the senator fiom New Hampshire show that it may be nei-
ther a useless nor unseasonable reminiscence:
"At home, fellow-citixens," says Jlr. Jefferson, "you best
know whether we have done well or ill. The suppression,
of unnecessary offices, of useless establishments and expen-
ses, enabled us to discontinue onr internal taxes. These,
covering our lands with officers, and opening onr doors to
their intrusions, had already begun that process of domi-
ciliary vexation which, once entered, is scarcely to be re-
strained from reaching successively every article of prop-
erty and produce. If among these taxes some minor ones
fell, which had not been inconvenient, it was because their
amount would not have paid the officer who collected
them, and because, if they had any merit, the State authori-
ties might adopt them instead of others less approved. The
remaining revenue on the consumption of foreign articles is
paid chiefly by those who can afford to acid foreign luxu-
ries to domestic comfort. Being collected on our seaboard
and frontier only, and incorporated withthe transactions of
our mercantile citizens, it may be tl^pple'asure and the
pride of an American to ask what farmer, what mechanic,
what laborer, ever sees a taxgatherer of the United States?'*
The honorable senator from New Hampshire fell into a
chronological mistake in referring to the year 1812 for
another example of direct taxes and excise, which deserves
the more to be noticed because the continued adherence to
the system of external duties, under the very exigent and
embarrassing circumstances of that period, furnishes th^=
strongest possible testimony of the opinion held by the able
and enlightened men then employed in the administration of
the government, cf the prelerence due to imposts over ev-
ery other mode of supplying the public necessities. The
war with England was declared in June, 1812, and although
it brought with it necessarily a demand for a large increase
of revenue, while its effect-would in all probability be to
curtail very much the foreign commerce, which, for the
last ten years, had been the only source of supply to the> 
treasury of any moment, still the government did not, at
that time, as the senator from. New Hampshire supposes, re-
sort to direct taxes and excises. On the contrary, Mr.
Gallatin, who was then at the head of the Treasury Depart-
ment, recommended an increase of 100 per cent, in the pre-
existing rates of duties on foreign imports, rather than have,
recourse to dircct taxes or excises; and this recommenda-
tion was carried into effect by an act of Congress, passed ia
Julv, 1812, raising the imposts 100 per cent. No excise or
direct tax was imposed till late in the summer of 1813, more
than twelve months after the declaration of war, and when
the continuance of the war had cut off so much of the for-
eign commerce of the country that it became literally im-
possible to derive the requisite revenue from that source.
Mr. Gallatin, from the \ ery commencement, inl80G-'7, of
those foreign difficulties which terminated in the war of
1812, and in contemplation of actual war even, steadily in-
culcated, through a series of able reports, the policy of in-
creasing—of doubling, if necessary-the duties on importa-
tion—a source of revenue which, to use his own language,
"experience had shown to be the most productive, the easl-
est to collect, and the least burdensome to the great mass of
the people,rather than resort to any other mode of taxa-
tion. This was the system adopted and pursued till the al-
most total failure of the customs, from the eliec-ts of the war
on the foreign commercc of the country, rendered a resort
to internal taxes absolutely indispensable At the earliest
moment after the close of the war which the exigencies of
the treasury (greatly augmented by the\ast accumulation
of debt during the war) would admit, all these taxes were
repealed; and the first and most urgent recommendation of
Mr. Dallas, in the annual report of l$lf . was the immediate
repeal especially , of that description of t;.x on the deinestic
manufacture® of the country which the honorable senator
from South Carolina [Mr McDuffie] seems to favor, but
which Mr. Dallas regarded as particularly mischievous, in
its tendency to obstruct and retard the progrcrs of national
* Air. Gallatin's Annual Report on the Finances, w N<>-
vember, 1807.
