May, 1844.
appendix to the congressional glob©.
729
28th Gong 1st Sess
The Tariff—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
cotton- a bounty on the domestic cotton, thus recognising,
by the nature of the substitute, the protective character of
tbe duty he proposed to repeal! notwithstanding the ur-
gent recommendation of General Hamilton, the duty was
mot repealed, nor has it been repealed or reduced down to
the present day. Can it be supposed, if there was no other
interest involved but that of the trifling revenue it yielded,
it could have withstood such a recommendation, coming
from so high and so influential an official source? >
But, sir/to return from what seemed to me a curious epi-
sode at least in the history of this question, and into which
1 have been drawn at greater length than I intended, noth-
ing is more incontrovertible than the numerous and promi-
nent protective features in the act of 1789. Let any gentle-
man look into the instructive debates which took place on
that occasion, and he will see at once how largely the con-
sideration of protection entered into the very foundation of
that act. A series of duties On various productions of agri-
culture or manufactures—distilled spirits, beer, ale, porter,
cheese, soap, candles, boots^ shoes, and other manufactures
of leather, steel,, nails, spikes, hemp, cordage, manufactured
tobacco andsnuft", coal, glass, paper, &e.—was proposed and
carried, expressly and avowedly with a view to the protec-
tion and encouragement of the domestic industry of the
country. Revenue and protection w exit hand in hand
through the provisions of the act, as substantive but asso-
ciated objects, in the minds of the enlightened legislature
of that day. The foundations of «ur national policy were
laid on the union of these two elements by the wise men
who had had the chief agency in the formation of the eon-
stition, and who were lirst called to the practical adminis-
tration of its powers.
All this took place during the first session of the firs^ Con-
gress which assembled under the constitution. The princi-
ple then settled met with a yet more emphatic confirmation
by the unanimous voice of the representatives of the people
at the succeeding session of the same Congress; which, as it
has not hitherto been noticed, so far as I know, I may be ex-
cused, tor bringing to the recollection of the Senate. The
first speech (as it was called) of General Washington to
Congress was made in January, 1790, at the second session
of that body. In the course of the speech he congratulated
Congress that "the measures of the lasjt session had proved
satisfactory to their constituents,-" recommended to them
"the advancement of agriculture, commerce, and manufac-
tures by all proper means," and declared with emphatic
earnestness that "the safety and inteiest of a free people re-
quire that they should promote such manufactures as tend
to render them independent of other nations for essential,
particularly, military supplies."
To this speech the House of Representatives returned an
address, (as the usage then was,) m which they «ay: "We
concur with.you in the sentiment that agriculture, com-
merce, and manufactures are entitled to legislative protec-
tion and though the draft of the address, as reported,
underwent several amendments in the Rouse, none was pro-
posed to this important passage; and the address containing
It was, as the journal states, unanimously-agreed to by the
Hous«. The principle of protection, cairied into practical
details in the act of 1789, at the first session of the first Con-
gress which met under the constitution, was thus solemnly
and unanimously ratified by the same enlightened body at
its second session, with the concurrence of the Father of his
Country, w*ho had himself presided over the deliberations of
the convention which framed the constitution.
I was very much surprised, Mr. President, to hear the
senator from Alabama, who addressed the Senate a few days
ago, [Mr. Bagby,] say that .none of the earlier President's
had given their sanction to the principle of protection. We
have just seen what Washington did Mr. Jefferson, in the
high public stations which he filled at different times, has
perhaps done as much as any other American statesman to
recommend and enforce this principle In his report as
Secretary of State in February, 1791, on the fisheries, he
urged, with an ability and comprehensive and national spirit
which did him the highest honor, the propriety and expedi-
ency of increasing the duties on foreign fish, for the protec-
tion and encouragement of our hardy and enterprising east-
ern fishermen. He anticipated many of the arguments
which have since become the leading topics in favor of pio-
tection: and among them, the policy ot "compensating; as
far as practicable, the loss of markets abroad by the crcation
of markets at home." This report, it must be borne in mind,
preceded the celebrated report of Geneial Hamilton on man-
ufactures near a twelvemonth; and I will here remark that
it was not the principle of protection, but some of the means
by which that distinguished statesman proposed to carry it
into effect, to wit: bounties, premiums, and the discretion-
ary disposaLof large funds by aboard of public officer*, to-
gether with some very broad principles of constitutional
construction, which rendered the able and masterly report
of General Hamilton obnoxious at the time to the republican
sentiment of the "country. In place of these direct stimu-
lants, Mr. Jefferson proposed the indirect, but probably not
less efficient encouragement of duties on rival foreign pro-
ductions. This policy he brought forward still more sys-
tematically and elaborately than he had done in his repoit
on the fisheries, in a report made by him as Secretary of
State in December, 1793, on the state of our foreign com-
merce in which he recommended that when a nation im-
poses high duties on our productions, orprohibits them alto-
gether we should do the same by theirs-, and, unlike the
modern school of a cosmopolite political economj', which
insists that all discriminations in the imposition of duties
should be made against the productions of our own industry,
he recommended such a gradation of duties "as should first
burden or exclude those productions which tbev (foreign
nations) bring here in competition with our own ot the same
klfMr. Bagby here said that he had referred to the messages
to Congress of our early Presidents, and particularly to those
of Mr. Jefferson, in which he recommended such aid to be
given to agriculture, manufactures, &.c., as was "within the
limits of the constitutional powers" of Congress; so that
' nothing is gained, unless it be shown that he entertained the
opinion that Congress has the constitutional power to lay-
duties for protection.)
Mr iliYFS resumed: The honorable senator read Irom the
first message of Mr. Jefferson to Congress, in which the
qu&Iiffc&tion cited by him is contained, and by which Mr.
Jefferson probably meant to exclude such modes of.encour-
agement as had been suggested by General Hamilton, and
which he considered unconstitutional. But that he deemed
duties for protection clearly constitutional is proved by his
having strongly recommended them in both of the above
mentioned reports, made to hin? as Secretary of State, and
still more explicitly by the language and recommendations
of his subsequent messages. In his very next message to -
Congress (in 1802) he recommended the "protection oi-the
manufactures adapted to our circumstances" as one of the
great landmarks of a sound national policy.
In JS06, when the flourishing state of our foreign com-
merce had caused the-impo&t duties to yield a large surplus
beyond the existing demands of the government, he prefer-
red all the dangers and embarrassments of that surplus,
rather than by reducing the duties to "give that advantage,"
to use his own language, "to foreign over domestic man-
ufactures;'' and m 1808, when the aggressions upon our neu-
tral commerce by the belligerent powers of Europe had in a
great degree driven it from the ocean, and' caused a large
portion of the capital and industrj of our citizens to be ap-
plied to manufactures, he expressly recommended "protect-
ing duties," and even "prohibitions, as among the proper
means of giving security and permanency to this new direc-
tion of the national industry. This was the language of his
last message as President to Congress,, and crowns with a
most emphatic testimony, and by recommendations of un-
usual energy, his long and steady advocacy of the interests
of domestic industry.
The opinions and public acts of Mr. Madison, through his
long and eminent career of public service, were not less
strongly marked by a zealous and unwavering support of the
same national doctrines. In 1789lie heartily concurred, as
we have seen, in the wise and beneficent system of policy
established by the first Congress under the consitution, of
which it is no disparagement of the just claims of his many-
able and patriotic associates to say that he was the guiding
and ruling spirit. In 1794 he was the mover and powerful
champion of the celebrated commercial propositions intend-
ed to carry into eficct the principles and recommendations of
Mr. Jefferson's report of December 1793 In every one of
his message* to Congress during the eight years of l is pres-
idency, with the exception only ol the three years ot the
war with England, when the question was of course tempo-
rarily suspended, he urgently recommended the manufac-
turing industry of the country to the "protecting and fos-
tering" care of the legislature In one of his messages be-
fore the war he said, almost in the words-of Washington,
"the national interest requires that, w ith respect to such
articles at least as belong to our defence and our primary
wants, we should not be left in unnecessary dependence
upon foreign supplies." In his very first message alter the
close ot the war, recurring to the importance m a national
view of sustaining the manufactures which had sprung into
existence and attained an unparalleled maturity throughout
the -United States during the period of the European wars,
he says, in language of emphatic earnestness. "This source
of national independence and wealth I anxiously ieeommend
to the prompt and constant guardianship of Congress." And
in his succeeding message of December, 1815, in bringing
the subject again to the consideration ot Congress, he en-
forced it with so lucid a statement of the just principles of
a sound and practical commercial legislation, and by so
calm and persuasive on exhibition of great national inter-
ests, that the pregnant paragraph he devotes to it will, in
all future time, helookcd bock to as comprehending, in the
fewest words, the most satisfactory exposition and defence
of the true system of American policy.4
The senator from New Hampshire, who .spoJce yesterday,
[Mr. Athfrton,] read an isolated extract from a speech of
Mr. Madison in 1789 to show that he advocated the modern
doctrine of unlimited free trade. But the honorable senator
should have read other portions of the same speech, and then
he would ha\ e been better qualified to judge of the creed of
Mr. Madison from a view of the whole context. He would
have seen that while Mr. Madison admitted that capital and
labor are. m general, most usefully employed when left to
the guidance of private interest, without legislative interfer-
ence, (as, indeed who does not admit the general principle?)
yet that, in the policy of nations, there are many just and
necessary practical exceptions, which he proceeds dis-
tinctly to set forth and enforce in the subsequent and most
important part oi his speech. Among these exceptions he
+The portion of the message of 1S15. referred to above, is
in the following words which, whether as a text of instruc-
tion or a well-defined outline of a sj stem of public policy,
cannot be too often or too carefullj studied.
"In adjusting the duties on imports to the objects of rev-
enue, the influence of the tariff on manufactures will neces-
sarily present itself tor consideration. However wise the
theory may be which leaves to the sagacity and inte-
rest of individuals the application of their industry and re-
sources, there are m this, as in other cases, exceptions to
the general rule. Besides the condition which the theory
itself implies of a reciprocal adoption by other nations, ex-
porience teaches that so many circumstances must concur
in introducing and maturing manufacturing establishments,
especially of the more complicated kinds, that a country may
remain long without them, although sufficiently advanced,
and in some respects even peculiarly fitted lor carrying them
on with success. Under circumstances giving a poweiful
impulse to manufacturing industry, it has made among us
a progiess and exhibited an efficiency which justiiy the \ e-
lief that with a protection not more than is due to the enter-
prising citizens whose interests are now at stake, it will
become, at an early day, not only safe against occasional
competitions from abroad, but a source of domestic w eaith,
and even of external commerce. In selecting the branches
more especially entitled to the public^ patronage, prefer-
ence is obviousl) claimed by such as will relieve the L ni-
ted States from a dependence on foreign supplies, ever sub-
ject to casual failures, for articles necessaiy for the public
defence, or connected with the primary v. ants of individu-
als. It will be an additional recommendation of particular
manufactures, where the materials for them ate extensively
drawn from agriculture, and consequently impart and insure
to that great fund of national prosperity and independence
an encouragement which cannot fail to be rewarded
particularly insists upon 'the duty of the government to
sustain existing establishments, which ought • not to be
allowed to perish for the want -of timely protection, and
which it would be cruel to abandon, and leave the industry
employed m them to seek new channels; for, he adds, "it is
not possible lor the hand of man to shift from one employ-
ment to another without being injured by the change."
Again, he says, in the same, speech, that while .there are
some manufactures which can advance towards perfection
without any adventitious" aid, there are others which de-
mand the "fostering hand" of the government, and that'the
prudent and wise selection of proper objects Of this fostering
aid is the legitimate province of a sound legislative discre-
tion. Let the whole doctrine of this speech of Mr. Madison
be compared with the recommendations of his messages as
President, and particularly with the broad and comprehen-
sive survey of the subject contained in his leading message
of 1815, and it will be seen what a beautiful and enlightened
consistency linked together the -acts and opinions of this
great American statesman, at these two widely separated
periods of his long and illustrious career.
The principles of a sound discriminative commercial policy,
which 1 have thus shown to have been coeval with the con-
stitution itself, and to have.been cherished and maintained by
all our great republican statesmen of an era the most fruitful
inlessons of political wisdom, are at the same time sanctioned
by the authority of the most celebrated writers on the
science, of political economy—even of those whose name"
are oft^n invoked in support of the doctrines of unlimited
free trade. Adam Smith is the oracle most frequently ap-
pealed to by the disciples of the modern school ot free trade.
And yet Adam Smith was far from espousing the doctrines
of free trade in the unqualified sense m which they are now
put forward by its ad1* occites. He says expressly that it
would be as absurd to expect to see a system of unlimited
free trade adopted in Great Britain as to expect that an
Oceana or Utopia should ever be established m it.
In his great work on the Wealth of Nations, he has him-
self laid down limitations of the highest importance, and of
great practical extent, upon the general freedom of trade.
In the first place, he maintains distinctly that where cer-
tain branches of industry or manufactures are essential to
the defence and security of the country, it is proper and
wise in all such cases to lay burdens upon foreign for the
encouragement of domestic industry; and upon that princi-
ple he vindicates and upholds the policy of the navigation
act of Great Britain, which he pronounces* to be "the wisest,
perhaps, of all her commercial regulations," while he shows
it at the same time to be directly at war with the fundament
al canons of the free-trade school. Again, he says that
where foreign ration? restrain by high duties or prohibi-
tions the importation of our productions into their coun-
tries, it is a sound as well as a just policy to impose like
duties and restraints upon the introduction of the produce
of their industry into ours, if there be reasonable ground to
believe that the effect of such imposition may be to lead
ultimately to a relaxation of the foreign restrictions or pro-
hibitions of which we complain. Mr. Jefferson seems to
have had this principle of Smith in his mind when, m his
celebrated commercial report of 1793, he says: "Free com-
merce and navigation are not to be given in exchange for
restrictions and vexations; nor are they likely to produce a
relaxation of them" -m. . '
A third and most important limitatioirlaid down by Adam
Smith upon the general freedom of trade, is founded on the
paternal regard winch every just and wise government is
Sound to show to existing interests. He lays it down, there-
foie, distinctly, that where large amounts of capital or a con-
siderable portion of the population of the country have been
employed in particular branches of industry, under the en-
couragement of former legislation, humanity, as well as
justice, enjoins great "reserve and circumspection" in any
modification of the laws under whose protection these inte-
rests have grownup. How wide-reaching as well as im-
portant this great principle of conserv ati\ e legislation is in
its application to the question? now before u<i, I shall have
occasion to show in the further progress of my rcmaiks.
Another very important, and. in its practical conse-
quences, most fruitful exception to the general principle of
free trade, though not formally stated by Adam Smith
among the several limitations upon that doctrine which he
enumerates, results directly from explicit admissions and
statements made by him. The argument he urges jn favor
of the general policy of a liberal and unrestrained commer-
cial intercourse with foreign countries, is founded upon the
hypothesis that the articles we get from them will come
cheaper to us than we can make them ourselves. In such
cases, he contends that the general effect of commercial re-
strictions, with a view to promote domestic production, is
to divert industry from a more to a less advantageous em-
ployment, and to'diminish the exchangeable value of the
annual produce of the country. But he adds this important
qualification and admission:
"By means of such regulations, indeed, a particular man-
ufacture mav sometimes be acquired sooner than it could
have been otherwise, and %£ter a certain time may be made
at home as cheap or cheaper than in the foreign country."—
Wealth oj Na1ion*., B. IV , chap 2-
Here, then, is an explicit declaration by the great oracle
of the iree trade scool. contrary to what is so constantly as-
seitedb"* them, (as to the necessity and invariable eficct of
protective duties to raise the price of the protected article.)
that particular branches of industry may rometimes be in-
troduced with advantage into a country by means of protect-
ive duties,'?oonerthan they otherwise would be, and that,
after a time, theirproduce may be afforded cheaper at home
than in the foreign country. Wherever such is the case,
the very foundation on which the argument against protec-
tion is built tails. This pregnant admission of the author of
the Wealth of Nations then constitutes another and most
important head of exception to the generality of the free-
trade principle. That there are cares in which a great re-
duction of price eventually takes place after the firm estab-
lishment of a manufacture, which, but for some legislative
encouragement, might have remained for a long tune, if not
altogether, unattempted. the experience of every country
seems to prove. A country may. in the possession of the
raw material q,v other superior natural advantages, have a
peculiar aptitude for a particular manufacture, and yet, from
the backwardness of capital to embark on new and untried
