APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
May, 1844.
The Tariff—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
the section w_hjch required the vote of two-thirds of both
Houses of Congress to pays a navigatron law was taken up,
Mr. Charles Pinckney, one of the delegates of South Caroli-
na, moyed to postpone it in favor of the following proposi-
tion submitted by him: "That no act of the legislature for
the purpose of regulating the commerce of the "United
§tates with foreign powers or among the several States
sft&jl be passed without the assent of two-thirds of the
members of each House." All the other delegette&of South
Carolina, Gen. Charles Cotesworth Pinckney,- Mr. John
Rutledge, and Mr. Pierce "Butler, earnestly opposed this
motion, declaring, at the same time, that "it was the true
interest of the southern States to have no regulation of com-
merce by Congress," and placing their vote expressly on
the ground of concession to the eastern States, "in consid-
eration of their liberal conduct towards the views of South
Carolina" in regard to the-importation of slaves. The mo-
tion to postpone the report of the committee in favor of Mr.
Charles Pinckney's proposition, or, m other words, the prin-
ciple for which the southern States had hitherto contended
of subjecting the exercise of the power to regulate com-
merce by Congress to the restriction of a two-thirds vote,
was then rejected, South Carolina voting with Massachu-
setts, New Hampshire, Connecticut, and the three middle
States, against it, and Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina,
and Georgia voting for it. After this decision upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Pinckney, which was regarded as the test ques-
tion, the report of the committee recommending the striking
out the section in relation to the p^sage of navigation laws
by a two-thirds vote was agreed to without division; and
the' bargain, as it was called by Mr. Gouverneur Morris, be-
tween the extreme northern and extreme southern States,
was finally concluded on both sides, under the lead of South
Carolina on the one hand, and Massachusetts on the other.
. Such is the rise, progress, and termination of the most re
markable transactions'in the history of the formation of the
constitution. Massachusetts, with her New England sis-
ters, deliberately yielded to South Carolina and Georgia the
privilege of importing slaves for twenty years; and South
Carolina, in consideration of the boon, yielded to Massachu-
setts and New England, against the consent of all the other
southern States, the unfettered power of regulating com-
merce by a .mere majority yote in Congress—a power to
which all the protective tariffs, which are now so bitterly
complained of and denounced by my honorable frier*l from
South Carolina [Mr. McDuefik] as "legislative plunder,"
owe their constitutional origin. The bargain, founded upon
mutual equivalents thus given and received, was, as we
have seen, solemnly made and ratified; and the high con-
tracting parties are now called on by every obligation ol
good faith and loyalty to abide byandfulhl it—Massachu-
setts, on her part, to refrain from any interference with an
institution of the southern States which she threw the doors
of the constitution wide open for the admission and exten-
sion of; and South Carolina, on hers, to acquiesce in the ex-
ercise by a majority of Congress of a power which she gave
up without restriction, against the \\ ill and opinions of all
thfe other States of the South.
The good understanding thus brought about in the con-
vention between South Carolina and Massachusetts, not
only controlled the arrangement of the particular question
I have referred to, but, unless a very interesting paper,
which has been long known to me, is mistaken in its infor-
mation, produced a general unison of views between them,
which led to other very important alterations m the con-
stitution as it then stood. The paper to which I allude is a
memorandum by Mr. Jefferson of a conversation between
himself and Mr. George Mason, one of the delegates of Vir-
ginia in the federal convention, made at the time of the con-
versation, which took place only two or three years after
the adoption of the constitution. As the name and charac-
ter of George "Mason may not be familiar to some of the
members of the Senate, I beg leave to tell them who and
what he was. He was one of the most remarkable men of
an age which abounded m great men and superior spirits.
Mr. Jefferson, has said of him—-"he was a man of the first
order of wisdom among those who acted on the theatre of
the revolution." He was firmly republican.in his feelings
and principles, and particularly jealous of executive power.
He was warmly attached to the rights and sovereignty of
the States, and constantly sensitive in regard to the inter-
ests of what he called the "staple States" These opinions
carried his mind strongly in favor of every practicable lim-
itation on the power and influence of the executive depart-
ment, and in favor also of some constitutional security
against the abuse ofthe powers of Congress, in oases where
the interests of the "staple States" were supposed to be par-
ticularly concerned. The original draft of the constitu-
-tton, as it was prepared by the committee of detail, having
undergone some important alterations in these respects in
its progress through the federal convention, he finally re-
fused his signature to the constitution, as a member of that
body, and subsequently exerted all his influence in the
convention of Virginia to prevent its ratification there.
In the conversation with Mr. Jefferson, recorded in the
memorandum to which I have referred, George Mason stat-
ed that "the constitution, as agreed to till a fortnight before
the convention rose, was such a one as he would have set
his hand and heart to." It contained the principle of ineligi-
bility ofthe President after the first term, disqualification of
senators and representatives to be appointed to office during
the term for which they were elected, and the requisition of
a two-thirds vote m the'passage of navigation law? In this
stage it was proposed to gi\ e to Congress the power to pro-
hibit or restrain the importation of slaves. The memoran-
dum, speaking in the person of George Ma--on, then pro-
ceeds: "This disturbed the two southernmost States, who
knew that Congress would immediately suppress the im-
portation of slaves. Those two States, therefore, struck up
a bargain with the three New England States, if they would
join to admit slaves for some years, the two southernmost
States would join in changing the cliuse which required
two-thirds of the legislature in any \ole. It was done.
These articles were changed accordingly," and "under the
coalition" thus brought about, the memorandum, till speak-
ing in the person of George Mason, continues, "the great
principles of the constitution were changcd in the last days
oi the constitution "
The account here given ofthe bargoiu or arrangement be-
tween the three New England Stateb and the two southern-
most States, in regard to. the importation of slaves and the
power of regulating commerce, is fully sustained by the
narrative I have already presented, from Mr. Madison's De-
bates ofthe Convention, of the particulars of that transac-
tion. How far the same understanding, or "coalition," as it
is styled in the memorandum to which I have referred, may
have had its influence on other-pai ts of the constitution, I
am not prepared to sayi Certain it is, that the principles
particularly referred to by'Mr. Mason, and to which he at-
tached so high an importance, were all changed and exclu-
ded from the constitution "within the last two or three weeks
Of the sitting of the convention; the ineligibility of the Presi-
dent after a first term, and the disqualification of members of
Congress to be appointed to office during the periods for
which they were elected, as well as the constitutional re-
striction upon the exercise of the power of Congress to reg-
ulate commerce.
In recalling these important and instructive proceedings
connected with our early constitutional history, 1 have had
no purpose to cast reproach anywhere. My wish has been,
rather, by holding up to the two distinguished States which
have been so unhappily arrayed against each other in the
course of this long debate, the example' ofthe good under-
standing and "mutual deference and concession" which pre-
vailed between them m laying the foundations ofthe consti-
tution—to brine? back, with the recollections of the past,
some portion ot the fraternal spirit of their fathers, Virginia
was strongly opposed, as we have seen from her votes in the
convention, to both branches of the compromise which then
took place—to extending the period for the importation of
slaves, as well as to the removal of the restriction upon the
exercise of the power to regulate commerce. Upon this last
point she had the steady support of your own State, Mr.
President, (.Vfr. Makgum, of North Carolina, was in the
chair.) North Carolina and Virginia both attached so much
importance to this principle, that when they accepted the
constitution, they each did so with an express recommenda-
tion of an amendment, declaring that "no lawvregulating
commerce shall be passed without the consent of two-thirds
of the members present in both Houses." But their views
were not adopted; and they now, m a spirit of loyal submis-
sion to the constitutional compact as it was established,
cheerfully acquiesce in the exerpise ofthe powers actually
given to Congress. No less can be expected, certainly, in
all their federal relations and duties, of States whose po-
tential voices, as we have seen, made the constitution what
it is.
My own judgment, I will say fiankly, Mr. President, has
always been satisfied by the reasons winch were given in
the convention for not imposing the inconvenient and em-
bairassmg restriction of a two-thirds vole on the exercise of
the power to regulate commerce by Congress. Mr Charles
Pinckney. who submitted the proposition, enumerated some
four or five distinct geograpnical interests in the United
States, and argued that these diffeient interests would be a
source of oppressive regulations, if no check to a bare ma-
jority should be provided; but the instinctive sagacity and
vigorous common sense of Koger Sherman answered, with
conclusive force, that this very diversity of interests was of
itself the best security against abuse, by rendering injurious
combinations impracticable, where so many divergent inter-
ests were to be united m a scheme of injustice. Mr. Madi-
son, giving a practical development to the same idea, refer-
red to the difference of interests among the northern and
middle States themselves, to the interior agricultural inter-
ests even in those which were most commcrcial, and finally
to the accession of new States m the West, which would be
mainly agricultural, as furnishing (in connection with the
checks and controls existing in the structure and organiza-
tion of the government itself) every reasonable security
against the abuse of the power by a majority of the two
Houses of Congress.
The practical security resulting from these diversified in-
terests, is one of the most important features in our extended
federal system. If there were but two great opposing inte-
rests, danger might be apprehended from their collision.
But this is not the cose. There is, even in the northern
States, the navigating interest, and the interest of the fish-
eries, as well as the great agu'cultural interest diffused
every where, to balance the interest of the manufacturing
class. And between the old geographical divisions of the
North and the South, tfcere is now the great mediating pow-
er of the West, to wlucli Mr. Madison so fondly looked, to
piescrve the peace and maintain the equilibrium of our sys-
tem. 1 haie been always struck, Mr. President, with a sa-
gacious remark ofVoltaire, during his residence m Knglaml,
on the effects produced by the number and diversity of reli-
gious denominations there. ;'lf one religion only were al-
lowed in England," he says, "the government would possi-
bly become arbitrary; if there we/e but two, the people
would cut each others' throats: but. as there are such a mul-
titude, they all live happy and m peace." Does not the
number of diversified interests spread through our great re-
publican confederacy afford <i similar security for the mu-
tual observance of moderation and justice, ard for the peace
and harmony of our political system'
That diversity of interests, in wich the honorable senator
fioin South Carolina [Mr.MtDi kmf]sccs the certain source
ot'oppression and injustice in the operations of our common
government, the profound philosophy of Kdmund Burke
considered the highest security of general freedom. "'.These
opposed and conflicting interests," hn said, "interpose a sal-
utary check to all precipitate resolutions," making "delib-
eration a matter not of choice but of necessity," and "nil
change a subject of compromise which naturally beget?
moderation." and they "render the headlong exertions oi
arbitrary power, in the few or the many. fore.\er impracti-
cable " To sum up the whole m his riasriiftcciit language,
"it is this combination and opposition of interests, this ac-
tion and counteraction of parts, which in th* natural and
political world, from the reciprocal struggle of discordant
powers, draws forth the hurmom ofthe unneist." Oi,as
the great philosophical poet of England ha.s expressed ;t in
lines which embody the spirit and genius, as they rc-iloc.t
with the tnuh oi Nature, the image of our V'lcncan
t'juon—
" "Tis jarring intercuts ofthetrr ^Ive? create
The according music of a well-mixed state.
Such is the-world's great hormony that springs
From order, union, full consent oi things.'*
J have, then, Mr. President, no fear for the duration or the
practical blessings of our political Union, if it shall be left to
the natural operation of its constituent'elements, however di-
versified or heterogeneous those elements may be. The
father of his country, in a passage of his farewell address,
which has been already referred tov in this debate, and which,
to my mind,,- never fails to bring with it the sacredness and
solemnity of inspiration, has shown how mutually dependent
and indispensably necessary to each other are the various
parts of the confederacy. The very diversities in their geo-
graphical positionand industrious pursuits are but additional
bonds of union, making them mutual customers for the sup-
ply of etuxh other's wants, instead of jealous-and interfering
rivals. "When we look, too, upon the fhaps of the. country,
tied together as are its most distant parts by so many arte-
ries of internal communication, natural and artificial, it is
impossible to resist the conviction that Providence intended
it, in all its extent, to be the habitation of one great and
united people.. It giates, therefore, most painfully upon the
ear to hear suggestions from any quarter, whether hypothet-
ical or minatory, that such a Union, founded in nature, ce-
mcnted by common interests, and consecrated by sympa-
thies and recollections of the lbftiest character, can, m any
event, be abandoned, to give place to some spurious and un-
natural scheme of separate confederacies. One consolation,
however, never fails to result from all these suggestions—
that every scheme brought forward encounters in nature it-
self some invincible obstacle to its practical accomplish-
ment.
Let us take, for example, the hypothetical dismemberment
of the Union into three separate "confederacies, brought for-
ward in, the way of argument or warning by the senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. McDltkif,]' He presented us. I
think, a manufacturing confederacy, to consist of the, east-
ern and middle States, a farming confederacy of the west-
ern and northwestern States; and a planting confederacy of
the southern and southwestern States. > The first observa-
tion which occurs upon this arrangement is, that the honor-
able senator puts the southwestern States, lying upon the
lower parts of the Mississippi, into the same confederacy
with the southern Atlantic States,' and separates them from
the weste'rn>and northwestern States, lying upon the upper
parts of that great river and on the Ohio. But mature evi-
dently puts her veto upon such an arrangement. The west-
ern ana northwestern States can never consent that the
mouth of the Mississippi, the great outlet for their produc-
tions. shallbe under the control of a foreign and independ-
ent community, levying tribute upon their commerce, and
having It in their power greatly to embarrass, if not wholly
to interrupt it.
History, too, adds her testimony that such a state of things
would never be submitted to, for it informs us that, while
the discussions were pending with Spain respecting the nav-
igation of the Mississippi, under General Washington's ad-
ministration, the people of Kentucky, dissatisfied at the de-
lays of the negotiation, openly threatened to withdraw from
the Union, ana to assert by force their right to the free nav-
igation of that river, if it was not speedily obtained by
treaty It must, then, be considered as an established law
of nature, that all the States lying on the waters of .the Mis-
sissippi must and will be parts of one and the same sov-
ereignty; and ft may be added, in the language of the vale-
dictory address of Washington, that tlie only efficient secu-
rity they can have for the permanent enjoyment of its out-
let to the ocean, free from foreign obstruction or control, is
in "the weight, influence, and maritime strength of the At-
lantic side of the Union, directed by an indissoluble com*
munity of interest as one nation." The honorable senator
from South Carolina, then, must strike the southwestern
States from his project of a separate southern confederacy.
Let us now look to the other extremity of this'supposed
. confederacy, on its northern frontier. Where is Virginia to
go? The honorable senator, I presume, proposes to in-
clude her in his planting confederacy. But can Virginia
ever be separated from Mar) land, lying as they do on the
shores of the same Chesapepke^ and using in common'the
waters of that great estuary? Nature forbids that they
should ever be disjoined: and the very necessities of their
position forced them into a partial union, by means of the
compact they entered into for regulating their common ju-
risdiction and' navigation upon the waters of the Chesa-
peake and Potomac, previous to the formation of the general
union of.the States. The partial wnion established by that
compact maybe considered, indeed, aj the germ ofthe fede-
ral union which was soon afterwards formed; and neither
Maryland nor Virginia, I am persuaded, will ever consent to
be separated from that great confederacy of which they
maybe said, in some sort, to have laid the foundation, by
the example and effect of their partial union. Maryland,
as my honorable friend before ne fMr. Pbarce, senator
of Maryland] well knows, was a rib taken out of the side of
Virginia, and "they twain are one flesh." So, 1 tru&t, they
will ever remain. If we trace the natural dependencies
which connect ether States with one another, we shall
find that Pennsylvania is tied to Maryland by the Susque-
hanna, as New Jersey is to Pennsylvania on the ene side by
the Delaware, and to New York on the other by similar and
even more necessary connections. New York and Pennsyl-
vania are inseparably connected by the strongest ties, both
of nature and of interest %uth the western States on the
lakes and the Ohio; and, when we comw to look to Virginia
on that side, she is in one-half of her territory a western
State by ker geographical position; and whether w e regard
physical or moral ties, she never can be separated from her
own offspring, Kentucky, and the noble.Slates of the north-
west, who ire at the same time her tiioudest jewels I
t'l-nk. then, it is demonstrable, Mr. President, that the cen-
tial States of this Union, on both KideS of the Alleghanies*
including the great valley of the Mississippi «re tied to-
g# ,Lf>rby natural bonds which neither the folly nor the
wickedness of man can ever dissolve, and if any separation
vTeeverto take place, it could only occur at the e\trem-
111os, where the centrifugal tendencies uhich may be occa-
sjonallv manifested, will always, in tht end,be controlled
bv the instincts of an American imionahtv, as well as by a
sober calculation of consequences
But let us suppose for a moment that the honorable sen-
ator's speculation of a southern and southwestern ••unfed-
"racj , which, in Ihe zeal of! eloquence and the excite-
ment oi his imagination, he has-painted as an Elysium pn
