May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Pollock.
H. of Reps.
earth/did not encounter invincible obstacles in nature, and
were, in truth, capable of being reduced into practice: what
would be the situation of its different parts in regard to that
free trade which is to pour such uncounted blessings into
its lap? By free trade, the honorable senator doubtless
means-free trade in cotton and the returns for it in British
manufactures^ and even that trade would not be perfectly
free, lor some duties must-be levied to defray the expenses
of this new confederacy. But what sort of free trade would
Virginia and No "th Carolina, as members of the new con-
federacy, enjoy for their tobacco and their flour?. The
former staple is subjected to duties in England-averaging
from one to two thousand per cent., and'the latter is Virtual-
ly excluded by her corn laws. What guaranty'can the hon-
orable senator offer that these oppressive duties and restric-
tions will be abolished? It is also- evident that the senator
from South Carolina has looked only to the trade of the
new confederacy through its Atlantic border. How will it
be along that extended inland frontier'which will separate
the supposed southern and southwestern confederacy from
the bordering confederacies on the north and west'/ There
we nowrhave the most active and unlimited Tree trade under
the sure guaranties of our constitutional union. But when
the supposed separation into distinct and independent con-
federacies shall' take place, this unbounded and most
fruitful free'trade we now enjoy with the other States—ex-
empt from the' slightest restriction or burden of any sort-
must give place to jealous and probably retaliatory and hos-
tile tariffs on both sides. Has the honorable senator tak.en
this into the account of the blessings of cthe new confed-
eracy? . Has he counted the cost of the army of patrols and
custom-house officers along the Extended inland frontier to
which I have referred, (open at every point to illicit trade,)
vrhich'would become absolutely necessary to secure the
execution of the revenue laws on* both sides of the line?
Has he thought of the constant danger of border collisions
which, would - attend this state of things-, and of the conse-
quent wars arid large, and burdensome military establish-
ments which would probably grow out of it, extinguishing,
by the necessary provision for their expense, the last rem-
rant o' free trade?-
But, laying these things, grave and momentous as they
are, out of view for the present, by what :>ort of tenure, I
ask the honorable senator, would the new confederacy en-
joy that free trade in cotton and its returns from the work-
shops of Manchester, Leeds, and Birmingham, winch seems
to have entered mainly into his consideration' Has he not
seen what the British government has recently done to dis-
courage the productions of "slave labor by laying a heavy
discriminating duty on slave-grown sugar? IIow long will
it be before the same policy may lead them to lay heavy dis-
criminating duties on slave-grown cotton; and what would
become, then, of the whole fabric of free trade which- the
senator, has "scf laboriously constructed for the supposed
southern and southwestern planting confederacy7 Is the
absolute and invaluable free trade between the twenty-six
powerful and flourishing communities which compose this
Union, and held by the immutable tenure of the constitution,
to be exchanged for such a delusive tree trade as I have
shown -would be heritage of the new confederacy—a free
trade pretermitting entirely some of the most important sta-
ples oi the country,'"which .would still remain subject to the
burden ofthe heaviest rate of duties abroad,held, in its only
substantial branch, at the.will and caprice of a rival foreign
government, and in all its vast inland operations, oppressed,
if not destroyed, by the jealous and retaliatory regulations
of border confederacies? The vast impo-rtance of the inte-
rior free trade, established and seemed by our present hap-
py Union, cannot be too highly appreciated. The honora-
ble senator from South Carolina will see that his favorite
abthonty (Adam Smith) considers the "freedom of interior
commerce," even within th'e narrow limits of that island, "as
one of the principal causes of the prosperity of Great Brit-
ain."* How infinitely greater must be its fruitful results in
such an empire as this, embracing in its wide extent almost
every variety of soil, climate, and industry known to man'*
It is, in truth, the chief and most operative cause of that
wondferful and-unparalleled development ol wealth and in-
dustry which the progiess of our country-has already ex-
hibited to the admiration of the world.
What a magnificent vision of free trade, Mr..President, is
destined to be realized, evenm the short period of the life of
man, by the vast interior commerce of this country, if we
remain, as we will and "must remain, a united people! It
requires "no arigel to lift the curtain from the rising glories
of our country,''nor does it demand "'all the sanguine cre-
dulity of youth and all the fervid glow of enthusiasm'5 to
make us believe in our destinies. They rest upon the-es-
tablished and well-ascertained laws of our progress, and
are vouched by the sober and unerring rules of political
arithmetic. There are those now living who will see this
noble country of ours peopled by one hundred millions of
happy and industrious-inhabitants speaking the same lan-
guage, professing the same religion, citizens oftwenty-six
and more independent republican communities, which pro-
tect them in their lives, liberties, and property, ^ndyet all
under the guardianship of a common govei-nment, which
secures to them'the privilege of a free and unrestricted cir-
culation and exchange of all the productions of- their indus-
try and skill, without the slightest let or impediment, fiora
one to another ofthe States that compose this great confed-
eracy of republics, embracing within their limits every va-
riety of industrious pursuits and natural advantages that
can form the basis of a rich, flourishing, and inexhaustible
commerce. Such a spectacle was never before exhibited
in the history of man. And yet there are those now living
who will see it, if we are true to ourselves, to the memory
of our fathers, and to the just hopes of our posterity.
♦Wealth of Nations, Book v, chap 2.
SPEECH OF MR. POLLOCK,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Litht House of Representatives, May 1, 1844—In defence of
the tariff* of 1842.
Mr- Chairman: In may, perhaps, be deemed presumption
jn me, so soon after taking my seat here, to address this
Hguse on a- subject that has already been long and ably dis-
cussed. But, sir, it is.a question of-deep and absorbing -in-
terest—one that greatly affects rri) immediate constituents,
the State which 1 have ,the honor in part to represent, and
the whole country. Believing, as I do, that the weal or
wo of" our common country is identified with the system
of protection to American interests, of every class and
character, I cfnnot remain a silent spectator of the attempt
now making to arrest her.onward career, and her increas-
ing-prosperity. Why is it, Mr Chairman, that a change has
been proposed, at this time, m the policy of our govern-
ment; a change that must and will affect, for good or evil,
the interests of all classes of our p^>ple? -.Have the people,
in the exercise of their right to petition, demanded a modi-
fication or alteration of our present tariff laws? Have they
declared the operation of the act of 1842 to be injurious to
their interests; and have they, in consequence, asked for
redress of grievances, by lowering the duties imposed on
foreign commodities? No, sir; among the vast number of
petitions presented to this House, not one asks us to change
or modify existing laws.' On' the contrary, thousands and
tens of thousands ofthe people have asked -have implored
—Congress not to alter or change the act of 184-2; have ask-
ed that they may be free from the uncertainty and em-
barrassment produced by the unceasing and everlasting
change of legislation on this subject. Sir, if this Congress-
refuse to hear their petitions, the "signs of the times"indi-
cate that the day is not far distant when their voice will be
heard and obeyed in this hall.
To prevent all misconception, and to repel the charge
that has so frequently and pertinaciously been made on this
floor against the advocates of the tariff, of their being deep-
lyand personally interested in the pending question, I now
say, that I have no concern in an3r manufacturing, or
scarcely any in the agricultural interest of my State, except
that general interest which every citizen ought to feel in
the prosperity and happiness ofthe people.
I appear here, Mr. Chairman, under circumstances of a
somewhat peculiar character. I was not with you at the
commencement of this session. My predecessor, General
Frick, whose place I now fill, has left this hall, the business
of legislation, and departed the scenes of earth His short
stay among you, and his ill health, may have, prevented the
formation of an extensive acquaintance with his fellow
members; but those who knew him here, both prized his
friendship and admired his virtues. At home, where best
known, he was best beloved. Kind and generous to a fault,
with a heart full of benevolence, he was ever ready to hear
the cry of distress, and his hand ready to relieve. The tears
and sorrow of the thronging multitude that stood around"'
his grave attested his virtues, and paid a silent, yet expres-
sive, tribute to the memory of a kind husband, an indulgent
father, a sincere-friend, and a valued citizen.
I have the honor to represent one of the largest districts
m Pennsylvaniaj a district rich in mineral and agricultural
wealth. The anthracite coal fields of Mahonoy and Shamo-
kin, and the bituminous coal fields of Clinton and Lycoming
counties, are inexhaustible; rich 111 quality, and abundant 111
quantity. Our hills abound in iron ore, lea9 ore, and lime-
stone; the wealth and independence ofthe farmers prove the
productiveness of the soil. The valley ofthe west branch of
the Susquehanna, and the broad valleys ol Union, in ex-
tent, beauty,-and fertility, are unrivalled. 1 represent a pop-
ulation, honest, industrious, and intelligent; men who un-
derstand their rights, and can and will maintain them. This
district was, and had beenfor years, ''democratic,15 by large
majorities, amounting at times to 2,000. The question pre-
sented to the people at the late election, was not so dis-
tinctly the party question of "whig" and "democrat." as it
was the whig doctrine of a' protective tariff," in connec-
- tion with the distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
—which doctrines I maintained in the canvass—and the dem-
ocratic anti-tariff doctiincs of low duties and fiee trade.
Sir, lam glad to find that the democratic leaders on this
fioor have, throughout this whole discussion, taken especial
pains to declare to tins Houre, and the woild, that a "pro-
tective tariff'is not a-democratic doctrine, and that the ta-
riff of 1842—that "bill ol abominations,*' "a s\ stem to legal-
ize robbery and plunder," as democratic gentlemen have
called it-—is a distinctive whig measure Be it so; ! thank
them for the avowal. I wish the tariff democrats of my dis-
trict to know the estimation m which thoy and their punci-
ples arc held by their brethren on this floor. Sir, they pre-
fer principles to names, and v. ill abandon the "party rath-
er than abandon the doctrine of a protective tariff. They do
not advocate merely 'a good,-" a judicious tarift.but they
are m favor of a distinctly protective tariff This is the doc-
trine now held in Pfimsylvania; and to the honor of our State
it can be said- that she has never changed her position—her
principles and her practice on this subject are unchanging
as her own everlasting hills.
It is almost a work of supererogation to address the com-
mittee in defence ot the system of protection to American
labor and industry The law of 1S42 is its own best defend-
ex, its most eloquent advocate. It speaks for itselt in a
language that all can understand; and to see the advantages
of the American system, it is but necessary for us to open
our eyes for a moment to its operation; to compare the con-
dition ofthe country, of its'trade, and every branch of its
interests before the act of 1842, and their condition now.
Let the examination be piade in candor, and uninfluenced
by cherished theories, and I do not fejr the result. I do not
undervalue statistics or theories, but the operation of the
present tariff, and its results, are liir "heyond either in our
examination of this subject. What are all the theoi-ies of
political writers, from the days of Adam Smith, the great
apostle of free trade, to those of the present time, in com-
parison with the "strong facts'" which the experience of the
country for the last ten \ears has furnished on this ques.
tion? Wu are willing—all who advocate The protective
policv are willing—to rest our cause on the firm foundation
of facts and experience. We appeal, with confidcnce. to the
history of the past in support of our principles, and know-
that an intelligent people will sustain them.
We have been told that protection is unconstitutional, and
that the act of 1642, so far as it recognises the prote&ive
principle, struck a fatal blow at our institutions, and the
prosperity of the whole country. To this proposition we
cannot consent. Protection, independent of revenue, is au-
thorized by the constitution, and the spirit of that instru-
ment is the spirit of protection. One of the objects of the
constitution was "to promote the general welfaie," arid the
power is expressly given to Congress "to lay and collect
duties and imposts," "to provide for the comifton defence and
general welfare," "to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions," and "to make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper to carry into execution the foregoing powers.' How
can these objects best be secured? By abolishing all du-
ties, and exposing the industrial interests of the country to
the competition of foreign nations? _ By giving to them_ad-
vantages in trade and commerce which they in turn are tm*
willing and refuse to yield to us? This is the protection the
friends ol the bill before us Offer to the American people.- We
are as much boun<l by the principles of the constitution in
"providing for the general welfare," to protect American
labor and industry from the destructive competition - of for-
eign labor and capital, as we are bound by the same con-
stitution in providing "for the general defence," to protect
our country from the hostile fleets and armies of Great Brit-
ain. The commercial systems of Europe, acting upon us
through the agency of foreign capital and laVor, if unresist-
ed, are more'to" be feared than the power of her. armies.
Against this influence our interests require protection, and
it must be afforded. . .
- It is admitted that, during the confederation of the States,
and before the adoption of the constitution, the States as in-
dependent sovereignties possessed the power now claimed
for the general government. They had the power to impose
protective duties; and when the right of protection was sur-
rendered by the States it was not destroyed, but embodied
in the federal constitution to be exercised for the benefit of
the whole people, and the American Congress is now called
unon4 by every principle of ^equity, of law and justice, to
carry out these principles, and protect those who have sur-
rendered the right to protect themselves.
Protection is not a novelty in American legislation. It was
maintained by the wisest and best men of other days; and
the contemporaneous exposition of the constitution on'this
point, by many of its framers, ought to settle the controver-
sy, and leave it no longer an-open question. It received the
sanction of Washington in his first message to, the first Con-
gress; and that body, adopting his recommendation, passed
an act imposing protective duties, the preamble^ declaring
the act to be for the purpose of "protecting American manu-
factures." Had the first President, and the patriotic mem-
bers of the first Congress, no regard for the constitution'*
Were they willing to violate its principles so soon after its
adoption, and introduce a system of policy that is nothing
more or less than a system of "legalized robbery," in the
language of certain democratic members of this House? The
unconstitutionality of protection is an after thought, it can-
not be found in the early history of our country; the pro-
tective principle has been recognised by all our Presidents,
from Washington to Jackson; our most eminent statesmen
have sustained, and the people have never condemned it.
I am opposed to the bill now under discussion, and to all
and any alteration or modification of the tariff act of 1842.
I will oppose the present bill, because my opposition to it
will be sustained by thousands of my constituents of all
parties; and, in obedience to their wishes, and my own con-
viction, I will record my vote against it. And, Mr. Chair-
man, such thorough protective-tanfl men have some of toy
democratic constituents suddenly become, that, strange as
it may seem, I haves been charged by a number of the dem-
ocratic editors of my district with "neglect of duty," ill not
hastening on the wings of the wind to Washington, to op-
pose even the discussion of this democratic bill, reported by
the democratic Committee of Ways and Means, delendedbv
democratic members, and which, if it becomes a law at all,
will be passed by democrats, without the aid of a single
whig vote. } am sure my democratic friends here will not
consider my conduct very censurable; and I will now leave
the question of "neglect of duty" to be settled by the "har-
monious democracy" of this House, and the very consistent
democratic editors who have made the charge.
I am also opposed to this bill because all experience has
shown that interference with the stability of legislation on
this subject has produced injurious effects, and conse-
quences ruinous to the best interests of the country. If we
examine the history of the successive tariffs from the efetab*
lishment of the government to the present time, their
changes, and their ettects upon the industry, the trade, and
commerce of the country, we will find the truth of this po-
sition fully sustained. It is worthy of remark, that the nist
protective tariff' law ever passed by an American Congress
was signed by President Washington on the 4th day of July,
1789 The same spivit that animated the patriot fathers of
1776 actuated our representatives in Congress; and under
the sanction ot him who is "first in the hearts of his coun-
try men," the law was established, having for its object the
security of our independence, by dissolving all dependence
upon foieign nations for the supply of our wants, and re-
quiring the people to depend upon themselves. Selt-de-
pendence is the only true independence.
The period inter. ening betw een 1789 and 1S07 was one of
comparative prosperity. The tariff of 17S9, and our neutral
position during the prolonged wars in Europe, contributed
to thi<; result. The wars of this period opened to us the ports
of England France—gave to us a large shire in their com-
merce and navigation, and created an unusual demand for
our agricultural and other productions. Notwithstanding
all our advantages, the balance of trade was against us near-
ly two hundred and thirty millions of dollars during this pe-
riod The piofits of our navigation employed m the carry-
in" trade and ofthe trade itself, would, peihaps, reduce this
bala :ce, but would by no means liquidate it. Although the
balance against us was great, the industry, frugality, and
enterprise of the people, in connection with a productive
.soil and other natural advantages, enabled the country to
sustain itself and present the appearance at least of pros-
^ The peiiod between 1807 and 1815 was disastrous to all
our great interests; non-intercourse, non-importation, the
embargo, and war were upon us. with all their evil conse-
quences. Our manufactures were then in their infancy.
Few men could be found willing to undertake their erection.
The tarift' of 1789 was found insufficient to protect them from
foreign competition; and we were almost entirely depend-
ent upon England for our necessary cottons and woollens.
Such was the condition of 'he country when, m 181-2, we en-
tared unoil the war with G c#t Britain; without roauufectq.
