734
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
May,-* 1^44-
28th Cqng..,..1s1  Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Pqllock.
Hi of
ries—without a supply of articles necessary for the national
defence—having neglected in time of peace to prepare for
war—we.were under the humiliating necessity ol 'smug-
gling from ''British porta clothing and blaiikets fat out* sol-
dlfers." 'The Want 61 a htime supply w&s sev'erply-felt by the
nation,-and we were then taught the important lestfbii, that
to beIxee we must be independent. > . " •
During the war import&tidns alriiost' ceased; a demand for
. cottons and wdollens existed that'could not be supplied; and
under these oircumstances, the war operating *&s a system
of protection, capital was invested, iron,, woollen, and cot-
ton manufactories-were erected, and,' at tlxfe Conclusion of
the war, more than $40 000l()00,were invested in the manufac-
ture of cotton alone. The war of 1812, whiHt it proved the
folly and danger of one nation depending upon another for
her supplies-, also illustrated the advantages and importance
of protection to home manufactures. •
. At the closef of the war, our ports were again thrown
open^_the protection which the war,afforded was at<an end,,
and thus foreign competition was invited; the surplus pro*
ductions of the workshops^ of England .were forced into oyr
markets, and the whole country deluged with British goods.
The result was inevitable. The American manufacturer,
unable to compete with the pauper labor of Europe, Was
compelled to witness his own commodities driven frdm the
market, and their place supplied by British-mamifactures.
'The cotton, and woollen mills, the furnaces and forges of
the country, and almost every branch of industry, suspend-
ed operations: their owners were ruined. Thousands who
had found profitable employment in these establishments
were discharged* and business again was prostrated; whilst
England, "-the workshop of the world," was once more the
controller of the American market. The scenes of that pe-
riod are still fresh in the recollection of the people, and
cannot soon be forgotten. . Had sufficient protection, prior
to this.period, been afforded to manufactures, - many of the
evils we then suffered would have been prevented. The
necessity of protecting'articles of national defence is so ob-
vious, that few deny the right, aadnoue can dbubt the pro-
priety,-" of such legislation. These, articles are Very nu-
merous,. and extend to .every department of manufac-
tures; and the benefits which would' result, both tb the
government and the people, in time of War, from this system
of protection, are of sucn commanding importance that they
cannot b.e overlooked, without endangering our liberties
and the rights of the people. The Congress of the United
States, under the teachings of experience, passed, in 1816,
an act imposing still higher duties and affording more pro-
tection, but not sufficient to sustain the Ameiican in his
competition with the "English manufacturer. This act im-
posed a duty ol twenty per centum ad valorem on cotton
manufactures; and provided' that the square yard costing,
with the addition.of twenty per cont., (if imported from the
Cape of Good Hope, or places beyond.) less than twenty-five
cents, should be deemed and taken to have cost twenty-five
cents, and should be charged with the- duty of twenty per
cent. A subsequent act raised the minimum Valuation from
twenty-five to thirty cents pet square yard, and incteased
the duty from twenty to twenty-live percent. The mini-
mum valuation, which embodies in full the principle of pro-
tection, was introduced into the act by a senator irom South
Carolina, and was sustained by southern voCes. And this is
the principle now so much condemned, and which is con-
sidered a palpable violation of the constitution by those who
heretofore advocated and sustained it, when it suited their
interests.
The act of 1816 afforded some aid to our manufactures, but
heavy importations still continued to be made, and exceeded
by many millions <>ur exports. In 1824, in 1828, and in 1832
high protective duties were imposed by Congress—higher
than at any former period in our history. It Was, indeed,
the "reign of terror", to the disciple? of free trade What
was the effect of these high duties upon our agricultural,
manufacturing, and commercial interests-? upon our rev-
enue—"our credit at home and abroad/ Whore was thfe ruin
and distress, commercial and financial, that these acts
were to produce' All manner of evil had been
prophesied upon.their passage. "Were these predictions
realized? The very reverse was the fact.' At-no period
in our history was the country generally in so prosperous
0 condition. From 1824 to 1833 and 1835, undor the ope-
ration of high protective duties, agricultural productions of
every kind commanded fair and steady prices; the value of
land increased; industry received encouragement and re-
ward; commerce improved; exchanges were in lavor o! ihe
United States; re-venue abundant; dur currency sound; our
banks solvent; their notes at par, ftsid convertible into gold
and silver at the will of the holder, and every interest bene-
fited and sustained. "During this time we were enabled,
from the incicased revenue, to pay oft'the national debt and
divide a large surplus among the States.
S*tch being the condition of the country during the pe-
riod of high duties, why did we not continue to go forward
a.id increase in wealth and greatness as a nation1 A change
in the policy of the country produced a change in its con-
dition and its prospects. In 1833, the opponents of the tariff,
in their zeal for the principles of free trade, preferring
"theories and abstractions" to facts and experience, deter-
mined upon a reduction of duties, and an entire modifica-
tion of the protective system. Our southern friends,
imagining themselves robbed and spoiled by this "legisla-
tive system of oppression," were foremost m the lanks of
those who warred against the protection extended to Ameri-
can labor and industry. It was at this period that nullifica-
tion, in all its "naked ugliness." made its appearance. The
leaders of that unnatural warfare, in the madness of their
opposition, seized the constitution in one hand, and the
Union in the otl\er, and in their rage threatened the destruc-
tion of both, unless their demands were acceded to, and the
protective principle abandoned. The fearful alternative
was then presented to the American people, "disunion, or
repeal of Hie tariff!!" It was a moment of intense interest to
the country. A crisis had been reached—compromise and
concession could alone harmonise the conflict of opinion,
and prevent the consummation of impending ruin. The en-
ergy of a Jackson, and the patriotism ofa Clay, saved the peo-
ple and the country from the horrors of a civil war. Under
these circumstances the act of 1833—the compromise act-
was passed. iad now, Mr. Chairman, permit me'to say,
that i regret t# |j#&f gestkmon on floor  g
much indifference for the American Union—willing, almost,
to adopt the language and-re-enact the scenes of.that period.
I have not yet learned to estimate the value of the Union, or
calcUlatfe its pric§. .Rather let the tariff'be " repealed,, and
the cherished-ptiiicy of the country be abSridoiied, ihafl the
existence of the Union be put ill jeopardy. In comparison
with it, all other questions of personal, sectional, oi* nation-
al interest become insignificant. The Union, should it-per-
ish, with it Would perish, foreyer, the last hope Of freedom
tothewoxjlb. _ - ' , ' - ^ .
It is Well thai the ediintry has had the fexperience'dl'the
compromise act; it presehted an opportunity of testing the
protective policy on a grand scale. The people were not
indifferent fo its operation, and they have marked well its
results. By thp provisions of the act", the high existing du-
ties were gradually reduced to twenty per centum, and nine
years was the time allotted for the reductions. -The length
of time, and the gradual decline of duties,' were circumstan-
ces most favorable tp this experiment on the protective
policy of the country. The experiment was commenced m
1833, with high tarift'.dutics on foreign importations; and the
duties declining in each successive year, the lowest point
was reached in July, 184-2. And now, sir, let us mark the
progress of events during this period. They are now mat-
ters of history, and still i-enifembyred by all i4 this hall. Re-
curring to the past,, we discover that as the~ tariff was re-
duced, and the duties declined, in that proportion all the in-
teiests of the country went down, step by step, with them.
The revenue from-customs, during this-time, fell off'so
much that we were compelled to resort to loans, and.the is-
sue of treasury notes, to meet the current expenses of the
government; and this fact itself should teach the majority of
the Committee of Way_s and Means that the system they so
much recommend, and ask us to adopt—of reducing duties
to increase the revenue—is, to say the least of it, one of
very doubtfulexpedjeney.
PUblic credit wis impaired; repudiation b^ States and in-
dividuals became the order of the dayj confidence was de-
stroyed; d,ur currency depreciated; our banks insolvent and
broken; the country-flooded with trash in the shape of small
notes, and financial embarrassment everywhere' existed.
Our manufacturing interests'were also ruinously affected.
The cotton and woollen manufactories suspended opera-
tions, and thousands Of operatives were turned out of em-
ployment, with families dependent upon them, Without the
means of livelihood; the iron interests of Pennsylvania
were prostrated; the fires of ourfumaces were extinguished;
our forges and rolling mills were silent; the noise of busy
industry was no longerlieard around their blackened walls,
and thousands of our people were reduced from affluence to
want and -penury. The agricultural and commercial inter-
ests did not escape the general ruin. Our farmers found
themselves without a maiket for their produce, prices were
lowi the value of all kinds of property declined, labor was
without employment, and the business of the country stood
still. All this is -history—it is fact; and I am corroborated
in these statements by the reports of you r committeesand
the experience of the people. These results follow the re-
duction of duties, as clearly aiid certainly as effect follows
cause.
Let us inquire whether the cause here assigned—the-re-
dUctidn of duties—is adequate to produce such results; and
ill pursuing tuis inquiry we Will refer to information fur-
nished by the Secretary of the Treasury, and the statistics
of the country generally. Our first inquiry will be, what
effect a repeal ol duties has upon importations? If we tak*
the' amount of importations during the five years next
preceding the compromise act, a period of high duties, and
compare it with the amount of importations during the five
years next succeeding the passage'of that act, and during
which time the duties. \\ ere declining, our first inquiry will
be fully and fairly answered. By reference to.the sta-
tistical tables, we find the amount in" value of our
imports, or, in other words, of goods and merchandise
brought into the United States from foreign countries du-
ring the five years first named, from 1828 to 1832 inclusive,
to be four hundred and thirty-eia;ht million one hundred
and nineteen thousand six hundred and sixty-one dollars.
Oiir importsYor the second period, from lS34to 1838 inclu-
sive, were, from the same authority, seven hundred and
twenty-one million one hundred and three thousand seven
hundred and twenty-nine dollars, being ail increase of two
hundred and eighty-two million nine hundred and eighty-
four thousand three hundred and ninety-seven dollars, an
increase at once luinous to the country and destructive to
our manufactures "Was there anything in the condition of
our country that required this enormous importation of for-
eign goods'/ Could not > our manufacturers supply the
w ants of tiic people? or had their ability to consume become
so great that they were wiling to lavish millions to pamper
their appetites? Did the rapid increase of ouV population
demand, or what necessity can ju&iify ft?
The rich and overstocked manufacturers of Europe, in-
duced by our low duties and increased list of free articles,
deluged our markets with their goods—lorced them to sale
at auction—offered unlimited credit, end thus encouraged
and promoted in our citizens extravagance, speculation,
and all the evils that accompany and follow an unnatural
and excited state of trade. The excessive importations uf
this period, were not made by the foreign manufacturer for
the purpose merely of finding a market for his commodi-
ties, or increasing his profits. The .object was to'break
d.-nwi the American manufacture? at all hazard—to forec
American goods out of the market, and prevent a competi-
tion which the English merchant and manufacturer always
dieaded. Jpiis design to cripple and retard the progress of
our manufactures has existed since and pnor to the organ-
ization ot the government. "While we verc yet colonies,-
the hostility of Great Britain to our infant trade and man-
ufactures was deep and deadly, and exhibited itself
in repeated acts of Parliament and every species of op-
pression. As early as 1609, the war against our manufac-
tures was commenced, and has continued without abatement
up tg this moment, although her power to injure has been
greatly curtailed. In 1750 an act of Parliament was passed,
making it a criminal offence for any of the inhabitants of the
colonies to erect any forge, rolling or slitting mill, or any
manufactory thai would conflict with the trade '"of England. ~
Lord Chatham entjQthor Briti&h lords declared <lthey would
m h$vf w Amerfc^ns U"> maHe a er "a ft
shave their~Wnte * la 1816 Lord" Brou^hainsaid inthe
House of Commons, "It was well worth while^by this gkxt,
(excessive exports Trom England to ^America,) to stifle Jn
the cradle those manufactories >in the" United States which
the'*war had^forced ijit? existence -Mr.^Robertson, also a
member of Parliament, said, iitdehate on.the subject "of free
trader, "that it was hothing iaqre nor less than for us #he
English) to get a monopoly efairmarkets forourmahjifac-
tures, and 'to prevent ether nations, one and all, from^nga-
ging in them;" and.the Edirfbufg Ke^iCW, echoing the.sen
timents of .British statesmen 3nd mdtuopolists.'-in reference
to-thecbnfpf-orhisfe'aet, sdid. ftW6 hal,e,no" doubt that it'Jhaa
given the death-bloW to thfe American system." >Eflti&rtaift' •
ing such feelings towards .us, is it'a matter 6f 'sifrp#iSe «*at
England would embrace every opportunity offfer^d ib cUfrf
out her favorite policy of opposition to our domestic trade
and manufactures? It was this policy that prompted the
enormous importations'during the "compromise act; and the
attempt was then made^in-the fanguage of Lord'Brougham,
"to stifle in the cradle the rising,manufactories ofthe United
States," which the tariff's of 1824 and 18&& had called'into ex-
istence. Such has always been the policy of Great Britain-,
and such it will ever be.'unlessopposed.by high protective
duties ' The foreign manufacturers are willing to sacrifice
millions, as they have, frequently done, if, in-the end, they
£5ii destroy our traded and secure the monopoly of our mar-
kets. The result ctf thfe large importations during the Jerm
to which we haVe £lifided, Wfis disastrouss to the business
and trade of the whole country. All classes, trades, and
professions were involved in one common xuln—manufac-
tories of every kind again suspended their operations, and
commercial and financial embarrassments .filled up the
measures' of our distress. And, sir, -if such ruinous, and
disastrous results followed the gradual reduction of duties,
what would hava. .been our condition if wc had proceeded
still farther, dntil we reached that "l£wer'deep,"free trade?
How beautiful soever in ^'theory," or as an,"abstraction,"
fre§ trade ma? beT its practical effects are in#viduaj ^nd n*
tionalruiu. , - ; v • ■ ; .
The financial"difficulties tff the country originated in the
change of policy consequent on the reduction.of duties un-
de/the act of 1833. Whilst the duties were declining,.the
imports exceeded our exports,by jriany-jtaiHions;.leaving
a large balance of trade,against us. Taking} for example,
the five years next succeeding the"date of-the'act, aiid com-
paring the imports and exports" for that period, we tfnd the
balance against us amounting to' the enormous sum of one
hundred and forty millions five h.undred and four thousand
one hundred and forty-seven dollars'. Here then we have a
debt of more than $140,000,000, contracted by the people in
the purchase of British goods and. foreign commodities;
which, under a wis© protective policy would not have been
cj eated. How was the debt to be paid ? By the productions
of the country, or in gold and silver I The heavy duties
imposed by all foreign nations prevented the export of our
staple productions, and payment was 'required in sp'ecie or
its equivalent. The present demand for specie was met by
the sale and transfer of State stocks, bonds, and other se-.
cvuities"; while these remained at .par. Thisphowever, was
a mere change of liability without, paying the debt. Our
indebtedness to Europe at" this time, amounted to more
than $200,000,000— exchange was against us—our currency
depreciated, and, consequently,* a heztyy drain upon our
specie'eommericed, and millions of dollars were earned to
England to pay for goods that "we could have made cheaper
and better at home. The effect of the withdrawal and
shipment -of specie, which must always constitute
the basis of sound banking, was to cripple the banks,
and leave the country destitute of the precious met-
als. Now, When it is remembered that a large number
of the banks.dunng this time -hadpin the general rage for
speculation, and the spirit of overtrading that pervaded our
whole land, expanded their issues and mcreased-their dis-
counts to a ruinous extent—a state of things to which the
excessive importations -which we have already noticed
contributed more than all other causes, it is not surprising
that, in the destruction of trade and credit, and the general
revulsion that followed, they were unable to sustai* them-
selves. ' •
In 1837 the banks explode,d; and we then found ourselves
without a currency, without specie, without credit," indi-
viduals ruined, States insolvent, and the whole country
prostrated. , - . „
But we are told that the banks produced all the calami?
ties, public and private, under which we suffered—that they
encouraged and promoted the overtrading, extravagant
" speculation, and the excessive use of credit that then pre-
vailed so extensively-in the United States.
It cannot be,denied that the-banks, jirtheir turn, accelera-
ted the'downward progress we were then making; yet we
must look back1 and behind the banks for the real cause of
all our difficulties and their embarrassments. The origin of
all our banking and financial troubles is to be found in the
abandonment of our protective policy, exposing the busi-
ness a;ul trade of the country to the cupidity and avarice of
foreign monopolists I do "not appear here as the advocate
or defender of the banks. 1 am in favor of a sound constitu-
tional currency, regulated by the will aad the 'authority of
the people, and, sir, in my opinion, a protective tariff is on£
of the best regulators ofthe currency that can be adopted.
In our investigations of truths and tracing the relation be-
tween cause and effect, we should not be turned aside by
collateral issues. From the facts presented, we can
ascertain the true reason of all our embarrassments;
and, on a candid review - of the commercial and
financial history of the countiy, - it will be found that
changcs in our protective policy, by legislation or other-
wise, have alwa-s and invariably resulted injuriously to
the agricultural/ manufacturing',, and financial interests of
the people. ' ^
We have thus traced an immediate connection between
low duties and the dertnictfon of the trade and prosperity
ofthe country. What, sir, has been the operation of the
act of 1842} and what have been i& results'? Can our oppo-
nents poinUo one injurious effect of the protective tariff of
1842? Has It had an unfavorable effect upon the great sta-,
pies of the Sooth—cotton, sugar, and rice? Upon agricul-
ture—upon commerce—upon our manufactures—our iron
andcdal, or upon the revenues of the government? Wo
Wei? tP|ct bylUA 9f !h£ tariff of Jws, thaUt weuW'
