736
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB#.
May, 1844'
28th. Cij?rG,.....lsT Sess.
The. Tariff—'Mr.'Pollock.
H; 6f
whatever increases the supply,-the demand remaining the
same,.-necessarily lowers the price. TKe experience of the
country proves the Xact.that-tne price of articles protected
by our tariffs has invariably declined, arid we are now able
to^p"u'rchase many kinds of goods /or one-half less than they -
could jhave been bought for a Tew years ago. This is the nat-
ural result of competition induced by protection. 'Give'.to the
foreign' manufacturers the control of ou,r markets, and they
will dictate their Own-terms; Jhey will establish their own
prices/ They will so regulate the supply^as always^ to be
les&'than the-demand." And if ^.surplus should accumulate,
or the supply became greater than the ' demand,"and prices
fall (in consequence, they will blow ,out their furnaces, as
was donejri England apd Wales in 1839, suspend their man-
ufactures, cease th„eir- importations, and thus reduce the
supply. These-combinations .have existed, and.wiE.be
formed, Unless opposed, by proper" protective duties. ' The
fall of prices unde'rthe tariff of 1842, and under all our,
tariffs, proves thatthe,duty is paid by the importer., and not
by the consumer—otherwiseprices would-rise. 'His profits
diminish in "proportion to the duties We impose on his im-
portations. The valuable tables" of prices at different peri-
ods, contained in the able report of the Committee' on Man:
ufactures, furnish abundant proof of the fall of prices under
a system of protective duties. On all articles . of manufac-
ture, which go into the consumption of the poor and labor-
ing classes, such as cotton and woollen goods, .leather,-iron,
and. salt, the duties imposed have not increased 'the price;
on the contrary, they have declined, and are lower thanat
any. former period in our history. ;-
23ut in answer to this we are told that reduction of price
is notaa effect of the tariff; that prices have fallen all over
the world; that free goods have fallen-jn price inthe same
proportion with goods paying duty; that the improvements
in machinery, the application of steam; and the division of
labor, have produced' these results ill despiteof the tajgff, and
that, without protection, prices would be itill lower. It is
true, that prices generally have fallen, and that the-causes
assigned l y the/opponents of the tariff may have aided in
producing the result. But when it'is said that.free goods have
fallen in the same proportion with" dutiable goods, our ad
versaries make an admission tljat entirely overturns all their
theories on this subject, 'and destroys the force ;bf all their
objection* If free goods' have fallen in price rib more than
protected.gopds,> then, sir, we have the fact established; that-
autres do not add to the price, 'or prevent then? fall. Pro-
tected articles- have fallen in price equally with the free ar-
ticles ! Where, thfen, is the truth of the position that duties
add'to the price? .Upon the principles of the advocates ol
free trade and revenue duties, the price of the free articles
should be muchless than the price of the article paying du-
ty—at least,th$ difference of the duty paid; but they them-
selves beipg judges, the price of both nave-fallen equally.
But.'sir' I km* not satisfied with tlus admission, however
favorable it may be tcr the friends of a protective tariff I £>°
further, and say boldly, without the fear of contradiction,
that the prices of articles paying duty have fallen in a gieat-
er proportion than the price of free articles. For example:
the.pnces of cotton and woollen goods have declined in a
much greater proportion than the prices ol tea and, coftee,
which are free articles. Examine the tables of prices—in-
stitute the comparison, and the result will be as stated. .
That prices would be lower without our system of pro*
tection^is an assertion that remains to be proved—all expe-
rience.^ against it. ,If the experiment is to be made, save
us, 1 beseech you, fioih tlie tender' mercies of the British
manufacturer. The cheap prices of England, under a sys-
tem of free trade, would be the cheapening of our independ-
ence—the destruction of our prosperity—'and hopeless, irre>-
trievable ruin. , _ ' ^ ...
The extent and value of our manufactures, and their im-
portance to the farmer, in affording a home market -for his
surplus productions, deserves some consideration. . -
The capital employed .-in manufacturing cotton is estima-
ted at $50,000,000—yielding annually one hundred and fifty
millions yards, of the value of sixteen millions dollars— con-
suming annually 300,000 bales of cotton, and" not less than
four"hwIIion dollars'worth of agricultural productions, and
giving employment to thousands of men, wOmen,.and chil-
dren.
The wool growers, with their "20,000,00ft sheep, and the
w'oollen manufacturer employs $1*25,000,000 of capital.
The annual production ot the leather and shoe trade is
estimated at $o0,000,000, employing 100,000 persons, and
consuming a largp amount of the produce ol our, farmers.
The iron-manufacture, yieldirlg,annualiy $2o,000,000, em-
ploys 51,500 persons, and pays-yearly wages amounting to
$18,76^,990 '- ' , -
The six hundred paper mills of the country emplby a
capital of £16,000,000, and give employment-to 50,000
persons.
* The salt, coal, and lumber'business employs many mil-
lions of capital, &nd pays waggj  to thousands of laborers.
All these, with many others,'Are valuable and important in-
terests, and require and deserve the protection of govern-,
mentr ' ^
The total amount of, capital employpd in manufactures,
mining, and-the mechanic arts in the.United States, is esti-
mated at $400,P00,000, and, sir, I believe this to-be below the
sum actually invested. The number of'persons employed
m these pursuits is stated to be 807,000—thousands ol me-
chanics and household manufacturers are not included in
this estimate. The number engaged, directly- and indirect-
ly, in these pursuits, and in producing the raw material,
(which would be useless were it not for domestic manufac-
tures,) together with their families and dependants, wni
amount to 4,000,000,of our population. These are all con-
sumers of our agricultural products. Ifut drive them irom
manufacturing,.and"they must become tillers of the soil-
producers instead of consumers. These facts have been
stated by the Commlttee on-Manufactures, and are not ex-
aggerated
The annual value of the products of the United States, ac-
cording to the last census, including agricultural produc-
tions, is two thousand million dollars. 'Would it be good
policy to neglect this immense interest? To expose the in-
dustry and business of the country to the merciless rapaci-
ty of British manufacturers, who have no sympathy for us,
but for our gold? , « ' .
"Poes this great manufacturing interest ^yeateno market
at home for the 'surplus productions of our farmers? jVe
hav.e heard the home.jna.rKet, during" this debate, gpokpii of
•with contempt—sneered, at as insufficient to consume the
surplus productions- ofthe people. Is it so? To ascertain
the' irpportafice of the home market, look* at the amount of
some of our agricultural productions for the year, 1843. In
the ^annual report of, the Commissioner of Patents for that
year, they-are^estimated as follows:
Corn ' • 494,>618,306 bushels..
Wheat- . 100,316;856 " - 5
, Oat's , ' - - - ' - - -145,929,9.66 " -
Rye - 24r2'80,271 - " v-
Barley - •  3,220,72V " "
, "Buckw.heat ' • * • 7,959,410 . "
Potatoes - .. . ' - \ • - 1Q5,756,013 . " .
Hay ' \ • ■ - - 15,419,SQ7> ton*..
Tobacco - -« ♦ - ' • - ' 185,731,054 pounds.
Cotton f , . 707,^60,090 "v
-Bice. .. - % - 89,879,145. 1 "
Silk 0 r ; 315,96,5
Su^ar -r - • 66,400,310
Wine . - - - , 139,240 gallons".
This estimate may be regarded as approximating, very
nearly thetrutli.andpfov.es the immense resources of our
country. .Now, sir, of this large amount of our •domestic
productions, how much is sent abroad; and-how much is'
consumed at home? Take the first item in the above list.
Of the four hundred,and ninety-four million bushels of
corn raised in the United States, not more than two mijlion '
bushels are exported—leaving to be consumed at home,
four hundred and nmetv-two million bushels. Destroy the
home market, and our farmers will get but poor prices for
their corn. England is a poor consumer of American pro-
ductions. Again, riot _inpre than" 16,000,000 bushels of
wheat, out of the 100,000,000, were exported last year,
being less-than one-sixteenth of the whole amount; and yet
the "home market", inthe estimation of the advocates of "ftee
trade," is not to be compared in importance and value with
the 'foreign market. And, with the - exception of cotton,
tobacco, and rice, the same proportion of exports, to hon>e
consumption, holds throughout the entire fast of . our agri-
cultural productions. We have seen that the estimated
value of our annual produfctions is $2,000,000,000—our whole ,
exports flo^not exceed $100,000,000—nineteen-twentieths of
our productions being consumed at home. This fact illus-
trates the sxiperiontj -of the home, over the foreign niarktt,
with this important advantage in our favor, that the market
is at our doors—that we.are not required to travel three
thousand miles to sell our wheat and corn—risking the
dangers of the ocean, and the many accidents to which our
foreign commerce is exposed. With the exceptions before
mentioned, our agricultural exports do not exceed $16,000-
000. T,'he surplus products'of our farmers far exceed tht^t
sum. The balance must find its way into the home market,
for there is no other to which it can go—the foreign mar-
kets being wholly or partially closed against us: it is here
purchased by our manufacturers, and consumed by them,
and those connected, directly or indirectly, with them. '
The New England States, being principally manufactur-
ing States, consume annually, beyond their own produc-
tions, 7,0^0.000 bushels of wheat in the shape of flour, being
600,000 bushels more than the average -export frorn the
United States for the last five years. The- manufacturers
of New England rr^fe'12 used more than 200,000 barrefs of
flour in making, starch and si'/mg for1 their goods, being
more than'was exported to England in the same pe-
riod. The State of Massachusetts ulone consume of
the products of other States the sum of $40,741,150. The
.iron manufactures of Pennsylvania consume about $9,000^-
000 of the products of-our soil. Sir, there is not a yard of
cotton or woollen manufactured—not a ream of paper or
ton of iron made—there is no branch of our manufacturing
industry, in the wide 'extent of our country, that does hot
lay its tribute at the feet of our farmers. Every spindle
that rolls, every shuttle that fles, every blast of our furna-
ces, and every turn of our rolling mills, aid and benefir tlie
honest, independent, hard-fisted yeomanry of our republic'.
Therd is not a farmer in the land that does not know the
value-jand importance, to himself and to all others, of manu-
factures. Where they flourish the yalue of land is in-
creased; all the products of the soil command fair prices;
labor receives good wages'; the finitsof the orchard—the
vegetables of the garden—the milk, cheese, and butter of
the dairy, find a good and convenient market, and every-
thing becomes valuable. Look at the manufacturing towns
and villages of the United States, and say whether those
are the true results. And j-et we are asked to abandon the
home marke{?-our domestic manufactures—all branches ol .
our industry—everything that ig' j« name and principle
American—that we may enjoy the blessings ^>'f free trade—
the privilege of buying and wearing cheap British goods,
and paying for them jn gold and silver.
Now, sir, I ask the advocates of theiree trade and reve-
nue duties to tell me in what way our farmers wilt be ben-
efited by a reduction of duties, or repeal of our tanft policy ?
Will it afford them abetter market for their productions,
either at home or abroady If so, tell me when and how ?
Will a repeal or modification of our tariff laws open the
ports of England, France, or llussia, to our productions?
Will it remove any existing restraints at home on exports?
Our laws impose no duties or restraints on our trade or
exports. The farmer and merchant are left free to act
as inclination or interest prompts. "The world is all be-
fore them where to choose" their -jarket; why not now
sell their productions to England, and bring back in return
her cheap goods? Free trade sounds very well in theory,
but it is very inconvenient in practice. England will pur-
chase our. commodities; but then she will dictate the terms
of sale. Our Pennsylvania farmers can sell their wheat to
England, upon paying for that privilege twenty four to
eighty-four cents per bushel, according to the state of the
stomach of John Bull, or the position of his sliding scale.
What is the free trade offered to us by foreign 'nations, in
return for the privileges we are now asked by our "demo-
cratic" friends here to extend to them,7 Let us see. Eng-
land, for example, imposes heavy duties on all articles made
or grown inthe United States, and upon those articles
which she herself makes and grows the duties are almost, if
not altogether, prohibitory. Upon our productions she iin-
p'ose* tfte following rate of duties r
"On-salted beef, 60 p.er'cfnt.; bacon, 109,per c€ht,'; butfe,r,
70 percent/;.Jndian co^n, 'average.32|ierbent.;; flouri aver- -
age, 32-percent; rosihi7S per cent.) sperm oil, 33 per c^t;
«perjqr candle^ 33,per cent; t'obacc,o, unmanufactured,-l-fOOp
per.cent.; tobaoc^,"manufactured/1,300 perleent; salted
pork; 33 per c^nt.; s6ap, 200 per cent) spirits from "grain,
SOO per cent; spirits from' molasses or raro, 1,600.per cent.
On these fourteen articles. she Imposes -an average;dut:y; of
355,-per cent, a duty vastly greater-Chan is!imposedon:any
of-herfibrics." - • . ' i5
- England^also' discriminates again'sjfc ihe ,'pQited SifftejB.-'-and
in favor of the productions of ner pxoftnees* .T^e spirit'of
her legislation/on this subject is. opposition Co Amjeipo'an
commerce and manufactures. ' . >
Nor. is England alone in this^policy: All the countries' of
Europe "hav,e adopted the systeth of protection, an^ impose
heavy duti.es on-all articles of foreigngrowth 'andjrr>anufac-
ture. Russia, and France, Prussia and the Germanic-States,
guard-their own interest t>y protecting the -industry of the
people, and encouraging home manufactures. Spain and
Portugal, the Netherlands and the two'Sicilfes, prohibit vir-
tually the*importation of our 'breadstuff's, and %11 unite in
prohibiting, by impost duties, the, importation-of-whatever
comes in competition-with their own productions. The
States .of South America prohibit, or -nearly so, -thie wheat
corn, and fiotur of the Uni,ted Stages. • The policy of every
nation is tbe^aine; and should admbnish ue to reflect cairqly
and act wisely, in lelation to the subject. .Under, these cir-
cumstances free traders impossible; and a.change_inour
policy now would be the signal of our ruin. While we, by
our unstable legislation,'and-the abandonment-of protec-
tion here, have had the balance of trail© largely .against us,
and the country drained of its specie,,. Great Britain, by a
firm ad&ei'ence to her. c^mmercial 'system, and her protect-
ive policy, has made the nations of the earth, an(d'ourstdves
ampng the'numfeer, her debtors. ( The wealth"of every clime
has been poured upon her shores-, and tlie products of ey^ry
soil made tributary tp her greatness. " \ •"
"Upon the principles of fair trade we are willing to meet
all tne nations of Europe, or the world; We fear n§ com-
petition upon equal terms. The enterprise, ingenuity, and
skill of our manufacturers will be equal ,,to'the'emergency.
We must protect 'them against the.projection of foreign
countries 'Without it there is no equality, no mutuality, no
fair trade; Can wefthen, as Aineyicans^refufte^tp jjrotect
the--American, people,-their interests,, and . their - rights?
Pass this bill, and an offeaded people, in thunder tones, will
pronounce your condemnation. ** ' ' - "
We are pointed to the misery and poverty of the European
laborer as an objection to the system of protection. The
oppression of their goverments, not their protective policy,
has made theffi what' they are. The iTon heel of tyranny
and taxation crushes him-to the earth. Taxed for the light
that gleams through the windows ofhis miserable cottage—
taxed for the privilege of breathing the air -of Heaven-
taxed for the bread he eats—taxed for the rags that coyer
himself and his .starving family—taxed living^" and taxed
dying;, he-only escapes taxation when the last shovel full
of taxed earth is thrown upon his grav'o. Denied all parti-
cipation in the affairs of his government, disfranchised, and
spurned by the "haughty aristocrat; he is compelled to wit-
ness'his'family perishing around,-hinv"lyhile his, scanty
earnings.-aire wrung from him, t<? add", to the pomp: and
pageantry of a hearfl,ess, soulless raOnarchj;. .
Not so the American farmer, the. mechanic, and labo.rer.
Here all are free—all are equa£;"at the ballot-box alldis-
tmctions cease, the offices of government axe open to all;
no odious property qualification, excludes the poor man
from his right- of suffrage; but^ proud of his country, her
institutions, and her laws, he is, ever ready to submit to the
~ one, or defend the other. In this land of equal rights the
laboring poor know and feel that they are men. They take
theii; stand upon t|ie broad platform of the constitution, and,
- in the fyll consciousness of independence, look around, and
find no'.superior. The road to wealth 'and fame is before
them. The ragged "urchin that plays in our streets to-day,
may, at no distant period, take his seat in this hail—his
voi'cc, in tones-of eloquence, maybe heard in yonder Sen-
ate chamber; or from the judicial bench he may dispense
justice to all; or guide the destinies of this mighty Repub-
lic fr6m the presidential chair. The. history ©f our-country
is rich in illustiations of men,-who, breaking through the
restraints of poverty, lha\e, by perseverance and energy
of a character, aequired a name and fame, endul-ing'-as the
x-ecords ol time.
Could we unroll,"upon the-shores of oppressed Europe,
tlie declaration of our independence, and," m the language of
that matchless instrument, declare to her starving millions
that they &ie "fre„e and equal," tlie trembling tyrant would
start from'-his falling throne—%he" chains of--tlxe.oppressor
would be-unloosed, and fcurope, "rede'efme3~'ahd. disenthral-
led, would no longer present to us the example of a de-
graded, miserable, and oppressed- people.
Thus, sir, 1 have endeavored to state my views on the
"great question of national policy now under consideration,
and to assign some of the reasons of my opposition to the
present bill
I can never consent to change the cherished policy of the
country. With the manufactmei, the mechanic, the mer-
chant, and the business men of the nation, I a.m m favor of
protection, and with them, here and elsewhere, 1 will op-
pose every attempt to destroy or impair it. In defending
the act of 184*2,1 do not desire to injure* any section -of our
country, but to benefit all. Under the beneficial operations
of that act-, we see indications of returning prosperity cveiy-
where around us; the country arousing from'her lethargy,
and bounding forward in her course of independence and
wealth; millions of capital investerf.in manufactures; enter-
prise and industry encouraged and -rewarded; the condition
of all classes of citizens improved and improving, the reve-
nue increasing; speeie flowing -jnto the country; banks sob
vent, exchanges equalized; good markets; fair prices; and
hope again swelling the bosom of thousands. Shall we
again change this j>ictnre, so cheeiing to the-hearts-of
American citizens? '.Shall we, by our vacillating policy,
again bring jbiight, and mildew upon the'business of the
country? • Are x^e willing to blast our prosperity^ further
Jhe designs of reckless politicians, intent only on their own
aggrandizement, regardless of the welfare and happiness of
.the people? It must not T>e done.' The people Wk. repose;
