Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX f 0 TJffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
irm
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Huntington.
Senate*.
would not the reduction in price be much greater than any-
supposed increase in the price of the foreign article by the
imposition of a duty? Is not the market at home better for
him than the market abioad? Let the experience of the
country for many years past answer. Protection, on the
other hand, as opposed to free trade, avoids all the evils of
the latter, while it confers great and lasting advantages on
the nation which adopts it It was this which led to the
navigation act of Great Britain, which secured to her that
commercial supremacy so long maintained. It- was this
which led to our navigation act, to which Great Britain
warcompelled to submit, and which has so much promoted
our commercial prosperity. I repeat that the policy of
protection, so far from being opposed to the letter and spirit
of our constitution, is in accordance with both, has receiv-
ed the sanction of time and experience, has made the nation
industrious and prosperous in the various employments of
its people, and will continue its rich blessings so long as it
shall be maintained.
The third proposition of the senator was, that the act of
1842, considered as a revenue bill, requires revision. Seve-
ral reasons were uiged in support of it; one was, that the
rate of duty imposed by it, averaging 34 to 35 per cent., ex-
ceeded the revenue standard, which is alleged to be from 15
to 25 per cent. This is what I believe the senator called,
on a former occasion, the natural revenue duty. I am not
aware of any standard which fixes the rate of duty, except
it be one which each nation prescribes for itself at any
time, and varying according to its pleasure. Surely neither
the revealed law, nor the unwritten law existing in the con-
science or moral sense, nor the law of nations, fixes any
such standard. Every nation will judge for itself, under
every variety of circumstance, what average rate of duty
she will impose on imports, and that will vary from one rate
to another, according to circumstances. Another reason
was, that it lays higher duties than any act prior to 1816.
And if it does, does it follow that the acts previous to
that year are to be an unchangiug standard for the future?
Are the duties now, to be graduated by the wants or condi-
tion of the country in 1790, or 18P0, or 1810, or 1816? But
the senator says this bill collects more from the people, in
the form of duties on imports, than was intended by the
framersof the constitution. I think this argument may be
considered original with the senator, and as an appendage
to what has been called the natural revenue duty. But I
will examine the reasons urged m support of it: and first,
we are referred to the example of other nations, who, it is
said, collect much larger sums from other sources thanfrom
duties on imports. France and Great Britain are cited. Sev-
eral answers readily occur to this suggestion. One is, that
they tax almost every thing from which they can raise rev-
enue. for the purpose of meeting their enormous expendi-
tures. In Great Britain they impose a tax upon all the ele-
ments except air. The difference, however, in the objects
of taxation, is not to be attributed to any revenue standard
of duties on imports, but to the necessity of taxing every
thing to raise revenue. I trust this example is not to be
held up to us for imitation. Another answer is, that they
impose revenue duties, without any reference to a reve-
nue standard, on all articles which come in competition
with their own industry and business, and they are not
governed by any natural standard by which is to be
regulated the amounts to be raided by the different modes
of taxation. But suppose these nations have adopted any
such rule as that which the senator calls a revenue stand-
ard, which has that to do with our constitutional pow-
er to ijnpose any rate of duties we please? Is the ex-
ample of Europe to determine our power m this respect9
Does the constitution prescribe any fixed rate of duty, or
anyone ranging between given rates'? Surely not Con-
gress may lay duties on imports, in the exercise of a sound
discretion,' without being governed by the policy or the
practice of foreign nations. The senator, however says that
power is given to lay taxes, as well as impost duties; and
consequently it is fair to be inferred that resort should be
had to them in part to provide for the wants of the govern-
ment. I think this is clearly a non sequitur. The power to
tax is additional to the power to lay duties on imports, and
they are not necessarily to be united in their practical ex-
ercise. Besides, it is quite clear that the power to lax was
intended to be used only in cases of extraordinary emer-
gency—as during a state of war—and such has been the uni-
form construction of the constitution m this particular.
The senator says, however, that lus meaning is, that if we
are obliged to advance beyond the revenue standard in the
imposition of duties, we must resort to other sources—that
we must get all we can from duties imposed according to
that standard, and the remainder from other sources, and
that such was the intention of those who framed the consti-
tution. I ecrtamly cannot comprehend this train of reason-
ing, as applied to a question of constitutional law. Who is
to determine whether the amount to be raised from dunes
on imports exceeds the revenue standard of 25 per cent.?
And what article or sentence in the constitution declares
that Congress, in whom invested the power to tax and to
lay duties, is to be limited in the latter case by the amount
which can be raised by an average rate of duty not exceed-
ing 25 per cent 9 And who can successfully contend that a
revenue bill is opposed to the spirit of the constitution,
because that rate of duty is exceeded7 The argument
of the senator, if it be susceptible of any practical bear-
ing, means either that when Congress passes an act im-
posing 8n average rate of duty beyond 25 per cent.,
which, in the opinion of others, is greater than is
necessary to raise the required amount of revenue,
it is unconstitutional, or that if a greater sum than will
be obtained by such a rate is necessary, the balance must
be obtained by direct taxation. The former appears to me
entirely untenable, inasmuch as it controls a discretion
vested in Congress; and the latter cannot and ought not to
receive the sanction of the people. Will they believe that
Congress is required, or ought to laise money by direct
taxation, when they can obtain it by the indirect mode of
duties on imports'7 Is the plan of imposing direct taxes to
be adopted? Is this a part ol the ir«?e trade system 1 What
would have been its practical effect if it had been resorted
to under the administration of Mr. Van Buren, when the an-
nual expenditures were twenty-eight millions of dollars7
If the whole of this amount, with the addition of two mil-
lions for the expense of collection, should now be raised by
direct taxes, and be apportioned to each State according to
its federal numbers, each State would pay about in the ratio
of $134,000 for each for its representatives in Congress.
What a tax this, to be paid by New Hampshire or Connecti-
cut! But how much of the expenditure is to be raised by
direct tax? One-third7 one-quarter? one-fifth? Suppose
the latter, what an immense burden it would throw upon
the laborer, the man of small property, the farmer. I com-
mend this consequence of free-trade principles to the atten-
tion of those classes of our fellow-citizens. The senator
says the act of 1842 imposes duties on the necessan.es, in-
stead of the luxuries of life, and therefore requires modifica-
tion as a revenue measure. If the duties were confined to
the latter articles, it is quite clear that sufficient revenue
would not be raised. But are all necessaries taxed? An
examination of the free list will present a satisfactory an-
swer to this question. Are tea and coffee subject to a dutj ?
or raw materials which are imported to give employment
to our labor? And spirits, and silks, and wines—are not
duties imposed on these? And as to other articles, such
as woollens, cottons, &c. on which duties are laid, have
we not seen that, by reason of these duties, our own peo-
ple are emploj ed in every form of labor, and that there is
furnished to the consumer an articlc of a better quality
and at a less price than the imported one? and that, by-
means of this employment, the government is enabled to
collect duties on articles admitted to be properly the sub-
jects of a revenue tax, by increasing the ability of the con-
sumer to purchase and pay for them7 The senator says
that the present tariff act imposes duties which operate as a
capitation tax, by reason of the minimum and specific du-
ties, which compel the poor to pay for many articles as
much as the rich. It is quite a sufficient reply to this sug-
gestion, that as to no article is the duty in the nature of a
tax on the person without reference to property; for those
who have property pay, as consumers, much more than
those who have none. And if these rates were to be re-
pealed, and no duties imposed on the articles falling under
their operation, the poor, by reason of the want of employ-
ment, would not be able to purchase them, although no duty
were assessed onthein.
The senator urges as another reason for an essential mod-
ification of the act of 1842, considered as a revenue bill, that
it will not raise a sum sufficient to meet the expenditures
of the government, according to the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury. I do not propose now to con
siderthat report with reference to the estimates of the re-
ceipts and expenditures. With all due respect to the opin-
ions of the Secretary, I am satisfied that his estimates ol re-
ceipts are much too low, and tke estimates of expenditures
beyond what are necessary or proper. I have prepared,
after carcful examination, a statement which I think will
prove to be correct, that the existing tariff will raise suffi-
cient means to defray all outstanding appropriations, and
all which ought to be made, and leave a balance in the
treasury at the end of the fiscal year 1844-45, of more than
a million of dollars. I believe the receipts from the cus-
toms will exceed by two and a half or three millions the
estimates. But I do not purpose to examine this subject at
this time. It will he in place hereafter, when the appropria-
tion bills are before us. But suppose the act will not raise
sufficient revenue, will a reduction of duties produce this
effect? This is the point of the argument. The act is to be
modified, because the high duties prevent importations and
diminish revenue What has been our experience under
the operation of this act * Has not the revenue from cus-
toms increased during the past year, and is it not still in-
creasing—amounting to nearly two millions at New York in
January, and probably about the same amount during the
present month? What was the practical opeiation of high
and low duties on the article of iron7 A. friend has enabled
me to answer this question. During three years of what
are denominated high duties, 1831, 1632, and 1833, the duties
paid on hammered, rolled, sheet, hoop, and pig iron, and
steel, were $5,020,315. During three years of the reduced
duties, 1838, 1S39, and 1840, the amount received on the im-
portation of the foregoing articles, (deducting drawbacks
on railroad iron,) was $2,862,891, a difference in three \ ears
of $2,137,424; an "average yearly of $712,441.
What has been the'experience of Great Biitain7 Upon
the introduction by Sir Robert Peel into the British Parlia-
ment of his new tariff', he says:
"I have looked with considerable attention to the effect
produced by a reduction of taxation, upon articles of con-
siderable consumption; and T do perceivc that m many cases
that elasticity which gives, after the lapse of time, increased
revenue; but m almost every instance—in all, I believe,
without exception- the space of time which elapses after
the reduction of taxation, before the same amount of ieve-
nue is realized, is very considerable. Let us take the case
of wine. In 1825 the revenue derived from wine was
.£2 ] 53,000* the duty was reduced from 9s. l}d. to 4s 2^d the
gallon, and m the next year after the reduction of the duty,
there was a falling off of the duty from £2,100,000 to £l,400. 
000. In the next year the duty amounted to £1.600,000; m
the subsequent years to £1 700,000 £1,400,000, .£1,500,000;
and the duty has never realized its former amount. Upon
tobacco the duty was reduced from 4s to 3s per pound.
Previously to the reduction of the duty, the revenue derived
from tobacco amounted to £3.379,000; and immediately af-
ter the reduction there was a falling off, it fell from £3,300,-
000 to £2,fi00,000; then it rose to £2,800,000; and in the fol-
lowing years it realized £2,700,000, £2,800,000, £2.900,000,
and again £2,900,000, but the duty on tobacco has never re-
covered its former amount. The case generally relied on as
showing the advantage of a reduction of duty < n articles of
consumptionisthatofcoffee. The duty on coffee was dimin-
ished from Is. per lb. to 6d per lb. This was in 1824,when the
revenue received from coffee amounted to £420,000; in the
next year after the reduction, the amount of duty fell to
£336,000; then it rose to £399,000; and in the thiid year the
duty recovered itself and has gone on advancing. Still, even
m this instance of coffee, which is by far the most favorable
case, a period of three years elapsed before the full amount
of duty was realized. The duty on hemp was reduced from
9s lOd*. per cw t. to 4s. 8d , at the time of the reduction, the
revenue derived from hemp was £236,000, and since then
hemp has never yet paid but half that amount of duty. In
the case of rum there was an increase of revenue after the
reduction of duty from 12s. 2d. per gallon to 8s. 6d. The du-
ty on sugar was reduced from 27s. perewt to 24s. per cwt.;
at the time of reduction the revenue derived from sugar
amounted to £4,896,000; it then fell to $4,600,000, to £4,300,-
000, and then rose to £4,500,000; and it has never since paid
the same amount of duty. I do not think I need go through
the whole of the articles in detail in which a reduction of
duty has taken place. In addition to tobacco, hemp, sugar,
and the articles 1 have mentioned, the duty was also de-
duced on glass, beer, soap, paper, on newspapers and adver-
tisements; but I think I need not refer to all these articles,
in detail. In many of these cases there has been no consid-
erable reduction of the amount of duty; but with the excep-
tion of coffee, which realized the full amount of duty in the
third year after the reduction, and rum, there is not a single
article the duty on which has recovered itself within a pe-
riod of five or six years after a considerable reduction.
Therefore, on this ground, I am led to believe that, with re-
spect to the present deficiency of the revenue, which it is
necessary to supply, you cannot look to that supply from a
mere reduction of duty upon articles of consumption; and
that, if you resort to that as the only means of supplying
the deficiency, you must make up your minds to continue
the system, which I thought you ready to abjure, namely,
to have recourse 10 loans, and those other devices I have
before alluded to, for the purpose of making up the deficien-
cy."
The fourth proposition of the senator is, that a duty im-
posed on the imported article raises the price; that the ex-
isting tariff benefits the manufacturer only, at the expense
of the producer and consumer; that the farmer pays an ad-
ditional duty on the American manufactured article, when
there is one competing with the foreign article, and gets
no remunerating return; that he pays as consumer and
producer, and thus is doubly taxed, both by the amount of
the duty on the imported aiticle, and by the increased price
of the article manufactured here, and tables of prices are
exhibited to show this result. Among those articles is
that of coffee. This is not a very happy illustration of the
argument of the senator; for, although the revenue was
increased in Great Britain in three years after a reduction
of the duty in 1824, yet if there had been a competition
in the market with respect t& the article, the price would
have fallen and the revenue increased without a diminu-
tion of the duty. And as to the effect of duties on this arti-
cle in the United States, perhaps there is no one which fur-
nishes a better example of a duty paid by the producer than
this. I believe that the imposition of a duty has seldom if
ever substantially raised the price here. The foreign pro-
ducer has submitted to and paid it. But this argument,
which is intended to sustain the fabric of free trade, an<l
overthrow the policy of protection, deserves another an-
swer, which I will put into a condensed form. So far as our
citizens are consumers of foreign articles, they pay accord-
ing to their consumption, and in this there is certainly no
inequality. As consumers, too, there is entire justice
done to all by the act of 1842, taken as a whole. They
do not always pay the duty. In some cases all of it
is paid by the foreign producer, and then the duty-
does not affect the price at all. In other cases, it
falls both upon the producer and consumer; and
where it is a tax on the consumer only, it is not partial
m its operation, nor does it increase the price when viewed
as d. permanent measure of policy. If the price be at first
raised, it falls again by means of competition; and such has
been the uniform experience of the country in regard to al«
most everything which is the production of labor and skill,
where the fostering care of the government has been .ex
tended to the protection of the domestic article—as cottons,
woollens, floor-cloths, sugar, nails, iron, leather, paper, and
most other productions of American industry. Indeed, such
has been the operation of the existing tariff", that, with few
exceptions, prices have not increased by reason of the im-
position of a duty. The prices current of cotton goods,
leather, salt, coal, cordage, &c., at different periods, will
show this. The manufacturers, under the benign operation
of the act, have not been enabled to realize much if any
higher prices, but it has revived business, and thus opened
a market for goods which would otherwise have remained
in the warehouse. And as to British hardware, about which
there has been much unfounded complaint as to the high
duties on it, by reason of the suppression of facts by im-
porters, it is said, and I believe with truth, that in most cas?s
of articles competing with those made here the increased
duty has been paid by the foreigner, and he has been
obliged to submit to a reduction in price nearly, if notquite,
equivalent to the increase of duty; and where there "has
been no competition, as in articles of fine cutlery, the for-
eignei lias, advanced the price to increase his profits to be
paid by us Again; if there were no manufactures of these
articles, and the foreign producer enjoyed the monopoly of
our market, how long would the pr^ce continue reduced?
Wouldjhe not laise it at his pleasure if we were dependent
on him, and be limited onlj by our wants and our ability to
purchase? If there were no salt w orks, no sugar planta-
tions, no cotton or woollen, or leather, orpaper, or iron, or
glas<, or b^ass manufactures in the "United States, would
the present prices of any of these articles continue? Would
not the foreigner fix his own price, increasing it as his ava-
rice dictated, and compel us to pay it? There is, however,
a principle applicable to this subject, to which I have before
alluded, and which is more important than all I have said.
It is this: in consequence of the protection afforded,. Ike
ability of all to buy is created or increased, for the protec-
tion gives employment, and that furnishes the mtmey to
purchase.
The senator says again, that a country, to "he prosperous,
must have commercial intercourse with other nations; thai
she must buy and sell; and that there appears to be an in-
creased desire on the part of foreign governments to trade
with us on more liberal terms. Especially, that GreatBrit-
ain has manifested such a disposition, which, instead of
meeting with a corresponding liberality on our part, has
been met with this oppressive act ot 1842. I am su?e it will
be news to the people of the United States to learn that
Great Britain is disposed to relax her rigid system of pro-
tection at all. especially with the view of giving a sew ver-
sion to her doctrine of free trade. So far from it, she ad-
heres, with a pertinacity which nothing can overcome, to
her old system and her old doctrines. The evidence of this
is to be found m her acts of Parh^mentj her orders in
