748
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
has been a progressive and unexampled reduction in
the price of manufactures all over the world sincel816;
nd although the reduction has been less in the United
States, by 25 per cent., than in Great Britain, it is a
prevailing fallacy that the reduction here has been
produced by high duties on foreign manufactues.
If, after twenty-eight years of protection, our man-
ufacturers cannot meet their foreign competitors
with the protection afforded by a system of revenue
duties, when shall we realize the promised blessing
of obtaining domestic manufactures cheaper than
we can import them from abroad? For twenty-
eight years, we have been steadily receding from
that millenium instead of advancing to it, as the
successive additions to our protective duties practi-
cally and historically prove. So that the great
historical fact of the honorable senator from Maine
turns out to be something less than no fact at all.
I now propose to expose this stereotyped fallacy—
that high duties produce low prices—to the test of a
philosophical analysis. The honorable senator from
Maine has repeatedly said, in the course of this de-
bate, that the price of manufactures, as of every-
thing else, depends upon supply and demand. This
is very true, as to those temporary fluctuations- in
price which result from the accidental increase of
the supply beyond the demand, or of the demand
beyond the supply. But that senator well knows
that the permanent price of every commodity de-
pends exclusively upon the cost of production. No
man will continue to produce a commodity which will
not commands price that will indemnify him for the
expenditures incurred in producing it. Now, there
are three great elements that constitute the price of
every manufacture. These are,' the wages of labor,
the profits of capital, and the cost'of the raw mate-
rial. ■ Now, I propose to inquire what is the effect
of the protective system on each of these three ele-
ments. And, first, is it not the avowed design and
obvious effect of this system to enhance the wages
of the labor engaged in producing manufactures?
The great and boasted merit of the system is its
tendency to protect labor, by increasing the wages
of the laborer—not for a day or a year, but perma-
nently. Take away this merit, and you dissolve
the charm by which the people have been
deluded, even in the manufacturing States, and
the whole fabric will tumble into ruins. I readily
admit, what the manufacturer^ so incessantly pro-
claim, that the protective system does permanently
increase the wages of manufacturing labor. Let us
now inquire what is the effect of „tlie protective sys-
tem «pon the profits of the capital invested in the
manufacturing business. That the design and the
effect of this system is to enhance the profits of cap-
ital, is avowed by the manufacturers, and is, indeed,
a self-evident proposition. They solemnly declare
to you that they cannot make any profit at all, but
will be brought to utter ruin, even if we should re-
duce the duties to a fair revenue standard. And
when we look to actual results, we find that the pro-
tected manufacturers are now realizing enormous
and unexampled profits. What, then, is the effect
of the protective system on the price of the raw
material? As to wool, iron, and hemp, they are all
protected by the highest rate of duties, and the price
is obviously enhanced, as well'by these duties, as
by the increase of the wages of labor, and the prof-
its of capital engaged, in producing them. And,
even as to raw cotton, the honorable senator from
Rhode island [Mr. Simmons] gave us the comforting
assurance that the price had been raised by the tariff
of 1842!! Now, sir, I have demonstrated, and the
manufacturers and their advocates here affirm, that
the cffect and design of the protective system is to
increase the wages of labor, the profits of capital,
and the price of the raw material—every one of the
elements constituting the cost of production; and
yet, by some incomprehensible and supernatural
process, that same protective system actually re-
duces the price of manufactures!! In the annals of
human delusion and superstition, 1 do not believe
there can be found a more stupendous imposture
than that which I have thus exposed.
Mr. President, it was profoundly remarked by a
great mathematician, whose name 1 have forgotten,
though I think he lived in the age of Archtmtdes,
that two and two make four; and though this prop-
osition has been ably controverted by Dean Swilt
and other wnteis, 1 iaelinc, after lev.ewing the
whole arguments, to agiee with Sliakspeare that "to
prove that uvo and two make four is a very pretty
argument." It was also the remark of another
great philosopher that all the parts are equal to the
whole; and conversely, that the whole i* equal t«
all the parts. But you will at once perceive that
these great philosophers knew nothing of the pro-
found mysteries of the protective system. For it
is an established and fundamental doctrine, upon
which this great system securely reposes, that you
may double all the parts, and yet diminish the whole.
What incalculable blessings would the honorable
senators over the way confer upon the starving op-
eratives of England, if they would reveal to them
this great discovery!
But when senators are driven from all their other
defences, they contend that this reduction of prices
under -a system which increases the cost of produc-
tion, is produced by the extraordinary stimulus given
to domestic competition, by excluding the foreign
competitor, who can pay a revenue duty at the
custom-house, and still undersell the domestic man-
ufacturer. This is ccrtainly a strange mode of in-
creasing competition, with a view to reduce prices.
If the object of the competition were to see who
could sell highest, the means would be not badly
adapted to the end.
But, Mr. President, I am literally worn down in
contending with these intellectual phantoms by
grave argument. They constantly elude the grasp
of reason, and "vanish into thin air." For the
sake, therefore, of obtaining for myself, and" afford-
ing to the Senate, some relaxation frorp these ab-
struse disquisitions, I propose to furnish a practical
illustration of this idea of domestic competition
which every body can understand. To proceed,
then: I have a personal friend, who has been
engaged in raising and training horses for the turf,'
for about 20 years—nearly as long as this system of
high protection has been in operation. He inherited
a very superior stock of native American horses, and
has all his life labored under the delusion—of which
neither experience nor adversity can cure him—
that the native stock of race horses, if properly
managed, is superior to the best strain of imported
horses. It has so happened, that in a racing career
of 20 years, he has never won asingle race, even by
accident. Yet he is as sanguine as ever. On one
occasion, I met his trainer, who was a black servant,
leaving the race course with his horses, all of them
having been disgracefully beaten. I slid to him,
"how does it happen, Pompey, that-with such a
superior-stock of horses you never win a race?"
"Ah's datvery true," said the trainer, with an air of
triumph, "our horses can't run wid dese 'ported
horses you call 'Dolphin, 'Rabian; but I tell you
what dey can do: dey can beat one another all to
pieces. 'And it would do' your heart good to see
dat bay filly, Anti-tariff, beat dat clumsy black
horse we call Protection."
Now, Mr. President, it has occurred to me, that
1 can put my unlucky friend upon a plan by which
he will be as successful hereafter as he has been
hitherto unforunate. I propose, then, if my honor-
able friends on the other side of the house think it a
feasible scheme, to recommend to my friend, when
I return home, to apply to the jockey club of South
Carolina for a protective tariff, by which it shall be
enacted that every horse of foreign blood, or in
whose veins foreign blood is the material of chief
value, shall carry 40 per cent, more weight than his
domestic competitors. With this advantage, giving,
as it obviously would, an immense stimulus to do-
mestic competition, it can scarcely be doubted that
the speed of my friend's horses would be soon
brought up to the-highest standard so as to defy for-
eign competition. B t I would apply the protective
principle not only to the weight of the rider, but to
the distance to be run. For example, it should be pro-
vided in the act, (in strict ccnfoimity to our mini-
mum clauses,) that when a native homebred horse
shall have run three miles, he shall be deemed and
held to have run the four, while the foreign compe-
titor shall run the full distance. Under this high
protection, I might almost venture to assure my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] that he
could come upon the turf successfully with his cele-
brated breed of Conestoga dray horses; foi although
I have not been able to find, after carefully consult-
ing the racing annals of Pennsylvania, a single in-
stance on record of one of this strain of race horses
making greater speed than three mi.es an !iour under
the severest pressure, yet if there be any truth ill the
doctrines of high protection and domestic competi-
tion, they would hardly fail, in the short period of
56 years", to excced all foreign competitors, as much
as "the iron master of Pennsylvania now exceed
those of England and Wales, particularly in railroad
iron, which, if I am correctly informed, they cannot
make ftt all.
But 1 proceed to consider another argument rela-
tive to competition and low prices, advanced by the
senator from Massachasett's, [Mr. Bates,] which is
"extraordinary if true." He affirms very confi-
dently that the manufacturers of certain descriptions
of cotton goods can now produce and sell them
cheaper than they can be sold in Manchester, and
yet that the admission of the foreign fabrics under a
revenue duty would totally prostrate the domestic
establishments engaged in producing similar articles!
And yet the honorable senator as confidently affirms-
that, if Great Britain should be so blind as to admit
these Lowell manufactures under a system of free
trade, it would, in like manner, prostrate th factories
ofManchester! Now, this argument has the double
merit of being quite impartial and of working .both
ways.- I recollect to have somewhere read, when I
was a boy, of a country in which the rivers run both
ways; but having acquired a slight smattering of
hydrostatics,, I did not then believe it. But tlis
well-stated and apparently - well-considered argu-
ment of the honorable senator has induced me to
think that this hydrostatic phenomenon may not
have been & mere traveller's story. It certainly
goes farther to prove that free trade is a system of
mutual destruction than anything I have ever heard,
except a memorable battle between two celebrated
cats which I have read in a.very authentic work on
Irish chivalry, from which I have extracted a brief
and graphic account of this extraordinary and event-
ful combat for the information of the Senate.
"In the year 1633," says this woik," "there were in the
town of Kilkenny two extraordinary cats, remarkable for
their powers of destruction. Each of them had gone through
a career of victorious contests, and had never failed to de-
stroy and devour his adversary. But it had so happened
that they had never been brought into contact. Prompted
by thai restless spirit of benevolent partisanship which
never fails to bring two neighboring bullies together, the
good people of Kilkenny published and proclaimed that ona
certain day a pitched battle would take place between these
two illustrious champions. On the appointed day, the Irish
people assembled from great distances to witness the contest,
as the people of ancient Greece assembled to witness the
Olympic games. "When tne fatal hour arrived, after duo
proclamation by the heralds, the combatants were thrown
into the ring; and after fighting for five mortal minutes
amidst the intense excitement of the surrounding multitude,
they both suddenly disappeared, leaving not a vestige be-
hind. And while the spectators stood mute with astonish-
ment, an Irishman from Cork leaped over the lists, ar.d ex-
claimed with an air of triumph, -there now, did you not see
how that was done' Paddy O'Kaferty is no true son of Arin
if they.did'nt ate each other up.' "
Mr. President, I beg Senators to consider that this
is no laughing matter. It points a high moral,
and an awful warning to the world.' It fully con-
firms the argument of the honorable Sef#ttor from
Massachusetts; and if all the nations of the earth
should, rashly establish a mutual free trade, who
knows at what moment they might experience the
dismal fate of the two Kilkenny cats!
On the ,31st, Mr. McD. concluded his remarks, a:s
follows:
Mr. President: In the remarks I had the honor
to submit'yesterday, I attempted to show that the
historical review of the protective system, to which
our attention was invoked by the senators from
Massachusetts, as well as the philosophical analy-
sis of prices abroad and at home, demonstrate con-
clusively that our manufacturers are further behind
their foreign competitors, at this moment, and less
capable of maintaining a competition with them,
than at aoy former period. And especially that
since 1816, the price of domestic manufactures has
been steadily rising, as compared with the price of
rival foreign manufactures. This I proved by the
steady and progressive increase of the protective
duties, at short intervals, under the solemn assu-
rances of our manufacturers, in every instance, that
the increased duties were necessary to save them
from rum.
In resuming the discussion, I propose to notice,
very briefly, some of the arguments of other sena-
tors. And first, the senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Rives,] who principally confined his argument to
the constitutional power of Congress to impose pro-
tective duties. He contends that the power "to
regulate commerce with foreign nations," involves
the right to protect domestic manufactures bv re-
strictions upon that commerce. If the honorable
senator had looked into the popular discussions
which gave rise to the conve.iion at Annapo-
lis, he would have seen that the great object of
calling that convention was to regulate foreign
commerce; not with a view to promote domestic
manufactures at the expense of that commerce, but
to promote, encourage, and defend it, by measures
