May, 1844,
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
The Tariff—Mr. MeDuffie.
Senate.
' calculated to accomplish that object. The power
to regulate commerce, upon any rational principle
of interpretation, is a power to protect commerce,
as fnuch so as if the word "protect" had been used
instead of the word ''regulate." I challenge the
senator from Virginia to produce an instance in the
debates of the convention, of a member of that body
avowing that the protection'of domestic manufac-
tures was one of the objects for which the power to
regulate commerce was conferred upon Congress.
Every senator well knows that the main purpose of
conferring this power to regulate commerce was to
harmonize the conflicting, regulations of the States,
which could only be done by a commom authority.
It was to give uniformity to our system of commer-
cial regulations. Indeed. Mr. President, if there
was any one great national interest which it was the
leading object of the framers of the constitution to
encourage and extend, it was foreign commerce.
The States were amply competent to foster and pro-
tect all the other great interests. What, then, can
be more perfectly monstrous and unnatural than for
Congress, the special and exclusive guardian ap-
pointed by the constitution to preserve and nourish
foreign commerce, to offer it up as a sacrifice to an-
other interest not committed to it's charge?
But the senator from Virginia has attempted to
sustain his argument by the authority of great
names, and among others by that of Mr. Jefferson.
It is true, 3VIr.* Jefferson at one time believed in the
efficacy of commercial restrictions, as a means of
vindicating, our commercial rights against the injus-
tice and violence of foreign powers. But this sys-
tem of hostile restrictions, like the embargo, was a
substitute for war. Jt was recommended and adopt-
ed as "a war measure. Experience proved its total
inefficacy, and it lm& been abandoned by the whole
country. It has no bearing at all on the question of
protecting domestic manufactures. During, or soon
after, the late war, Mr. Jefferson expressed a wish
to see our manufactures flourish—a wish in which
every patriot must concur. But he said not a word
about extorting contributions from all other classes
to increase the profits of the manufacturers. But in
1825, in a letter to Mr. Giles, he did speak unequiv-
ocally on that point} and I shall quote a single sen-
tence, which is a conclusive answer to the argument
of the senator from Virginia:
"Underthe power to regulate commerce, they assume in-
definitely .that also over agriculture and manufactures; and
call it regulation to take the earning of one of those branch-
es of industry, and that, too, the most depressed, and
put them into-the"pockets of the other, the most flourishing
of all.,}
This emphatic denunciation had direct reference
to the tariff of 1824, then recently passed. With
what accumulated force does it apply to the tariff of
1842, which adds from 50 to 100 per cent, to that of
1824? In a letter to Mr. Madison in 1826 he speaks
of "thegeneral prostration of farming business, un-
der levies for the support of manufactures," as con-
tributing to his own pecuniary embarrassment and
ruin. Now, I take it for granted that the senator
from Virginia will never again appeal to the author-
ity of this great and illustrious statesman, to sus-
tahvthe "new views" 'which seem to have been re-
cently revealed to him on this subject, so directly
opposed to- the uniform course of Virginia for
twenty years, and to his' own course since I first
had the pleasure to unite my efforts with his, in op-
position to the tariff of 1824.
But the clause of the constitution under which
the power to impose protective duties is most gen-
erally claimed, is that which authorizes Congress to
impose duties for the purpose of raising revenue.
That a power conferred for one purpose distinctly
expressed, may be legitimately exercised for another,
ana even inconsistent purpose, is a doctrine too ab-
surd to be openly avowed, however it may be
practised. This power of protecting domestic man-
ufactures by high duties, therefore, is broxight now
into operation under the plausible and insidious
guise of a revenue tariff. In 1824 and 1S28, the
manufacturers came forward boldly, with "protection
and prohibition" inscribed on their banner. But
they found that the people would not submit to
open robbery. They yielded to the compromise
act to avoid a worse fate. In 1842, when I saw the
new system of tactics, which grew out of the Union
between southern and northern whigs—when I
heard Southern nullifiers declaring that the manu-
facturers wanted no protection beyond that which a
revenue tariff would afford; and above all, when I
saw that the protective tariff of 1842, the foulest of all
the brood, was entitled "An act for providing rev-
enue," I became at once impressed with the mag- ,
nitude of the danger to which the whole agricultural,
and particularly the exporting interest of the coun-
try_ was imminently exposed. The people of the
United States may be swindled out of their rights
by artful devices and false tokens; but they will
-never submit to open and undisguised oppression
and injustice. They may be betrayed by a false
flag hoisted by an artful enemy, but never-conquer-
ed in a fail- fight in the open field. I confess, Mr.
President, I was greatly alarmed when I saw the
manufacturers violating the compact of 1833, by
which they stipulated to - be satisfied with a fixed
but libeial contribution from all other classcs, and
then sdding fraud and deception to bad faith, by re-
commencing their piracies under the flag of a consti-
tutional revenue tariff. With this view of the subject,
I opened the debate on this, measure by drawing the
distinctive line which separates a revenue from a
protective duty; and I now reaffirm what I then sta-
ted, and which has not been answered, that the
revenue standard is the lowest rate of duty that will
raise the requisite amount of revenue. I also affirm-
ed, and it has not been denied, that an average duty
of 20 per cent, upon all foreign imports would yield
not only a sufficient revenue, but a larger amount
than the present tariff; and how is this^answered?
Why, the senator from Maine says, any tariff that,
upon the whole, will yield sufficient revenue, is a
revenue tariff. If this be not a bright idea, it is cer-
tainly a new one. If we suppose a tariff which
prohibits, by some one-half, the imports we now
receive from foreign countries, and lays duties upon
the other half sufficient for the purposes of revenue,
this, according to the senator's definition, would be
a revenue tariff! You positively prohibit and ex-
clude one-half the imports in this case to "raise
revenue!'" Absurd as this would be, it differs not
very widely from the tariff of 1842; for I shall here-
after show -that it is a more, prohibitive and op-
pressive tariff than any we have ever had—not ex-
cepting that of 1828. Now, if the supporters of this
measure think they can make oppression a sweet
morsel, instead of a bitter pill, by changing its
name—if they suppose they can alter the flavor of a
fish geranium by calling it a rose, or of asafcetida
by calling it frankincense, they will hardly succeed
with a people who "snuff tyranny in the tainted
gale." They have certainly reversed the policy
pursued by Great Britain towards the colonies du-
ring the revolution. If Mr. Burke be good authori-
ty, the British ministry, after being compelled, by
public opinion, to repeal the obnoxious taxes, re-
tained the preamble, by way of asserting the power
of Parliament, and the dignity of the crown. Now
our republican Congress have certainly made a vast
improvement upon the British -Parliament in the
business of* unconstitutional and oppressive taxa-
tion. They very prudently give up the title, but
not only retain the obnoxious taxes, but greatly in-
crease them ! It remains to be seen whether the
people of the United States are as much below their
forefathers in the spirit of liberty, as a republican
Congress is above a British Parliament in the art of
oppression.
in the course of the remarks I first offered to the
Senate in favor of this bill, I admitted that certain
discriminations might be made in the rates of duty
upon strict revenue pi'inciples. For example. I
said a lower rate of duty ought to be im-
posed upon coarse manufactures consumed by the
poorer classes, than upon foreign fabrics consumed
by the wealthier classes; and the honorable
senator from Georgia, who I am sorry not to see in
his place, with all the zeal of a new convert, seizes
upon the admission as a full concession of the protect-
ive power to Congress. For, says the senator, this
is substantially protecting the poor by a sort of pub-
lic charity. ! confess, sir, I was not prepared to
hear this argument from any quarter, much less
from the senator from Georgia. I have always sup-
posed that it was a first principle m every system of
equitable taxat-on, to distribute the burdens imposed
upon the people as nearly as possible in propor-
tion to their ability to pay, or to the property they
hold under the protection of the government. In
this view, it would be just and equitable so to ar-
range the taxes that they should fall, if it were prac-
ticable. upon the holders of property exclusively,
entirely exempting those who ha\e no property and
live on the wages of then* daily labor. Upon this
principle, the members of the firtfc Congress avowed
and "iciedupon the principle of laying the heaviest
duties on luxuries. And in laying internal duties,
the same principle has always prevailed. For ex-
ample: pleasure carriages are highly taxed; while
road and farm wagons are entirely exempted. And
all these discriminations are. made with strict regard
to the true principles of revenue and taxation. Now,
sir, after this brief exposition, I leave the honorable
senator from Georgia to make the most of his grand
discovery. And if, as he seems to suppose, he has
discovered a mare's nest, I think he will find, upon
re-examination, that it is entirely'empty. And laugh
though he may—and I should be the last to deprive
him of that innocent and harmless gratification—he
certainly will not laugh at the eggs. That honor-
able senator very earnestly deprecated the attempt to
disturb the slumbers or mar the symmetry of the
tariff of 1842, because he said it would derange the
whole revenue system of the country! Now, sir, aa
the Senate must recollect the distinguished part acted
by the honorable senator in accordance with the
unanimous opinion of Georgia and the whole South
and Southwest, against the tariff of 1832,1 propose to
exhibit brief comparison of that with the present
tariff, for the information of the whole country. I
confess, Mr. President, that when I was induced by
the unexpected course of the senator from Georgia
to make this comparative analysis, I was utterly as-
tonished at the result. I am sure the country will
be astonished when I state it. I have, then, a state-
ment in my hand, embracing seventy-five articles
and classes of articles, showing an average
increase of, duties by the act of 1842,
beyond those of 1832, almost sufficient, of itself, to
make a revenue tariff sufficient for the wants of an
economical government. 1 offer a few specifica-
tions by way of illustration. By the act of 1832,
the duty on plain kerseys and kendal cottons,
used for negro clothing, was 5 per cent.; by the act
of 1842, it was#raised to 40 per cent. On negro
blankets the duty was raised from 5 to 15 per cent;
on worsted stuff goods, constituting a large propor-
tion of our imports of woollen manufactures, the
duty was raised from 10 to 30 per cent.; upon vari-
ous descriptions of ready-made clothing for men,
women, and children, the duty, was raised from 25
to 50 per cent.; upon floor matting, from 5 to 25 per
cent.; upon wood screws, from 30 to a specific duty
amounting to 87 percent.; upon brass battery kettles,
sauce-pans, &c., from 25 to 45 and 50 per cent.;
upon cotton bagging, from 3; cents the running
yard, or 3 cents a square yard, to 4 cents a square
yard; upon gunny ana other sorts of bagging, now
extensively used, from 15 per cent, to 5 cents a
square yard, which is equal to at least 50 per cent,
on all descriptions-of bagging; upon trace chains,
from 25 to 100 per cent.; and, to give point to the
whole, the duty upon pins is raised from 25 to 75
per cent. But the greatest and most enormous in-
crease is upon the entire class of cotton manufac-
tures. I hold in my hand a memorial, presented to
Congress in 1842, showing that the cost of cotton
manufactures in Manchester, since 1832, was re-
duced upon an average of 40 per cent. Under the
minimum system, therefore, of square yard duties,
the rate ad valorem would have been enhanced 80
per cent., in 1842, by the mere fall in the foreign
cost of cotton manufactures. But the actual rate of
ad valorem duty, imposed upon an increased arti-
ficial valuation, was raised from 25 to 30 per cent,
in 1842; and, by all these combined causes, the state-
ment of the JNew Yoik merchants is completely
confirmed, that the average rate of duties imposed
by the act of 1842, upon all cotton manufactures,
was double that imposed by the act of 1832. But
these are mere specimens. The list of articles on
which specific duties are substituted for ad valorem
duties, includes some two hundred; and it will be
invariably found, that whenever an ad valorem is
changed for a specific duty, the purpose is to dis-
guise and increase the rate, with a view to protec-
tion. But, Mr. President, I have not yet finished
this comparative tiew. By the act of 1842, the
system of cash duties was substituted for the credit
system, which had always prevailed before; which
is fully equal to an addition of 5 percent, to .all the
duties imposed by that act. Such, sir, are these two
tariffs; "the counterfeit presentment of two broth-
ers,5' sprung from the .same prrentage, and doomed,
I hope and confidently trust, to the same death.
Now, the question naturally arises, by what ex-
traordinary revelations have the senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Berrien,] and the senator from Virginia,
[Mr. RnEb]—who is so much opposed to "new
views'1 on great national measures—been induced
to support a system, now aggravated bevond all
previous example, which for twenty years Virginia
and Georgia, under the lead of those honorable
senators, have concurred in denouncing, withouf
