750
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
Stay, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
division of party, as "unjust, unconstitutional, and
oppressive?'.' The honorable senator from Georgia
has stated the grounds of his change. It seems,
sir, that he was converted by a sermon delivered by
the honorable senator from Maine, in which he
demonstrated, or rather revealed the fact, that the
revenue derived from imports -would be actually in-
creased by excluding those imports, for the extraor-
dinary reason that, by increasing the price of man-
ufactures, you would give the people the means of
consuming a much larger quantity of them!! Now,
sir, since the honorable senator has made upN his
mind to leave the republican church of State rights
and free trade, and join the high federal church of
monopoly and protection, I am sorry that he has
not been able (to use a phrase peculiar to the Bap-
tist church, in which I was brought up) to "give in
a better experience."
But his conversion certainly proves two things
very conclusively. In the first place, it shows how
much may be accomplished in converting men from
the error of their ways by what is called in Scrip-
ture "the foolishness of preaching." And, in the
second place, considering that the honorable senator
is on the shady side of the first grand climacteric,
it fully confirms the consolatory assurance contained
in one of Watts's hymns, that
""Whilst the lamp holds out to burn,
The vilest sinner may return."
Yes, sir, the honorable senator, after having wan-
dered for many years from the federal fold, even into
the sinful,ways of free trade, is now received as
a member of the catholic federal church,, in full
communion.
I now propose to show that ^ie honorable sena-
tor is strong m the faith of his new creed, by ex-
amining some of his arguments. In the first place,
he considers the present a genuine revenue tariff,
which it would be exceedingly unwise to disturb,
though it is much more prohibitive and oppressive
than any of its predecessors. He has also made a
discovery in the occult mysteries of the protective
system, which is a new application of one of the
principles laid down by the senator from Maine.
That senator had contended that our protective du-
ties were really paid by the foreign producer. But
as it was shown that this could not be done without
reducing the price abroad below the cost of produc-
tion, which was already at the lowest point, he
abandoned the position as indefensible. But the'
senator from' Georgia gave a new application of the
argument, contending that the producers of rice and
tobacco here actually pay the taxes levied upon these
exports at the custom-houses of foreign countries.
Now, as this is a very important argument, if
well-founded, I propose to bring it to the test of a
practical analysis. It is known that the duty paid
at'the British custom-houses on all imported tobacco
is seventy-two cents a pound, or three shillings
sterling. That this duty is actually paid at the
British custom-house, an-annual revenue of twenty
millions of dollars is pretty conclusive evidence.
Now the senator says this enormous tax really falls
upon the -producers of tobacco. The price of to-
bacco in this country is five dollars a hundred
pounds at our ports of exportation. By what pro-
cess, then, the senator from Georgia can get a tax of
seventy-two cents a pound from the tobacco planter,
when he only receives five cents a pound, is what
utterly baffles my arithmatic. To be sure, if we
ascend to the higher regions of algebra and fluxions,
we may substract seventy-two from five, which
leaves the tobacco planter minus sixty-seven ! And
accordingly it follows that, if the new theory of the
honorable senator be sound, the tobacco planters of
country not only lose the whole of the tobacco they
send to Great Britain, but sixty-seven cents a pound
besides!
But the senator will perhaps say, that if the
British duty on tobacco were repealed, seventy-two
cents a pound would be added to the price of tobacco
in this country. Let us examine the question in
this aspect. Tobacco would then be raised from
five to seventy-seven cents a pound. . One laborer,
even, in South Carolina, on good soil, can annually
produce four thousand pounds; which, at seventy-
seven cent'1 a pound, which would yield the mod-
erate income of $3,080 for every laborer. My own
income would be at once raised from eight or ten to
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars per annum.
Really, Mr. President,! think the senator from Geor-
gia is already entitled to a very high place among the -
preachers in the church of high protection, and
might be very advantageously sent as a missionary
to the South, to convert "the heathen." I now pro-
ceed to notice an argument which has been re-
peatedly used in the course of this -debate, and
which is one of the staple arguments of the pro-
tective system. Referring to the high duties im-
posed by-foreign governments upon some of our
exported productions, it is triumphantly asked, if
we' can afford to give free trade in exchange for
high duties and prohibitions?. As I consider this one
of the mo3t plausible and imposing, and at the same
time, unfounded and delusive, of all the arguments
upon which the protective system is placed by'its
advocates, I ask the attention of the Senate, while
I attempt to dissect and expose it. Take, then, the
grievous case of the high duty imposed upon to-
bacco in Great Britain, and the royal monopoly in
France. It is admitted that these foreign duties and
monopolies violate none of our international rights,
nor afford the slightest ground of complaint against
Great Britain or France. They are imposed
with the view of raising revenue from a vul-
gar luxury, in every view one of the most proper
subjects of taxation. Experience has conclusively
shown that countervailing high duties, imposed by
our government upon the imports of British and
French manufactures, -will have no effect towards
inducing, those countries to -repeal or reduce their
duties on tobacco. Now, sir, what I venture to af-
firm is, that upon every sound view of national poli-
cy and political economy, these foreign duties and
restrictions do not diminish in the slightest degree
the inducements of this country to maintain a-sys-
tem of free trade with France and Great Britain.-
Indeed, it may be said with truth, that the more the
foreign market for our tobacco is restricted by for-
eign duties, the stronger is the reason that the to-
bacco planter should be permitted to make the most
he can out of the market that is left to him, by ex-
empting the foreign manufactures he receives for his
tobacco from high duties when imported into the
United States. The effect produced by foreign du-
ties in limiting the demand for our productions, is
precisely similar to the same result produced by
natural or moral causes, and should be treated in
precisely the same way. If Great Britain should
make such improvements in agriculture as to be
able to produce one' half the quantity of tobacco
which she now imports from the United States; or if
Father Matthew should persuade the people of that
country that the use of tobacco led to intemperance
in the use of ardent spirits, and should thereby di-
minish the British demand for our tobacco by one
half,—would either of, these circumstances furnish
the slightest motive to lay high duties upon the
manufactures which the tobacco planters could still
obtain for the diminished export of tobacco to Great
Britain? Surely no one will maintain so great an
absurdity. Yet the absurdity is not a whit less of
imposing high duties upon foreign manufactures to
protect the tobacco planter against the high taxes
imposed upon his staple in foreign countries. And
it is both curious and instructive to observe from
what quarter this.outburst of patriotic zeal comes,
for avenging the wrongs of the tobacco planter.
Does it come from them? It is true, sir, that under
the excitement of the canvass of 1340, a conven-
tion of tobacco planters was got up for political pur-
poses, in the hope-of drawing them into the support
of the protective system. But they were not quite
such dupes. The manufacturers, however, came
forward as the dism/ms/ed champions of the tobacco
planters; and how do they propose to provide a rem-
edy? What means of indemnification do they pro-
pose? Mark well, if you please, Mr. President.
They propose to indemnify the planters for the high
duties imposed on their tobacco in Great Britain
and France by imposing another high duty upon
the manufactures they receive for their tobacco? But
the moral is not yet disclosed. For every dollar
that goes out of the pockets of the tobacco planters
by this patriotic duty, three at least go into the pock-
ets of the manufacturers'
Now, allow me to make this a little more palpa-
ble by an illustration. The senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] I assume to be a tobacco planter.
The senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] I
know to be a manufacturer. The former senator, I
will suppose, produces annually sixty hogsheads of
tobacco. Notwithstanding all the foreign duties on
tobacco, the foreign demand is just equal to that of
the whole United States, and the exporters of tobac-
co, of course, rcccive the same price abroad, after
defraying the expenses of exportation (including the
foreign duties) that they obtain at home. It shall be
supposed, then, that the senator from Missouri ex-
ports thirty hogsheads of his crop to Liverpool,
and exchanges them for thirty bales of merchandise.
When he reaches the custom-house at Baltimore,
with his return cargo, he is obliged to sell at least
ten bales of his goods to raise money to pay the du-
ty, having only twenty bales left to carry to Mis-
souri. And what does he get for the thirty hogs*
heads sent to Rhode Island? It is obvious that, as
the senator from Rhode Island will ask the same
Erice for his goods, that similar foreign goods will
ring, after paying the duty, the senator from Mis-
souri will receive only twenty bales of merchan-
dise for his thirty hogshead of tobacco. - And the
grand result of the whole combined- operation is,
that the senator from Missouri has lost twenty bales
of merchandise, of which the price of ten has gone
into the public treasury, and of the other ten into
the pocket of the senator from Rhode Iisland. The
seuator from Missouri, to use his own expressive
ghrase, being as "splendidly bamboozled" as John
ull was in the celebrated lawsuit, carried on at his
expense, for the benefit of his cunning co-part-
ners.
Now, sir, you perceive that this plausible notion
of countervailing foreign duties plainly results in
doubling the burdens of the exporters, who suffer
by them, and conferring bounties, at their expense,
on the manufacturers, who are really benefited by
them; for it is quite obvious that all foreign du-
ties and restrictions upon our export, give just so
much protection to our manufacturers. The English
corn laws, so often referred to as a ground for protec-
ting our domestic manufactures, actually afford to
those manufactures a protection equal to 15 per cent.,
in the competition with their English rivals; and if
these corn laws were repealed to-morrow, our manu-
facturers would make it the ground of appealing to
Congress for additional-protection. I trukt I have
shown that all countervailing duties are purely sui-
cidal as regards the whole country, and grossly un-
just as regards the classes of domestic industry af-
fected by them, except when they are used as a
substitute for war in cases of foreign injustice; and
even then they are generally impotent and mis-
chievous.
I now propose to notice one argument, constantly
presented and reiterated—that the protective system
gives a new and extensive market for the produc-
tions of farming industry. Without dwelling now
upon the assumption—which I shall hereafter show
to be unfounded—that domestic manufactures would
cease, or even be materially diminished, by re-
ducing the duties upon imports to a revenue stand-
ard, I shall compare the actual consumption of farm-
ing productions, by the persons engaged in pro-
ducing manufactures, and by those engaged in pro-
ducing exports and in navigation and-foreign com-
merce. The persons employed m producing pro-
tected manufactures, excluding house-builders, ship-
builders, persons engaged in the milling business,
and others, do not exceed 250,000 in the whole
United States; and yet the senator from Massachu-
setts gravely intimated that the manufacturers of
Massachusetts alone (72,000 all told) furnished a
demand for 600,000 barrels of flour—more than
double the consumption of all the persons engaged
in manufactures in the United States! This is a very
fair specimen of the facts upon which this system of
fraud and delusion is founded. Now, sir, I repeat
to-day, what I stated in 1824, that the city of- New
York alone, with its navigation and commerce,
furnishes a much larger market for human food than
all the manufacturing towns and villages in the
country; But," Sir, when we add to the market
furnished by all our commercial cities that furnish-
ed by all the exporting States of the Union, this
boasted market furnished by the manufacturers
dwindles into comparative insignificance. I was
surprised to hear the senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Dayton] - say that the manufacturers exceeded the
whole population of the slaveholding States.
[Mr. Dayton explained.]
Now, whatever may be the senator's mode of cal-
culation, I can inform him there are four millions of
people, black and white, engaged in the production
of our great staples of exportation, who derive a
large proportion of their supplies of animal food,
mules and horses, from the valley of the Mississippi;
and that South Carolina alone has consumed western
pork in a single year to the amount of $1,500,000.
I believe the annual consumption of all the southern
and southwestern States of these western produc-
tions, amounts now to ten millions of dollars, de-
pressed as our staples are by this protective system;
and that, under a system of moderate revenue du-
ties, both the demand and the price would be in-
