May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t53
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
tion of six millions to consume so large an amount
of manufactures? Now, sir, I must inform
the senator that the only limit to the power
of the exporting States to consume manufac-
tures is the want of means to pay for them. -
And I can further inform him, that every country in
the world, and every State in this Union, annually
consumes the -whole amount of its productions, and
that its wealth is measured by the quantity con-
sumed. The honorable senator argues this question
as if to consume manufactures meant to eat them.
Now, I grant that in this sense, the power of con-
sumption would be very limited, especially of her
iron, hardware, and cutlery. But if the senator
will extend-his view-a little, he _will be satisfied that
to consume a commodity .means nothing more nor
less than to appropriate it to its final use. A plant-
er 'appropriates an income of $20,000 to building
and furnishing a mansion. His income consists in
foreign manufactures, a part of which constitute
the furniture of this mansion'and the clothing of his
family, and the rest are distributed among the ma-
sons, bricklayers, painters, plasterers, and other la-
borers employed in building it. Thus, you see, all
the manufactures which constituted the income of
the planter, are consumed in the current year; and
yet there stands a mansion that will descend to his
posterity for two centuries, and furniture which may
last nearly as long—adding so much to the perma-
nent wealth of the country. Now, if the honora-
ble senator will only imagine that this process'of
improvement shall go- on till every log cabin in the
exporting States shall be converted into a comforta-
ble, pa'inted, and well-furnished cottage, and every
unpainted framed dwelling, with naked floors, un-
curtained windows, and beggarly furniture, into a
tasteful mansion, with suitable furniture, I think he
will have very little difficulty in -finding a solution of
his puzzling problem about consumption. I can
assure him that if the planting'States could produce
4,000,000 bales of cotton, andobtain for them twice
the amount of manufactures they now import, they ,
would not find the slightest difficulty in consuming
the whole of them. The process of substituting a fine
coat for a coarse one would be neither- difficult nor
disagreeable. The true difficulty, is not to find out
ways of consuming the productions of our industry,
but in devising some plan to prevent other people
from consuming them for us.
I come now, Mr- President, to a view of this pro-
tective system connected with the purity, freedom,
and-durability of our institutions. I affirm, then, in
the most unqualified terms, that the unequal distri-
bution of burdens and benefits by this system—im-
posing, as it does, enormous taxes upon certain
classes and geographical subdivisions of the Union,
and conferring corresponding bounties on others,
has totally destroyed the balance of our federal sys-
tem, and converted it into a heartless, mercenary, and
irresponsible despotism. In the great function of
. taxation—the most important of all, and which may
be said to involve all others, responsibility is"utterly
subverted. What security have we, sir—what se-
curity can we have against oppressive taxation, when
the very men who vote the taxes put them into
their own pockets? Sir, this is no figure of speech.
It is literally true. _ There are four States in this
Union—Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania,
and Vermont—having eight senators on this floor and
forty members in the Hou«e of Representatives, who
are unanimously in favor of the tariff of 1843. Ask
each of these senators separately whether the people
of his State gain or lose by that tariff, and he will
put his hand upon his heart, and declare solemnly
that they not only gain by it, but that a reduction of
the duties.to a revenue standard would spread ruin-
and desolation over the whole State. Ask the rep-
resentatives the same question as to their respective
districts, and they will give the same answer. Now,
sir, if this were a delusion on their part it would
not vary the case; for it certainly will never end.
We have been "hoping against hope" for twenty
years for a "returning sense of justice;" and the de-
lusion, if such it be, grows stronger and stronger.
Now, sir, what an empty sound, what a mischiev-
ous and delusive mockery, is it to say to the crush-
ed and expiring victims of this system—"these bur-
dens were imposed by a free, responsible, represent-
ative government." What is the responsibility
of the eight senators from the States I have named
to those who bear the burdens of this system. Their
responsibility is to their own constituents, who
flourish and fatten upon the spoils of this system of
plunder; and this is our security against unjust and
oppressive taxation!
Unless we have a" system of taxation at least ap-
proaching to equality—unless every senator and rep-
resentative feels that when he imposes heavy bur-
dens upon others he imposes some burden upon his
own constituents, it will be in vain to attempt a re-
form of this government, or to arrest that course of
extravagance and corruption which every patriot
must contemplate with the deepest apprehension
and alarm. You had as well attempt'to resist the .
downward progress of a vessel in the whirpool of
Norway by wheels and steam ppvver.
- Sir, it is melancholy to witness the change
through Which our government is passing. We
look in vain for the patriotism of former days.
The sublime art of governing a free people has de-
generated into a miserable scramble for office by
politicans,and for procuring bounties and appropri-
ations by large portions of the people. And if
some speedy and powerful- remedy be not applied,
I tell you, sir, this government is doomed to sink
into a gulf of corruption—
"—profound as that Serbonian bog,
'Twixt Damietta and Mount 'Casius old,
"Where armies whole have sunk."
X have already stated that the people of the ex-
porting States would not submit to the present ta-
riff; and I will now add that they have a constitu-
tional mfeans of resisting it, df which I propose to
say a few words for the grave consideration of the
advocates of this iniquitous system. I have often
repeated, and it has never been denied, that a sys^
tem of revenue which should impose the same rate
of duty upon imported and domestic manufactures,
would be perfectly equal as between those who ob-
tain, by exchange, imported manufactures, and the
producers by machinery of home-made manufac-
tures. There is no ground for any discrimination
in natural or constitutional justice. There would
be not a whit more in justice m imposing a duty on
the manufactures of Massachusetts and Rhode Isl-
and, and exempting those of all the other States.
Now, sir, the agricultural States have the means
of counteracting the existing inequality, by im-
posing an excise duty upon domestic manufactures
equal to the duty imposed by the federal govern-
ment on foreign imports. Take an example. The
act of 1842, imposes a duty of four cents a square
yard on cotton bagging, the most unjust and unequal
of the whole catalogue of protective duties. The
cotton planting States impose an excise duty of (our
cents a square yard on all cotton bagging not sub-
ject tc any duty by the laws of Congress. Here you
see the States would simply restore the equality
which Congress has destroyed. And the important
question arises, how would- such a duty operate?
Would it enhance the price of cotton bagging to the
consumers? Not at all. For the price of the im-
ported article would regulate the marlict; and the
duty on the domestic would have no tendency to
increase the price of foreign bagging. And as the
price of the domestic article could not be raised
above that of the foreign, the whole cxcise duty
would fall back upon the domestic producer.
The first effect of this duty would be to drive out
of the States imposing it, the domestic bagging,
and cause foreign bagging to be substituted; increas-
ing, at the ?ame time, the foreign demand for cotton.
But as this would throw the domestic bagging upon
the hands of the producer, a glut would be produced,
and finally they would have to pay the duty and
take the same price for their bi.gging they did be-
fore, or abandon the business. In the former ease,
the States would obtain a large revenue without im-
posing any burden upon the consumers; in the lat-
ter case,-foreign bagging would be exclusively used,
greatly extending the foreign demand for cotton, and
increasing the federal revenue. The actual result
would be a medium between these alternatives.
Now, the reasoning I have used as to cotton bag-
ging, equally applies to the whole catalogue of pro-
tected commodities; and if the senators on the other
side of the House will duly consider the matter, they
can hardly fail to perceive what a tremendous defen-
sive powers may be brought into operation to resist
this intolerable oppression. And I give warning
to them now, that in less than twelve months from
this day, what they may regard as an idle specula-
tion may be a substantial reality. I also give them
fair notice, that if the measure which is now pre-
sented to them in another quarter be rejected at this
session, I, for one, will never consent even to consid-
er such terms of adjustment again.
The senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate]
significantly hinted, though he disclaimed the in-
sinuation, that it might seem to other people that
this untimely agitation of what he regards as the
settled policy of the country, was designed for some
party purpose connected with the presidential elec-
tion.
The senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] also
thought it very badly timed, arid the senator from
Virginia seeriied to think it might be designed to
secure a "party triumph."
Now, sir, I am alone responsible for the introduc-
tion of this subject; and I trust it is not necessary to
vindicate myself against such insinuations. I am
perhaps the very' last public man living against
whom such an imputation can be made with a
shadow of plausibility or truth. I have often said,
and I now repeat, from the bottom of my heart, that
I would rather succeed in throwing off the oppres-
sive burdens of the protective system, and in re-
storing my constituents to their "long-lost rights,"
-than to secure for South Carolina the exclusive
right to elect the Presidents of the United States till
the day of judgment. I literally loathe and detest
th^t miserable scramble for power and "the-^poils of
victory," which infuses its poison into all great
measures, and corrupts everything by its moral con-
tagion.
Mr. President, if I had any such purpose in view,
I should not stand up, as I have done for twenty
years, maintaining a hopeless struggle against a
gigantic system of monopoly and plunder, sustained
by a'fixed and irresponsible majority. Unpractised
and unkilled as, thank God, I am, in the tactics of
making Presidents and securing "party triumphs,"
I am not quite so ignorant as to suppose that the un-
compromising defence of the rights of an oppressed
minority is the way to accomplish su'ch objects.
No, sir; if I could so far forget my sacred duties and
high responsibilities as to degrade the patriot
statesman into the political partisan, the very
firat step I should take would be to betray my con-
stituents. Yes, sir, I would offer them up, with all
their great interests and all the hopes of their pos-
terity, at the shrine of this devouring Moloch of
protected monopoly:
"Their children's cries unheard,
Passing through fire to his grim idol.''
And though I should merit' and receive the exe-
crations of my betrayed constituents, 1 might look
forward with confidence to my own political ad-
vancement as a reward for my political treachery.
Mr. President, I have now discharged a high and
solemn duty to my constituents and to the whole
country; and I sincerely regret that I have not been
able to bring to the discussion of this great question
an ability proportioned to its magnitude and import-
ance. If I could impress my own deep and settled
conviction upon the great body of the people—if
they could realize the true operation of this system
of disguised oppression, by which one portion of
the people are degraded and impoverished, and the
other enriched and corrupted, I solemnly believe it
would not stand twelve months longer. And I as
sincerely believe, that if it be maintained as the per-
manent policy of the country, this government will
be dissolved oy corruption and violence. Should
such be our melancholy destiny, I thank God the
responsibility will not be mine.
SPEECH OF MR. CHOATE,
OF MASSACHUSETTS.
h Senate of the United States, May 31, 1844.
Tlic Senate having under consideration the resolutions
from the finance Committee to postpone indefinitely Mr.
McDl pfif.'s bill for restoring the tariff to the standard of
the compromise act, and Mr. McDlffie having m his speech
commented at some length on the remarks previous))- made
t,y v choate on the same subject; and the former gentle-
man having resumed his seat—
Mr. O [10ATE rose and said: I must throw myself, Mr.
President, on the indulgence of the Senate for a few min-
utes and a few v. ords of explanation, made necessai y by ilie
senator's comments upon a portion of the remarks which I
had the honor to submit to you some six weeks ago. I do
not propose to take noticc of anything which he has said
to other senators, nor of ivhat I may call the general tariff
matter of his speech if others have been assailed as I have
been by stale jests or new jests, stale argument or new ar-
gument stale denunciation or fresh, they well know how
to take care of themselves I rejoice, too. to see that the
protective policy of the country is taking excellent care of
itself. One more such vote as another branch ol Congress
has just given—one such election as ta ill occupy, reward,
and illustrate the approaching summer and autumn—and
the universal labor of America will he safe from the jokers
of old jokes, or the jokeis of new jokes. If, then, it shall be
assailed by the arguments of men or the arms of rebels, it
will. I hope, be quite able to defend itself against them
Confining myself, then, Mr. President, altogether to the
senator's noticc of me, I must begin by saying that never in
my life have I been so completely taken by surprise as l>jr
