7S4
28th Gohg 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844
The Tariff—Mr. Ckoafe.
Senate.
this day's exhibition? just closed, of good manners, sweet
temper, courteous tone, fair statement of his opponent's po-
sit. on, masterly reply to it, excellent stories—all out of Joe
Miller—extemporaneous jokes of six weeks' preparation,
gleaned from race-ground, cock pit, and barn yard, with
which the senator from South Carolina has been favoring
the Senate and amusing himself. I came into the chamber
yesterday with the'impression that the occasion was to be
one of a sort of funereal character. I supposed that this bill
of the senator, never fairly alive at all, but just, by your
good nature, admitted to have been so for a moment to make
a tenancy by the courtesy, stnd now confessedly dead, was
to be buried. I came in, therefore, with composed counte-
nance, appropriate meditations on the nothingness of men
and things, and a fixed determination not to laugh if I could
help it. The honorable senator, I supposed, would pro-
nounce the eulogy, and "there an end." Even he, I expect-
ed, would come rather to bury than to praise. I thought it
not improbable that we should hear the large and increasing
majority of the Ameiican people proclaimed robbers and
plunderers,-because that we hear from the same source so
often, some threatening of aullifieation in old forms or new,
some going to death on sugar, some purging of the passions
by pity and terror; and then that the ceremony would be
closed and all be over.
No tongue, then, can express the surprise with which I
heard the honorable senator w^ste a full hour or more of the
opening of his speech, and some precious health and
strength, and slowly dealing out a succession of well-pre-
meditated ana smallish sarcasms on me. I was surprised,
because I think the Senate will on all sides bear witness to
what, under the very peculiar circumstances, 1 maybe ex-
cused for calling to mind—my own general habit of courte-
sy here. Not participating with excessive frequency in de-
bate, nor wholly abstaining from it, I have sought always
to observe the manner, as 1 claim to possess the senti-
ments, of a gentleman. In such a body as this, such a course
fs indeed no merit and no distinction. It is but an un-
conscious and general sense of th.e presence in which we
speak.
In tlie instance of this discussion of the tariff I am totally
uriawafe of any departure from what I have made my habit.
The senator from South Carolina had, as he had a perfect
right to <*o, introduced a proposition which, adopted, would
sweep the sweet and cheerful surfaced Massachusetts
with as accomplished, with as consummated a desolation as
if fire or famine passed over it; and would permanently, and
widely, as I believed, and most disastrously, affect the great
interests and all the parts of the country. That proposi-
tion 1 opposed, debating it, however, inageneral tone, and
with particular expressions of high respect for the abilities
and motives of the honorable senator, and in a manner from
first to last which could give no just offence to any man.
The speech was printed in the terms, substantially, in
which it was pronounced.
1 acknowledge my surprise, therefore, at the course of the
senator's reply. But f feel no stronger emotion. I do not
even remember all the good things at which his friends
did him the kindness to smile.- If lie'shall ever find occa-
sion to say them over again, he will have, I presume, no
difficulty in regathering them from the same jest-book—the
same historian of Kilkenny, the same race-ground, and cock-
pit, and barn-yard,, where he picked them up. They will
serve his purpose a second time altogether as well as they
have done now,
Havin? delivered himself of his wit, which, to dn him
justice, did not consume much time, and of his metaphors,
which held out longer, the senator opened what he called
his cannonade—premising that as it would be very vio-
lent, it would be over the sooner. 1 forget how many min-
utes he said it would require to level the various breast-
works,to disperse the various assailants, by which he seemed
to himself to be environed. That he would sooner or la-
ter do the business, however, he as good as positively
promised—much as a rhetorical British general engaged to
lead,an army from Montreal to the city of New York during
the war of the revolution, and put his threat in execution by
marching half the way and being carried the rest.
So much of all this fire as fell to my share was directed
against a position which I ha<l assumed and attempted to il-
lustrate, touching the celebrated law of 1789. What was
the position? Why, sir, 1 did venture upon the startling
historical paradox that that law was in principle, spirit, and
aims, a protective tariff. Its duties were moderate but am-
ple, and the age and circumstances were peculiar. But,
looking to what you call its spirit, essence, objects, and
workings, it was a tariff of protection. It afforded a prece-
dent to-day for a protective policy adequate to the circum-
stances of the day.
And how \vas this attempted to be made out' Was it, as
the senator from South Carolina has said, by seizing on the
eircumstance that one obscure person, in the debate on that
law, declared himself in favor of "protecting agriculture,
manufactures, and commerce?" by seizing on and over-
magnifying this equivocal expression of an inconsiderable
ana single member, and by reading from one "Grub street
pamphlet?" So the senator has thought it decent, just, and
manly to tell you it was attempted to be proved. But is it
so? I hope that the Senate remembers that it was not. I
hope it may not be wholly forgotten, on the contrary, that 1
attempted first to expound, laboriously and tediously, the
origin,modifications, and successive growth of the law. I
respected this body so highly, and was so deeply impressed
with the impoitance of the subject, that I sought to prepare
for its discussion. I addressed myself to it somewhat in the
spirit, and with the thoroughness, to some limited extent, of
historical investigation. Tne general fact which was assert-
ed and attempted to be proved was, that the act of 17S9 was
moulded into the precise form in which we now find it. in-
stead ofhaving been left in a totally different form, as at first
had been contemplated; was recast from one form to another
form, expressly and solely for the purpose of affording ade-
quate protection to mechanical and manufacturing industry:
more protection than a mere measure of revenue would have
afforded. In support of this position, you were reminded of
the successive steps by which that law was advanced from
the first project to the consummated bill. I reminded you that,
in the first place, it was proposed to pass a brief act of mere
levenue, to consist of a dozen lines, imposing a few specific
^uties on certain articles, not one of which, excepting rum,
'came in competition with those manufactured in the United
States, and a uniform ad valorem-of five per cent, on all
other articles without enumeration; that it was argued, by
the friends of this measure, that it would bring a larger
amount of money into the treasury in a shorter time than one
more .elaborately contrived and more slowly .framed; that
this was conceded bv its opponents; that as soon as it was
introduced and explained, Mr. Fitzsimmons, of Pennsylva-
nia, an eminent and able member, of whom the senator from
South Carolina declares himself never to have heard, object-
ed to it, upon the ground of its inadequacy to the whole sit-
uation of the country, "as it respected agriculture, manufac-
tures, and commerce;'* and aVowed that he carried his views
much further, and desired to witness the "establishment of a
system that should encourage the productions," and foster
and protect the "infant manufactures" of America; that he
thereupon proposed to substitute for the little revenue meas-
ure just introduced, a .bill of enumerations and discrimina-
tions; that his suggestion was adopted; that out of that sug-
gestion this act was, by the labors of three months, careful-
ly constructed; that it was framed and fashioned as it is, in-
stead ofhaving been left a totally different thing, expressly
and solelj for the purpose of protection: that oT all -the du-
ties_which it imposes, not far from from twenty were made
specific instead of ad valorem, expressly and solely for pro-,
tection; that of its ad valorem duties, from fifteen to twenty
were enumerated, and made higher than the general reve-
nue level of five per cent.. expressly and solely for protec-
tion: that certain articles which, on principles of revenue,
should have paid a duty, were admitted free, for no purpose
but for the encouragement of manufactures of which they
were a material; and that, finally, the ^ct thus made for pro-
tection, was completely effectual for its object.
This was the general historical fact asserted concerning-
the "model law." I sought to prove it by recurrence to the
original debates, so admirably reported by "Joseph Gales,
senior," not by one equivocal paragraph of a single obscure
member, but by copious selections from numerous speeches,
of many of the ablest members of that Congress. I then
turned to messages of .Washington and Jefferson, and to the
writings of Madison,and Dallas, expressing in the .clearest
terms their opinion that the act-of 1789 was "protective
legislation " I added, finally, that it would have been very
extraordinary if "protective legislation" had not been the
very first act of the new government, since the history of
the period from the peace to the constitution conclusively
evinced that such legislation was universally and anxiously
expected by a country whose excessive consumption of the
fabrics of foreign labor, accumulation of foreign debt,export-
ation ot money, and stagnation of domestic industry, were
felt to have reduced hex independence to an unreal and bar-
ren attainment.
Such, generally, I hope the Senate remember, was the fact
asserted; and such the modes of proof. And now listen to
the honorable senator's ' 'lammonade."
Is the first place he tells you that this view of the act of
1789, suok as it is, is all a novelty! "The senator from
Massachusetts, so far, has not drawn on his memory, but on
his imagination." Sir, I beg the senator's pardon. His
partiality leads him to do me too much honor. There was
no novelty at all, none at all, in the view which was exhib-
ited. Nothing like it. The senator was thinking perhaps
of his forty-bale theory; or of the new form of nullification
which he indistinctly shadowed out just before he took his
seat. My view, as 1 presented it, was the faithest in the
world from novel or original. I went back to the old rec-
ords and found it there. I opened reverentially the pages
on which Washington, and Jefferson, and Madison, and Dal-
las, being -dead, yet speak, and found it there. Ap-
preciating perfectly the influence of precedents, con-
scious myself of a strong prepossession towards the
past, I consulted the "ancient precedence'" of my coun-
try, and reported to you its exact lessons in its exact Ian-
guage. The senator will excuse me, but I must say that my
interpretation of the aims, spirit, and principle of this act,
is almost as old as some of his newest jests and best stories.
But really, Mr. President, the honorable senator shall not
judge for me on the new or old of any thing. Why, what
has he told us? A statesman, who for more than twenty
years ha« been denouncing the protective policy as an un-
constitutional and unprincipled novelty; who has, 1 sup-
pose, some thousands ol times asserted that it all began in
1824—a surprise and a fraud upon the opinions and expect-
ations of 1789—avows in your presence that, until he heard
my speech six weeks ago, he had never read the debates on
this Ipw! He acknowledged his obligations to me for call-
ing his attention to them. Indeed, he lies under obligations.
Considering how full and how authentic these debates are;
what light they cast on the law to which they apply; how
completely they do what nothing else can do—reveal the
mind of the law-giver,' and bring out his constitutional and
economical opinions; considering that Mr. Madison, in his
most celebrated letter to Mr Cabell, published so long ago
as 1808, and which has for years been in the hands, as I had
supposed, of every tolerably well-informed man in or out of
Congress/expressly refers to these very debates as a valua-
ble contemporaneous exposition and record of opinions on
the constitutionality of a protective tariff,—I declare I felt
unfeigned surprise to hear that they had never come within
his range of study. I am afraid it is too late now to profit
by them. If we would consult the ancient "homebred sense"
of our own country more, and the gipsey metaphysics of
France and Scotland less, it might be as "well for all of us.
But the honorable seuato-r is so full} and bo publicly com-
mitted to his opinions on this subject that jtisno wonder
the voices of even these "risen from the dead" are spoken
to him in vain.
What docs the senator say next? Well, sir, as well as I
could make out a certain enormous and broken-winged
metaphor, fh which he slowly and painfully wrapped up his
meaning rather than displayed it, beginning With his grand-
father's regimentals, and ending—I am 'sure I could not see
how—with a butterfly and a barnyard—a Homeric meta-
phor—a longue queue. As well as I could take the sense of
the figure, he meant to say that, in ray former remarks I
contrived, by selecting my own speakers, bv picking and
choosing from what they said, and by interpolations of my
own, to give a garbled and unfair exposition of that great de-
bate, its course and topics, and interpretative eftect. In
fewer words, his metaphor went to accuse me ofhaving con-
fined myself to a culling out of a few paragraphs here and
there from a debate of two or three hundred pages, and then
of assuming to pass*these off'as specimens oi th<v whole;
whereas they afforded no idea of it whatsoever. It is chfeat*
ing by samples', I think, which the senator figuratively
charges. - •
Now, sir, I deny this charge. I dare him to the proofs.
I challenge him, I challenge any man to produce a particle
of,proof of it. I challenge any man to show that, either by
bringing forward certain of those who participated in that
important discussion and keeping back others, of by read-
ing certain portions of what was said by those from whpm I
selected, and suppressing other portions, by a display of fa-
vorable opinions and a concealment of antagonist opinions,
by intention or by mistake, I failed to seize-and to express,
fully and fairly, the general character of-the debate as an
embodied recorded construction of the law to which it re-
lated. I think I appreciate perfectly the delicacy as well as
difficulty of the thing which I attempted: that -is, to bring
within the compass of an hour the general result of a debate
of some two or three months, as fully reported as this. ' All
that was said by every body could not be read to you,here
of course. Much of it proves nothing, and illustrates noth-
ing. Selections must be made, selections from perhaps less
than the whole number who debated must be made. Selec-
tions of the salient points of speeches, the single emphatic
.sentence'here and there, which embodies and announces
the doctrine, the theory, the aim, must be made. But this
must be conscientiously and intelligently done. You must
not, by picking and choosing, make the Bible say there is
no God, for this is what the Bible attributesv to the fool.
You must not make the protectionist utter free trade, nor
the teacher of free trade inculcate protection, nor make a
Congress which thinks^ a tariff unconstitutional appear to
have held a directly opposite doctrine, by fastening on the
language of the one member who supportrd one side of the
question, and passing over the language of the fifty others
who supported the other. And accordingly I did no such
thing. 1 repeat my denial of the charge.-. I meet the sena-
tor's bad metaphor by good plaimEnglish. The accusation,
or insinuation, is totally groundless and totally-unjust. Let
the senator sustain it if he can. There-is the'speech as it
was delivered. He has at last found the debate which it at-
tempted to digest. If it was not fairly and fully done, let
him show it.
Fortunately, sir, the senator does not hide himself ingen-
eralities or figures of speech. He explains a little. He tells
you that I found an obscure debater, of whom he had never
heard before, and who turns outto be Mr Fitzsimmons, who
happened to say that he was favorable to "agriculture,
manufactures, and commerce," and that, laying fiold of that
not very decisive language, 1 turned him into an advocate
of a protective tariff"! On the s.trength of that senseless,
unmeaning, all-meaning remark, which anybody and every-
body might adopt, and which ever) body who speaks
against the tariff does in point of fact adopt; which is per-
fectly consistent with the most intensefree trade opinions,
not much more indeed than a-mere formula of non-com-
mittal for electioneering,—on the strength of that remark
alone the senator says "this obscure person has been held
forth as a teacher of the doctrines and the advocate of a
measure of protection!
Now, sir,'let us subject this matter to an easy and deci-
sive test. What did I say to Mr. Fitzsimmons's-sentiments
and conduct on the occasion referred to? I read from the
printed speech my exact words:
"Upon Mr. Madison's plan being offered, Mr Fitzsim-
mons, of Pennsj lvama, rose and said that he desired to see
a more permanent system adopted, and one that should
'carry its views much further;' a sj stem some way adequate
to our whole actual situation 'as it respects our agriculture,
our manufactuies, and our commerce;' a system which
'should encourage domestic production, and foster the in-
fant manufactures of America.' He proposed, therefore,
that-instead of adopting the little revenue system of the old
Congress, an extended bill of detail should be framed pro-
ceeding by enumeration of all the subjects of duty, and im-
posing on each the particular rate which should blend with
revenue the requisite amount of protection."'
I then added—
"Here, then, you see two plans, two bills, differentia
object, different in details, were presented to the choice of
Congress. And thereupon a short debate arose on the ques-
tion, which general scheme and frame of impost law should
be adopted. In support of Mr. Madison's original proposi-
tion. it was urged 'that the great objcct of the moment was
revenue; that, for this, despatch was indispensable; and
that the brief revenue resolution, adopted at once, would,
by intercepting the expected importations of the spring,
bring more money into the treasury in a shorter time than
a law more carefully matured and passed at a later day.'
To this it was answered, by Mr. Fitzsimmons and others,
'that it might be admitted, and was probably true, that the
plan first proposed would yield a more immediate supply to
an exhausted treasury; but that there were objects of even
more importance than that—objects which that plan would
not-accomplish, that among thet>e were the 'encourage-
ment of domestic productions and the protection of Amer-
ican manufactures,1 and that if time were necessary to frame
a bill which should comprehend and accomplish these,
time must be taken for it, whether the treasury w ere im-
mediately filled or remained somewhat longer empty.'
"After a short debate, Mr. Madison yielded to the sugges-
tion of Mr. Fit/,simmons; the basis which he at first had
proposed to proceed on was abandoned, and the House en-
gaged assiduously in the business of constructing a blended
revenue and tariff bill by enumeration; each member bring-
ing forward such articles as he deemed worthy of being
tak^n out of and raised above the enumerated level of five
per cent, and moving such duties upon them as he thought
proper, whether on considerations of revenue or protection.
The bill was matured and became a law on the 4th July,
1789. Instead of a law of ten lines, laying a half dozen
specific duties upon articles not coming into competition
with any domestic manufacture, and an ad -valorem duty of
five per cent, on all other articles without enumeration, it
became a law of six sections, imposing more than twenty
specific and more than fifteen ad valorem duties expressly
for protection; admitting sixteen free of duty, whicha mere
revenue tariff'should and would tax for the sole purpose o$
