May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr: Choate.
Senate.
encouraging domestic arts; laying tonnage duties for the
benefit ot American tonnage; distributing with a comprehen-
sive and parental impartiality, its festering care over the
agriculture of the South and the West, the fisheries and
navigation of the East, the mechanical trades of the villages
and towns, the manufacturing Industry of the whole coun-
try; over the producer of cotton, indigo, and hemp; the
grain grower and grazier; fishermen, and the owners of
ships; workmen in leather, clothing, cordage, iron, glass,
paper, and wood—the universal existing labor of the young
America—a law exactly and completely conforming to the
announcement of its preamble: laying duties 'for the support
of government, for the discharge of the debts of the United
States, and the encouragement and protection of manufac-
tures."'
Is this true, or is it true that Mr. Fitzimmons just uttered
the unmeaning electioneering prattle of being in "favor of
every thing—agriculture, manufactures, commerce," and
the rest, which the senator ascribes to him? Is it the sena-
tor oris it I who has been unjust to the patriotic dead? Is
it I who have made him* utter language which he never
uttered and advocate a policy which he never advocated; or
is it the senator who depreciates his acts, misunderstands
his opinions, and bereaves him of his fame' I turn again to
the record. It is in those words that he introduced his reso-
lution:
"I observe, Mr. Chairman, by "what the gentlemen have
said who have spoken <on the subject before you, that the
proposed plan of revenue is viewed by them as a temporary
system, to be continued only until proper materials are
brought forward and arranged in more perfect form. I
confess, sir, that I carry my -views on this subject much
further; and I earnestly wish such a one which, in its opera-
tioa, will be some way adequate to our present situation as
it respects our agriculture, our manufactures and our com-
merce. It being my opinion'that an enumeration of articles
will tend to clear away difficulties, I wish as many to be
selected as possible; for this reason I have prepared myself
with an additional number, which I wish subjoined to fhose
already mentioned in the motion on your table; among these
are some calculated to encourage the productions of our
country and protect our infant manufactures, besides others
tending to operate as sumptuary restrictions upon articles
which are often termed those of luxury."
His resolution, as he then offered it, embraced thirty-eight
articles enumerated for protection, more than thirty of which
were manufactured in the United States.
In further illustration of his opinions, I advert to what he
said on particular duties:
"He thought the manufacture of beer, ale, and porter, as
highly deserving of encouragement Ifthe morals ofthe peo-
ple wereto be improved by what entered into their diet, it
would be prudent in the national legislature to encourage
the manufacture of malt liquors."
He moved a duty on tallow candle?; and, in reply to Mr.
Tucker, of South Carolina, said:
"The manufacture of candles is an important manufac-
ture, and far advanced towards perfection. I have no doubt
but in a few years we shall be able to furnish sufficient to
supply the consumption of every part of the continent. In
Pennsylvania we have a duty of two pence per pound; and,
under the operation of this small encouragement, the manu
facture has gained considerable strength. We no longer
import candles from Ireland or Lngland, of whom a few
years ago we took considerable quantities. The necessity
for continuing those encouragements which the State legis-
latures have deemed proper, exists in a considerable degree.
Therefore it will be politic in the government of the United
States to continue such duties till their object is accom-
plished."
In defence of a protective duty on steel, he is found say-
ing:
"Suppose five shillings per hundred weight was imposed:
it might be, as stated, a partial duty; but would not the evil
be soon overbalanced by the establishment of such an im-
portant manufacture— a great and principal manufacture for
every agricultural country, but particularly useful in the
United States?"
To Mr. Sherman, who thought a duty on malt was unne-
cessary, as much so as on beef and pork, since none was 1m
ported, he replied:
"That there had been considerable and recent importa-
tions of this article into the United States—30,000 bushels in
one year. Certainly thisiinterferes with the products of the
country."
He moved ten cents per.bushel; and it was agreed lo. In
the debate on salt he avowed himself "in favor of high and
general duties." Every word spoken by him m the whole
debate, in which he bore a very prominent part, expresses
or implies the same opinions, and the espousal of the same
policy.
Weil, sir, how did the other members of that Congress
understand Mr. Fite.simmons? Did those to whom he spoke
understand him as'merely giving utterance to this milk and
water, of being "favorable to agriculture, manufactures, and-
commerce7 . .
They would be pretty good judges of his meaning; and it
is perfectly certain that they understood him to propose a
great departure from the plan of revenue originally intra-
duccd- nothing less, indeed, than a policy of protection su-
perinduced upon, blended harmoniously and designedly with
a measure of revenue Thus Mr. Madison observes:
"From what has been suggested by the gentlemen that
have spoken on the subject beloxe us, I am led to apprehend
we shall be under the necessity of travelling further into an
investigation of principles than what I supposed would be
necessary or had in contemplation when 1 ottered the prop-
ositions before > on."1
.And Mr. Hartley the colleague of Mr. Fitzsimmons:
"in these cases I take it to be the policy of every enlight-
ened nation to give their manufactures thatdegiee of en-
couragement necessary to perfect them without oppressing
the other parts of the community; and under this encourage-
ment the industry of the manufacturer will be employed to
add to the w ealth of the nation Many of the articles in the
list proposed by my worthy colleague will have this tenden-
cy, and therefore I wish them to be received and considered
by the eommittee. If sufiicient information cannot be obtain-
ed as to the ciicumstances of any particular manufacture «o
to enable the committee to determine a proper degree of
encouragement, it maybe relinquished; but at present it will
perhaps be most advisable to receive the whole."
Mr. Madison again, after having asserted his preference
of a very free system-of commerce as the general rule,
said: "
"I agree with the gentleman from Pennsylvania that there
are exceptions, important in themselves, and which claim
the particular attention of the committee."
He refers, of course, to Mr. Fitzsimmons.
Mr. "White, Mr. Goodhue, Mr. Clymer, and Mr. Boudmot,
all concurred in expressing the opinion that Mr. Madison's
first plan was a temporary measure of revenue only;'and
that Mr. Fitzsimmons's substitute was a matured and per-
manent scheme, suggested and urged for the avowed pur-
pose of uniting protection with revenue. Thus Mr. White:
"I am inclined to think that entering so minutely into the
detail will eonsume too much of our time, and thereby lose
us a greater sum than the additional impost on the last men-
tioned articles will bring in: because there may be doubts
whether many of them are capable of bearing an increased
duty.
"This law would continue until mature deliberation, am-
ple discussion, and full information, enabled us to complete
a perfect system of revenue; for, in order to charge specified
articles of manufacture, so as to encourage our domestic
ones, it will be necessary to examine the present state of
each throughout the Union. This will certainly be a work
of labor and time, and will perhaps require more^oi each
than the committee have now in their power."
Mr. Goodhue:
"I think when the original motion was introduced it was
only intended 31s a temporary expedient; but, from what
has fallen from the gentleman on this subject. Iam led to
believe that idea" is abandoned^nd a permanent system is to
be substituted in its place. I'donot know that this is the
best mode of the two, but perhaps it may take no more
time than the other, if we apply ourselves with assiduity to
the task."
"Mr. Clymer submitted it to the consideration of the com-
mittee how far it was best to bring propositions forward in
this way, not that he objected to this mode of encouraging
manufactures and obtaining revenue, by combining the two
objects in one bill. He was satisfied that a political neces-
sity existed for both the one and the other, and it would not
be amiss to do it in this way; but perhaps the business
would be more speedily accomplished by entering upon it
systematically."
And Mr. Boudinot said:
"The subject in debate was originally brought forward as
a temporary expedient to obtain revenue to support the ex-
igencies of the Union. It has been changed by successive
motions for amendment; and the idea of a permanent sys-
tem to embrace every object connected with commerce,
manufactures, and revenue, is held up mits stead.
"Let us take, then, the resolution of Congress, in 1783, as
presented by the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Madison,] and make it the basi§' of our system, adding only
such protecting duties as are neccssary to support the man-
ufactures established by the legislatures of the manufac-
turing States."
I submit then, sir. that I did not in the slightest degree
overstate the opinions or the efforts of this distinguished
and earliest advocate, under the constitution, ofthe policy
of protection I did him bare justice. I leave it to" the sen-
ators from Pennsylvania to tell you whether he was quite
so inconsiderable a person that the senator from South Car-
olina ought never to have heard of him. They may think
this a fit occasion to discharge some portion, of that debt of
gratitude which Pennsylvania owes him, and will ever owe
1 him, till her last forge fire is extinguished, and her deepest
mine'sounded and exhausted.
Let it not, however, be supposed, Mr President, thatno
member of that Congress but Mr. Fitzsimmons stood up for
protection to domestic manufactures. The senator from
South Carolina seems so to understand it, but I brought to
3 our notice the names of, I think, fifteen or sixteen who
participated in the debate, from all or almost all parts of the
country, and who, m various forms of expression, and in
reference to one article 01 another, expressly asserted, or
| plainly implied, the fullest assent to the constitutional pow-
I er and economical expediency of protection. In 9 debate
' of some two or three months, not one denied the power, and
j not one the general expediency of assorting it. Then as
j now, and as ever, there were contents of detail, but con-
; tests of principle, or dissensions on principles, there were
j none!
I The Senate will judge whether the insinuation of having
i presented a garbled or deceptive exhibition of Mr. Fitzsim-
j mons's opinions, or of the general character ofthe entire
' debate, is candid or just. But is the senator quite in a con
dition to make such a charge? If retorted oh him, could he
defend-himself? Has lie not told 3 ou that Mr. Madison, for
whose opinions he professes groat respect, was an advocate
of free trade; and that in this very debate of 1780 he avow-
ed himself to hold the same principles with Adam Smith?
Yes, sir, the honorable senator, who arraign* me for incom-
plete and unjus.t representations ofthe opinions of other
men, stands up here and thinks it sufficient, adequate, ju&t,
and fair, to announce that Mr. Madison, m that discu-^ion,
maintained the doctrines of free trade; that he lidiculed the
idea of a shoemaker making his ow n clothes, or a tailor his
ownshoes; and on that analogy argued for unrestricted in-
ternational exchanges! And this, exactly, and merely this,
the senator presents to you as a proper and accuiate account
of Mr. Madisorfs part in the deliberations of that day.
Now , sir, let us see. Certainly it js true that Mr. Madi-
son, in the opening of the debate, declared himself 111 favor,
"as the general rule," "of a very free system of commerce."
So T saidin my former speech, 111 just so manv words. The
senator talks of detecting a suppression of this sentiment
of Mr Malison. Sir, my words were—"declaring himself
then in favor, as the general rule, of a "very free system
of commerce;'' and so they are printed. Here they are on
page 14. But did Mr. Madison stop whcie the senator stops
Did he stop with declaring hi jisetf, as the general rule, in
favor of free trade7 No, sir. He jroes on in the next breath
to say that to this general rule "there are exceptions—im-
portant in themselves—and which claim the particulai at-
tention of the committee." These exceptions he proceeds
to enumerate and explain; and I am prepared tQ cpntend
that, under one or another of these exceptions, every duty
ever imposed under any tariff which the country has seen
might be defended. The senator remembers Mr-Madison's
general rule, but forgets his exceptions I He t&Us you he
was for free trade and the principles of Adam .Smith; buthe
totally fails to tell you, what that great man, whose practi-
cal good sense and statesmanship were as conspicuous as
his great ability and his incorruptible life, did not fail to tell
that first Congress, that these opinions did not stand at all in
the way of his affording ample and adequate protection to
the infant manufactures of his country.
Turn for a moment to the report of his speech, and see
Whether it really was quite a proper account of the matter
to say that Mr. Madison appeared on that occasion on the
side of free trade. "In the first place, (he begins,) I own
myself the friend to a very free system of commerce " This
thought he opens, and defends,^and illustrates. And here
the senator fiom South Carolina stops. But does Mr. Madi-
son? Certainly not. He proceeds:
"If my general principle is a good one, that commerce
ought to be free, and labor and industry left at large to find
its proper object, the only thing which remains will be to
discover the exceptions that do not come within the rule I
have laid down. 1 agree with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that there are exceptions, important in themselves,
and which claim the particular attention of the committee.
Although the freedom of commerce would be advantageous
to the world, yet, in some particulars, one nation might
suffer to benefit others, and thi3 ought to be for the general
good of society."
He then advances to his exceptions. i read the second:
"Duties laid on imported articles may have an effect
which comes within the idea of national prudence. It may
happen that materials for manufactures may grow up with-
out any encouragement for this purpose; it has been the
case in some of the States, but in others regulations have
been provided, and have succeeded in producing some es«
tablishments, which ought not to be allowed to perish from
the alteration which has taken place; it would be cruel to
neglect them, and divert their industry to other channelsj
for it is not possible for the hand of man to shift from one
employment to another without being injured by the
change. There may be some manufactures which, being
once, formed, can advance towards perfection without any
adventitious aid: while others, for want of the fostering
hand of government, will be unable to go on at all. Legis-
lative attention will therefore bo necessary to collect the
proper objects for this purpose, and this will form another
exception to my general principle."
Ceitainly, certainly, he here announces a pretty impor-
tant exception to his general rule. Without the least view
to revenue, (for duties laid for revenue he treats in a subse-
quent part of his speech as a seperate and further exception,}
he here declares that it may be wise to desert and deviate
from the general principle of free trade, expressly and solely
for the purpose of sustaining and advancing domestic raan*
ufactures ! And will not this cover any protective tariff?
Vet the senator remembers the general rule, and is pro-
foundly silent on the exception! This is the more remarka*
ble, and the more to be regretted, since Mr. Madison, in his
second letter to Mr. Cabeli, published in Elliot's Debates^
volume 4, page 349, written in October, 1828, true to the
opinions of forty years before, - consistent uniformly with
himself, had declared his preference of the same general
rule, and his recognition of the same exceptions. I read a
passage or two:
"I will premise that I concur in the opinion -that, as a
general rule, individuals ought to be deemed the best
judges of the -best application of their industry and re-
sources."
"With all these concessions, I think it can be satisfactori-
ly showntthat there are exceptions to the general rule, now
expiesced by the phrase 'Let us alone,' forming cases which
call for interpositions of the competent authority, and.
which are not inconsistent with the generality of the.
rule/'
The Senate will judge, then, if it quite accurately dis-
closes Mr. Madison's opinions upon this great subject to re-
port hi3 general principle and forget his qualifications of itt
I will not say that a two days' argument may not be mado
to show that it does not conclusively follow, from the terms
of these exceptions, that he would have voted for such a
tariff as that of 1938. But I do say that there is not one item
of protection in that or in any tariff which may not be de-
fended upon the principle of these exceptions. And I also
say that \ see no intimation in either of his letters to Mr.
Cabell, and I appeal to his friend on this floor [Mr. in
whom I hope to admire one day his biographer] to.say
whether, anywhere, m writing or in con>ersation, he is
known or reported to have expressed the opinion that hia.
exceptions would not embrace and warrant the actual pro-
tective legislation of the country which he had lived to wit-
ness* I have never sc< n or heard it hinted that he thought
that th« principle of his exceptions had been disregarded or
transcended
So much far the honorable senator's fiee trade_ar^,
alone authority. He is as silent en Mr Madiso^4.s opinions
011 the constitutionality of a protective tariff a(? on opin-
ions of its economical expediency. ^ 4e greatly respects
Mr. Madison's judgment," he says, out he thinks a protect-
ive tariff unconstitutional, and not remind you that
that framer, expounder, and judge of the constitution held
a directly opposite opinion, The senator cannot possibly
see how you can a protective tariff under the power
to regulate comm<«yoe. He sees perfectly clearly that his
own bill can py^petfly originate in the Senate. This he is
just as sure of as of any one position m all his three
speeches, and I am much mistaken if another member of
thie audy can be found who concurs with him. This he sees.
But he cannot see how you may so regulate commerce as to
protect domestic industry. Well, sir, I can only say, for
tiie present, that Mi. Madison could see this, and the sen-
ator gieatly respects his opinions. In that most precious
letier to My. Cabell, winten in so calm, full, clear, au-
thoritative—a legacy, "a possession forever/' bequeathed
at the close of a whole long life of national benefactions; a
letter in which, from the grand and lofty neutrality of his
own position, the old age o€ a statesman, reposing in the
"still air" of his Virginia, the balance power of the system,
h? se^ms tp speak to his vast family, under the respombjj*
