756
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Chdate.
Senate.
ities and with the sincerity of a dying declaration; in that
letter he declares in the most absolute terms, and defends
by the most irresistible train of argument, the constitution-
ality of a protecting1 tariff; grounding himself wholly, on
thepdwerto regulate commerce. What does the senator
• think ojf this letter? What does he say to it?- "He cannot
- comprehend "how you get power to destroy commerce out
of tne power to regulate it." Well, but you may change
and diversify its employments; vary its outward and its re-
turn cargoes; give it manufactures to carry, and their ma-
terials to bring back; multiply its routes, and multiply its
chances of gain and its chances o'f -exemption and compen-
sation, in the hazards that beset it everywhere. Does the
protective policy of England destroy her commerce?
Sir, the charge of having given a garbled analysis and ex-
position of that debate, or of the opinions and aots of any
one who took part in it, is answered. It is not true that I
confined my selections to one debater. It is not true that I
"* over-stated the language of that one, or of any one. I did
not suppress Mr. Madison's general rule of free trade; and
the honorable senator did forget his exceptions to the rule.
- Not succeeding, I think, in hifc details, does the senator's
cannonade demolish my general position? Does he deny
that Mr. Madison's first purpose was to pass a little bill of
revenue? No. Does he deny that this was abandoned for
the purpose of introducing an elaborate measure of protec-
tion and revenue, applying to and covering the whole field
of infant labor? No. Does he deny that the law was mould-
ed into its present form, and its duties into their present
form, instead of keeping their first totally different form, ex-
pressly to insure protection? No, sir, not a word of it.
What,"then, does he say? Why, the duties are low!
Ainazing! So I said fifty times over at the very loast.
But does he deny that they were, at that day, and in the ac-
tual' circumstances, altogether adequate to protection wf
every existing manufacture? No. Does he deny that some
of them were prohibitory, and will he assert that any one
expressed a doubt on the power to lay such duties? Cer-
tainly not. Mr. Madison himself says in his first letter to
•Mr. Cabell:
"And it may be remarked that members from Virginia in
particular, as well of the anti-federal as the federal party,
(the names then distinguishing those who had opposed and
those'who had approved the constitution,) did not hesitate
to propose duties and to suggest even prohibitions in favor
of several articles "of her productions. By one, a duty was
proposed on mineral coal, in favor of Virginia coal-pits; by
another, a duty on hemp was proposed, to encourage the
growth of that article; and by a third, a prohibition even of
Foreign beef was suggested as a measure of sound policy."
But he argues that this act of 1789 is a precedent only to
the.exact extent of the particular duties which it imposes.
The great men of that Congress laid duties, he says, only
up to certain maxima. Well, this proves, he argues, that
their protective principles, if they had any, went no further
, than to those rates. That tariff, therefore, he concludes, is
a constitutional and economical precedent against such ta-
riffs as those of 1816,1824 1828,1842—or is at least no pre-
cedent in their favor.
Try this'reasoning by an illustration. It is proposed to
charter a Bank of the United States, with a capital of fifteen
millions. The senator from South Carolina, I will suppose,
resists it as unconstitutional. You say to him, there is a
precedent in its favor of very high authority; there was a
bank, charter granted during the administration of Wash-
ington, and with his deliberate approbation. No precedent
at all, says the Senator; none whatever; that is a precedent
against you; that bank had a capital of ten millions only.
But you reply: Is not this a mere diversity of detail? In the
constitutional doctrine asserted—in the doctrines of curren-
cy, finance, and trade asserted—in the views assumed of-4
bank, as a necessary and proper instrumentality of adminis-
tration, is not the first bank charter a precedent* Is it not
fair, an<T even irresistible to argue from it, that they who
went so farwould, on a change oTcircumstances,' go farther7
Not a bit of it, responds the senator, intrepidly That ten
million bank was constitutional, useful, the work of wise
•iYien and lovers of their country. Four fifteen million bank
is unconstitutional, unprecedented; or, as he chooses rather
~to express himself: "£Ion$trum homenduwi informe irt^ens,
rui lumen adeiflptum "
' Just as forcibly—not a particle more so—docs ho reason on
this precedent of a protective tariff Sir, if one should mere-
ly say, that as the Congress ot 17S9 stopped at certain rates
of duty, it cannot with absolute certainty be pronounced
that they would, in a change cf circumstances, go further, I
should not thmk it worth controverting. To argue, as the
senator seems to do, that the actual rates express their opin-
ion as to a proper maximum of protective duty,'is preposter-
ous. The exact state of the case, I thought I sa)d, is this:
Taking intq consideration the constitutional principles which
the members of that Congress all avowed; the grounds and
rtfcson-j on which they went as far as they did; the fact that
they went far enough" for adequate protection, and that no
intimation was given by any one that they had gone to the
utmost point to which protective dimes under our govern-
ment may properly go—in view of these considerations I
said, I say, it is a fair, reasonable, and sound presumption,
that, on their ascertained principles of legislation in that
case, they would go still further in other circumstances;
•would go to the limit of adequate protection, wherever that
might be. The presumption is as fair and reasonable as that
he who would vote for a 10,000,000 bank would, m a change
of facts, vote for one of 15,000,000. The grounds on which
they legislated up to the actual rates we know. We know
that these groundswere broad enough and permanent enough
for a far higher measure of protection, if a higher measure
should be needed We know that they held the doctrine of a
constitutional power comprehensive and energetic enough to
warrant adequate protection. We know thrt they held the
opinion that mechanical and manufacturing arts and industry
are worth protecting—are neces«ary to power, wealth, and
the highest civilization. We know that they imposed rates
of duties entirely sufficient to foster and protcct those arts
and that industry. We know that for that purpose they
laid some duties which they believed would raise the price
of the imported article, and others which were actually pro-
hibitory. We do not find one, no, not one. who said or intima-
ted thkt lie had gone to his highest point of protective impo-
sition- We find" the whole body of them setting out with
the unanimous assqmption that they had the right, and that"
it was'their business, not to lay this duty or that; not to lay.
specific duties only, or ad valorems only} not to give five
per cent, of protection, or twenty per cent of protection, or
fifty percent, of protection, but to give* adequate protection; -
and we1 find them doing so accordingly. I say, sir, this act,
thus explained, is a precedent for adequate protection, now
and always.
And so has every body regarded it but the honorable sen-
ator. So Washington, Jefferson, Madison,"Dallas regarded
it. Everyone of them adverts to this model law, as ev-
idencing the policy of this government to encourage domes-
tic manufactures generally—adequately, always-; not mere-
ly to "protect up to a certain conventional limit, and there
stop"; but to afford the requisite protection on permanent and
grand principles of national policy. You may search Mr.
Madison's letter to Mr. Cabell in vain for an intimation that
the act of 1789 was to be regarded as- a precedent for any-
thing less than this..
To show how willing he is to follow in the footsteps of
the fathers, the senator tells us "he will compound for the
duties of 1789; nay, will double them, even." Really, sir,*
he is magnificent. Will he give us back the world and
the age of 1789? Will he give us back our hours of in-
fancy, the nurse, the ballad, the cradle7 Will he take off
our hands the cotton mill, and w oollen mill, and glass-house,
and all the other various, refined, and sensitive labor and
accumulation which we have to protect; and will he give us
back the plain, coarse, household, and far inland manufac-
tures and mechanical arts of the old tim'e? Will he give us
back a Europe at war, and a sea whitened by the canvass of
our thriving neutrality? Will he give us back the whole
complex state of case which made those duties sufficient
then, without thereproduction of which they would be good
for nothing now? :
Nay, sir, not to be difficult, the senator "would even be
willing to give us the rates of the tariff of 1816." This is
rich also. He is perfectly willing to do almost anything
which is less than enough. The labor of the country will
not thank him for his tariff' of 1816.- That labor remem-
bers perfectly well thaty under that tariff, manufactures and
mechanical arts fell down in four years from air-annual
production of over one hundred and fifty millions to an an-
nual product of only six and thirty millions! If he could
give us back orders in council, Berlin and Milan decrees,
embargo, non-intercourse, and war, ke might afford a stimu- •
lus and a protection which the duties of 1789 and of 1816
cannot now give; for the wanfof which they can never
compensate
I have-said all that I wish in defence of the general views
which I had formerly submitted, and am nearly ready to re-
lieve the Senate.
The honorable senator, applying himself diligently to the
study of this debate of 17S9, says he finds, that it turned
very much on the molasses duty. This suggests, to him,
first, a good joke about switchel, and then the graver his-
torical assertion that "Massachusetts has always been more
sensitive about her own pockets are less about her neigh-
bors'than any State in the Union." Now, sir, I should be
half inclined to move a question with him upon the good
taste of such a sally as that, if 1 did not greatly doubt wheth-
er he and [ have any standards of taste m common. I should
be inclined to intimate to him that such a sarcasm upon a
State five hundred miles distant, which he does not repre-
sent, to which he, is not responsible, is no very decisive
proof of spirit or sense. He will judge whether such things
have not a tendency to rankle in and to alienate hearts
$hat would love you ifyou would permit them. Let us re-
member that we have a union and the affections of union to
preserve as^well as an argument to conduct, a theory to
maintain, or a jest, old or new, to indulge.
If I were disposed to grasp the opportunity afforded by the
sarcasm of the senator upon Massachusetts, to obtrude my
filialpraise of her, I would admit that there have been times
in her history when she did manifest a very considerable
"sen«itiveness about her pockets, and no discredit to her
either. That sensitiveness repealed the stamp act. and pre-
ferred a war to a three penc§ tax on tea. But let me say,
sir, that I am quite as little disposed to parade a defence of
my own native end cherished commonwealth on this floor
a« to assail another. The assault and the repulse sre both
d small business Yet 1 may ask the senator who finds Mas-
sachusetts sensitive about a mola^es oluty, how South Cs;io-
lma bore herself while the first tarift wa'- making'* She of
the palmetto m her button-hole, and the burning and osten-
tatious v ords of chivalry on her lips—it is not possible that
" she could have done so low a thing as to manifest sc-nsiiive-
ness of the pocket. Well, I do not know but I will read
what Mr. Fitzsimmons said in the debate to her representa-
tive, Mr, Tucker. Mr Tucker had moved to strike out the
duty on tatfow candles. Mr. Fitzsimmons opposed the mo-
tion, and said, "1 am not for striking out, sir. Every article
imported into the Ftatf that gtnth Iran irpiescnts he move;:
to have struck out'' So the ^-lwtor'c gallant find patriotic
State was as troublesome then us she ha? ever been since.
Yet I have no difficulty at all m believing that her represent-
ative was as prtti iotic and right-minded as any member of
tint Congiess I should no more think of accusing him of
meanness than them of plunder.
I had occasion to sa\ that it would have been strange if
the first Congress had not passed such a law as this, inas-
much as the pubLc opinion which led to the adoption of the
constitution universally and unequivocally demanded apro-
tcctive policy To prove this I adverted, as once before I
had done, to what I called the political literature of the
period from 1783 to 1787 I referred to the general body of
that writing; essays, speeches, accounts of meetings, and
the like—the productions of many years and of ever) State,
as evidence of the nature of the disease of which the land
was sick, and of the remedy for which it longed All of
those productions of an anxious and excited time, tire birth
time of the Union, are not preserved Some few are, and,
like the Sibyl's leaves, the more valuable for their rarity.
I will not depreciate the uses and the beauty of those works
of ancient genius v. hich ore lost fyet would I rather recover
the entire published thought—the entire deliberately utter-
ed thought, ofthat brief space, than all the manuscripts that
fed the fires of the baths of Alexandria Some ol these
writings are left, and enough of them, perhaps, are embodied
in the collection to which I referred to enable us to com-
prehend with vividness and adequacy the spirit, the fears,
the evils, thte hopes, and the purposes of that- age 6'f our
fathers.
Well, what-says the senator to this? Why, that I read a
Grub street pamphlet to the Senate! This is what he says.
A Grub, street pamphlet! One? Why, sir, I brought the
whole body of these papers to your notice; indicated its ex-
tent, periods, sources, and read or referred to so ipany as to
enable you to seize and appreciate .the spirit and character
and interpretative uses of the whole. Grub street, indeed!
So, then, those anxious and those wise minds, which,
through all that time o,f unexampled intellectual activity,
were learning and were teaching by solitary meditation, by
communication with one another, by studies, by the "expe-
rience of evil suffered and witnessed, were learning and
were teaching how a more perfect Union might be estab-
lished; were creating that public opinion without which the
cpnstitution could no more have been constructed or adopt-
ed than an earthly temple could be made without hands,
and yet be eternal; these all—that mighty heart, that teem-
ing practical manly intellect, are a'Grub street pamphleteer!
God spare me and my friends such a microscopic and green-
eyed vision as this! Why, what would the senator have?
He would desire to understand the constitution, would he
not? To do this would he not like to know the public senti-
ments, the great facts as the public sentiment of the time re-
garded them, which led to its formation? To comprehend
the remedy would he not study the disease? Would he
really not like to know what the people made the constitu-
tion for? And would he then confine himself to the Madi-
son Papers, the Federalist, the Debates of Conventions; or
would lie to all this add the direct knowledge of the mind
and intention of the universal people, as it uttered itself by
the thousand tongues of th,e press, and of public and deliber-
ate speech?
The senator was pleased to say that I admitted that Mas-
sachusetts had abandoned free trade and the principles of
justice for her interests. He said it more than once. Oth-
ers had said so before. Now, sir, the assertion- is absolute-
ly groundless. I never intimated that Massachusetts, or
any one representative, or any one citizen of Massachu-
setts, had abandoned the principles of justice, or given a
vote inconsistent with these principles forinterest orfor any
other motive. I said that her interests, which led her to
oppose the consummation of the protective policy in 1824
and 1S28, now compel her to oppose its overthrow. The
senator catches at this as an admission that her interests in-
duce her to uphold the tariff; and as the tariff, in his moral4?
or his rhetoric, is unjust, he calls it anadmissionby her that
self-interest makes her unjust! i contradict all this inge-
nuity. I deny that she ever gave an unjust vote, or a vote
deemed unjust by him who gave it. The senator tells you
tl*at he did assist in stuffing the famous "bill of abomina-
tions" with some of thuse enormous provisions that made it
so odious and so unjust. He thought it "immoral,1' he says,
"at the time,"but being told that Mr. Barbour, of Virginia,
"a man, he heard, so erect that he leaned backwards," ap-
proved these tactics of immorality, he gave into them. Sir,
he may confess what he pleases; but he shall not accuse
without an answer. He shall not at least assert that I have
admitted that Massachusetts has become "unjust from self-
interest" without 9n answer.
That Massachusetts resisted the" law of 1824 on the con-
sideration of her interests, and would resist the-repeal of it
to-day on the same- consideration, maybe true or not for
aught I care. But to him who, with a grave face, and loud
tones, and vehement gesture, urges this as matter of re-
proach or complaint, Tmust reply, in the words of £ir. John-
son to some solemn, over-acting friend, "pray clear your
mind of cant" Why, what would gentlemen have 'of it?
That State has never held the opinion that a protective
policy was unconstitutional. The debates in her conven-
tion on the adoption of the constitution, show how much
she expected from a national protective policy. Mr. Widgery
complained that nothing else was rung in his ears than that
manufacturers and tradesmen were to grow rich. In 1816,
in 1824, and in 1828 her representatives in Congress took no
such ground against the system. She opposed it, just as
otlier States did, on consideration oi her mteiests, and on a
conviction (it may have been mistaken) that the public
good did not imperatively require an injury to her interests.
You established the policy m spite of all she could do. She
submitted to your will, conformed her investments and her
pursuits to j our imperial pleasure, and now has the injus-
tice and the selfishness to insist upon it that you ought not
to drive her back again to the employment which you com-
pelled her to abandon. I repeat Dr. Johnson's advice to all
who blame her for all this m the slightest degree, "clear
your mind of cant."
I understood, sir, the senator to complain that I had "the
assurance," or had "assumed," to call his bill a novelty.
Why should I not call it a novelty if I believed it to be so"?
"Why not call it d "stupendous and pernicious novelty" if it
be so? And is it not' Where and hen, before, was a bill
ever presented and pressed which was framed to effect the
intentional exclusion ot all purpose and all effect of protec-
tion7 Where and when, before, was ever a bill heard of
imposing a uniform horizontal ad valorem duty of twenty
per cent., with no provision for home valuation'? Where
are the precedents' The file affords none. Even th com-
promise act gives it no countenance, for that provided for a
valuation at home; and yet. when that memorable arrange-
ment began to manifest its deleterious influence on the coun-
try, it gave way m an instant to the wanU and the will of
the people and of labor Sir, T said and I say that the bill
is a novelty. I take leave to add, that, born without pro-
genitors, it is dead without issue, and will be buried without
tears.
It is a grief to the honorable senator to see protection
sentiments spreading to the South.
"Sun! how I hate thy beams.*'
I rejoice to see this, on the contrary. I should be glad of
it, though it should raise up a manufacturing competitor in
every State in the Union I rejoice to perceive symptoms of
a return to the homogeneous nature and harmonious views
of an earlier and better day. I rejoice to see that moral and
physical,causes, the power of steam, the sober second
thought of the people, are combining to counteract the ef-
fects of a wide domain, and local diversities on opinion and
