June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
self-government, no reason existed why we should
not be allowed to admit any State that would con-
form to our representative s; .item, and whose union
with us should, by the majurity of both countries,
or the proper authorities, be considered mutually
advantageous, and that we might well wish to extend
the blessings of our government as widely as prac-
ticable.
So far as convenient and beneficial, the whole
world may thus become partners, says Mansfield's
Political Grammar, p. 143 and 144 This ex-
tended construction of the power has proved a salu-
tary one.—(Story's Constitutional Class Book p.
98.) v It is settled beyond practical doubt.—(Duer's
Outlines of Constitutional Jurisprudence, p.-186.)
Such is the view in Tucker's Blackstone, Ap. v.
I,- p. 278. And the Federalist itself looked to the
clause for admitting new States generally as design-
ed to include foreign territories adjoining us. (See
43d No.) •
So Mr. Macon said in the debate as to Louisiana,-
that the constitution was designedly made broad,-so
as to admit such a foreign territory and government
as Canada, when agreeable to both; because the ter-
ritory «id people within our limits were already
within the Union, and entitled to be, under old com-
pacts, treaties, and cessions.
Such also was the view of Mr. Jefferson, under
the confederation, (v. 1, Life ,p. 398.)
Indeed, how could wars be prosecuted for wrongs
inflicted, and just indemnity obtained, if any con-
quests of territory made could not be held? They can
be and become apart of the nation.—(1 Peters's R.
p. 542.), And if so, are we to treat them in due time,
and when fit, as equals and component parts of the.
Union? or exhibit the shameful injustice as well
as impolicy of keeping them in a. disfranchised and
humiliating servitude?
In -3 Story on Con. 193, it is-laid down that "the
general government possesses -the right to acquire
territory by conquest or by treaty." Again, 190-1:
"The constitutionality ofthe two formeracquisitinns,
(Louisiana and Florida,) though formerly much
questioned, is now considered settled beyond any
practical doubt."
It was objected in 1803,- that, "under the form
of a cession, we may become united to a more pow- -
erful neighbor or rival, and be involved in European
or other foreign interests and contests to an inter-
minable extent.—(p. 157.)
But the reply was, that ''the right to acquire terri-
tory is an incident to sovereignty."—(p. 159.)
Every government that ever yet existed possesses
a competency to add to its territory. It ceases to-
have the functions of an independent nation, if it can-
not, by treaty or discovery, obtain new boundaries
for convenience, or new lands for culture, or new ports
for commerce;.and, as before suggested, it is stripped
of the national function "of acquiring territory, when
assailed by unjust war, and holding it either for in-
demnity, or profit, or security. And if we can acquire
it, reason, as well as the words of the constitution,
requires us, in due time, to make States out of it,
and admit them into the Union—(160.) Story says,
in a note to this page, that the Hartford convention
proposed to prevent such admission, unless by a
vote of two-thirds of both houses; and by a report in
that body, indireetly denied the authority to admit
States or any territory without our original limits.
But this doctrine has slept with that convention
since, it' is believed, till revived by Mr. Adams in
his Texas speech, in 1838, in Congress, and his po-
litical address in JNew York in 1839.
How little ground exists .for such a doctrine, even
in the'opi -;on of tb greatest constitutional lawyer
of his, own party, maybe seen by looking to 3d
Story, pages 160, 161.
"Sec. 12SS. The more recent acquisition of Florida,
which has been universally approved, or acquiesced in by
all the States, can be maintained only on the same princi-
ple, and furnishes a striking illustration of the truth,
that constitutions of government require a liberal con-
struction to effect their objects; and that a narrow inter-
pretation of their powers, ho%vcver it may suitthc views of
speculative philosophers, or the- accidental interests of po-
litical parties, is incompatable with-the permanent interest
ot the State, and subversive of the great ends of all govern-
ment, the safety and independence of the people."
This construction does not, as the senator from
New Jersey argues, prevent the blessings qf liberty
from being enjoyed by the posterity of our fathers
as they designed. Because there is enough at the
bounteous table for all that posterity and any new
associates. All such can participate with them m
that freedom as they do in the air, water, and sun,
without loss to either, and without exclusiveness
iiiid misanthropy.
In truth, our whole history serves to demonstrate
the wisdom, on general as well as constitutional
principles, of expanding our limits with the vast
increase of ourpopulation and wealth. Such expan-
sion prevents many of the evils of too densea popu-
lation, and secu res the predominance of the safe, vir-
tuous and republican pursuit of agriculture. Itis said
that we have a Sparta, and let us adorn it. - But is
there never to be an escape from the infant shell?
nor any enlargement of the shell itself to suit the
growth of the animal within? Is our Sparta to be
confined forever to a garden spot, or single planta-
tion? a single city? ora few barren acres, as in Greece,
with iron only for money, black b-otk only for food,
and our sons taught stealing as an accomplishment—
instead of spreading over - half a continent, improv-
ing the sciences and the whole arts of civilized world,
covering remotest oceans with our commerce, and
helping to spread abroad and at home superior edu-
cation and a purer religion? Thank God! the scales
fell from our eyes on this subject more than a quarter
of a century ago, when Louisiana was purchased;
and instead of trying to replace them, if we are able
to preserve Oregon—gained both by discovery and
purchase—and to recover Texas; we can, in another
half century, not only again, as has been done,
double our States, and nearly quadruple our wealth,
numbers and power, but adorn, improve, and secure
forever all the fair inheritance with which we are
blessed.
When we look to analogies abroad of cases of
whole territories and governments being ceded and
annexed to other governments, whether monarchies
or republican confederacies, they cluster thickly.
France herself is made up of a union of what was
once different kingdoms; so of Spain; so of Great
Britain; so of Germany-. Indeed, England not only
reannexed Wales—thefavorite and just term now—
but admitted Scotland as well as Ireland into a
union with her, including government and the
whole territory. The word reannexed, as now applied,
is as old as Blackstone, who says: "The territory of
Wales beiixg then entirely reannexed (by a kind of feu-
dal resumption) to the dominion of the crown of
England."—(Vol 1, 94 p )
- But in confederacies, Switzerland has added and
rejected various seperate cantonments, with their
whole government and territory; so of Holland or
the Netherlands; and so of the Mexican confedera-
cy itself, now including one State formerly attached
to Guatemala; so of Colombia; so of Buenos
Ayres; sometimes adding new States, both territory
and government, and sometimes amicably or violent-
ly separating. Indeed, several of the old thirteen
colonies, now States, were originally obtained by
England by treaties of cession.
In the Mexican constitution, (See 2 Kennedy,
427,) the power of their Congress is no broader
than ours: It is to admit new States to the federal
union or territories, incorporating tliem in the nation;
and under it one has been admitted, which never
before belonged in any sense to Mexico.
Hence, whether we look to the words of the con-
stitution, or to the practice under it, or to the anal-
ogies of other governments, whether American or
European, the constitutional right to annex is
undoubted.'
All which the constitution requires to admit
States, is the assent of Congress. Whether a treaty
is also necessary to annex a territory seems ques-
tionable, unless it is regarded as done by a contiact
with a foreign power, which is usually conimcneed
in the form of a treaty, and the terms thus settled
with more convenience in the first instance. But
there can be little doubt that, while the assent of
Congress is alone sufficient, and is alone necessary
by our constitution to admit a new State,.it is proper
to be given after a territory is bought by treaty, to
the payments to be made under it, and to the organi-
zation of its new government and relations; and, if
so given without a treaty, may answer every object
of reason and principle involved.
But the idea that, in these cases under our constitu-
tion, it is necessary to have the assent of each State
in the Union as a separate State, or the people of
each, (and indeed, as Mr. Adams supposed in 1804,
of conventions in each State,—4 Elliott's Debates,)
except as both are represented in Congress, and then
only a majority of their representatives in each
branch to a law, or of two-thiids of the Senate to a
treaty is not justified either by any language or pre-
cedent. No different assent than this last was ask-
ed in 1803, or 1811, or 1819, or any other occasion
whatever. And the only analogy in support of it
seems" to be a practice in Holland to require the as- ,
sent of the States separately to the admission of new
States—:wh'en in truth the practice there originated
in an express clause in the confederation to that ef-
fect. (See it in 2d Davies' History of Holland, 76
page.) , . ■
So another express clause in the old confederation
required the assent of nine States out of thirteen in
certain cases. When annexation was declined in
18-37, it was on other grounds; and this point is ex-
plicitly stated by Mr. Van Buren, who was then
President, to be no objection. In a constitutional
point of view, the opposition "of a considerable and re-
spectable portion qf the community," as others argue,
cannot rightfully defeat annexation, if there be a
majority of Congress in favor of the measure;
though such an opposition, and their reasons, would
be entitled to respectful consideration, as in all other .
controverted cases. I admit,, that the wishes of the
people should possess much influence, and it is desi-
rable to know them before action on important meas-
ures; but they arc not, by the constitution, required
to be fiist consulted before Congress or the treaty-
making power can negotiate for territory. It was
never dreamed of in the purchase of Louisiana and
Floi itla, nor in the former attempts to purchase Texas
in 1825, 1829, and 1835. _
But, if it were otherwise, the senator from Miss-
souri admits that ten or twelve millions out of fif-
teen of our free population are in favor of the annex-
ation. A majority of more than two-thirds here,
and of all the voters in Texas but 93, as stated by
their commissioners, would then seem quite enough
of the people themselves in both countries to satisfy
the most fastidious.
How much some gentleman are likely to obtain
by the advice of the people before they act—however
it is wished—can be ascertained from the extraordi-
nary resolution, to throw 20,000 copies of the treaty
and correspondence before the public,'because "the
will of the people ought to be consulted on them;" and
yet refusing to wait a reasonable time to learn that
will; and proceeding—the very next day, before a
single copy was printed for the people—to discuss
and decide on the measure.
On motion by Mr. Walker, to amend the amend-
ment proposed -by Mr. Crittenden, by adding at
the end thereof, the following: and that a reasonable
time should be given to hear from the people after this
publication before the- final decision of the Senate upon
the treaty—
It was determined in the negative—yeas 15, nays
28.
Having endeavored to show our constitutional right
to purchase the territory of Texas, and to unite its peo-
ple in ourgovernment, and having thus tried to remove
the great obstacle to the ratification, which blocks
up the threshliold of our inquiries, I shall consider
the next point, which is the right of Texas to make
the cession, and enter into the Union. The objec-
tion to the form of doing this business on both sides '
I will examine hereafter—as I am at present looking
merely to the" great principles involved in the au-
thority to take and to cede.
It is contended by several who oppose the treaty,
that Texas is not in a competent condition to make
this cession without the assent of Mexico or Spain—
some' former master or tyrannical step-mother.
Spain, it is believed, is pretty well silenced on this
point by the great lapse of time since she has made
any war on the territory ofTexas, and any claim to
govern her; or she is silenced by her recognition of
the independence of all her American provinces.
But how is it with Mexico' On what rest her
claims to be consulted before the cession, so far as
regards the power and capacity of Texas:
"In the first place, the right of Mexico to Texas
as ever having been an integral portion of her
territory, and much less a portion of it since the
independence of Mexico herself was acknowledged
by Spain, is very questionable.
According to the opinions of such jurists and
diplomatists as Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe;
of Livingston, Clay, and Adams, (in 1818,) Texas
was within the limits of Louisiana, when bought
by us in 1803, as clearly "as the island of New
Orleans." I shall not fatigue the Senate with de-
tails on this. But Texas had been discovered, and
settled by the French m 1685. five years previous to
any Spanish settlement.—(Marbois' Hist, of Lou-
isiana, 107.) It had been Mewed as "the cradle of
Louisiana."—(4 Jeff. Life. 60 ) It was in the grant
by Louis to Crozat, in 1712.—(1 Laws, 439 ) After
ceded to Spain, in 1761, its boundaries became un-
important; but when retroceded to, and occupied
by, France in 1800, she claimed as formerly, and
