762
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
delivered.it to us by her officers in 1804, as extend-
ing west to" the Rio del Norte. It was boasted by
Don Onis, the Spanish minister, who negotiated the
treaty of 1819, after his return, that by his ability
and tact it had been procured from us. Mr. Forsyth
to Adams, July 30, 1820, says that Don Onis "en-
deavors to show that the treaty of cession of Flor-
ida ought, to be considered as a treaty of exchange
of Florida for Texas, a country more extelisive,
fertile, and valuable." The Spanish government it-,
celf seems to have-instructed their minister that we
might retain it, if no better terms could be pro-
cured—(See Erving's Expose.) And Mr. Galla-
tin, after laborious research, before 1810, became
convinced the territory was ours; and our' posts
had therefore, as early as 1806, been extended be-
yond the Sabine to Nacogdoches, one of the re-
motest settlementsof much size.—(1 Laws, 437.) And
Galveston itself was temporarily occupied by us in
1817—(4 State Papers, 297. See more fully on this,
Marbois' History of Louisiana. 4 State Papers.
4 Jeff. Life, 60. 2 Foot's History of Texas; 397,
'376: 1 Do. 194. 2 Kennedy, 445. 1 Clay's Speech-
es, 82 and 93.)
Under what pretence, then, can Mexico claim it'
In 1819 we ceded it to Spain, not Mexico; and'if,
as some incorrectly maintain, Mexico was then rev-
olutionised, she of course got nothing by this sub-
sequent cession to Spain rather than herself. But
if, as was the truth, Mexico never became independ-
ent of Spain, even by declaration, till February 24,
1821, though before torn by intestine divisions, all
avowing loyalty to Spain, she claimed her inde-
pendence only two days after the treaty of 1819
. was finally ratified by us, and before Spain was no-
tified thereof, or had taken possession of the terri-
tory, or had annexed it to Mexico; and months be-
fore Mexico got possession of the government of
the country.
This is one view of the weakness of the claim of
Mexico. Another is, that Spain had previously
made claim to Texas; and, "under the Spanish gov-
ernment, Tfexas was a separate and distinct province.'
As such, it had a separate and distinct local organ-
ization."—(See 1 Foot's History of Texas, p. 62.)
When, therefore, her people, between 1821 and
1824, revolted from Old Spain, and declared them-
selves independent, and formed a new constitution
and political organization, whether always before
belonging to Spam or given to her by our cession in
1819, they acted as a separate, free, sovereign, and
independent state, as much as did New Hampshire
or South Carolina'in 1776. Then, 15,000 people,
probably, (besides Indians,),occupied her territory.
As such, she continued in a revolutionary condition
till, Iturbide being shot, she joined the Mexican con-
federacy with Coahuila, in 1824; and, with her, as a
separate independent state, continued in the confed-
eration under certain specified terms till 1834 and
1835; though she wished a separate state govern-
ment in 1832, having, in October of that year, held a
separate convention from Coahuila, to form a
separate constitution, and "blocked one out; and sent
Austin with it and a petition to Mexico, setting
forth the reasons for separation.—(2 Kennedy, 19 to
22.) He proved unsuccessful, and was imprisoned;
and, in 1834 and '35, when the confederated rights
of Texas were violated by Santa Anna, her people
oppressed, her state legislature abolished, and the
confederacy dissolved, a consolidated government
was erected on its ruins, October 5th, 1835) and she
refused, as was her sovereign right, to enter into the
new government.—(Seethe decree, 2Kennedy, 111,
89,61.) She continued during 1835 to contend man-
fully against the usurper, and to sustain her inde-
pendent rights till the final victory of San Jacinto in
April, (26th,) 1836, crowned her efforts.
Her constitution—early as March 11th, 1827, and
while in the confederacy with Mexico—used this
emphatic language: Texas "is free and independent
of the other United Mexican States, and'of every
other foreign power and dominion."—(See 2 Ken-
nedy's H. 444 p. Ap.) And again: After stating
that she has joined the confederacy for certain
specified purposes, the constitution declares that, for
all others, Texas "retains its liberty, independence,
and sovereignty."
What justifiable pretence, then, has there been
since for Mexico to attempt to dragoon a separate
and independent state into a new form of govern-
ment, or into subjection to her tyranny? What
right of Mexico has she violated? 'The wrong is on
the other side; and it is Mexico, to whom she owes
neither duties nor allegiance, that is usurping a con-
trol over her affairs not justifiable either by Bound
principles of constitutional law, or the great axioms
on which the right of our own States and their peo-
ple rest.
Let it be remembered, also, that TeXas, beside
being an independent sovereign State ever since
the original revolution in 1821, and the first Mexir
can constitution of 1824, had entirely separated
from the confederacy, when it was dissolved in
1835, as she had a right to, one to two years before
the independence of Mexico herself was acknow-
ledged by Spain in December, 1836,
Texas had attempted independence, and half a
year after, at San Jacinto, resisted Mexican occupa-
tion and control; and hence may not have been in-
cluded in Spain's recognition of Mexico alone.
Bring these facts home to our own system of
government. Look at the analogies and rights. Read
the eloquent and indignant remonstrances of Texas
against the assumed authority over her, in her new
declaration of independence, and ne\Y constitution
in 1836, and our hearts cannot but barn within us
at the worse than British dictation and oppression
which are claimed and attempted to be exercised
over her; and if cause of just war exists at all, it
is on the part of Texas, and against Mexico,
rather than the reverse.
But if any consider this view of the case as in
some respects not tenable, we invite their attention
.to another aspect of the subject, which strengthens
much the right of Texas to make this cession, and
be received into the Union, and enjoy all its bene-
fits, as proposed by this treaty.
When we purchased Texas within the limits of
Louisiana in 1803, we engaged, by treaty with
France, to perform the solemn duties set out in the
3d article, 1st Laws, p. 136.
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorpo-
rated in the Union of the United States, and admitted as soon
as possible, according to the principles of the federal constitu-
tion, to sill the rights, advantages, and immunities of citi
zens of the United States; and, in the mean time, thev shall
be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of their
liberty, property, and the religion which they profess.r
Now if any of the people of Texas reside on ter-
ritory then within the boundaries of Louisiana, this
obligation remains in full force, unless France has
released us from it, or those people have relinquish-
ed it, and do not now desire its fulfilment.
I concede that we may have done acts which bar
or estop us, both morally and politically, from ma-
king any further rightful claim over them against
their consent; but have they ever become constitu-
tionally divested of their right under that treaty pro-
vision?
I have already proved that the territory of Texas
was geographically within the limits of Louisiana,
and whatever may be her present true boundaries, it
is well known that the people of Texas, no.w ask-
ing admission, reside on that part of her territory
conceded by all not to be west- or north of her old
limits.
The obligation imposed on us in 1803, then—how
have we become exonerated from it? In no way, I
apprehend, unless by the treaty made with Spain in
1819, ceding all our territory west of the Sabine, and
thus ceding away Texas herself. To understand
the precise character of that treaty, it is necessary to
notice that it was not, as many have hastily sup-
posed, a treaty merely defining, with particularity,
limits before general and uncertain, between contigu-
ous nations. _
But, turning to the third article, (6 Laws, 616,) it
will be seen that, after describing a line north from the
mouth of the Sabine, and then northwest and west
to the South sea, "the United States hereby CEDE
to his Catholic Majesty, and RENOUNCE forev-
er, all their rights, claims, and pretensions, to the
territories lying west and. south of the above-de-
scribed line; and, in like manner, his Catholic Ma-
jesty cedes to the said United States all his rights,
claims, and pretensions to any territories east and
north of the said line; and for himself, his heirs, and
successors, renounces all claims to the said territo-
ries forever."
Besides fixing some boundaries before doubtful,
the treaty of 1819 was thus manifestly one of ces-
sion; as much so, on our part, of Texas, as, on
the part of Spain, of the Floridas, the same
language being used in both cases. The territory
then being very large, and its inhabitants sev-
eral thousands, it was neither constitutional
nor right to cede them away, and deprive them
of their claims to be admitted into our Union under
the Louisiana treaty, without first asking and obtain-
ing their consent. Neither of these was done;
and whatever acts they have since passed, under a
supposition that their claim had by us bfcen legally
extinguished, are not to injure or debar them, in Jo-
rum conscieiiticz—in sound morals or just principles
—from now requesting, as they virtually do by this
treaty, a reunion and admission to all the privileges
before stipulated to be allowed them. These posi-
tions are so important as to justify some further
proofs that the treaty of 1819 was' then regarded-on
both sides as one of cession. The message of Mr.
Monroe, in December, 1819, says "we had ceded val'
liable territory;*]^nd Mr. Clay, in 1820,declares that we
unadvisably ceded the country west of the Sabine to
the Rio Del Norte. So, Mr. Adams, before the ratifi-
cations were completed, (May 3d, 1820, 4 State Pa-
pers, 684,) says of the United States, "their right of
territory was, and yet is, to the Rio del Norte;" and
(in February, 1821,) "these concessions*oit the part
of the United States were- great; and the treaty
was a treaty of "mutual cessions](4 State Papers
703;) in the words of Don Onis, it was a treaty of ex-
change of Florida for Texas—a country more ex-
tensive, fertile, and valuable.
The propriety of that exchange or cession i§ a
very different question; and however proper most
of it may, as early as 1806, have seemed justifiable
to one House of Congress, and the whole of it 8td- ,
visable to all of the other House, and the President,
in 1819, yet with the knowledge we now possess of
the value of Texas, and the land ceded, on the
sources of the Red river and the Arkansas, as .well as
of the better terms which might probably have
been procured of Spain,Tthe cession is much to be
regretted.
But before complaining too severely of those
who participated in the making of the treaty, and
in its ratification, by having, obliged us not only to
pay five millions of "dollars for Florida—a country
that has been called mere sand banks and swamps—
but to cede the whole of Texas, larger and richer
than three Floridas, it may be well to advert to one
or two considerations. - The title of what we ceded
was controverted, however improperly; but that of
what we obtained was uncontroverted. The extent
and character of Texas were then little known or
appreciated; while the importance of the possession
of Florida by us, with a view to the free naviga-
tion of the Mobile and Apalachicola was thoroughly
understood, as well .as its benefits to the.rich coun-
tries above, of having American depots and out- .
lets for their produce-near the ocean, and additional
guards to the domestic tranquillity of the South, ar.d
the security of her peculiar property and institutions.
These circumstances induced Mr. Jefferson, as
early as the attempt to buy Louisiana, to seek to
obtain the Floridas also.—(4 State Papers, 738—9.)
It is not a little curious that, in the original in-
structions, they extended only to the buying of that
part of Louisiana consisting of the Island of-New
Orleans, or all east of the Mississippi, and including,
at the same time, the Floridas; but neither Texas
nor anything else west of the Mississippi.—(See
Doc. 102, 19th Cong., 1st session, to the Senate,
dated 20th May, 1824. The following numbers re-
fer to letters in that document: Nos. 462, 460, 466,
468, 471, and 476. See also 2 State Papers, pages
537, 541, 516, 520, and 529.)
The value put there on the different objects of
purchase is significant, as for New Orleans alone
the minister was to give three-fourths of the whole
sum, and for the Floridas the other fourth; but only
half as much for East as for West Florida, if ob-
taining but one of them.—(See page 743, Doc. 102.)
At one time we even proposed to guaranty to Spain
the west side of the Mississippi, (Madison to
Pinckney, May 11th, 1802, No. 462, as above,)
should she cede to the east side.
The cession of the whole province of Louisiana
was rather a proposal from Bonaparte than ours;
fearing lest, in an approaching war with England,
she might seize the rest; and urging, as a reason
for it, that the rest, if not wanted by us, could be
sold by us to some other power.—(2 State Papers,
552, Livingston to Madison, No. 476, in document
above.) How fully and authentically does this fact
repel all the libellous imputations then and since
made against Mr. Jefferson and u&, for seeking
Louisiana (including Texas) from ambition and the
love of aggrandizement. But after Louisiana was
obtained without Florida, the latter was still re-
farded as so essential, that, on a message by Mr.
efFerson of a confidential character, in January,
1806, Congress itself, in secret session, matured a
law appropriating $2,000,000 to enable him to maka
the purchase; and the object of the "law was con-
ceded from foreign scrutiny and intrigue, by en-
