June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
titling it "An act to defray any extraordinary ex-
pense which may be incurred in the foreign inter-
course between the United States and foreign na-
tions."—(4 Laws, page 5, February 13, 1806.)
In order to aid m that negotiation, the following
memorable resolutions were passed in the" House of
Representatives, in secret session, and are, m truth,
I apprehend, the whole foundation of the subse-
quent cession of Texas in 1819, whose^ demerits
nave been the object of so much animadversion.
There had been instructions before to make the
Colorado the western boundary, if tvery difficulty
could thus be adjusted with Spain, and the Fioridas
obtained; but an absolute refusal to cede any part
of Texas or Louisiana east of the Colorado.—(See
fully on this 2 State Papers, pages 626 to 666, con-
taining letters from July, 1803, to May, 1805, to
and from our ministers at Madrid.)
Here are the resolutions:
"Resolved, That - dollars be appropriated by law to-
wards defraying the expenses which may be incurred in
the purchase of the Spanish territoiies lying on the Atlantic
ocean and Gulf of Mexico, and eastward of the Mississippi,
to he paid out of any money in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated, and to be applied under the direction of the
President of the United States, who shall have authority, if
necessary, to borrow the said sum, or any part thereof, in
behalf of the United States, at a rate of inteiest not exceed-
ing six per centum per annum, redeemable at will; and
shall cause an account thereof to be laid before Congress as
soon as may be.
."Resolved, That an exchange of territory between the
United States and Spain is deemed by this House to be the
most advailtageous mode of settlement of existing differ-
ences respecting limits between the United States and the
court of Madrid; and that any arrangement between the two
governments which shall secure to Spain an ample barrier
on the side of Mexico, and to the United States the covnMes
watered by the Mississippi, and to the eastward of it, will
meet the approbation of of this House "—{See House jour-
nal for January 14, 1806, appendix, pages 437 and-458.)
The negotiation was at once renewed, with a
view to buy the Fioridas, or get them in exchange,
on those, or better terms.—(See 3 State Papers,
pages 539 and 540, March -13, 1806, Madison to
Bowdoin.)
In truth, so vital to self-preservation and peace
was the possession of them regarded, not only in
1806, but in 1811, that the forcible occupa-
tion of it in the latter .year was authorized by
Congress, as will soon be more fully explained.
And again in 1820, Mr. Monroe advised another
forcible occupation if Spain longer refused to rati-
fy the treaty of cession in 1819, which the Sen-
ate had already ratified unanimously. After this
retrospect, and much more that need not now be
detailed, I can readily conceive that, not only in
1806, but in 1819, when the extent and value of
Texas were less known than now, and when the
Fioridas were so much nearer, some of the old and
well-settled States and their possession so highly
appreciated on • other accounts than their soil—that
such a resolution could be easier passed by Con-
gress, and easier complied with by the executive,
than now.
In the then infancy of the republic, and the com-
parative ignorance of the sources of some of the
tributaries of the' Mississippi, and the vast western
extent of Louisiana, the west side of that river was
niuch lower appreciated that it deserved; and only
one State was contemplated to be established on
that side, and a large reserved territory to be held
for the-Indians.—(4 Jeff. Life, 51.)
But we had harldfy parted with Texas before the
explorations and "enterprise of our people, under the
blessings of peace, unfolded more as to the extent
and fertility of that region, and the remote sources
of many of our beautiful rivers; and it was soon
discovered that we had failed to retain even what
Congress had originally intended in the resolution
should not be ceded—that is,,all the land -on all the
tributaries of the Mississippi.
A large and valuable tract on the Red and Ar-
kansas rivers was parted with, either through want
of correct geographical information, or other causes
now unknown, and conflicting with the resolution.
Hence m a few months inquiries arose in Con-
' gress whether more had not been ceded than was
proper; and a resolution was offered by Dr. Floyd
to ascertain if Spain had not empowered her minister
to go farther west with the line, and if that fact was
not known to the Secretary of State.—(Journal of
House of Representatives, January 27, 1820, p.
176-7.) " -
Hence, too, as soon as April, 1820, Mr. Clay of-
fered the resolutions now in my hands, calling in
question the legality of the cession, as well as its ex-
pediency. I will read the first one:
"Resobxi, That tbs constitution of tiis U it«d States
vests in Congress the power to dispose of the territory be-
longing to them; and that no treaty purporting to alienate
any part thereof, is valid without the concurrence of Con-
gress."
Hence, not only were efforts made by him
and Mr. Adams, as early as 1825, to regain the
Whole country by_ a purchase from Mexico, and
again in 1827, and again in 1829 by General Jack-
son and Mr. Van Burcn, and thenceforward till
1835, when Texas declared her independence, but
in the Senate Mr. Preston, in 1838, offered another
resolution, that the original cession in 1819 was "of
evil precedent, and questionable constitutionality."
Without going further now into the historical
data connected with this branch of the inquiry, it
must be evident that if the cession in 1§19 was void
from any cause, Texas, being within the original
limits of Louisiana, ought now to be, under the stip-
ulations of the treaty of 1803, protected in her re-
ligion, indulged in all the rights of American citi-
zens, and, as soon as possible, admitted into the
Union on equal terms with all other new States. I
do not go for technicalities for or against this view
of the subject; nor am I disposed to allow little
special' pleading, by estoppels or forms, to prevail
against her moral claims on us—her substantial and
legitimate rights. How are the merits, then? France
has never released us from the obligation, in the
treaty with her, to admit into theUnion all the territo-
ry then within the limits of Louisiana: Texas has
never been asked to release us. Could we, then,
become exonerated by our own acts alone? Cer-
tainly not, as we are but one party to the contract.
No principle is better settled, than that a govern-
ment of limited powers, having once acquired terri-
tory, or admitted States into its Union, cannot sell
portions of them to foreign powers. There is no
such grant in the instrument—there is no such prac-
tice. ■ The disposal of the fee in wild land to indi-
viduals and companies, is all the power m selling
territories or States, which has been exercised in
other cases, under this authority. But in no
case has the jurisdiction or sovereignty over
the people in territories and States, whether few
and small, or numerous and large, ever been
exercised without that express assent of the parties
in interest, previously obtained, which, on elemen-
tary principles, can confer any right, or ratify
any transaction. Here the territory was large enough
to be. consulted, and its population—it being, be-
side Indians, quite 15,000, probably, in 1819. It
had been 7,000 when Pike visited there twelve years
previous. Hence, while Vermont would be admit-
ted into the Union by the assent of a majority in
Congress, after 1789, yet we did not consider Con-
gress, or the President and the Senate, competent to
cede a partof the territory of Maine in 1842, with-
out asking her previous consent. Hence, early as
1793, Mr. Jefferson, and others of General Wash-
ington's cabinet, doubted whether any part of the
northwestern territory could be ceded even to the
Indians, and much less its jurisdiction to any foreign
power.—(See 1 Jefferson's Life, page 409. 4 Jef-
ferson's Life, page 479.)
The old Congress of 1786, (4 Secret Journal,
page 100,) held that the United States possessed no
power, by a treaty, to convey a part or parts of the
territory of the United States west of the Allegha-
nies; and Vattel, book 1, chapter 21, section 260,
holds, -that only the nation, or its representatives,
and not the prince, or treaty-making power, can
cede territory. And it seems well settled in Eng-
land, that no part of the realm can be dismembered
or-alienated without the consent of Parliament, as
well as of the King.—(Book 116, chapter 2, sec. 10.)
Mr. Sheffley, in debate, (National Intelligencer, Jan-
uary 5,1811,) pronounced the opposite view, as to a
part of a State, "a doctrine spurned at by all."
Mr. Clay maintained, in 1820, that it could not be
done without the assent of Congiess; but the better
opinion is that the territory or State ceded must con-
sent, and not Congress alone.
The cession, then, of both jurisdiction and soil in
Texas, in 1819, without the previous consent of its
actual inhabitants or territorial government, was ir-
regular and imperfect. Whatever subsequent acts
might be regarded as a technical acquiescence in the
cession, it was still, in point of law, erroneous, and
must be a departure from treaty stipulations, unless
we now, when requested, admit them to all the
privileges originally promised. There can be no
doubt, if these positions are well supported, that
they are fully competent to ask our assent to the
retrocession and reunion; and thus, without regard
to forms, do in substance all which is necessary en
their part to perfect th.« measure. But while contend-
ing for this in their behalf, on great principles of
moral and political obligation, I would' not do in-
justice to any other power with whom we inadvert-
ently . made new and incompatible engagements.
Though those engagements are, according, to Vat-
tel, inoperative, the first treaty being valid over a
subsequent one which conflicts with it,-yet any
injury done by annulling the subsequent ces-
sion ought to be remunerated to the party suffer-
ing. But that party, whether Spain or Mexico,
have' now no cause pf complaint, and suffer no loss
by this construction; because, since that cession in
1819, and while it remained de facto in force, Spain,
in December, ] 836, relinquished all her claims over
Mexico, if not Texas; ana the latter has been inde-
pendent of Spain for more than twenty years,'and
for more than ten years has resisted the usurpations
of Mexico over her rights as a separate and sove-
reign State, and for eight years has declared and
maintained her independence as to the whole world.
There will be then a great moral fitness and beau-
ty in the disposition of human affairs, if now, after
the lapse of a whole generation, we should be able,
by the reannexation of Texas, to meet the wishes
of her people in being admitted to the blessings of
our Union, and should, at the same time, fulfil our
own previous treaty stipulations in their favor; and,
without injury to any rights of others, should re-
gain a territory so vital to so many interests of all
sections, and so long and so devoutly sought for by
such a succession of statesmen and patriots.
The solemnity or inviolability of the treaty of
1803, is quite as great as that of 1819 or 1828, or
any other since, and its obligations on this subject
are both prior and paramount.
But, supposing that both these views are
untenable; and, for the sake of argument, in-
dulging a moment in the idea that Texas was riot
embraced within the limits of Louisiana, or, if so,
was legally ceded to Spain', and afterwards became
an integral part of the Mexican empire : had she
not, when the terms of her confederacy with that
government became wantonly violated, her citizens
imprisoned, and her privileges outraged—had she
not a right to assert and maintain her independence?
Would she not have been false to her American
blood, not to have done it on the field of San Jacin-
to, as well as down to the present moment?
Among the long list of grievances and usurpations
set out in the declaration of her independence, (Sen-
ate document, No. 415, June '23, 1836,) was this:
that Mexico "has dissolved, by force of arms, the
State Congress of Coaliuila and Texas," as well as
denied liberty of conscicnce, and committed piracies
on her commerce. For s,uch as these she made that
declaration, and has since sustained it with the rifle
and the bayonet.
On the American system of politics, had she not
a right to separate for such abuses and violations of.
duty on the part of Mexico' Listen to the doctrine—
which some seem to forget, but—which is laid down
in our own declaration of independence on this sub-
ject, penned by Jefferson, and sanctioned by
Franklin, Hancock, Adams, and their patriot coad-
jutois:
" When a long train of abuses and usui nations, pursuing
invariably the same object, evinces a design to reduce
them (the people) under absolute despotism, itis their right,
it is their duty, to throw oft" such government, and to pio-
vide new guards for their future security ''
What is the American system as adopted by my
native State, and most of the others in the Union?
"The people of this State have the sole and exclusive
right of governing themselves as a free, sovereign, and in-
dependent State," &c.
. "All government of right originates fiom the people."
" Whenever the ends ot the government are peiverted, or
public liberty manifestly endangeied and all other modes
of redress ere ineffectual, the people may , and ot right
ought to, reform the old, or establish anew government."—
(See the New Hampshire constitution )
See also 2 Barlemaque, p. 128, stating; that a
people may, for a good cause, always revolt and
change their government.
Mi*. Clay's speech, on the recognition of the in-
dependence of South America, and Mr. Webster's
on that of Gieece, are full of these doctrines, how-
ever heretical their views may he on some other
questions.
By this (the true American system of politics)
man is regarded oa a free agent, poiucssmg a right
to self-government. Vvre hold that communities
may not only change their form of polity, but di-
vide and erect a separate institution, when oppressed
and driven, by a series of wrongs, into revolution
and independence. Mankind, m our theory, do
not hold, their ?ight# from kings or royal charter^
