764
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
or holy alliances, but from God; and far from its be-
ing proper to sympathize with, and defend, op-
pressive governments in reconquering revolted sub-
jects, it is false to our own course in the revolution
to dream of it; and the hearts of the whole Ameri-
can people should burn at tyranny—should sympa-
thize with the suffering, invigorate public opinion in
their favor; and, as soon as duty may permit,-af-
ter their independence has become in fact Established,
through a new government instituted, and new
laws and rulers selected, and stability and quiet
given to their- national affairs, we ought to acknow-
ledge both their de facto and de jure existence—
their-full right to come into the family of nations,
and exercise all the powers of independent sover-
eignties. The other side of this question is the
British or European side. Theirs is the doctriue of
eternal allegiance. Ours that of free agency and
self-government. Theirs is the doctrine of the di-
vine right of kings. Ours that of the divine right
of the people. Theirs is the doctrine of tyranny
over the mind and conscience—the reign of it up-
held by the bowstring, the inquisition, and standing
armies. Ours is the doctrine of liberty, upheld by
reason, intelligence, and sound morals. In some
respects, the^ struggle between these principles has
been going; on since civilization has been much dif-
fused," ana especially between colonies and their
parent country—the former striving for privileges
commensurate with their growth and rights.
It is the child become a man, and claiming the au-
thority and immunities of a maw; and is to be coun-
tenanced, rather than proscribed. All people thus
situated, in all time—whether Carthaginians from
Tyre, Greeks from Egypt, Marsellois" and Syracu-
cusans from Greece, Spaniards from Rome, North
Americans from England, or South Americans from
Spain—all have thus acted, and been thus recognised
and sustained; and so must be Texas. But we were
destined to open the drama on the new continent.
The colonial system thus prostrated here in 1776,
and a new government like our own springing up
on its ruins, astonished the powers of Europe, as
well as all the Old World, as much as the original
discovery of America by the great world-jinder who
breathes in marble by rersico in front of the Cap-
itol. Yet, forsooth, we hear it now gravely argued
that a people like those in Texas cannot, de jure,
cede their territory, or unite with us in government;
but must first, with due humility, ask leave of Mex-
ico, or .submit to be reconquered by her, and have
the conveyance emanate from her, in order to have
it suit our opponents' modern American notions of
self-government: and all this, though Texas revolted
for as good cause as we did from England, though
she has established as good a constitution and laws,
and though she has maintained them all firmly and
unimpaired-for years, and has been recognised and
negotiated with as a sovereign and independent na-
tion by all the great powers of Christendom! Yes:
kings, at the Congress of Vienna, may cede princi-
palities and powers, extinguish old or create new
governments, and transfer the people like sheep in the
shambles; or kings alone may partition Polands,
and blot out obnoxious dynasties and empires from
the map of the world—as England does over and
over again in India;—but a sovereign people and
their established government, by a vote almostunan-
imous, are to be held incompetent to cede their terri-
tory and change their government. And this is to
be neld, also, by us Anglo-Americans and Spanish
Mexicans, who exist as nations only by revolts and
changes of their own governments; and, further-
more, that, if we dare only by peaceful negotiation
to take the cession, it ought to call down on our
presumptuous heads all the horrors of foreign war.
"What are the more specific points in this objec-
tion interposed by senators in debate?
First, that, though independent and sovereign, the
republic of Texas is not competent to cede its whole
territory, though it might be to cede a part. And it
is urged that, in the case of Louisiana and Florida,
only a part of Spain and France was ceded.
But how absurd does such an objection appear,
when, if Texas owns 200.000,000 of acres, she
might legally cede 199,999,999 acres, but not that
and the other acre; or she might legally cede a quar-
ter of it at one time, another quarter at another, and
so through the whole, except the last! No, sir; she
is neither entirely independent nor entirely sover-
eign, if incapable of conveying the whole. Such
are the principles of nationallaw.
"A free people, or a king, may alienate their territory, in
part or in full."—(Grotius, '2 b., ch. 6, sec. 7.)
And if in full, then the union of their people with
our form of government follows as a matter of
course, unless they choose to emigrate elsewhere, and
join some other government, or form a new one, on
some vacant portion of the earth—like that of ./Eneas
and his companions from Troy, -or Dido from Tyre.
And if the people and the independent republic of
Texas are, for this reason, not as competent to unite
with -us entirely as they are to cede only a part of
their territory, then the absurdity would seem to
follow that they never can be competent for admis-
sion, into the Union, though recognised by Mexico,
and no shadow of war existing, till they become
qualified by-abandoning their independence, repudi-
ating republicanism, and, as a servile dependency or
reconquest of the monarchs of Spain or Mexico, be
sold merely as a portion of their territory to the
United States.
When senators contend that this cession of the
whole destroys the ceding government or nation,
and is hence impracticable and unprecedented, they
forget that the nation may still hold together and
migrate, or may agree to unite with the neighbor to
whom their territory has been conveyed; and that
this is neither unusual or unreasonable. Pray tell
me, did not Rhode Island unite with us—all her ter-
ritory, and all her people, and all her government—
rather than a part; and thus became annexed to that
Union whose constitution she before had refused to
aid in forming, and refused to adopt till, in all quar-
ters, denounced and reproached by your fathers, and
till legislative penalties and burdens were threatened
to her by the administration of Washington him-
self? But, notwithstanding this, does the senator
[Mr. Simmons] admit, as he argues about Texas,
that Rhode Island was incompetent to unite with us'
that she came in only under thethreats of Congress,
and hence it was void? or that her "lone star" (ail the
other old States being then under a new constitution
without her) became, by a junction with them,
blotted out, extinguished, and her sovereignty de-
stroyed? Just as much in her case as in that of
Texas; and, as 1 have shown before and will ere
long again, just as much, and no more, as new
provinces and their whole governments were de-
stroyed, by uniting with Holland, and others with
Switzerland, and others with Central America, and
others with us.
It is true that, if the republic thus ceding and
uniting, is under obligations to others, she cannot
thus become rid of them; but they remain on her, or
the whole government to which she is joined? Such
are her obligations by treaties, and her liabilities or
exposures for wrongs, or for claims, however un-
just, by other powers. But that does not impair
the full right to make a cession, though it may affect
the expediency and duty of us to take it, if the lia-
bilities are very onerous, or her belligerent dangers
very imminent or unjustifiable.
We will look into that soon, after disposing of
the question of the right to cede the whole. The
only other point in the objections, I have heard
urged against that right, is the claim still set up by
Mexico to rule over Texas. But, however that
claim may be obstinately persisted in,-1 contend
that, after all which has taken place, and now ex-
ists, it does not impair the right of other nations
to take such cession,.or of Texas to make it. Please
to note the distinction.
The incident that a war may be waged by any
belligerent against any purchaser of territory from
the other belligerent, does not impair the right to
sell; for the vender may have owned the territory
for centuries, and been recognised by its antagonist,
as well as the rest of the world. But it does influ-
ence the expediency of buying, and more especially
if the belligerent conveys all his territory, and unites
his government with another; because, in that event,
I admit that the risk of such claims, and such hos-
tilities as exist—all the incumberances are assumed.
Yet this is the whole, and is no impeachment of the
independent and sovereign right to convey; that
right Texas has, if she possesses the usual attri-
butes of a nation.
"She is one,-as before explained in a recent
letter of mine on this subject, ill such manner
and form, no less than substance, as, in my ap-
prehension, justifies other nations in treating her as
a de jure as well as a de facto government, and com-
petent, under the principles of popular liberty, and
the soundest international law in both hemispheres,
to cede her territory, or unite her government to
another, without asking the consent, or giving just
cause of war to any power.
"What are the common-sense tests on this subject?
If size of territory, she is as big as France, ana as
large as axtf four of our own States.' If population,
she has one ranging by different estimates from two
ro three hundred thousand people of all kinds. If
a regular eonsitution - of government and code of
laws, she has both. If -a uniform administration of
justice and the rights of conscience secured to all,
rather than the proteetipn of the Catholic religion
alone, as in Mexico, she enjoys them." She has
troops and ships of War." She has had. her inde-
pendence acknowledged by the United States, by
Great Britain, France, Holland,'Belgium, and, in-
deed, all the great powers of Christendom, not un-
der the sway of the Holy Alliance;1 and she has
treaties of commerce and-international agents with
most of them.
"No towns, castles, or counties, have there been
held by her old enemy in doubtful or divided em-
pire. Her revolution is not in embryo, but full
grown. Not going on by preparatory steps, but
finished—stable. -Not distracted by rival, constitu-
tions, rival chieftains, and rival armies, such as long
desolated many Spanish provinces, but domestic
harmony and peace reign throughout. "Their pris-
ons are not filled wrth political victims. Order, and -
law, and the rights of property, are respected; and
neither taste, nor education, nor sympathies of any
kind, are lingering round their former government,.
and smoothing the way to the remotest thought at
reconciliation. -But Texas has other qualities and
characteristics as a nation, showing her competent
to enter into any contract or arrangement with other
nations, as fully as the oldest power of Europe. Be-
sides having been for several years admitted, in all
respects, into the great,family of'nations, she'is lia-
ble for her 'own wrongs to them, and is held so, and
not-Mexico, as appears by her treaty of indemnity
to us in 1838. She is authorized to seek redress for
injuries to herself, and nut Mexico for her; and she
has, in this way, and by treaties binding her com-
merce, limits, soil, and jurisdiction, been much wi-
der acknowledged, and longer in the independent
government of herself, than had Bonaparte in
France when he sold Louisiana to us. Such, I ad-
mit, was not the position of her affairs when an-
nexation was proposed and declined in 1837; but
their affairs have made great strides since; and qne
unfortunate mistake with some, in the consideration
of this topic, appears to be in not reflecting enough
on the changes in her relations and national maturity
ty and stability, made by the progress of time and _
events during the past seven years. It is manifest,
that if a people have, by sound principles, a right to
self-government, and, when oppressed, can, like the
United States, properly revolt from England, or
Mexico from Spain,"or Texas from Mexico, and
having declared their independence, do maintain it
till they gtve, as in this case, all the usual indica-
tions among nations of manhood—discretion, pow-
er, justice, and order, the question of their de jure
sovereignty thus becomes as clearly settled in re-
spect to all third persons as their de facto sovereign-
ty. The assent or acknowledgment of their old
masters does not constitute the right, but merely ad-
mits it; as the minors or apprentices, claiming to be
adults and free, and acting as such, derive their
rights from the facts of the case, whether acknowl-
edged or not by those to whom they were;once in
subjection. The world must otherwise become
divided into mere holy alliances, with all their mo-
nopolizing dogmas on the one hand, and on the oth-
er only such as they consider mere rebels, pirates,
and banditti; breaking up in this way all reform or
progress, and yielding to the claim of the divine -
right of kings over all the human race, till voluntarily
relinquished. The war of opinion on this question
was settled in favor of the people, after sixty years
of desolation and carnage on the plains of Holland;
again at Lexington, Saratoga, Yorktown; again in
Europe, after deluging France in blood; again and
again on both slopes of- the Andes, as well as in
Mexico herself, on a basis nev er again to be shaken
in the New World."
Moreover, she- has a body of intelligent and tal-
ented men of the true Saxon race. And if all these
do not constitute a State, what does? Not kings,
garters, and titles of nobility—not high-walled bat-
tlements, nor moated gates—but "men—high-minded
men—who know their rights, and knowing, dare
maintain."
The last objection under this head is, that, though
she may be a de facto State, she is not one dejure;
and therefore possesses no competency to make the
cession. ■ . .
What is a de facto government as. contradistin-
guished from a dejure one? It seems to be arguet}
