<re
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPElfDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQ^E.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
June, 1S44.
Senate.
considering the relations actually existing between .
Mexico and Texas, whether belligerent or not; and,
if belligerent, whether justly so or not. It follows,
then, that, if an independent sovereignty, Texas can.
cede rightfully her whole territory, as well as apart,
and unite her government, as well as territory, with
us, if she pleases. Such acts are done constantly in
Europe, and here, both in republican confederacies,
and monarchies, as before shown; and Vattel, as
cited by the senator from Illinois, [Mr.' Breese,]
recognises the principle fully.
Having discussed the right to receive "and the
right to cede Texas, the next question is, whether,
as a duty, the treaty for the annexation ought not to
be ratified. Are the reasons for it not ample, and
our duty clear? The presumption certainly would
be that, unless strong public objections exist, no na-
tion would decline thp offer of a large addition to
its territory, population, and power. More espec-
ially does such a presumption arise, when the terri-
tory is contiguous, and convenient, if not necessa-
ry; has been long sought for under three or four dif-
erent administrations; is governed by institutions
and laws similar to our own, and inhabited by a
people, most of whom have a like origin, edu-
cation and religion with ourselves; and concentrate
their, affections and wishes on a reunion with the
great national family from which they sprang.
I am not one of those disposed to exaggerate the
advantages of such an.union to us; nor would I, on
the contrary, scoff at the objections which are enter-
tained—and honestly, without doubt—by many
against it. But, in weighing the latter, I trust that
we may be able to free ourselves from some pre-
judices and apprehensions suited ^ to other forms of
government rather than a representative confedera-
cy; and be a little less local in policy and timid in
action than if we were, as once, but three millions of
people, and had confined our explorations to Lake
Champlain and Cape Cod, rather than stretching
west on ,our own soil to the Rocky mountains ana
the Pacific ocean.
Not forgetting the enlarged duties, as well as in-
terests, that have devolved on us by our new posi-
tion, let us examine, dispassionately, both the rea-
sons for and the objections against the annexation
proposed, as a moral and political duty. For,
though the right to take and to make the cession
may on both sides be clear, our duty may not re-
quire an assent to the ratification; and I am frank to
say, that if I regarded the treaty as a mere pecu-
niary speculation, like the calculations of the sena-
tor from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] my hopes
would not be great for profit or credit; or, if I
looked at some of the reasons assigned for the
measure in the correspondence, or the prudence of
some of the agents employed, or the patriotism of
some taking deep interest in the question. But
these and many formal exceptions, seem scarcely
suitable to the magnitude of the subject, and the
high duties and national honor and interests which are
at issue. One of the most prominent of these inter-
ests is the importance of Texas to the United States
for security to the commerce of the West and South-
west, through the mouth of the Mississippi,river.
The freedom of that commerce was a topic which,
as.long ago as under the old confederation, agitated
the whole country. It then introduced the first geo-
graphical division of parties between the South and
the North; in which the latter, unfortunately, was
quite as strenuous in resisting efforts and sacrifices
to obtain that freedom, as it is now in resisting
those to secure it, after having been obtained.
A few circumstances in the agitation of that age
indicate strongly prejudices and contests not very
unlike the present one.
Mr. Grorham, of Massachusetts, "avowed his
opinion, that the shutting the Mississippi would be
advantageous to the Atlantic States, and wished to
see it shut."—(Madison Papers, p. 609.)
But Virginia extended over Kentucky, and claim-
ed all the Northwest; while North Carolina also
crossed the Alleghanies into Tennessee. Hence the
South, at that early day, became the champions of
western interests, 110 less than southern ones.
And though Mr. Aymer, apparently concurring
with Gorham, "thought the encouragement of the
western country was suicide on the part of the old
States,—(3 Madison papers, 1446 page;)—and
though tlie.vote of seven States was at first procured
to proceed in the negotiations with Spain, without
insisting on the free navigation of the Mississippi,—
yet Mr. Jefferson wrote that the navigation of the
Mississippi we must have—(1 Jefferson's Life,
433 page.) And Mr. Jay at last admitted our right
to it was good.—(4 Secret Journal, 451.) And the
old Congress, before breaking up, in September,
1788, solemnly—
Resolved, Thai the free navigation of the river Missisis-
sippi is a clear and essential right of the United Siat?s, and
that the same ought to be considered and supported as
such:"— (4 Secret Journal, 453, September 16, 1778.) ' <
-In the convention, while forming the constitution,
Governeur Morris frankly stated that "the fisheries,"
and the "Jtfw.sis.M7mi'' spfiivitv tn tlipm wwp 1'>I'ie
and the "Mississippi," security to them, were'"the
two great objects of the Union."—(3 Madison
Papers, 1523.)
The whole question, as a national one, was then
settled. That was the embryo of the present crisis.
The duty to secure^ became as imperative as had
been the duty to obtain. A million and a half of
square miles of territory, and what are now nine
millions of people on the waters of the Mississippi
and her tributaries, were foreseen, and were to be
shielded in peace as in war; and tranquillity to their
institutions, no less than safety to their property of
every kind, were in advance solemnly guarantied,
and were never to be neglected. On this implied
pledge your public lands have been sold there and
settled.
It is not necessary, at this part of our inquiry, to
detail all the steps since taken under the constitu-
tion to carry out faithfully one of those great
objects of the Union connected with the Misssissip-
pi. Spain resisted and intrigued against all this.
She was one of the last to accede to our indepen-
dence,-and to make any treaty of limits on the
south as to the Florida line, from fear of our revolt
proving an example contagious to her American col-
onies. It is said by one of our most learned his-
torians, that a document exists, in which she was
advised by her prime minister then to allow the
whole of them to become independent, except her
West India islands; and if that advice had been
followed, which subsequent evenls, with the loss of
millions of life and treasure, 3how to have been so
wise, our present difficulties as to Texas would
probably never have arisen. She pursued the op-
posite policy, and, after the peace of 1783, sought to
push her claims even on the Mississippi, as high up
as the Ohio river, and as far east as the Alleghanies.
And after driving her from these pretensions, and then
from Florida and Louisiana, her descendants hold
on upon Texas with a death-gripe; and long
after their ability to subdue it, or its value to them
can make it an object in itself at all desirable. Both
freedom and security to the navigation of that
mighty river were once placed wholly within our
grasp by the purchase of Louisiana.
I say this under the impression that the western
boundary of Louisiana, on the Gulf of Mexico,
truly extended to- the Rio del Norte, as heretofore
shown. Any border enemy was then flung off to
a safe distance from the great outlet, of near
half the exports of the whole Union. New Orleans,
the magnificent depot of the entire valley of the
Mississippi, was then shielded from hostile sur-
prise. Our trade with the West Indies and Eu-
rope, left more open and unannoyed, and the
vast population on th.c western wafers, now
nine, and ere a century more 10 be ninety, millions
of people—treble the numbers of either France or
England, and more than treble their size in territo-
ry.—was thus to be better protected, not only in
their commerce, but in their lives and honor, from
both the hostile tread and hostile machinations ot
an encroaching enemy. The security .thus gained
from the Indian scalping-knife was an additional
motive, and every cradle in the West witnessed a
sounder sleep when the tomahawk could be re-
moved farther off, and forts and greaterdistanc.es
were interposed between the log cabin and the sav-
age torch.
I say that all this was accomplished with the
boundary then obtained, and was in some degree
lost without it, having, as we had, a foreign foe
and foreign Indians so near us as the Sabine and
the Red rivers. The great American captain of our
age, with hundreds of others, have staked their
skill and reputation on this; and hence that boun-
dary, if once owned by us, should never have been
parted with in 1819; or should be regained the
first, favorable and just opportunity, as has been
since constantly attempted again and again, and as
is now amicably within our power, by ratifying the
treaty under consideration. We have already seen
that it is no new idea that freedom of commerce is
of little value without its security.
It is no new project that aline farther west than
the Sabine is vital to its security, as well as impor-
tant for protection in war, both against civilized and
savage foes.
It is no new vagary, that when our fathers," in
1786, finally resolved on their fights to the free nav-
igation of the Mississippi, they, also, in the same
act, and by the same dauntless spirit, meant to en-
force that right till successful, and to defend it, also,
whence once acknowledged, as they afterwards did
in many an Indian war, as well as on the bloody
fields of New Orleans. It is' no new principle of
national law, that it then became the duty of the
whole Union to look over the luxuriant regions west
of the Alleghanies; with the same affection and aid,
and lavish on them a like deference and regard as on
other parts of the Union; and that only half our ob-
ligations would be discharged in procuring a free
navigation of the western waters, if not following it
up with procuring security to that navigation and
the immense interests connected with it. Such men
as Messrs. Gorham and Clymer had, or ought to
have, outgrown their more narrow views and sec-
tional prejudices. The West and the Southwest
were, by the tide of emigration,- besoming bone of
our bone and flesh of our flesh. In taking honest
pains to give them protection aa well as prosperity,
the position of things has so changed-, that the North
and East, and Middle States, are in truth giving
them to their own families, or the playmates of their
youth. -Even if selfishness prompted a different
course in -1785, it will, if enlightened, concur in
the course recommended in 1844. Let me
particularize a single illustration of this among
thousands of like cases scattered over the East,
and, indeed, the whole Atlantic States.
On one of the hill-tops in the interior of New
Hampshire, only two generations ago, dwelt a true,
enterprising, industrious New England family. Are
they still confined to their native mountains, and
their interests and affections centred only there? Oil
the contrary, sir, some of them are felling the forests
in the.mighty West; others plant in the sunny
South; one is pushing his fortunes in the Empire
State; another in Michigan; another in Mississippi;
another on the rich soil of Alabama; and thus their
homes and their fortunes, their anxieties and their
patriotism, are limited only by their country's ex-
tent and welfare. The next generation will proba-
bly see some of their descendants in Oregon or
Texas, and breathing the balmy air of the Columbia
or Rio del Norte.
Such, sir, is the destiny of most of the people of
this leading republic of the New World, presenting
a form of government as novel and striking as was
the continent itself, when discovered ■ by Columbus,
and developing a mission on earth by this branch of
the Anglo-Saxon race, which, while the school-
house and village church, side by side, mark their
progress,, will never be completed till they reach the
Pacific. The mass of them are not, as they wan-
der, either fanatics or bigots, but conform to all lo-
cal institutions like peaceable citizens, till reason
and experience are able to work salutary changes.
How much more is it our duty to receive these
persons into the Union, when an opportunity
offers, than the French of Louisiana, or the Span-
iards of Florida! However worthy, in many respects,
the character of the latter, yet all must see that the
moral fitness, the education, habits, and religion of
most of our kin m Texas, render them more suitable
for an intimate alliance with us; and that their re-
publican form of government makes the Union more
appropriate than what we have already overcome in
receiving those in Louisiana and Florida, educated
under monarchies. Another important consequence
of the purchase of Louisiana, was to give greater quiet
to the commerce and people on all the tributaries of
the Mississippi, as well as on its own great chan-
nel. But parting with Texas, we lost in the same
treaty the sources of the Arkansas and Red rivers,
as well as large tracts of land adjoining; and unless
reannexed, a door is opened, for constant annoyances
and collisions between us and those higher up on the
stream; and one cardinal benefit of the original pur-
chase is entirely relinquished.
The treaty presents at the same moment a fortu-
nate occasion to do that, as well as enforce better the
guaranties of the constitution to promote "domestic
tranquillity" in the South and Southwest, no less
than the West and East. The property and do-
mestic institutions of the former, however different
from those at the North, were secured as amply
under the old confederation as those of any other
region; so are they by the present constitution; so
are they by all our legislative and judicial-decisions;
and so must they continue to be, till the compro-
