t<58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong....:1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
June, 1844.
Senate.
Africa; not .confining my sympathies to color.or
fiame, but-to real degradation among the whole
human race, and to tlieir relief, by introdu-
cing gradually a superior state of intelligence,
religion, and rights, rather than by a rash crusade
against law and order, and the public peace."
Others still object to the form of the cession,
- holding it to be " insufficient, unless ,made by
an act of Congress, and hence it is not our duty to
take the cession by this treaty. Various technicali-
ties- as to the power of treaties have been
urged against the present proceeding—such as the
want of existing parties till the act is completed, and
the absence of legislative as well as executive sanc-
tion to the union of the two countries. But the peo-
ple of Texas still-continue a separate, independent
government, competent to contract and hold their
rights, not only till" the treaty is ratified by our
government and their own, but till an act of
Congress, there and here, passes to enforce many
provisions, which, in their nature, as in many other
treaties, are imperfect and inoperative till that
takes place. And if the sanction of their peo
pie to a union like this, given at the same
time' their constitution was adopted, by an al-
most unanimous vote, was supposed" to be obso-
lete, I should think it prudent to take their opin-
ion again before the proceedings" are deemed com-
plete. Then, and not till all this is concluded, an
actual delivery of possession takes place, and is ne-
cessary to the validity of the-cession.—(1 Kent's
Com., 177.) Nctr even after- that is Texas extin-
guished, as some have argued; she is still in politi-
cal being, as a territory of the Union, and with full
claims to enforce her rights,' in due time and on
equal terms, to become a State.
An act of legislation in'tlie form of a compact is
no stronger than a law of Congress carrying the
treaty into effect by establishing a territorial govern-
ment, and making the proper appropriations and
provisions. If the^e are done, then our people have
assented through their proper and accustomed agents
for such purposes, and Congress has assented, as well
as Texas, both its government and people. Weshall
stand towards each other in all these respects, and shall
continue to as we and our new separate States and ter-
ritories do. The matter has thus duly commenced with
a treaty. We take by it one step. A treaty, too,
is the usual instrument f®r making agreements with
foreign powers. It is defined to be "a compact of
accommodation relating to public affairs." And if
enforced by an act of Congress carrying its provi-
sions into effect, it will have all the form and
substance in its course to completion, which
any legislative compact of union between countries
"before in domestic relations could possess in Eng-
land or here.
Some confusion has arisen on this.point, I ap-
prehend, from not adverting to the circumstance
, that, in this case, the ceded territory and its govern-
ment are foreign, and not like those using legisla-
tion alone, already in some degree connected as do-
mestic members of the same sovereign—like Scot-
land and Ireland. And so far from Texas'being
thus conquered, or annihilated, or degraded, or de-
frauded, she is elevated to our own platform; her priv-
ileges gained are quite equal to ours; her star is
placed in our galaxy, rather than extinguished; and
the union is alike honorable and advantageous to all
concerned.
Another new objection has been pressed, that the
cession contains too much land, and is thus not a
duty, but a wrong, and exposes us to unavoidable
collisions with other powers. But, unfortunately
for this ground, the cession does not describe any
particular quantity of land, or extend the limits of
Texas to any specified boundaries whatever. It
merely, in speaking of its extent, says, "all its terri-
tories." We can hold, then, or claim, only "all its
. territories," its true and rightful boundaries, be they
more or less. So was it with the purchase of Lou-
isiana, without any other limitations; and Bonaparte
declined to make any specific ones, when asked,
(see Marbois's History of Louisiana,) but for a
reason directly the reverse to that- which existed
here, "the boundary being left without specifica-
tion" here, in order to avoid difficulty.—(See the
Texian documents.)
The better opinion certainly is that the old Texas
run west to the mouth of the Rio del Norte on the
Gulf, though Mr. Jefferson, as a compromise, was
willing to stop at the Nueces or Colorado, and even
, the Gtaudaloupe; and General Jackson, in 1829,
; proposed to buy only to the centre of the desert be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio del Norte; but in 1835
he wished to go quite to the latter, as did Messrs.
Adams and Clay in 1825 and 1827.—(Doc. House
of Reps., Sept. 1837, on Texas,' 2 Foote's History,
393.)
, Most people considered the line to run north on
that river only to the mountains,, though the legisla-
ture of Texas, by a law, have claimed to run to its
source-. But Texas, by a m«re law, could acquire no
title beyond what she conquered from Mexico,' and
actually governed. Hence, though her law includes
more than the ancient Texas, she could hold and
convey only that; or, at the uttermost, only what
she exercised clear jurisdiction over. As to that,
there is, and can be no. eventual contest; and the
deed of cession, like one by an individual at common
law, would practically pass no more than was
owned; and under it the grantee would get no more
if he could, and could not if he would.*
Another reason assigned why it is not our duty to
accept this cession is, that the Senate, by ratifying
the treaty, do, in conjunction with the President, de-
clare war; when, by the constitution, it cannot .be
declared without the consent of the whole of Con-
gress. This entirely falls to the ground if my
views are right, that all treaties like this are inoper-
ative till a law of Congress passes to carry them
into effect. For then, before its validity is perfected
so as to produce war, the whole of Congress assents.
Even in England, an act of Parliament is necessary
to give effect to some treaties, as was held here in
Jay's treaty in 1796; and in other treaties after the
late war—as well as in the treaties for purchasing
Louisiana and the Floridas. Whenever money is
to be paid, "or officers appointed, and a territorial gov-
ernment organized, an act of Congress is indispensa-
ble to complete its operations. Hence, without going
into the question, how wide a range of discretion
exists in passing or not passing such an act, war is
not declared, nor waged, till Congress choses to do it
by a subsequent act. If, before that, it is commenced
against'us wrongfully, as it may be on this or any
other occasion, Congress still retains the power to
repel it or negotiate. On the very theory upon the
other side, the act of the President and Senate alone,
so far as regards war, is beyond its authority, and
negatory by the constitution. How, then, can the
President and Senate alone make or wage a war?
and how ill-grounded are the fears that, by ratifying
the treaty, the Senate compromises the country in
hostilities'
"The Senate and President can form a treaty of
alliance; but the country cannot, and will not, there-
by be plunged into a war, unless Congress assent.
So, on the other hand, they form a treaty of neu-
trality or of peace, and yet the country will not
and cannot be retained in a state of peace, if Con-
gress pleases to declare war.—(See 4 Jefferson's
Life, page 498.)
At the utmost, in this case, the President and the
Senate cannot adopt any thing which does not exist;
and, therefore, as only a liability exists to war,
they can adopt but a liability, and not war itself;
* The law of Texas, including in her claim more
than she actually occupied, doubtless originated very mpo-
cently in the following section of the compact by Santa An-
na with President Burnet m 1S36, agreeing solemnly that
Texas shoula extend not only to the mouth of the Rio del
Norte, but thence to it?? source:
"otii. That the following be, and the same arc hereby, es-
tablished and made the lines of demarcation between the two
republics of Mexico and of Texas, to wit: Ihe line shall
commence at the estuary or mouth of the Rio Grande, on
the western bank thereof, and f-hall pursue the same bank
up the said mcr, to the point where the river assumes the
name of the Rio Bravo del Norte, 1'iom which point it shall
proceed on the said western bank to the head waters, or
source of said river—it hems understood that thejterms Rio
Grande and ilio Bravo del Norte apply to and designate one
and the same stream. From the source of said river, the
principal Ijeud branch being taken to ascertain that source,
a due aoith line shall be run until it shall intersect the boun-
dary hne established and described in the treaty negotiated
by and between the government of Spam and the govern-
ment of the United States ©f the North: which line was sub-
sequently transferred to and adopted an the treaty of limits
made between the government of Mexico and that of the
United States; and from thi^ point of intersection the line
shall be the same as was made and established in and by
the several tieat:es abcve-mentioncd, to continue to the
mouth or outlet of the Sabine river, and from thence to the
Gulf of -fexico.''— (See 2 Foot's His., 314, compact between
Texas and Santa Anna in I83o )
And some articles in the newspapers, very ably written,
in 1839, hod also insisted, that the country ceded and lost
by us in iai9 contained -225,000 000 of acres Whereas the
whole land claimed by Tex4s, rightfully or wronglully, and
in actual possession o'r not, and whether too much or too
little is onl5 203.320,000 acres according to the official map
before us, and that number of acres claimed m lS^0, cannot
be obtained without going to the utmost limit of the boun-
daries since laid down on this map, on the South and North
and East as well as West
and that liability is neither just in itself, nor con-
tenanced by the rest of the world. The utmost
which the ratification accomplishes, even were
the treaty operative without &n act of Congress, is
to adapt or expose oursehfes" to the" state of things
which exists no)v between Mexico and Texas.
We will soon endeavor to show that this state is
now but constructive war; that its actual renewal
would be' unjust;, that the conducting-of it, if' as-for-
merly, is contrary to the law of nations; an'd hence,
so far from assuming what is either dangerous or
just, we shall perform ;a national duty to interfere
in this matter, by' negotiation, and hazard some-
thing if necessary, to prevent arecurrenceof more
such bloodshed, as well as restore tranquillity and
durable peace toMhis quarter of theglo'be.
Some have inagmfifea the danger of war, and even
proclaimed it as war itself, that the President has or-
dered a portion of our army and navy to- the points
which will be most exposed in case Mexico com-
mences-threatened hostilities against us, or the re-
newal of old ones against Texas. •
But these movements are all with a view to' the
preservation of peace, rather than the waging of
war. They are precautionary and prudent, rather
than belligerent. The" officers are in all cases
expressly forbidden to engage in hostilities, but
required merely to watch and report facts. The
same was done in 1829, by General Jackson.—■
(See 2 Kennedy, -242, 205, and 2760 And in
1837, b.y Mr. Van Buren, and at the East on the
disputed territory, as well as in Texas beyond
, the Sabine ' • The chief difference is, that in this
case, more forbearance and caution appear, and
not a single line of boundary is allowed to be crossed,
nor a gun fired, without authority of Congcess, nor
a single dollar of new expense incurred.—(See the
official document.) In 1810 we had the first edition
of this cry of war, for marching troops. That was
a much stronger case; for Mr. Madison then
marched troops into a disputed territory, and used
force to get possession of it. He was met with the
same complaint of war and assumption of the powers
of the two Houses.
Mr. Horsey, one of the ablest federalists, ex-
claimed:
"Sir, what is the nature and import of this proclamation?
In my humble conception—both legislative and war—war,
because it directs the occupation of this territory by a mill*
tary force.' The, regular troops of the United States are
ordered to march, and aid the militia if necessary.
"Legislative, by-annexing it to Orleans territory."—(See
Nat. Int: 1st January, 1810.)
But no impeachment was ever presumed on for
that or other supposed misbehavior, except that
James Madison, the great expounder and practi-
tioner, under the constitution in our most try-
ing times, was, by Cyrus King, denounced as, ir his
estimation, deserving a halter; and by Josiah Q,uincy,
who, I believe, obtained one vote, solitary and alone,
in favor of his impeachment.
The use of the army and navy by the executive,
in time of peace, may often expose the country to
war; but it is not, and cannot be, a declaration of war
on our part, as that can only be made by Congress.
True, in 1831,'the administration sent a part of the
navy around the globe, and attacked and burnt a
town at the antipodes; but it was not a declaration
of war; on the contrary, if was provident protection
in peace of our citizens and their commerce. And
though it might have been deemed by others a cause
of war on us, and a matter of impeachment here, as
was threatened, yet it was, in truth, none the less
right and justifiable, both under our own. constitu-
tion and the laws of nations. I advised it then, and
gave the order, and would do it again, und6r like cir-
cumstances.
The next and the most alarming objection, with
many, to its being our duty to take the cession of
Texas is, that we are thus assuming an actual war,
or are in danger of becoming involved in actual hos-
tilities If this were the truth, it would then surely
behoove us not to risk these without counting the
cost, or finding, after careful examination, that our
duty to take the cession was, under all the circum-
stances, paramount to all such dangers.
Though war be undoubtedly a great calamity,
standing by itself, yet it is often much preferable to
dishonor; is often expedient for self-preservation;
and, at times, is demanded by the highest obliga-
tions of national honor and duty.
Let us, then, first see whether the danger to which
we are expQS^d, by taking the cession, has hereto-
fore been deemed sufficient to prevent our taking it.
In 1825, Spain and Mexico were at war, and the
former in actual possession of the-most important
