Jane, 1844. t
28th Cong 1st Sess*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
fortress of tlic country; and in 1829 poured her
troops into Mexico in flagrante bello. And that state
of things was even urged by our government as an
additional inducement to Mexico alone to cede Tex-
as, rather than regarding it, as would seem now, an
insuperable obstacle to a proper cession without the
consent of both belligerents, or without our becoming
involved in hostilities, which it may not be our duty
to risk.
Some seem to doubt the existence of as much war
then as now, and would thus break the great and
acknowledged force of these two cases, as precedents
directly in point.
But how are the recorded facts?
Beside many statements in the public press, cited
by the senator from Mississippi, showing the actual
War then, there are many other proofs.
Mr. Clay May 10th, 1825, while negotiating,
exhorted Russia to make Spain acknowledge
the independence of her colonies, and restore peace,
instead of the war then known to be raging. He
threatened that otherwise the provinces should
send privateers on the coast of Spain, and capture
Guba, "towards terminating the existing contest be-
tween Spain and her colonies.'5—(Blount, B'S p.) He
urged the Emperor to lend his aid towards the "con-
clusion of the war between Spainand her colonies."—
(Letter to Middleton, 89 p.,-Aug. 27, 1825.) The
castle of Ullqa—the key of Mexico—was then in pos-
session of Spain; and yet no forbearance nor objec-
tions were then entertained on account of the claims,
interests, or complaints of Spain.
Further than this: how stood the case in 1829: Then,
our .Secretary speaks of the particularly threatening
attitude of Spain, and the "policy to part with a por-
tion to obtain means to defend the residue.—(p. 15,
House Doc., No. 40, Sept., 1837.) The Presi-
dent not only admitted the existence, of actual
war with Spain in September, 1829, (Niles's Regis-
ter, 71,) but our government, beside the above argu-
ment, founded on the existence of hostilities, de-
spatched a naval force to the coast of Mexico to pro-
tect our commerce during the war. And the Mexi-
can Secretary of State subsequently, in a public
annunciation, made it a topic of complaint against
the United States, that our administration, under the
distractions and perils of their conflict with Spain,
or, to use his own words, while engaged "in repel-
ling the Spanish invasion, had pushed for a cession
of Mexico, under the hope that Mexico would then
part with Texas more readily."—(See the document
in Adams's speech in National Intelligencer of 19th
July, 1838.) Yet no apprehension of being invohed
in a war then obstructed our negotiations, and was
deemed sufficient to obviate our duty to obtain the
cession. Nor was any apprehension then felt that our
duty was violated by taking the cession from Mexico
during an actual war with Soain, and eight to ten
years before the latter made any recognition of the
independence of the former. JNTothing was commu-
nicated to Spam asking her consent; no offer was
made to her of compensation; nothing deprecated
as to her hostility.
And who ever then heard, as now, that a purchase
from Mexico would be perfidious tovaids unof-
fending S;)ain.' a breach of the solemnity of our
treaties with her? or an exposure of ourselves to the
condemnation of the civilized world, as grasping
and-ambitions?
But aside from these precedents, showing the
sense of duty which urged onward to this acquisi-
tion both Mt-isis. Adams and Clay, as well as
Jackson and Van Buren, notwithstanding the actu-
al war then raging, it may be well to ascertain
whether any actual war exists now, as well as
whether one has of late been waged in a manner to
justify its longercontinuance, either against Texas,
or any power that may become allied to her. All
the categorical assertions, that an actual war has
been carried on by Mexico, for eiaht ypars patt,
and wiili great vigor and success, (Mr. Choaie,)
ynd in a humane form beyond even that pursued
usually by either England or France, are disproved
not only by the ministers of Texas, entitled by
their stations to full credence, but by Mr. Webster
himself, in his grave official charaeti r as Secretary
of State.
Let us read what he, as well as they, stale on
the point ofan actual war duting that eight yeais:
"From the time of the battle of San Jacinto, in April, 193G,
to the present moment, Texas had exhibited the &aine ex-
ternal signs of national independence as Mexico herself,
and with quite as much stability of government. Practical-
ly free and independent, acknowledged as a political sov-
ereignty by the principal powers of the world, no hostile
foot finding rest within her territory for six or seven years,
49
and Mexico herself refraining for all that period from any
further attempt to re-establish her own authority over that
territory."—(Webster, Julj' 1, 1842, to Thompson.)
Yet, in the face of this, the senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Choate] "speaks of the "tremendous
vigor with which Mexico had carried on the war;"
and "her effective success;" and her "armed occu-
pation" of Texas.
Again, Mr. Webster says, after' the battle of
St. Jacinto, "The war was from that time at an enc?."
In another letter, (of April 5, 1842, "Webster to
Thompson, 4th Senate Document, No. 325, in 1842,
page 13,) he says:
"No efibitfor the &ubjugdtion of Texa^ has been made
by Mexico from the time of the battle of St Jacinto, on the
21st April, 1836, until the commencement of the present
yearj and durmg ail this period Texas has maintained an
mdependent government, carried on. commerce, and made
treaties with nations m both hemispheres, and kept aloof all
attempts at invading her territory."
Again Mr. Webster says to Mr. Thomson, 31st
July, 1843-
"It is contemplated by this government to remonstraie
ix a moke formal maxner with Alextco at a period not far
distant, unless she shall consent to make peace with Texas,
or shall show the disposition and ability to proseevte the war
with, respectable forces
Finally, 22d June, 1842, Mr. Webster to Thomp-
son, says: "Nothing is more probable than that the
renewal of the war between Mexico and Texas,
would," &c.
He states "the President's clear and strong con-
viction that the war is not only useless, but hopeless,
without attainable object; injurious to both parties,
and likely to be, in its continuance, annoying and vex-
atious toother commercial nations."
This is quite enough from one Secretary, and he
the senator's political friend, to show the impotent,'
and irregular, and censurable character of the hostil-
ities as designed for any reconquest. Similar were
the views of his successor.
Mr. Upshur to Mr. Thompson, 27th July, 1843,
says, also, that "the present hostilities are not regular
and hardly civilized; tend only to harass and not
subdue. Mexico should assert and maintain her
supremacy, or generously abandon the claim."
"She has a right to reconquer, but her right must
be enforced seasonably, or be abandoned for the peace
and commerce of the rest of the world."
The views of the Tcxian authorities correspond
with this: "Never, since eighteen hundred and thir«
ty-six, has Mexico attempted anything of the char-
acter of a general invasion of Texas, or conducted
the war upon any plan calculated to test the superi-
ority of the two nations upon the field of battle, and
bring the war to a close by the arbitrament of arms."
—(Confidential document, 12th and 15th pp.)
How justly, then, can it be said:
"Scarce a hostile foot. even 1'iuni Mexico, profaned her
soil, from 183b, when Santa Anna publicly stipulated with
her to end the war, 1842.''
This, if no more, was to be expected, after his
pledges and compacts. The express engagement
made by Santa Anna, May 18th, 183G, to put an
end to the war, and obtain the recognition of her in-
dependence by Mexico, is at length in Niles's Re-
gister, 414 p., for Aug., 1836.—(2 Kennedy, 233.)
See his reasons for it, in his letter to J houston and
conversation here.—(Niles^ Restaur, 9th, and 23
Ap., 1842.) The compliance wuh u ? . so far as
regalds any regular war, or one ui an) utgree com-
petent or designed for a reconquc.U, ]•« t.ie only apol-
ogy he can have for not surrenuci.ng himself and
Ins troops again to Texas, for a failure by Mexico
to fulfil the rest of it. Honor and morality forbid
his conduct in not returning, unless he intended vir-
tually to end the war, in pursuance of his engage-
ment.
The declarations made by him in this city confess
all this. So those made after his reaching home, and
when free from any suspicion of fear or duress, con-
firm the same aspect of the case. In a If iter which
he addressed to General Jackson, dated at Colum-
bia, Texas, July 4, 1836, he says:
"When I ofti-red to treat with this government, 1 u as con-
vinced that it was useless fo/ Mexico to contince the ur,,. I
hare ucijuncd exact injoi /nation rtsjnctin* the country, vhich I
<h(f not ji< s,ti>  font /iionjiti a^o. I have too much zeal for
the mu*re-.ts ot my countrj to wi°h Joi an} thin.* which 3^
not compatible with them Bein^ always ready to saci lice
rr.y«elf toi its «;K>ry and advantage, i never u ould ha\ e hes-
itated to subject m\ sell to toiments or death, iathei than
consent to an> compromise, if Mexico cnuld there1)} ol-tain
the slightest benefit. I am firmly convinced liiaf it is jnopt •
to terminate this question by political negotiation."
During the eight years past, and especially within
the last two, at times, there have been a paper war
and marauding; and, to put an end to the irregular
and occasional incursions that have sometimes hap-
pened during that period, an armistice has been: pro^
posed by Mexico, which, being exceptionable in its
terms, is reported never to have been ratified by
Texas. So that the question (whether it may btf
aided by an armistice, which admits a temporary
peace, and, in the case between Holland and Spain,
lasted twelve years, and was succeeded by a dura-
ble peace; or may be embarrassed by it, as some
suppose, by its implying the existence of a previous
war) is probably free from this difficulty; and if
Texas^ is taken by us now, we take with her neither
an existing war nor probably any existing armis-
tice.
The documents communicated to us lately, show
that the armisticc, so much talked of, has never been
ratified by the two governments; and it is evident
that no regular war existed, to be suspended by an
armistice.
The Texian ministers, speaking of the supposed
armistice,- say:
"The negotiations having thus terminated, and this agree-
ment being held to be null and void, theie is at present no
subsisting arrangement of any character between Mexico
and Texas."
Our own minister at Mexico entertains the same
views:
"Mexico, Feb. 2, 1844-
# * # # * *
' I am informed that the negotiation with Texas forpeacej-
is not only broken oft. hut that the armistice has also beert
suspended. \ ou will remember that, from the beginning
of this matter, levpiessed the opinion that nothing vtould
come of it. It v. as only a device on the p'srt cl S<>nta Annit
to relieve him liomthe difficulty in which he had involved
hnnself by his threats and piomises of reconquering Texas,
which he knows peiftrctl} well 1-5 impossible. There may
be other marauding forays, like that of General Well, re-
peating more rnpiiilj- than the} advanced But astoany
regular and iea?onably sufficient force invading the coun-
try, the thing is impossible, nnd Will not be attempted.
They cannot -raise money to support such an army two
months.
"My opinion notwithstanding all their vaporing and
gasconade, that the most agreeable thing tf* hauta Anna
•would he an authoritative interposition of our government
to put an end to the war, as he would then say that "tte were
too strong lor them to contend with.''
An armistice, when made by governments, and
not military men as this was, acknowledges the sep-
arate national existence and rights of each, and thus
virtually surrenders the point in controversy. Such
was that with Holland and Spain.
To make any state of things a war for the pur-
pose of reconquest, it must be with a will and a forc«
adequate to the object, or apparently so. It must
be something beside proclamations, and th6 occa-
sional murder of non-combatants and piratical plun-
dering, it must oe public force, and not, as Cowper
says, words, or ua duel in the for in of a debate
Grotius (bcok 1, chapter 1, page 38) defines war,
from Cicero, to be "a dispute by force." And
though custom may call the state rr disposition to
use force a war, yet common sense seems to look
to the act of force as alone real war.
But the entire cessation of hostilities from 1836 to
1842, and the occasional, as well as contemptible in-
cursions since, indicate the abandonment of any
war of reconquest, a.nd are not that spccirs of hos-
tilities, which, in their character, keep up a claim
of right, or can be recognised on any principles of
national lav;, a? precluding other nations to consider
Texas, both dejure and de facto, a so\ereign State.
Much less are we likely, by a union with Texas,
to be involved in actual hostilities, when none are
waging, when none could, probably, avail anything
of good to Mexico, and when none have occurred at
all adequate to reconquest for near half a generation.
If, as the senator from Missouri correctly stated
on the 1st instant, Mexico is utterly unnble to con-
quer Texas, (the opposite opinion fiom that ex-
pressed by the senator from Massachusetts,) if an
invader would, by her own resources, be driven
like chaff before the whirlwind, and a defeat of him
be deemed a mere holyday, pray inform me what kind
of a petty, wretched', uncertain war do we risk by
uniting with Texas? and how little it should stand
in the way of our high duty to take the cession?
What kind of a contemptible war do we assume or
risk, either in this way, or by presenting any con-
stitutional aid if invaded, while the ratification of
the treaty i.- pending-? Who believes ruy su^h in-
vasion will be attempted, now or hereafter, when
so disastrous will he the consequences to Mexico—
even by Texas alone?
The danger in the path of our action is, not
only uncertain, remote, and small, but it is of a
mere constructive war, that has been prosecuted
