June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
28th Cong 1st Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
ored by all cruelty and all excess; in the name and for the
hunoi of this whole hemisphere; it protests emphatically
and earnestly against practices belonging only to barbarous
people, in barbarous times.
"Every nation, un being received, at her own request,
into the cucle ofcivih/ed governments, must understand
that she not only atteins rights of sovereignty, and the
dignity of national character, but that she binds herself
also to the strict and faithful observance of all those prin-
ciples, laws and usages, •which have obtained currency
among civilized states, and which have for their object the
mitigatiou of the miseries of war."—(Webster, April 5,
1842.)
"No community can be allowed to enjoy the benelit of
national character in modern times, without submitting to
all the duties which that character imposes. A Christian
people who exercise sovereign power, who make treaties,
maintain diplomatic relation's with other btates, and who
should yet refuse to conduct its military operations accord-
ing to the usages universally observed' by such states,
would present a character singularly inconsistent and
anomalous.''—(Webster, April 5, 1342.)
Let us stop, then, if possible, by this alliance with
Texas, the ferocious and cruel course of Mexico; her
barbarous warfare on women and children; the
letting loose of Indian butchery and conflagration;
the assaults by a convict banditti for plunder; the
shooting, in cold blood, of prisoners of war, or im-
muring then in dungeons and chains. I would re-
member that Lord Chatham appealed to the very
tapestry on the walls of Parliament to frown on
them for an indulgence in any such barbarous prac-
tices, as the portrait of the father of his country, on
that wall, would now frown on us, if we justified
such practices.
Belligerents have no right to ask from neutrals
respect to belligerent conduct, unless it be of a
Christian character, and such as is tolerated by the
laws of civilized nations. But, on the contrary,
they are justified in an armed neutrality, or in
leagues, or alliances, to put an end to such inhu-
manities,, as well as to their longer disturbance of the
sympathies, commerce, and peace of other nations.
But enough as to the principles, applicable to
such a case, which justify us in risking even war if
necessary to end these outrages. But I regret that
one senator [Mr. Ckoate] has denied the existence
of such atrocities on the part of Mexico, and has
treated her as a most republican and "unoffending"
power.*
Indeed, sir, Mexico has been eulogized as a na-
tion that has carried on a constant and humane
war with Texas; and, at the same time, with much
skill and success. What, sir? The success of eight
millions of people against one-third of a million; and,
after seven years, have not regained a single acre of
land; but lost armies and chiefs by capture, and im-
plored the clemency and release of them from the
hciodful of lion hearts and eagle eyes and brave
arm* which, nerved by freedom, -have stood up
valiantly agoivst oppn3.ssion till the present moment!
But let us see how the facts accoi d with that sena-
tor's views. The evidence as to the moral and
i ,-?nduct of Mexican warfare, as described
h-y • Von 7, .-iilt officially, and whose high and
rco'^iH.>ed station here entitles him to full credence,
is this: '
"-.V-exico has been depredating upon the property of our
exposed 1 defenceless frontier, murdering the inhabitants
in cold blood, or forcing them away into a loathsome and too
often fatal captivity, inciting the numerous tribes of hostile
Indian*, who reside along our northern frontier, to plunder
our exposed settlements, stimulating them to the most cruel
and barbarous massacres and inhuman butcheries even ot
our defenceless women and children, and to commit e\ery
exccss of savage warfare —(Con Doc., pp 12, lo, Van
2an'It to Upshur )
Listen, next, on the facts, to Mr. "Webster. In a
letter to Mr. Thompson, he speaks of (31 January,
1843) "predatory incursions in which the proclama-
tion and promises of the Mexican commander are
flagrantly violated, con-combatants seized and de-
tained as prisoners of war, and private property used
and destroyed. Yet the senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Choate] doubts all this, has no sympa-
thy nor complaint for this, but eulogizes Mex-
•*In the debate, it was averred that the right^ of conscience
and religion had never been invaded by .Viexico, mid we'ie
similar under both governments, and protected in one , s
well a*. ihp other. Yv'ith a view to correct this, and to show
that Mexico, if unoifendiug, is not exactly the bulwark of
our religion, {at least of the Protestant religion of ihe
1 add an extract from the constitution of each on this
subject:
'\\To preference shall be given by law to any religious de-
nomination oi* mode of worship, over another; but every
person shell be permitted to oiship God according to the
dictates of Ins own conscience.'—(Texian constitution, doc.
415, p 10, H of Rep , June 21th, 1836 )
'•The religion of the Mexican nation is, and will-be per-
petually . the lloman Catholic Apostolic. The nation will
protect it by wise and just laws, and prohibit the exercis® of
any other whatever."—(Mexican constitution, 2 Kennedy's
-History, p. 433-)
ico as humane, "unoffending," and successful
—yes, humane! Though when Mr. Thomp-
son remonstrated with Mexico for predatory forays,
&c., the minister virtually confessed the whole by
vindicating it, m saying "that prisoners taken were
not entitled to any of the privileges of prisoners of
war; but that they were rebels, and woulu be so treat-
ed," &c.—(10 p.-Doc., Confidential, March 14,
1843.)
Hear Mr. Webster further as to the facts about
some other prisoners:
"Tlie privations and indignities to which they were sub-
jected during theirmarcli 01 two thousand miles to the city
of Mexico, at the most inclement season of the year, weie
horrible, and 11 they w ere not well authenticated, it would
have been incredible that the) should have been mllicted in
this a^e, and m a country ending ilstlj Cinibtian and civil-
iz d During many days they had no lood, and on otlieis
only two ears of corn \\ ere distributed to each mail. i u
sustain life, therefore, they were compelled to sell, on their
way, the few remnants ol clothing which their captois liad
leit them; but, by seeking to appease their hunger, they in-
creased the misery wlncli tin.v alieady endured lrom expo-
sure to the cold. Most dreadtul of all, however, seveial ol
them, disabled by sickness and suflermg from keeping up
with the others, were deliberately s/ior, without any provo-
cation. ThObC who survived to their journey's end, were
many of them afliieted with loathsome disease, and those
whose health was not broken down have been treated, not
as the public law lequiies, but m a manner harsh and vin-
dictive, and with a degree ot seventy equal at least to that
usually inflicted by the municipal codes of the most civil-
ized and Christian States upon the basestjetons. Indeed, they
appear to have been ranked with these, being thrust into
the same dungeon with .Mexican malefactors, chained to them
in pairs, and when allowed to see the light, and breathe the
air of heaven, required, as a compensation therefor, to la-
bor, beneath the Ja; h of a taskmaster, upon roads and public
works of that country.''
Though the senator from Massachusetts may dis-
credit all the enormities so feelingly described l>y
his friend, the late Secretary of State, and may think
the hostilities to be now humane and successful, and
Texas, if not protected or ceded to us, likely, ere
long, to be reconquered by Mexico, can he, 011 re-
flection, think of that event with so much apparent
and unmingled satisfaction? What, sir? Our breth-
ren and children, decoyed there by new and liberal
colonization laws of Mexico, and then stripped of
their privileges, their constitution violated, and then-
rights of conscience invaded, and their Saxon blood
humiliated, and enslaved to Moois, Indians, and
mongrels? When prisorters of war and non-com-
batants, are they to be plundered, shot, or imprison-
ed in dungeons like felons, and compelled to labor
like slaves? Is all Ins sympathy and patriotism to
tell them, if disliking that, tftey may submit to the
holy-alhance claims of Mexico, or take lel'uge un-
der the power of England—recolomzed to the power
their fathers defied, and resubjectcd to a monarchy
and established churcli? 1 do not profess to use his
words, but to show the tendency of his argument.
Will the senator from Missouri concur with lum 111
this view? No, sir; 110. In another part ot his
speech, the senator from Massachusetts admits that
much blood"is yet lo be spilt there. However near
the reconquest appears to him 'iiui' so \ porous a
war of eight yeais by eight 1 1.' ■ c; people
against two or three hundred Uin , it much
more is to bo so spilt, why ouglu ... us to seek,
by the ratification of this tre. ,ent the ca-
lamity and the uncLiistian sta, on civilization,
as well as save our kin from tin bl. bondage, as
I regard tl.eir resubjngvtion, but u.- great blessings,
as he seems to consider them, of an early reconquest
by ihefne, enlightened, and unifunitng Mexicans'
But there are otiiei views ot the existing rela-
tions between Mexico and Texas, which render the
reannexation not only free from exposure to any
actual or just war, but an act.of high national duty
for relief to a weak and oppressed neighbor. Thus
it is repeatedly laid down by writers on national law,
that nations inay properly assist each other, when
their rights ate violated, whether, in consequence of
such violation, they change the old raters or old gov-
ernment, or divide and declare a part independent.
(Kent 24 p., Yattel B. 2, ch. 4, sec. 56.) Vattel
hence approves "the case of the Prince of^Orange
as a justifiable interference" in the affairs of England,
and Kent says: "The assistance that England gave
to the United Netherlands, and the assistance that
France gave to this country during the war of the
revolution, were justifiable acts, founded m wisdom and
policy." And Spam herself, once, through her gov-
ernor in Florida, claimed from us the enforcement of
this principle.
Governor Folch (December 2, 1810, 3 State Pa-
pers, 396) asks our aid to expel insurgents, as "the
United States, who profess the exercise of equity,
cannot exempt themselves from taking part with
the party nnjustly oppressed." In national, as well as
personal conflicts, the duty of others to interpose,
and protect the weak and oppressed, is a principle
of human nature.—(1 Martin's Law of Nations, p,
80 ) ltisinstinct. It is justified by reason; and sym-
pathy carried into action in such cases tends to enno-
ble our common origin and destination; and, if the
case is one even of doubtful character, humanity
turns the scales in favor of the weak.
The relief must, of course, be rendered against
the party in the wrong, as we have already shown
Mexico to be—not only on the American prin-
ciples of self-government, but on those of a just re-
sistance to her arbitrary outrages, and the uncivil-
ized manner of her past hostilities, and the opinion
of most of Christendom against her further efforts to
conquer Texas. The former has been aggressive—
the latter only defensive. The former feels power
and forgets right, while the latter has never asked
either authority, privileges, or treatment, but such
as our fathers before them fought and bled lo estab-
lish. It is a prominent object in man y treaties to
consult, not only the "common tranquillity of both
nations," as an object, (1 Col. of Treaties, page
122,) but the rights of humanity and civilization
among the rest of the world. I am no alarmist,
nor shall I contribute to any panic debate; but, in
my opinion, it is always the right, and at times the
duty, of every nation to interpose, not only urge the
cessation from an unjust war like that of Mexico,
but, if need be, to form treaties, and supply troops
and means for its suppression. I would dissuade
from interference like that of the Holy Alliance, to
prevent a people from exercising the power of self-
government. I would justify no Copenhagen
seizures of the vessels of an unoffending neutral.
Nor would I wander over the world to distant,
nations, to redress grievances concerning which
our knowledge was limited, and with which neither
our interests nor tranquillity were much connected.
This would, in some cases, as it has with England,
border on political quixotism. Buton my own con-
tinent—011 my own frontier—as to a people of my
own stock and faith—and a territory once and for a
whole generation my own—I woulu not hesitate
to form a peaceful alliance, and, if need br, to exer-
cise every national influence for protection to the
weak and oppressed.
Let me entreat senators to recollcct for a moment
how often tins has been done, even by crowned
heads, whose tendency has been more f >r war
than republics; and in ages less civilized even
than this; and by as well as against some pow-
ers who, in the very treaties, were so near ruder
periods as, amongother titles, to retain that of "King
of the Goths and Vandals."
Thus, as early as 1585 and 1591, are such treaties
to be found in modern times.—(1 Chahneis's Trea-
ties, and 3 Collection of Treaties.) In 1C59, Febru-
ary 3, a treaty was made between Richard Crom-
well and Louis the 14th to mediate between Sweden
and Denmark, Slid if these powers would not make
peace, to help Sweden, and if Fiance 01 England
was, in consequence of it, attacked, they engaged to
make theirdcfence a common cause.—-(3 Col. of Trea-
ties.) Another of similar tenor "for obliging the
northern kings to make peace," was entered into
May 21, 1659, by France, England, and the united
provinces. They were to use their fleets, if neces-
sary, and to try, through their ambassador at Den-
mark and Sweden, to secure their commerce in the
Baltic free and undamaged.—(191 page.) Another
on the 24th of July, lti59, between England and
the United Pros inces, "for inducing Sweden and
Denmark to make peace;-' and whichcrer power
did not consent to it in a fortnight, Mas to be in-
duced by using their fleets against her; ( 197 p.) and
another still was made August 16th, of the same
year, between some of these powers "f or procui i g
a peace" between the others, by the employment of
theii navies m concert, if necessary.
Elizabeth, by assistance to the Netherlands in
various ways, helped to secure e triamph of the
Protestant religion, and to build up the naval power
of England, 80 as 10 triumph -\er rhilip's invinci-
ble armada. She made a trt v of alliance with
them near forty years before Spain acknowledged
their independence.—(1 Chalmers, 123 p.)
Again, in 1603, her successor, James the First, and
Henry the 4th of France, entered into a compact to
mediate with Spam for the recognition of the inde-
pendence of Holland, and in the event, that the par-
ties could not be reconciled on just terms, they mads
the important stipulation to aid the side least
