<72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June,.1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
bora, and aid each other, if assailed by Spain (1
Col, of Treaties,-138 Attd 9.)
In 1668, (1 Odi. of Treaties, 136,) a triple alir
*ince was between Charles the Second of Eng-
land, ami Charles Second of Sweden, and the
jNettoedaiids. They professed to feel much grief at
tiie ■calamities of the war which had involved most
t>f Christendom; and provided that, if Spain would
Viot accede to what they thought reasoaable terms,
and end those calamities, they would take "more
efficacious measures*"—(141 p.) If England or
the Netherlands were attacked^ the number of
ships and troops to be mutually furnished was
arranged; and the King; ft? Sweden, on rertain sub-
sidies, was to assi&tj&ftd if France proved unreasona-
ble and stubborn, he was to "side with Spain, and
make war against France."—(p. 145.)
Can any of us forget, also, without more details
as to earlier ages, the memorable alliance by France
to aid us in 1778, when weak and oppressed, and
which, as before seen, the soundest writers on na-
tional law have justified?
In 1825, (September 20th,) Mexico and Co-
lombia made a similar treaty for mutual defence
and independence, against Spam.—(26 and 29 Niles's
Reg. p. 356.)
Ana the celebrated Congress of Panama was pro-
jected for a lilce purpose, among others. Indeed, by
the last arrivals* the British writers in politics are,
on this same principle, excusing the recent interfer-
ence of England in favor of the people of Scinde,
and against its ameers or princes. Speaking of the
latter, the Foreign (Quarterly Review for January,
1844, says: "They were in reality tyrants; and, in
delivering the inhabitants of Scinde fiom their yoke,
we were performing good service to humanity," &c.
No more signal instances exist in modern times
of this interference of other powers to assist the op-
pressed and terminate protracted hostilities—inju-
rious to the common interest of the world—than
those memorable ones, as to suffering Grecce in
!827; as to Belgium in 1831, and Turkey in the
Syrian war by Ali Pacha in 1832.
Though some of the Holy Alliance were engaged
in these h&mane enterprises, yet others united with
them; and the object of the whole, so far from being
similar to that of the Holy Alliance, and hostile to
changes of government by the people, was, in the
fcase of Greece and Belgium, it>r protection under
those changes, and to end a struggle which might
be protracted and useless against them, as well as
dangerous to the general peace of Europe.
The former case was deemed one of so justifiable
an interference here, as well as abroad, that "a uni-
veitial burst of acclamation" is said, by one ofour
whig annalists, to have "haded the first news of the
victory of Navarino, throughout civilized America
and Europe." And the distinct object then for the
movements of the allied powers, as shadowed forth
in their treaty of July 6, 1827, was to restore peaoe
io Europe; and, though the Greeks were considered
by them to be in a state of revolt against their law-
ful sovereign, yet they were desirous to protect them
from destruction and the ravages of a barbarous
system of warfare.—(3 Blount's Reg'stcr, 228-0.
6 do. 158.)
In the case of Belgium, the five powers, England,
France, Austria, Russia, and Prussia, agreed to a pro-
toool on the 4th of Nov. 1830, by which they required
a cessation of hostilities on both side*, and a virtual
recognition of the independence of Belgium. This
was done, though the revolt had existed scarcely a
single year.
But the peace of much of the world was likely to
be disturbed, and iisindustiy and commerce most
in juriously deranged; and hence they felt justified to
interfere, arid did interfere, even to aid the revolt-
ers. Both England and France despatched then-
fleets to succor the weakei power; and as a check to
the obstinacy of Holland, in still perseveting to lay
waste villages, and burn farm houses, they de-
molished the citadel of Antwerp, after a bombard-
ment one of the most remarkable ia history.
The other case was equally striking in some re-
spects, having been an interference to protect the
Mohammedan. Yes; the slaveholding Turk against
revolting subjects; many of whom, in Syria and
Egypt, were Christians.
England, Russia, and France, (all boasted Chris-
tian powers, and so aidently enlisted m favor of
abolition,^) united and mediated .not by words only,
but Russia, by the bayonet and cannon, to shield the
infidel slaveholder from the destruction, and restore
peace in that quarter to Asia and Africa, as well as
Europe. They looked to the rights of commerce and
. the tranquility of Christendom, and the great inte-
rests of peace, rather than to creeds of belief or do-
mestic institutions.
So again in the case of the revolting Greeks; they
united to aid even republicans and rebels under cer-
• tain conditions.
After all this, shall we," the leading power on
the continent, see our Christian, as well as
republican brethren, in Texas, harassed longer by
barbarous hostilities; and, in a just cause, not sus-
tain those who have so long and valiently sustained
. themselves, when monarchs abroad do it, e\;en for
Mussulmen, rebels, and democrats? Shall they do
it for these more distant, and we not for our nearest
neighbor and kin? Shall they, whose trade has
been fighting, interfere efficiently for peace in aid of
ajust struggle, and we who profess peace, and to
be the disciples of the Prince of Peace, not lift a fin-
ger to restore it?
Have we lost our sympathies, our humanity, our
religion, and neither incline nor dare to do our duty,
from fear of envious censure?
How much did considerations like some of these
rally all Europe to band together in driving Napo
leon to Elba and St. Helena, and thus restore peace,
and order, and prosperity, to the desolated cities and
fields of most of Christendom! These aie not war
measures, but peace measures. Nations, like indi-
viduals, are often to be blessed if peacemakers—and
that, not only by the use of arguments and entrea-
ties, but force, it* required. Both should thus inter-
pose, if death, or ruin, or serious injury, is likely to
happen to others, as well" as themselves, by a con-
tinuance of hostilities—as the lights of p6ace are
paramount to those of war, and such interposition
is the more quickly to restore commerce and public
tranquillity. This suppression of further conflicts
is proper between parties who either do not use
proper means for ending them seasonably, or who
outrage the laws of civilization in their mode of
warfare. The object of such interference is speedier
and surer repose to the world. It deserves encour-
agement from the friends of peace and sound mor-
als, as well as of improving industry and free trade.
It is philanthropy, rather than selfish aggrandize-
ment; and merits applause, rather than the denuncia-
tions witnessed on this ocyasion against those who
arc anxious, by the ratification of this treaty, to stop
the further effusion of human blood, the waste of
money, and obstructions to agriculture and com-
merce too long growing out of the past ruinoos rela-
tions between Mexico and Texas.
Finally, let it not be forgotten that it is our duty
to take this peaceful and voluntary cession, even if
a risk of war ensues, provided that we ourselves
are thereby likely to 'escape from serious injury
through foreign influences. Much more can those
vindicate it who believe it necessary to actual self-
preservation, or the secuiity of the institutions, prop-
erty; and commerce, of any portion of that great
republic, one and indivisible, whose "domestic tran-
quillity" and welfare the constitution itself was made
m part to guaranty.
Thus, while France subdues Algiers, or seizes
on islands in the Pacific, and while England invades
China, and India, and Africa, we look on without
intermeddling, except by uniting in that pubheopm-
im and public judgment of the rest of the civilized
world, which finds so much to condemn m some of
these aggiandizing and violent measures. But let
these foreign powers, in their restless ambition, ap-
proach Cuba on the wo nth, or Texas on the wc&t,
and our own hearths and altyrs become endangered;
and the pervading instinct of self-preservation, no
less than interest, w ill, at times, require us to art.
In such ease, if need be, we miv^t take more cjfica-
cious measures thai) to talk. We must even arm,
ratnei" than have powder magazines of all kinds
placed around our frontiers, and the safety of prop-
erty, revenue, and all the commerce of the mighty
West jeoparded. The precautions taken and the
resistance made on our part, in such a case, cannot
justly be called intermeddling in the internal conflicts
of parties in another government. Nor is it a strug-
gle, like many in centuries past, to preserve the old
balance of power, and check the undue enlargement
of a neighbor, which remotely, and in time, might
prove injurious; but it is to repel danger to our-
selves, quite certain, if not immediate: and that from
a quarter already hemming us in and round at every
point of the compass. We can, m such cases, on
sound principles of national law, not only take pre-
cautions to prevent the catastrophe, as is now pro-
posed, for that and other reasons, by a peaceful and
voluntary purchase of the territory, hut can, if we
please, lawfully interpose and aid the party which
is just in its efforts for self-government, by making
with it alliances or a union of territory, institu-
tions, and exertions.
Hence, in 1 Kent's Commentaries,p. 22, while he
justly speaks against the interference of one nation
to change the government of another, at the same
time he says: "Every nation has'an undoubted tight to
provide for its own sqfety, and to take due precaution
against distant, as well as impending danger."
A memorable case occurred-in 1810, showing
under what degree of danger and apprehension so
careful a man as Mr. Madison felt justified to seize
on a neighboring territory in possession of Spain,
and without an act of Congress. -
In the National Intelligencer, December 28,1810,
a letter from New Orleans speaks to this effect, of
the territory east from New, Orleans to the Perdido:
"The country, at least as far as the Perdido, ought to be
taken possession of by the United States; and if there should
be the most distant probability of Kast Florida tailing into
hands of anv European power whatever, we should, without
hesitation, fix our standards at St. Augustine and Pensacola.
Hie piovince ofiUelf is of little value, but it is one of the
kei;s to the Mississippi. Power placed there will control the
commerce of the Western World."
And in the presidential message of December,
1810, Mr. Madison announces his movements to
take possession to the river Pedido; as there was an
unadjusted claim, and a revolution, and we could
hold till an arrangment was made with Spain.
Spain had been left in possession till the claim to
it by us was settled by negotiation; but her power
had been resisted by insurgents, and subverted; and
Madison ordered but troops and took possession of
it without wailing for any new law by Congress;
because a situation was "produced, exposing the coun-
try to ulterior events which might essentially affect the
rights and welfare of the Union." _ -
if force was opposed to us, the United States
troops were instructed to repel it, except from any
place still in Spanish occupation.—(Int. December
5, 1810.)
In ivs message, he savs Congress will make
"whatever provision may be due to the essential
rights and equitable interests of the people, thus
brought into the bosom of the American family."
He thought a crisis had arrived '■'■endangering the
tranquillity and security of our adjoining territories,"
—(See his proclamation.)
In 3 State Papers, p. 394-9, is Mr. Madison's
message at length, and the letters as to that part
of West Florida.
From the whole it appears, that by force we occu-
pied east to Perdido, not because it was claimed by
us, but because the Spanish authority had been
"subverted by a revolutionary proceeding, and the
contingency of the country being thrown into for-
eign hands, had forced itself into view."
A few of Mr. Clay's remarks on that occasion
were so intrepid in spirit, and showed so well the
dauntless energy of him and his then republican
friends, towards all opposition, whether from abroad
or at home, that they deserve special remembrance.
It was such conduct then, and in 1811, 1818, and
1820, on kindied topics, that paved the path on
which he has since walked to such wide fame:
"I Jaave no h< sitatiori in saying, that if a paient country
will not or cannot maintain its authority m a colony adja-
cent to us, and theio exists in it ;i state oi misiulc and dis-
oi dei menacing oui ptace— and it. moieover, such colony,
by pje-smsc into the hands of any other power, would be-
come dangerous to t3ie integrity of the I moii, and manifest-
ly tend to" the subv<fision"ol our laws—we have a right,
upon eternal punciplo-., of seif-piesei v alien, to l;r<" hold of
it, This principle alone, inuepifinUnt oi any title, would
warrant our occupation of West lOoudti.
• r-iv told oi the vpj'^eance ot resuscitated Spam. If
S'lni.ini'.i*) im\ \.\o t-ncca'Mi of ho go\ t rnment, c hoose to
n.'kr wm ny on"Is.i t'io act undo comddci ntioa, the na-
tion,1 jiiiwiio ikmi,v,\\i)l be willmg to m> et the v>ar. But
the mi u-i-iind* u> that or'i at I'ntain, toe ally of
Ijpaiii lui'v be obl.rre.l, b> her connection with Spain, to
U:ke putt with her auamst us, and 10 consider thib measure
ot the President a- j ustiiymg jh appeal to eim. Sir, is the
tioK-* never to auive, 'when wt ioa\ manage oui own a/taiis
w tthout the tear oi insulting his .BriUmne Vajesty ? N the
rod of Butish power to be ioiever suspended over our
head*-.} Does. ( on^ress put on ?n embatgo to shelter our
iiprhtful commerce against the piiatical •depredations com-
mitted up<m it on the ocean, we are immediately arned
ot the indignation of offended England. Is a law of non-
lntcirour^e piopo«td. the ■whole navy of the haughty
mi«tu ss of the neas is made to thunder m oi'r ears. Does
the President refuse to continue a correspondence with a
minister v. ho violat -s the decorum belonguiE, to his diplo-
matic charfctt r. by giving and deliberaU ly repeating an
affront to the whole nation, we art; instantly menaced
with the chastisement which English pride will not fail to
inflict. Whether we a^seit our rights b> sea, or attempt
their maintenance by laud—whithersoever ue turn our-
selves, this phantom incessantly pursues us.
J "1 am not, sir. m favor of cherishing the passion of con*
