April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Rhett.
H. of Reps.
religion, almost as strongly as the people of Texas
can be to us.
The correspondence before us, published as well
as unpublished, proves that these gloomy apprehen-
sions, if the present golden moment be not seized, are
likely soon to be realized. Not so much, X admit,
by rapacity, as by intrigue and interest elsewhere,
(as evinced by Mr. Huskison in debate, as long
ago'as 1830,) and thus to place in the hands of an-
other foreign and rival power—a possession more
dangerous to all our western as well as southern in-
terests and commerce than Cuba herself—Cuba,
which, for twenty years have been publicly tabooed
by our Presidents and secretaries from all foreign in-
terference. If we postpone at all, then, let me ask
to what time? to what 4th of July are we to wait
for the occupation of this as of the northeastern ter-
ritory since lost? Our people are as acquisitive in
their propensities, and especially about lands, as
most others. Hence, when peaceful restorations of
what was once our own, and from its great value
and importance should never have been parted
with, are offered, they would hardly justify that
procrastination which may again be the thief to rob
them of the prize.
The instincts of a great .people are also seldom
wrong; and those of our3 have long run in the
channel of sympathy for the down-trodden—espe-
cially their own relatives and neighbors—attach-
ment to those daring to be free, and knowing what
confidence, courage, and strength, were ir spired into
our fathers in their struggle for independence by the
kindness and approbation of others, they will al-
ways be true to those instincts, and as far as jus-
tice, honor, and right, may warrant; which they arex
believed to do here—immediate annexation, they
will march fearlessly up to the line of duty.
If we look further, the dominion of the whole
American continent will be seen to be at stake.
Shall it rest in America, or in a small island on the
coast of Europe? Shall it be in a republic, or a
monarchy? In us and our posterity, or in our op-
pressor and rival?
The commercc of America—the great surplus
commerce of both worlds,—on what does it chiefly
depend? and where and whence shall it flow? Un-
der whose guidance? Whose protection? Look into
these matters as connected with this question, and
decide whether we shall, in truth, be independent in
substance, or only in form? Exhibiting self-confi-
dence, liberty, and defiance, somewhere else than on
our lips; or stoop in action to temporize, vacillate,
and delay, if not succumb to other powers?
APPENDIX.
A.
Message 1810:
"Taking into view the ffnor of these several communica-
tions, the posture of things with which they are connected,
the intimate relation oi" the country adjoining the United
States, eastward of the river Perdido, to their security and
tranquillity, and the peculiar interest they otherwise have in
its destiny, I recommend to the consideration of Congress the
reasonableness of a declaration that the United States could
not sec, without serious inquietude, any part of a neighbor-
ing territory, in which they have, m different respects, so
deep and so just a concern, pass from the hands of Spain
icto those of any other foreignpower.
"I recommend to their consideration, also, the expediency
of authorizing- the executive to take temporary possession
of any part or parts of the said territory, in pursuance of ar-
rangements which may he desired by the Spanish author-
ities; and for making provision for the government of the
same, during such possession.
"The wisdom of Congress will, at the same time, deteiminc
how far it may be expedient to provide for the event of a
subversion of the Spanish authorities within the territories
in question, and an apprehended occupancy thereof by any
foreign power."—(2 Secret Jotir., 180 p., Madison's Mes-
sage )
B.
Resolution, January 8, 1811, House of Repre-
sentatives m secret session:
"Taking into view the present state of the world, the pe-
culiar situation of Spain and of her American provinces, and
the intimate relations of the territory eastward of the_nver
Perdido, adjoining the United States, to their security and
tranquillity, therefore
"Resolved, Sec., "We cannot see with indifference any part of
thf> Spanish provinces, adjoining the s&id States eastward of
the river Perdido, pass ftom the hands of Spam into those of
any foreign power " L
Declaration reported by a committee—in the Sen-
ate in 1811:
"The United State* of Amprlen, in Congress assembled,
having had their attention imperiously draw n to the present
situation of the territory adjoining their southern boidei,
not included in the purchase of Louisiana, and considering
the influence which the destiny of that territory may ha\e
on their security, tranquillity, and commerce," (claims of
indemnity on Spain erased,) "declare, that they could not
see with indifference the said territory pass into the hands
of any other foreign power, and that they feel themselves
called upon, by the peculiar circumstances of the existing
crisis, to provide, under certain contingencies, for the tem-
porary occupation of the said territory. Whilst they thus
yield to what is demanded of them by their own safety, thev
further declare that the saia territory, in their hands, shall
remain subj'ect to future arrangement between them and
Spain."
Report of the committee in the Senate in 1811:
"Strike out all the words after the word 'the,5 first men-
tioned in the first line of the resolution, to the end thereof,
and in lieu thereof insert 'peculiar situation of Spain.-and of
her American provinces; and considering the influence
which the destiny of the territory adjoining the southern
bolder of the United States may have upon their security,
tranquillity, and commerce; there-fore
'• 'Resolved by the Senate and liuu->€aj Representatives of the
Uniti'l Slates oj Amenta In Consuss assembled. That the
United States, under the p< culiar circumstances of the ex-
isting crisis, cannot, without serious inquietude, see any
part of the said territory pass into the hands of any foreign
power; and that a due regard to their own safety compels
them to provide, under certain contingencies, for the tem-
porary occupation of the said territory, they, at the same
time, declare, that the said territory shall, in their hands,
i emain sul j ect to future negotiation.'"
SPEECH OF MR. RHETT,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives, tflpril, 1844—On the
Western harbor and river bill.
Mr. Speaker: I ventured to question the position
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,]
that all the official predecessors of President Jack-
son had recommended the improvement of rivers
and harbors by the general government; and that
this had been, from its origin, the uniform policy of
all its administrations. The inconsiderable appro-
priations for piers, as incidents to the light-house
system, to which he referred, do not support his as-
sertion. Appropriations for harbors and rivers, by
this government, first took place, I think, in the
year 1824. In that year Congress first solemnly
took jurisdiction over this subject, and passed the
celebrated act, after elaborate discussion, appropria-
ting thirty thousand dollars for surveys, by the offi-
cers of this government, of roads and canals. This
was the beginning of the system of internal improve-
ment by the federal government. It was the last
year of Mr. Monre's administration; and was dis-
tinguished by the memorable protective tariff act,
and this internal improvement act—constituting the
triumph of the American system, as it was called,
and of the federal party, in the councils of the
country. The election of Mr. Adams the next year
to the presidency, was an appropriate sequel to such
legislation. It marked the ascendcncy of the fed-
eral, and the downfall of the republican party. That
this policy has continued since, more or less, under
all administrations, excepting the present adminis-
tration, will not be doubted; but it has been invaria-
bly carried on the floor of Congress by the federal
party, in union with a small portion of the republi-
can party, personally interested, through their ron-
stituency, 111 harbor and river improvements. This,
sir, is the true history of internal improvements by
this government. It is a policy of the federal par-
ty, totally abhorrent, as I shall endeavor to show,
to all the principles of the republican party, and to
the safety or continuance of the government.
The friends of the bill before the House, making
appropriations for harbors and rivers in the West,
have put the constitutionality of these appropria-
tions on two clauses of the constitution:
1. "To regulate commerce with foreign nations
and among the several States.
2. "To provide for the common defence and gen-
eral welfare of the United States.'1
Now, sir, the first observation which may occur
to the most uninformed, as to the history of parties
and the constitution, is this: no specific grant in
the constitution is shown to support this policy. It
is claimed by inference and construction. Is this
the federal or the republican method of construing
and administering the constitution' The very first,
the leading difference between the two paities, from
which all their other differences arise, is, that the one
claims, and the other denies, all power from the
constitution by construction. The federal party,
resting on general phrases in the constitution, vir-
tually abolish all the specific grants; or at least ren-
der them utterly useless and absurd, by claiming
them all by construction from the general phrases.
The constitution nowhere gives the power to lay
duties to protect manufactures. They seize upon
the power to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions, and, instead of confining this power to making
treaties and commercial regulations with foreign na-
tions for the promotion and support of commerce,
they deduce from it the power to pass protective
tariffs, by which commerce is crippled or annihi-
lated, and nine-tenths of the people of the United.
States are taxed for the benefit of manufacturers.
The power of carrying on internal improvements is
nowhere granted in the constitution. They take
the power of regulating commerce between the
States, which was bestowed simply to enforce free
trade between the States—and deduce from it river,
harbor, and road improvements. And "the com-
mon defence," which is only a designation of one of
the great objects of the constitution, to be carried
out by the specific grants, the federal party claim,
as bestowing all power, internal and external, which
may affect the peace and resources of the country.
By such a system of construction, they make Con-
gress omnipotent, and wipe out all'the limitations in
the constitution. In principle, they abolish the
constitution to uphold their policy.
But let us, sir, approach nearer to these sources of
power, claimed from the constitution, and the rea-
soning which supports it. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has obviously great horror of the British. He
says, that in the event of a war with the United
States, in a few days they may collect their vast
naval power from all parts of the world on our
lakes; and then how terrible may be their ravages
and conquest to the West! I had thought, sir, that
with a dozen men to one of Gre«t Britain on our
northern frontier, on the lakes, or on land, we need
not fear very instant subjection or annihilation, it
is usual for the weak to prepare for defence. The
strong need only withhold aggression. If the gen-
tleman represents the interest, he surely does not
represent the chivalry of the West. But, admitting
that men of war can ascend from the mouth of the
St. Lawrence to Lake Michigan, in spite of rapids
and water-falls, with or without water, I am at a loss
to understand how the gentleman's river and canal
will enable us to meet them. It seems we are to
build ships on our part, at Memphis and Natchez
on the Mississippi; and through the Illinois and its
canal, we are to place them on the lakes. But, un-
fortunately for this grand scheme of defence, for
which the appropriation in the bill is asked, the gen~
tleman let out in debate the depth of his river and.
canal. They are six feet deep! and even this, from
what I learn, is by no means a very modest state-
ment of their capacity. Six feet deep by which to
transport a navy to the lakes; there to meet the na-
val armament of England! The fact is in admirable
keeping with the whole argument.
But I am not disposed to meet the argument on
any material issues. If ships of war cannot be
transported through the Illinois and its canal, men
and munitions of war can; and this is quite enough
to sustain the bill, if contributing to the defence of
the country, by facilitating its intercommunication,
be a constitutional ground for appropriations. The
Illinois river will not, however, stand alone in this
particular; but will enjoy the advantage in common
with a thousand other rivers, and all the other works
of internal improvement scattered over the Union.
And, on "the general welfare1' principle, it will not
differ in its nationality or usefulness from all the
other great lines of intercommunication in the coun-
try. The New York and Erie canal connects all
the lakes with the ocean. The internal improve-
ments in Maryland and Pennsylvania are designed
to connect the waters of the Ohio and the Mississip-
pi with the Atlantic; and then, all connecting points
with these canals, of course, must partake of the
general utility and nationality. If, however, be-
cause the work of internal improvement 13 vast and
extensive in its scope and tendency, it is constitu-
tional, send makes a good ground fur the appropria-
tion for the Illinois river, then it is good also for all
rivers and improvements of a similar character in
the whole Union.
And the same view must be taken of the haibors
in this bill. If the power to regulate commerce in
the constitution justifies appropriations for harbors,
thev are not found alone on the lakes. They are on
the Atlantic also, stretching along a coa&t of some
three thousand miles m extent. If it is constitu-
tional and right to appropriate money for harb >rs
on the lakes, it justifies appropriations for barbois
everywhere in the Union. All, or none, are em-
braced within the constitutional power and duty of
