April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Bargain and intrigue—Mr. Boyd.
tl. of Reps.
icy of the democratic party, and of all free govern-
ment, in my estimation, is to have as weak a gov-
ernment as possible, to be efficient, that the people
might be as strong and free as possible. All gov-
ernment abridges liberty, although, by preventing
injustice, it might secure more than it denies. But
government is necessarily interference with the citi-
zen, in commanding his personal services, or pro-
curing contributions for its defence and support.
The less it interferes, the freer is the citizen. Hence
low taxes, and economy, and limitations in the ap-
propriations of the taxes, are not only proper m
themselves, but they are essential to all free govern-
ment—to all government by the people. Such, as I
have understood them, are the principles of the re-
publican party; and if they embrace in legislation
the contrary principles, however loud they may con-
tinue their professions, they will be destroyed.
They will sink into federalism, and swell the tide of
corruption which will sweep the Union away. Do
not our democratic friends from the West perceive
the joy of the whole whig party at their positions?
Do they not see that it will be by their united aid
that they will carry their appropriations? They will
be victorious, but it will be by the aid of our com-
mon foes, marching under the banner of their prin-
ciples. Like the Grecians when first meeting the
Romans, they may say "another such victory and
we are ruined." Sir, X grieve that this vicious sys-
tem of legislation should be revived. I grieve moi e
that it should be revived by a democratic House of
Representatives with a majority of two to one
against our political opponents. But above all, 1
lament that it should be revived by the West—the
young but mighty West. "Westward the tide of
empire rolls''—and we have rejoiced that it should
pass from the region of factories and European con-
tamination, to the agriculcural and purer West. We
have looked with hope, that when, by- the progress
of wealth, and its attendant poverty, according to
the usual course of accumulation, the old Atlantic
States shall totter with their corruptions, the West
shall be our saviour, and bear upon its atlantan
shoulders one glorious system of government with
the republican principles on which it is founded. If
the West abandons us, we shall despair. If there,
too, federalism shall plant its dominion, the fate of
the confederacy is sealed. But can this be? Will
not the freemen, the lords of the luxuriant soil of
the great valley, enforce those limitations in the con-
stitution without which neither they nor we can be
fi;ee? Destined to be the centre, the heart of the
confederacy, will they not send forth into all its ex-
tremities a glowing, healthful vitality, which shall
give it an existence as enduring as it shall be glori-
ous and wonderful? Then shall their power be our
strength, their crown our glory; and all shall exult
and rejoice in a common liberty.
SPEECH OF MR. BOYD,
OF KENTUCKY,
hi the House of Representatives, dpril 30, 1S44—The
bill to regulate the tariff of duties on imports be-
ing under consideration in Committee of the
Whole, and in reply to the Hon. John White
relative to the charge of bargain between Messrs.
Adams and Clay in the presidential election of
1824-25.
Mr. BOYD obtained the floor and stud:
My constituents feel a very deep inteicst in the
proper and permanent adjustment of this tariff ques-
tion. They tire in favor of a tanff for leveiiue, and
opposed to the principle of protection, which they
believe to he unwise for the nation, and unequal and
unjust to themselves. Sir, my constituents are, in
the main, an agricultural people;.they come not here
to importune you for exclusive favors of any kind:
whilst the capitalists of the country band together,
and, as in a common cause, are seen- perpetually be-
SL£2|ifl2J tlic ho.lls of legislation for brinks and tuiiflsj
and every other conceivable scheme of monopoly,
by means of which to swell their overgrown profits,_
my constituents, 111 common with their brethren o{
the producing class throughout the Union, are found
at home upon their farms, or in their workshops,
content to rely upon their own strong arms and the
o-enerous bounties of nature, for competence, com-
fort, and wealth. Scrupulously abstaining from the
invasion of the business and profits ot others, by
means of partial legislation, they ask in turn to be
let alone in the enjoyment of the flints of then-
honest industry. Sir, the demand is so just and
equitable, that, with a due regard to correct princi-
ples of legislation, you cannot, you dare not, disre-
gard it.
But, sir, I did not rise to make a speech on the
tariff. Hoping the bill upon your table may be
passed, I must, with the indulgence of the commit-
tee, avail myself of the present occasion to say a
few words in reply to my colleague, [Mr. White,]
who has thought proper to introduce and build a
whole hour's speech upon the subject-matter of a
letter addressed by me to Messrs. Coles and Hop-
kins, of Virginia, in reply to certain interrogatories
touching the presidential election of 1824-25 and
Mr. Clay's course in regard to it, and the bankrupt
law of 1841.
Sir, I regret the necessity which compels me to
take part in the discussion of matters so foreign to
the subject of the bill before «s; but I have no alter-
native left me. It was not I who dragged the sub-
ject of the letter alluded to into this discussion; for
that, my colleague [Mr. White] is alone responsible.
Before 1 approach the subject of that letter, I wish
to say to my colleague and to the countiy, that I am
among the last upon this floor, or (as I tru^t) m the
world, who would, unjustly or ungenerously, attack
the reputation of any man on earth for political pur-
poses; and if in what I have said, or shall here-
after say, oil this subject, my colleague or any
oiher human being shall point out any error of
fact into •r.hich 1 may have fallen, I will say
to him and the country that there is nothing
in the composition of my nature which would pre-
vent me from making prompt and ample reparation.
But, sir. whilst with pride and pleasure 1 would do
this, I must be permitted to add, that in relation to
this or any other matter of public concernment,
whether affecting public men or public measures,
there is no power under • heaven that shall restrain
me from its investigation, with all that freedom and
fullness which, in my judgment, its importance
demands.
The letter referred to assumes, directly or by im-
plication, that between Mr. Adams and Mr. Clay,
during the presidential canvass of 1824, there were
unfriendly relations, which began as far back as the
negotiation of the. treaty of Ghent in 1814, and con-
tinued down to the period when the popular vote
was cast between those gentlemen, as opposing can-
didates for the presidency in 1824; that Mr. Adams
was unpopular ill the whole western country, and
especially in Kentucky; that a general belief existed
in that State, confirmed if not produced by Mr.
Clay himself, that Mr. Adams, as a statesman, was
hostile to the interests of that section of the Union;
that a direct issue was made between those gentle-
men as early as 1822 in reference to that subject,
involving "errors both as to matters of fact and mat-
ters of opinion:" that the exposition then promised
by Mr. Clay, was nevermade; that prior to the elec-
tion of President in 1825, by the House of Repre-
sentatives, the legislature of Kentucky, in concur-
rence with the will of the people, requested Mr.
Clay and the Kentucky delegation to vote for Gen.
Jackson; that some time before the election, it was
stated by Mr. Clay's confidential friends in Ken-
tucky, that he would be Secretary of State if Mr.
Adams were made President; that m consequence of
that information, letters were written to members of
Congress to induce them to lotefor Mr. Adams;
that Mr. Adams was elected President by the voles
of Mr. Clay and his friends, and did appoint Mr.
Clay Secretary of State; and, finally, that by an in-
vestigation m the Senate of Kentucky in 1828, and
subsequent disclosures, it was made to appear that
those who stated in Kentucky befoie the election
that Mr. Clay would be Secretary of State if Mr.
Adams were elected President, did so upon the au-
thority of a letter from Mr. Clay himself.
HOSTILITY OF MESSRS. CLAY AND ADAMS.
In proof of the unpopularity of Mr. Adams in the
West, prior to 1825, I may rely with confidence on
the language then held almost without exception by
western presses and public men. Xo man old
enough to recollect passing evems during the ten
years preceding 1825, can be ignorant of the f.vt.
Peihaps it was in part owing to his parentage, po!i-
cal education, and geographical position; but no
small share of it was attributable to impression*
created by Mr. Clay himself.
It was charged by Mr. Adams tlirt Mr. Clay s
efforts to injure him commenced at the negotiation
of the treaty of peace at Ghent in 1814. In one of
the despatches of the American commissioners,
dated December 25th, 1814, will be found the fol-
lowing passage, viz:
'■If they (the British .commissioners} asked the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi as a new clafm, they could not expect
we should grant it without an equivalent; if they asked it
because it was granted in 1783, they must recognise the
claim of the beople of the United States to the liberty to
fish, and to dry and cure fish, in question. To place both
points beyond all future controversy, a majority of us de-
termined to to admit an article confirming both rights;
or, we offered at the same time to be silent in the treaty
upon both; and to leave out, altogether, the article defiamg
the boundary from the lake of the Woods westward "
Mr. Adams, in his book upon the Mississippi and
fisheries, page 159, shows how the peculiar
phraseology came to be employed in that despatch,
viz:
"The draft having been passed round to all th-e mem-
bers of the mission for revisal, was brought back to me by
Mr. Russell, with an alteration which, he said, was desired,
not by him, but by .Mr. Clay, to sav instead of "we offered,"
"a majority ot us determined to offer."
On the same day, Mr. Russell wrote a separate
letter to the Secretary of State, stating that he should
thereafter communicate the views which led the
minority to differ with the majority on that ques-
tion. Accordingly, on the 15tn February, 1815,
while Mr. Clay and himself were together in Paris,
he wrote a long letter to Mr. Monroe, then Secre-
tary of State, setting forth the grounds of differ-
ence, and animadverting upon the position as-
sumed by the majority. In a publication made
ill Boston on the 27th June, 1822, Mr. Rus-
sell said: 'jTo the only member of the mission who
had a direct interest in the case, [meaning Mr. Clay,]
I did show at the time the letter written at Paris."
When it is considered that the alteration of the joint
letter of the commissioners at Ghent was not desired
by Mr. Russell, but by Mr. Clay, it appears singu-
lar that the former should have taken so much
pains to explain the giounds of difference between
the majority and minority. Be the true reason what
it may, there is abundant evidence that Mr. Adams
considered it a joint contrivance of Messrs. Russell
and Clay to effect his political ruin.
Mr. Russell's letter was marked "private," as if
intended to be seen only by Mr. Monroe, who was
expectcd to succeed Mr. Madison as President, and
might select Mr, Adams as his Secretary of State,
thereby placing him in the line of "safe precedents"
for the presidency. It appears to have been mislaid
and forgotten. Mr. Monroe was elected President,
and appointed Mr. Adams Secretary of State. Mr.
Clay's friends were not at all pleased with this ar-
rangement The Kentucky Reporter (Mr. Clay's
pernliir organ in Kentucky, then edited by Mr.
Smith, who was connected by marriage with his
family) on the 14th July, 1818, used the following
language, viz:
"\Tr. is designated by the President f>nd his presses
^s the heir apparent—the next successor to the presidency,
hmce the principle was introduced, there has been a rapid
dotcencracy m the L hief Magistrate. and the prospect of still
pruaiei degeneracy is strong and alarming Admit the peo-
ple should acquiesce in the presidential appointment ot Mr.
Ad. tms to that high offcccruho again ill he choose as his
successor? Will it be Josiah Qnmey, II (J.Otis, or Rulus
Kin ? An aristocrat, at least, if not a tkaitok, ^ ill be our
portion "
From all the politicians who were nearly allied to
Mr. Clay, were heard expressions exhibiting their
dissatisfaction and distrust of Mr. Adams. When,
in 1819, the treaty was concluded by Mr. Adams,
as Secretary ofState, which secured Florid:' to tho
United States and ceded Texas to Spain, Mr. Clay
came out in open opposition. In March, 1890, he
offered resolutions against the treaty in the House
of Representatives, and made a speech against it.
He did more. By private letters he created distrust
of Mr. Adams's integrity and patriotism as a nego-
tiator. One of those letters, dated 36th April, 1850,
addressed to the editor of the Western Argus, found
its way to the public in 1838, and contains the fol-
lowing paragraph, viz:
"There is i. rumor in the eit} v'> 1, i11 v, ill astonish yon in
repaid to the conclusion ot' thn't treaty It has been asserted
bv a member of Congress, as coming from high authority,
tnat pnor to the conclusion ot the treat} . it wa. known to
Mr -vdanlh that v, t could have obtained mon than was con-
veyed to n?—th.it is, that the Spanish negotiator wasallow-
ed'l^ his instructions to grant us nioie lint that less was
ta'leh, became the Spanish mimstei docbued. ll he went up
to iijs mst! actions, lie should bo afraid of some personal m-
nirv ur.on lus return home! ^Vhet will you m the West
think ot the wisdom oi that policy which consents to sur-
rendei an impoilant part of our territory from such a mo-
live?"1
What followed m the West, Mr. Adams himself
describes in his book on the fisheries and the Mis-
sissippi, first page of the introduction, viz:
" iii 'he course of la-t summer, (ot IS-jl,) I was apprized
bv a iriend, tiiat rumors very unlavorahle to my reputation
even tor integrity, were industriously circulated in th§
