April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Bargain and intrigue—Mr. Boyd.
H. of Reps.
"Either you have never taken the trouble to inform your-
sell relative to the great national western interests which
have been committed to your charge, or j ou have misrepre-
sented and concealed lacts, as j ou knew them to exist. It
wiil be admitted by all, that your acknowledged habits of
industry and research leave little room for you to cover
your errors on tins point with the mantle of ignorance."
##*#**
"It was natural for Mr. Clay to think differently, and feel
differently, lrom what you pretend to think, end actually
fuJt, in relation to admitting the British to the navigation of
the Mississippi. He could not conceal from himself the
fact, that the existence and use of this right hod been one
of the causes which led to the disasters ol our arms on the
northwestern frontiers, and the exposure of all our back
settlements to the relentless ravages of a savage foe. He
could not forget the consequent murders in Missouri, Illi-
nois, Indiana, and Ohio—a catalogue of enormities at which
the heait sickens. Remembering all thib, he could not hut
wish—nay, with his ardent and generous nature, he could
notbuturge, with much earnestness—the policy and jus-
tice of excluding the iiibtig<ttois uf crimes so horrible fiom
every avenue ol access to their willing instruments*. Nor
could he but feel differently from jou. In consequence of
the unlimited access of British crni.ssaries to our Indians
through the Mississippi and other channels, more of Ken-
tucky's precious blood was spilt than could be purchased
with every fish that swims in British waters. Many dear
friends, and one near connection of Mr. Clay, had fallen vic-
tims to the Indian tomahawk, made on British anvils When
he departed for Europe he leit 3 social circle, and even a
family, clothed in mourning for these victims of JJnti-sh in-
fluence ovei savage mipds. Passing fiurn the midst of the
mourners and the maimed, how could he feel a** you did,
who, far distant from your bleeding country, fngrossod
with the events of another hemisphere, and admiring 'the
Titus of his age,' scaicely heard the thunder o( \v ar xolbng
over the heads of your countijmen, below the western
horizon It was surely natural that he and you should feel
dift'eiently. You ought, therefore, to ha\e excuiedMr,
Clay's zeal against once more admitting the British traders
among our Indians, and hazarding a renewal of the bloody
scenes of the Pigeon Roo^t, the iliv er liaison, and fort
Meigs. He coulcfnot calculate butooll) os jou. If, m the
cxcitcmcnt caused by recent Anglo-Indian murder hop in-
ferred the lives of his fellow-citizens to all the fish which
might, perchance, be caught within three miles of the
British coast, you ought to have considered that his mind
was not in a condition coolly to weigh dollars against
blood; and surely you would rather have excused him as a
generous enthusiast than censured him for compromising
the.interests of his country."
The fourth letter contains the following passage,
viz:
"By lacts, by the rights of your country, and by your
own assertions, w e have proved, that, at the time of the ne-
gotiation at Ghent, the British government possessed no ter-
ritory on the Mississippi, and that, consequently, that river
was witnm the exclusive juiisdictiun of the United States.
In supporting and voting for Mr. Gallatin's proposition, you
therefore committed a violation of the very letter of your
instructions; and your declarations at the time, as well as
subsequently, to the British government, prove that you
did it knowingly."
The seventh letter contains the following passage,
viz:
"It was not without astonishment that we discovered how
presumptuously, m the short space of eight pages, you
have sported with ) our own character for consistency, and
with the credulity of your countrymen. That one who
writes with almost unexampled rapidity, should forget m
pa^e 104 what he had said m page 100, is hardly credible;
but that any man who has the least regard for his own rep-
utation should, with his memory and his senses fresh about
him have the hardihood wilfully to involve himself m the
grossest contradictions, staggers all human belief. We
rather suppose that, with a vivid fancy and poweriiil intel-
lect you invent, as you pass along, premises and arguments
to suit a predetermined conclusion, on w hich y ou .strike as
certainly, and with a course as crooked, as the lightning
falls upon its destined object."
The eighth letter contains the following passage,
viz :
"We have pointed out many of your inconsistencies and
contradictions, both m argument and language—hav o ex-
hibited your concealments and perversions of known lacts
—have shown you vainly endeavoring to shelter yourself
from censure by testing the meaning of > our instructions
by the claims of our ei.emy, making the? boundaries and
territory of your country, as well as our right to .navigate
the \ ississippi, a conditional grant, the condition of which
wdha\e expressly reiused to fulfil, arguing against the
rights of independent nations in favor of British monopoly,
and "jeoparding our rights to the whole fisheries, by
makin" them dependent on a contested pnnciple
"In tine we have shown that your boasted publications
relative to the Ghent mission, are full ol absuiaitjes, incon-
sistencies and contradictions; and that the injustice of your
denunciations against your colleague ol the minority, can
only be equalled by the eloquence and boldness with w inch
they are uttered "
"Bv the past, by the present, by the conduct of our ow n
gov ernmcnt, and by your ow n conduct, wo hav e ^hovv a t.iat
the navigation of the Mississippi was, and would have con-
tinued to be, useful to British subjects, and ft aught with in-
numerable dangers to the citr/ens of the United states w e
hold you as the author, at least m mind, of ail the evils
which would have flowed from this disastrous concession,
and in rendering you that justice w hich you demand from
the inhabitants of the West, we shall show jou, h\ our
voice and our vote, that we consider > our course at Gheut
and still more your vindication in IX2-2, as full proof th.U
,-our views are too narrow, your feelings too sectional, and
your temper too vindictive, for the Chief Magistrate ol a
free people.*'
In the ninth letter the author undertakes to prove
Mr. Adams's hostility to the West by a variety of
other acts* The following is an extract, viz:
"The purchase of Louisianawas the first great incident
which gave vent, in public acts, to your hostile feelings to-
wards the western country. Elected by the federal party m
Massachusetts, who openly avowed opposition to the exten-
sion of our national limits, you then held a scat in the Sen-
ate of the United States. It would have been unnatural, had
you not participated in the feelings of a party of which ) ou
were a leader and a favorite 'Accordingly, we find you, as
a senator, voting against a bill enabling the President to take
possession of Louisiana; against extending the laws of the
United states to the territory, against dividing it into two
territories, for the greater -com emence both of the govern-
ment and the people; against the power of Congress to tax
it, for purposes of government, and even against opening
popt roads to New Orleans, through the Indian country,
within our former territories!"
These are bat specimens of the eloquence and
power which Mr. Adams was denounced m these let-
ters. Although they were certainly not Mr. Clay's
productions, they probably derived a portion of their
force from his suggestions, and certainly his money
and influence ga"\e them circulation. As testified
before the Senate of Kentucky, he offered the author
fifty dollars to aid him in printing a pamphlet edi-
tion, and afterwards paid one bundled for that ob-
ject to another printer. These facts were proved be-
fore the Senate of Kentucky, in January, 1828:
""William Tanner was called and sworn A pamphlet
was shown to him, entitled 'letters to John Ouincy Adams,
lelaiive to the fishenes and the Mississippi, first published
in the Aigus ot Western America, revised *nd enlaiged, by
Amo; Kendall,and he -"-os asked vv hetherlie ; 1 inter! it He
replied that ho did He was asked whether Mr < lay prjd
any ].ait of the exponfe He replied that ho dii1 pa} •flCf':
that -ic Tanner undertook t<" p^mt the pamphlet by sub-
scription;-tiiat Mr Kendall \ jI'J bun I Ir (lax had piopo«. d
to him to print it and otfere ; to pay part ol the expense-:
that he had token a letter i. om Mr kendall to Mr <_ lav, that
Mr. (.lay conversed with h* <i .".c to the expense of printing
the" pamphlet and the stinsci .ption for it: that ho fold him
to go to Mr Thomas Smith, w ho would hand hiin £7>, and
that il he should not be i em unci cited by the subscriptions,
to cail on him and he would paj him the balance of the ex
pense; that he called on Mr Smith, who paid him the mon-
ey, that the subscriptions falling short, he again called on
Mr Clay, v ho «ont him to Mr Smith for more. The
pamphlet was printed in the latter part of 1923
Mr. White (Mr. B. yielding the floor) remarked
that Mr. Tanner was now a thorough-going dem-
ocrat, and an editor of one of the most full-blooded
democratic papers in that State.
Mr. Boyd said that was true, but he had never
known of his testimony having been contradicted
then or since.
Mr. Clay's direct agency in giving the pamphlet
circulation was proved in 1828, by the publication
of a letter from him to the author, of which the fol-
lowing is an extract, viz:
"Dpaii Sir: Several inquiries haie been made about your
pamphlet on the fisheries by members of Congiess, and I
have promised to request "a copy to be sent to Mr David
Sloane, of the Ohio Senate, at Columbus; another to the
Hon Henry 11. Storrs, and another to the Hun. John Sloane,
here. Will you be good enough to have them lorw nrdod''"'
These facts show the hostility existing between
Mr. Adams and Clay. They show that Mr. Clay
was himself active in destroying Mr. Adams's char-
acter and popularity in the West, not only as a pol-
itician, but as a truthful, honest, and patriotic man;
and that Mr. Adams knew it. They show that,
well understanding each other, Mr. Clay was under
a promise to expose Mr. Adams's conduct at Ghent,
and that Mr. Adams held him at defiance. This
was their personal altitude towards each other when
the popular vote was given for President in 1824.
THE CABINET SUCCESSION.
But there was a general principle on which Mr.
Clay and his friends were opposed to Mr. Adams,
totally incompatible with giving him their support
in that election. It grew out of the position Mr.
Adams held as a member of Mr. Momoe's cabinet.
So quietly had the Secretaiy of State succeeded to
the presidency in the cases of Mr. Madison and Mr.
Monroe, that many republicans began to bp alarmed
at the idea that this might become the regular order
of succession, and that each President would virtu-
ally appoint his successor, the whole power and
patronage of the administration being steadily de-
voted to" the object of making the head ofthe cabinet
the next President.
We have seen that, as early as July, 181$, the
Reporter, Mr. Clay's organ at Lexington, said,
"Mr. Adams is designated by the President and his
presses as the heir apparent—the next successor to
the presidency. Since the piinciple was introduced
there has been a rapid degeneracy in the chief ma-
gistrate; and the prospect of still greater degeneracy
is strong and alarming," &c.
The presidential campaign of 1824 may be said to
have been opened by Mr. Clay's friends in 1821 or
1822. In the first part of the latter year, a series of
essays, ascribed, I know not how justly, to Mr.
Clay's own pen, appeared in the Frankfort Argus,
advocating his pretensions. In his introductory
number the writer held the following language, viz;
"The National Intelligencer is not, precisely, the most fit-
ting paper to issue this edict commanding silence. It might,
indeed, suit the taste of their official patrons and employers,
that as little as possible should be published on this subject.
They may prefer that the prescribed line of legitimacy, ac-
cording to which the heir apparent should be translated from
the Department of State to thepalace, be preserved unbroken
and entire. But they ought to remember that the practice
of Home, by which the Czesars themselves, to secure that
tranquillity which the editors of the Intelligencer so much
desire, provided beforehand for the imperial succession, has
not yet been engrafted on our constitution."
In July, 1824, the friends of Mr. Clay in Ohio,
published an address signed by the Hon. Joseph
Vance, as chairman, in which they set forth the
grounds on which they supported, and intended to
adhere to him. Their "first object" in bringing him
forward, as stated by themselves, was as follows,
viz:
"The considerations here briefly hinted, determined many
of the mofr-t reflecting citizens ol the country to adopt the
opinion, that no member ofthe present executive cabinet
ought to be selected to succeed Mr Monroe, and this deter-
minate was formed without any disrespect to the talents
or character of the incumbent* themselves. It rested upon
public principle and upon public duty, and upon these alone.
In looking fjiound for some person out of the cabinet, and
unconnected with the fe.\ecutive ["administration of the na-
tional gowrnnteiit, a large pction ol the citr/ens ofthe
"West, naturally directed their attention to JfenryCIaj of
Kentucky."'
'•Vere Vr Ck-v withdraw n the result as to the election
by the < lcctoivv ould most prohubl) be the srmc.or if it
w ere not, it u nild phce vi the presidential c hah ran ofthe
preen! mbineti an event which it was l'ie j>nt ob,'ec' of the
ft tends or jfr. Clay topKievt; not in reference to the men,
but the principle.' Mr. Clay was nominated in the persua-
sion that nil his feliow-citr/ens. entertaining the sarre gen-
impI views, would unite in his support Had this been the
case; had thi<? union taken place, his election by the elect-
ors would have been certain It is the clear conviction of
his supporters, that the oA,ec/ of Humiliating hhti can onlv be
ithi'ned by adhering to him, that to abandon him, is: to aban-
don that object; and un 'er this conviction, they have adopted
the resolution to adhere to him, as the dictate"of duty and of
patriotism."
It may be affirmed without hesitation, that among
Mr. Clay's friends generally, a principal object in
supporting him, if not, as in Ohio, the very "first,"
was to put an end to the cabinet succession. To
that principle Mr. Clay was pledged, as far as any
candidate could be, in his implied, if not express, as-
sent to the political creed laid down by his friends
as the basis on which he was supported.
PREPARES "TO CONTROL THE EVENT."
From Gen. Jackson's popularity in the western
country, it became evident, early in the year 1824,
that he would carry off a large portion of the votes
on which Mr. Clay had relied with great confidence,
rendering it doubtful whether he would reach the
House of Representatives as one of the three highest
candidates. In one of his letters to the editor of the
Western Argus, published in 1828, Mr. Clay, under
date of February 16, 1823, said:
"Judging from present appearances, the contest will he
between Mi. Adams and me."
In another letter, dated March 18, 1824, be used
the following language, viz:
"New York continues to be a contested H ite. Vy de-
cided opinion is that it will p.ve it^sujroit to Mr Adams,
or to me, or perhaps divide it between us, in that co^e, Mr.
Crav ford cannot come into the IIou«.e. Mv friends aie con-
h lent m the belief that, il I enter the Fouse as one ol the
tVnee highest, no matter with what a'socic-tes, 1 shall be
elected 11, contrary to all probability, Mr. f mw ford
should obtnm the vote of New York, tin* cortest for an en-
try into the House will probably be betv, ecn Jockton and
n.e. In Mankind. Delaware, and I\ew Jersey, i have rea-
sons to count upon some support. "Without entenng into
farther particulars, my opinion is. that my fin nds hpve eve-
rv motive for vigorous, animated, and persevering exer-
tion M
This shows that, instead of a contest between
Mr. Adams and Mr. Clay, for an election by the
electors, it had now become, in the estimation c f
Mr. Clay, a struggle between lnm and Mr. Craw-
ford or Gen. Jackson, for entry into the House.
In May, 1824, two months after the date of Mr.
Clay's letter to the editor of the Argus, his friends
at Washington city issued an address, from which
the following is an extract, viz:
"If. contrary to all probability, Mr flay should not he
returned to the House, his friends, having done their duty,
will be able, I y c^netntiafion, to control th> zient 1 bey will
hold in their hands the balance. They will determine be-
