April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
  Bargain and intrigue—Mr. Boyd.
GLOBE.
781
sion for private enmity between us, and that none had been
cherished on my part. Consequently, there was no obsta-
cle on mv «jde to a meeting with him, an<l maintaining a re-
spectful intercourse.''
Mr. Clay further sates, he afterwards dined with
General Jackson, and the General with him, and
continued to exchange expressions of civility and
respect.
THE EVENT.
There were seemingly many reasons, as well of a
private as of a public nature, why Mr. Clay should
not vote for Mr. Adams, and should vote for General
Jackson.
Mr. Clay had been instrumental in inducing the
people of the West to believe that Mr. Adams
was an unsound statesman, peculiarly hostile to
their interests, and an unscrupulous man.
Mr. Adams had denounced Mr. Clay as engaged
m a long-continued intrigue to destroy him, pur-
suing his object by covert and dishonorable means.
Mr. Clay stood publicly pledged to expose Mr.
Adams's errors, both of fact and opinion, and
Mr. Adams had hurled at him an indignant de-
fiance.
Mr. Clay's personal relations with General Jack-
son were those of friendly intercourse.
Of General Jackson's devotion to the interests of
the West, there could be no shadow of doubt.
He had received more electoral votes than any
other candidate.
He had received a large plurality of the popular
votes.
He was the only candidate, except Mr. Clay, who
had received any votes in Kentucky.
He was, without question, the second choice of a
vast majority of the American people.
Mr. Adams was, and General Jackson was not,
a member of the cabinet.
Mr. Clay and his colleagues were requested by
an overwhelming majority of the Kentucky legis-
lature to vote for General Jackson as the undoubted
second choice of the people of that State.
Kevert.heless, Mr. Clay voted for Mr. Adams,
and gave him the vote of Kentucky.
He carried with the votes of Ohio, where Mr.
Adams received but 32,280 popular votes out of
50,000; of Illinois, where lie received but 1,542 cut
of 4,700; and of Missouri, where he received but
311 votes out of 2,700.
Under ihese circumstances, it was but natural that
the people of the entire West, and pdrlicuidWy of
Kentucky, should have been shocked and astounded
on learning that the vote of that State had been cast
for Mr. Adams, and especially, as it was followed
by that other remarkable circumstance of the offer
by Mr. Adams and the acceptance by Mr. Clay of
the office of Secretary of State. They felt mortified
and indignant at the manner in which their feelings
and their will had been trampled under foot and
their dearest interests betrayed into the hands of him
whom they hud been taught to regard as their worst
enemy; <uid they awaited the return of their repre-
sentatives to call them to a strict account.
H. of Reps.
THE MOTIVE.
A tew days prior to the election, rumors of an
attempt of the friends of Mr. Adams to buy the
presidency, by offering the office of Secretary of
Siate to Mr, Clay, were rife at Washington. These
rumors wore brought before the public by a letter
from Washington te the editor of the Columbian
Observer, a newspaper then printed m Philadelphia.
That letter was as follows, v*z:
"AWntNf. '■ nv, Jon *2.5. 132-5
'•Dkar Sir: I take up r.iy pen to iriorin } ou <>t one of the
di-m^celul tiausdctions thai evn coveird wjtIi m*
la-nv The~ivpubiio in rUiks- Would ;ou believe that jr&n
j ruining touM he found bate enough to iaj
U\e .it the iuot (,'f'tlit-* tree oi iibeitj / \ et, strange as it
j-', jj r-not let. true To gv.e \ou u f.ili Lrtoiy of this
ti«p->nctioii w ould far txceet! the Lnii.s oi ,i letK'i I shall,
therefore, at once } io^t,jd to givejc.ia brief pc< omit of
nuch a bargain i*. can uuly lie equalled by the foment Burr
conspiracy ofVSci. (■Oi -o-ne time t;a ,t, the l'm mis ofCLiy
have hinted that they, like the Swiss, would tight lor those
who would pay best. Ovenuies were sold to ho\e been
made bv the friends oi Adams 10 the fnonds ol Cla;* , oiler*
him the appointment of Secretary of St;ue for h'.s rod 10
oierct Adams. \-\nd the friends ol'C'l.i) give this infounation
to the friend* Jackson, and hinted "that il the friends of
Jdekson would offer the some price, the\ would clo«c with
them. But none of the friends of .Jn.ckt.on would descend to
suehbartei anu sale It w as not bclie\ ed by r.nv oftliefi lends
of Jackson thai. this contract would be ratified by the mem-
bers from the States who hod voted K>r N'r. t lay. i was of
opinion, when I fir^t heard of this transaction, that men pro-
testing any honorable principle could net. and would not, be
tranffrrred, like the planter does hi< Hectors, or the farnur
hi«* team oi hoises. No alarm was excited; w e believed the
lepublic was safe. The nation having delivered Jackson
into the hands of Congress, backed by a large majority of
their votes, there v as, on my mind, no dou^t that Congiess
would respond to the will of the nation, by electing the in-
dividual they had declared to be their choice. Contra™ to
this expectation, it is now ascertained to a certainty, that Hen-
1U Clay has transferred his interest to John Qaincy Adams.
As a consideration of this abandonment of duty to" hi< con-
stituents, it is said and believed, should this unhappy coali-
tion prevail, Clay is to be appointed Sec retain of State. I
nave no iears on m y mind; i am clearly of opinion we shall
defeat every combination. The force oi public opinion
must prevail, or there is an end to liberty."
To this letter Mr. Clay responded as follows;
. "A CARD.
'I have seen, without any other emotion than that of mel-
table contempt, the abuse which has been poured out upon
me by a scurrilous paper printed m this city, and by other
kindred prints and persons, in regard to the presidential
• The editor ol one of those prints, ushered forth
in 1 hiladelphid. called the Columbian Observer, for which
i do not subscribe, and which 1 have not ordered, lias had the
impudence to transmit to me his vile paper of the 2Sth inst.
In that number is inserted a letter, purporting to have been
written in this cit} , on the 25th instant, bv a member of the
House of Representatives belonging to 'the Pennsylvania
delegation. I believe it to be a forgery; but if it be genuine,
I pronounce the member, whoever he mavbo, a base and
inlamous calumniator-—u dastard and a, Uai"; and if he date
unveil himself, and avow his name, I will hold htm re*
sponsible, as I here admit myaelf to he, TO ALL THE
LAWS "WHICH GOVERN AND REGULATE MEN OF
HONOK. H. CLAY.
"31st January, 182-}."
Three days thereafter, Mr. Kremer made public
the following reply:
"ANOTHER. CARD.
"George Kremer, of the House of Representatives, ten-
ders his respects to the Hon 'H. Clav,' and informs him,
that, by leference to the editor of the Columbian Observer,
he may ascertain the name oi the writer of the letter of the
25th ultimo, which, it seems, has afforded so much concern
to 'H. Cia}In the /"ean tune, George Kremer holds funis elf
ready to pu  c, to tht satisfaction, of unprejudiced htindi,
enough to sal/<ft,' them of the ucrtcrocy of the statements v'hi< h
are contained in the letter, to the extent that they concern
the course and conduct oi 'H Clay.' Beins a representa-
tive of the people, he will not fear to 'cry aloud and spare
not,' w hen their rights and privileg-es are'at stake.
"GEORGE KREMER.
"Februaiy 3, 182.>.'*
Mr. Clay then shifted his ground, and demanded
an investigation by the House of Representatives,
of which he was speaker. As the House itself was
composed in a great measure of the instruments by
which this" bargain (if any existed) was to be con-
summated, Mr. Kremer did not consider it the
proper tribunal to make such an investigation, and
refused to meet Mr. Clay's issue before that body.
Besides, Mr Adams was not yet elected, nor was
Mr. Clay Secretary of State; and however well sat-
isfied men might be that such an arrangement had
been agreed upon, or become tacitly understood, it
was not easy to prove men's intentions, when no
overt act had been committed.
What was then rumor became fact, however, up-
on the organization of the administration. Many
thought they saw in that arrangement both the
cause and effect of ATr. Adams's election, and the
confirmation of Mr. Kremer s charge.
When the Kentucky members returned home,
their constituents demanded to know why they had
voted for Mr. Adams against General Jackson, in
violation of the public wilP I will now show what
was their answer.
BOX. FRANCIS JOHNSON'S EXCUSE.
The following testimony was given under oath
before the Senate of Kentucky, \iz:
McMillan, of the House oillcpiesentythe? sidled,
in tepl} to hiteirogatoi i<:s, that Vr, f*i,mcis Johnson w a« c>t
Tonn-kinsville, m Monioc coui.h. alter lus icturn hone
subsequent to trie presidential election, w h^re he w as asked
how lie came to \o4c fot > r. Ada^;-* Mr .iohnron an-
swered that lie vwtcd for Mr. A dams to get Mr Clay ma^'e
Secieuin of !*'tc4e. lie made iliib decl<nation repeatedly
in conversation, and 'uitnei-s belit\ed m a public speech,
He .said th.it Mr .A dams for Pre^id^-nt and Mr. Clay his Sec-
retatv. would conduce more to the interests of the West
than "General Jackson President, with we know not whom
for 3ns Secretary, and that Mr. (lay might, pf rhap<, suc-
ceed him."
The following confirmation of Mr. McMillan's
testimony was fuvnusbed soon aftenvaids, viz:
"\\ e. wbo^e names ore 'inderMcriK-i. do hereby c^rldv
thnt tome time suhscpie:"* to the i) «t pre identical election,
e lieard Kiancis Johnson, es<j , m the t<nvn ol Tompkins-
vilie, Monro'! county. gi\e o-- a mason for -voting loi John
Qiuncy Adam . that if Mr. Adams v>-cis elected President,
Mr CUy would be Secretary of State; but that if Geiieial
,laek^on was elected Fie>ident. Mr. Clay would not be Sec-
retary; and that he believed Mr Ad ami for President, with
Mr. Cl.iv for Secretary, w ould coudm e n>oie to the inter* ^
of the Vv'est than Gencinl Jackson for Piesidciit with we
know not whom for Secretary We do not pretend to trive
Mr. Johnson's precise woids.'but wf say positively that the
nl.ove trvic in substance, and w e know w e aie not mista-
ktn* WILLIAM HOWARD,
ISAAC JACKSON,
JOSHUA HUSH,
BKNJAMIN RUSH,
HOWARD MERCER,
L£WIS FR.-1NKL1N."
hon. david Trimble's excuse.
Before the Senate of Kentucky, Mr. Secrest, a
member of the House of Representatives, made the
following statement in his testimony, viz:
^ ''After his return from Congress m 182.5, he heard Mr.
Trimble give as an apology for voting for Adams, that if
Mr. Adams had not been elected, Mr. Clay would not have
been Secretary of State; and that if Gen. Jackson haU beea
elected, Mr. Adams would have been Secretary."
John Mason, jr., on the same occasion, testified
as follows, viz:
"When witness heard that Trimble had voted for Adams,
he was surprised; and, soon after Ins return, he had a con-
versation with him about his vote, in which he gave as his
reasons that we ascertained if Mr Adams was made Presi-
dent, Mr Clay would be made Secretary of State; and that
if Gen. Jackson was made President, Mr. Clay would not
be made Secretary; and that it would be better for us to
have Adams, with Mr. Clay Secretary, than Gen. Jackson,
without him "
Micajah Harrison, in a letter to the editor of the
Argus, dated 7th February, 1898, states as follows,
viz:
"Without entering into all the minntue of conversation
which took place, I wrill state that the Hon. David Trimble
observed to me, 'that we (meaning, f supposed, the Kentucky
delegation) had distinctly ascertained that, if Mr. Adamg
were elected President, Mr. Cla> w ould be appointed his
Secretary of State; and that if Gen. Jackson were elected
President, Mr. Clay would not."
Jesse Summers, in a letter to Gen. Allen, of the
Kentucky Senate, dated February 5, 1828, says:
"I have heaxd Mr. David Trimble say it was ascertained
that, if John Q, Adams was elected Pjesident, he would ap-
point Homy Clay Secretary of State, and he also stated, in
all probability il Gen Jackson was elected, he would not.
At the same time Mr. Trimble stated that the representa-
tives lrom this State, or a majority of them, thought that it
would be better for us to have John. Q. Adams President and
Hemy clay Secietarv of State, than to have Gen. Jackson
President and some other person Secietdry."
The following statement of twelve citizens of
Lewis county, Kentucky, was subscribed and sworn
to on the 2d day of November, 1827, viz:
"We, the subscribers, certify on oath, that we were sev-
erally present at the Lew is county couit. for October, 1825,
and heard David Trimble make a speech, and he used the
following' ]an£fti<?£f6:
'When we went on last fall to the city of Washington,
we found Mr. Ciaw foid. out of the question: the contest was
between freneral Jackson and John Quincy Adams. We as-
eei tamed that under no circumstances would General Jack-
sou appoint oux friend, Henn Clay, Secretary of State; we
ascertained ihat Mr Adams would appoint our friend, Henry
Clay, Secretasv of State.. Knowing this, then, fellow-cit-
uens, that General Jackson would not. and Mr. Adams
w ould. appoint ourlriend, Henry clay, Secretary of State,
if y ou expected me to vote for General Jackson, you expect-
ed me to do that which 1 could not and would not do/
JACOB FRIZZLE,
HENRY HALBERT,
DAVID C. HKATH.
WILLIAM COFFHIN,
RICHARD PKLIi,
JOHN' HENDRJCK,
JESSE HAMRICK,
JOBS GRIFFITH,
WILLIAM DAVIS,
HEZKKIAII GRIFFITH,
WM. HAMBLIN,
DAVID TONKRY."
There are further proofs of Mr. Trimble's excuse^
but it is needless to quote them.
HON* THOMAS METCALF'S EXCUSE.
Among the evidence taken before the Senate of
Kentucky js the following, viz:
"John S. Ilitt of Bourbon, stated that m 1825, on the 4th or
of January, he went iiito Washington city in the evening,
vind w as in company v.ith Geiwial Metcalfe and asked him
for in!ormc't:cn relative to the presidential election. He
su(,' lie knew little more than when I'uTfast arrived, or
th't i witness: that ihe friends ol ,/r^cJ<v.or) would come
to us and saj—we hear j ou are going to vote for Mr.
Adams; and the friends of "Adams would come to us and
say—we under.'tand 5 ou are going to vote for Jackson,
find soot the f.-iends of Mr. Crawford That vie stand un-
co imutted, and we must know something about how the
cabinet us to be tilled "
The. following is extracted from a statement of
John Deshvi, dated ISo\ ember 17, 1827, viz:
'• Uter the common salutation took place, 1 said, 'Well,
General, } ou ha< e made us a President."
He a'i\\\ '-red, 'Ye*1
'Do you think the people of Kentucky will le pleased with
youi voteP
J think they will when they hear my reasons '
'What are your reasons, sir^
'Whv. we could not possibly get Mr. Clay in the cabinet
without voting for and electing* \ir. Ad3ms. and we could
not do w ithout Mr. Clay's talents '"
Mr. White (Mr. R. yielding the floor) asked if
Mr. Clay's district, from that day to tin's, had elect-
ed any other representative than an anti-Jackson
man?
Mr. Borj) replied, he thought not. He held that
every gentleman should represent first the views of
his own constituents; but there could be no doubt
that Mr. Clay's district was then for General Jack-
son for the presidency, over Mr. Adams.
