T84.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Bargain and intrigue—Mr. Boyd.
April, 1844.
H. of Heps,
op to secure my promotion to office; and that i was privy
and,assented to those propositions, and to the employment
of those means. Such4 being the accusation and the prose-
cutor, and the issue between us, I have now a right to ex-
pect that he will substantiate his charges by the exhibition
of satisfactory evidence In that event, there is no punish-
ment'which would exceed the measure of my oftence. In
the opposite event, what ought to be the judgment of the
American public, is cheerfully submitted to their wisdom
andjustice "
2. Some wfeig editor recently fabricated a statement, that
General Jaclcgon, in a letter to General Hamilton, had ac-
quitted Mr. Clay of the charge of bargain in the election of
1825, so extensively made and believed. It is fortunate for
,the cause of truth, that the venerable hero has lived to put
his veto on this fabrication.
A CARD.
To the Editors of the Nashville Union:
Gentlemen: My attention has been called to variou«
newspaper articles referring to a letter said to have been
written by me to General Hamilton, xecanting the charge ol
bargain made against Mr. Clay when he voted for .\lr, Ad-
ams iu 1825.
To put an end to all such rumors I fe6l it to be due to
myself to state that 1 have no recollection of ever having
written such a letter, and do not believe there is a letter
from mc to General Hamilton, or any one else, that will
bear such a construction. Of the charges brought against
both Mr. Adams and Mr. Clay at that time, 1 formed mv
opinion as the country at large did—from tacts and circum-
Uv
stances that were indisputable and oomiu-iw.
add that this opinioa hu-> umk-igoue no chu
If General Hamilton, oi am oiw «-!>«-, ha* u
on this Mibji'Ct which th«  friemh of \Jr < h\ ilfiiri.i makv
public, .ill that they have to do i- to ppph to !im lor it \s
tor mj self, i have no secrets,and do not iVui the auon
oi all thai J have ever written o:i this or ji;y v:hti «■;!>•
ject.
ANDlir.W M( KS<JN
Hkrmita< k, Ma\ 3, 1811
3. The Hon. Mr. Newton informs me that he \\t * one of
two or three dissentn'ius iiom the rest of the meeting who
adopted the resolutions with wind, his ndinc c-n,.
nected iu the foregoing ppeueh
TO THE SUBSCRIBERS TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE AND APPENDIX.
We have delayed the publication of the Inst number of the Appendix with the hope of getting all the speeches delivered m
both Houses of Congress during the last session before the presidential election* but we have been disappointed in receiving Jo
Mr. Rives s in secret session ,n the Senate, on the Texas treaty; and Mr. Henley's in the House of Representatives on the an
proachmg presidential election. As our subscribers ore constantly writing to us for the last number, we nut it to press wi hr
them. We will print the index to the Appendix in a few days, and send'it to subscribers
We have made arrangements for reporting the proceedings of Congress very fully at the approaching session of (W,
irrsss asr** - «—- --*STfta?£«rfiS s,:-'tr z
The House of Representatives, at the close of the last session snhsrrilw) for it.
Congressional Glob/as ft, back „ „ c„„,d  ",s*
which reports the proceedings in full. ^ \oice. i ne L ,obe is the only paper
All persons who may desire either, or both of these works, should subscribe for th™, h„ ,h* in.i, fn , ,
fail to get them. Persons are still subscribing for the Concessional Globe for th  !' 5,° December, else they may
been able to furnish a complete copy of it since earlv in the session Wo , 11 t J session of Congress, and we have not
ing session to any person wPho wi.Surn to us XVumZ™' it for t ""t sio, T"""3!, G1°be ,he
copies as we have subscribers at the commencement of a session -md ih™ t i SI0I!' "s,ially prmt double as many
 •   ? ««. who the Co,™o„al oS™Mha A men'dE m,«iI ""J* *** «*'  •> be exhnuxed.
the 10th of December, else they will not probably get them. ' " subscriDe and send the muw-y for them by
Persons subscribing for the Congressional Globe, or the Annpndiv s(,n„iJ c >
office to which they wish the paper sent, as there are many post offices of tl c;,rcful t0 n«me the Stale as well as the post
pie. We received money from Pari,, in one of the Stately years ITXV™ dfStutes-ZW, for exam-
out from what State it was sent; and the person who sent it has lost his monev ^ 1 not been able, up to this dav. to find
the postmasters to endorse the name of the State on everv letter hnt m r ®S 0 le General Post Oiiice
Subscribers should subscbe according the foitoS l"" ™">Y ",em a!Sle« >'•
r< cj'iire
Names of Subscribers.
Name of the Post Office and State to which
the paper is to be sent.
Congressional Gioljp
Apremhx.
Paris, Kentucky.
C. D.
Paris, Tennessee.
copy.
J ro;.y
1 do
