f
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.-
-TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 21, 1850.
New Series No.-64-
RECIPROCITY.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
bill to admit certain articles of the growth and pro-
duction of Canada into the United States, free, of
duty, on the condition that the like articles of the
growth and production of the United States be ad-
mitted into Canada, free of duty.
Mr. McLANE said, he was farther instructed
to ask that the correspondence be read, that the
House might exercise its pleasure and judgment in
regard to putting the bill on its passage now, or
sending: it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The Committee on Commerce
had no disposition whatever to consume the time of
the House with the discussion of this subject now;
but, inasmuch as their table had been loaded with
memorials asking for the free navigation of the St.
Lawrence, and inasmuch as the correspondence
informed our Government that the free navigation
of the St. Lawrence should at once be conceded
upon the passage of that bill, and as this was the
season of the year when the free navigation of the
St. Lawrence was valuable, the committee had felt
it to be their duty to ask that the correspondence
be read, and that the bill be at once put upon its
passage—being the identical bill which had passed
this House last session.
Mr. RUMSEY said, he apprehended that the
House would not be prepared to vote upon that
bill after hearing the correspondence read. He
was not ready to vote upon it; he therefore moved
its reference to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. McLANE asked whether or not the motion
to put the bill on it3 passage did not entitle the bill
and correspondence to be read ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to call for the reading of the bill, and if the point
o-f order is made against the reading of the corre-
spondence the gentleman from Maryland can have
it read as a part of his remarks.
The bill was read.
Mr. McLANE. I beg leave to repeat that the
Committee 011 Commerce have 110 desire whatever
to occupy the time of the House by the consider-
ation of this bill now, but inasmuch as by their
understanding of this correspondence it becomes
an act of right to act upon this bill, it being the
bill which had already passed the legislature of
Canada—the committee did not feel at liberty to
send this bill to theCommittee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to be acted upon or not as the
contingencies of the business of the House might
result. 1 shall, therefore, exercise the right to ask
that this correspondence be read as a part of my
remarks.
The correspondence was accordingly read, as
follows:
(A.)
House of Representatives,
Washington, March 15, 1850.
Sir: On the 29th January, 1850, a bill wasreportrd to the
House of Representatives, from the Committee on Com-
ir.fice, " to admit cer ain articles of the growth or produc-
' Hon of Canada into the United States free of dut>, upon
1 the condition that the like articles of the growth or pro-
duction of the United States are admitted into Canada
(tree ot duty.7' This hill has been recommitted to the
Committee on Commerce, with a view to provide therein
for the free navigation of the river St. Lawrence, and to
assunilate the t-ame to the bill now pending be ion? the Sen-
ate, ot the like character. The committee aie not disposed,
however, to introduce into tlip hill anv condition whatever
in regard to the free navigation ot the river, if it can be se-
cured by the treaty power of the Government; and iheyare
led to believe that it is in your power to obtain a full and
satisfactory assurance to tins efiect, at tin? lime. With this
view, 1 am instructed by the committee to make known to
you their impressions. If it is in jour p.nver to communi-
cate to the committee assurances satisfactory to you, that
the fiee navigation of the St. Lawrence would be tendeicd
to the citizens of the United State-, upon terms eatislnctory
to the Government of the United States, upon the passage
of the hill in question, (a copy of which ts herewith en-
closed,) the committee would fee! it mote expedient to
recommend the passage of the bill, m its present shape,
rather than to connect with it any condition whatever.
I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient
servant, ROBERT M. .Vk-LANE,
Chairman Committee on Commerce.
To the Hon. John M. Clayton, &c., &c., &c.
64
<B.)
Department of State,
Washington, vi/.ri/ 1,1850.
Sir: I herewith transmit, for the information of the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the Hou<*e of Representatives, a
copy of the corre-pondence with the British Minister, the
Right Hon. Sir Henry LyUon Bulwer, relative to the navi-
gation of the St. Lawrence, which contains the information
avked f7 r in your letter of the loth ultimo.
During the last summer, Her Maje-ty's cbarsS d'Affaires,
John F. Crampton, Esq.. in connection with Sir Hamilton
Merritt, a? a««'nt for Lord Elain, proposed negotiations with
this department, lelative to tiie hilt referred to in your letter,
offering the reciprocal exchange of natural products be-
tween this country and the Canada?, free of duly. Jt was
apparent, then, that the free navigation of the St. Lawience
a  d the Welland canal would be offered us, on the terms
now stated in the note of Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer. The
President declined to make a treaty on the subject of duties
on imports, which Wf-uld exclude the House ol Representa-
tives Irom a dectfion on thai subject. Xt was considered to be
the peculiar province of Congress to decide upon tne ex-
pediency of repealing or increasing dutif-s.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN M. CLAYTON.
Hon. Robert M. McLase,
Chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
House of Representatives United Stales.
(C)
Department of State,
Washington, March 2o, 1850.
Sir: I have received from the honorable Rhbfrt M.
McLane, Chairman of the Committee on Commerce of the
Hou*e of Representatives ol the United States, a communi-
cation, (a copy of winch accompanies this note,) relating
to a subject upon which « e have heretofore conversed, and
in reference to winch there was much conversation be-
tween Mr. Crampton and mysell during the last^ummer. I
refer to the navigation of the river St. Lawrence. To en-
able me propyllv to answer the inquiry of the Committee
on Commerce, I resptcifully request you to address to nse
an official note on the subject referred to by them, a copy
of which may be commurm-ated to their chairman.
Accept, sir, the renewed assurance of niy most dis-
tinguished consideration. JOHN" M. CLAYTOX.
Rt. Hon. Sir H. L. Bi'LWFR, &c., &.C., &c.
British Legation, March 27,1850.
Sir : I have received the favor of your communication of
yesterday's date, inclosing me one to yourself from the chair-
man of the Committee ou Commerce of the House of Rep-
resentatives, respecting the navigation ol the River St.
Lawrence, and the feeling which Her Majesty's Govern-
ment misht entertain towards grantirg to the shipping and
citizens of ihe Unit d States the free transit on that river,
m the event of the Canada reciprocity bill, now before Con-
gress, being passed by the American Lcmslatnre, and the
general commercial relations between the United States
and the Canadas being thus placed on a footing more satis-
actory to both parties
I feel myself authorized to state in reply to you, that Iler
Majesty's "Government, entertaining a cordial desire to pro-
mote a good understanding with this country, and to facili-
tate every measure which can tend to estubhs-h the most
amn-able intficourse betwe-n it and the vatiou* portions
of Her Majesty's empire, takes a sincere interest m the suc-
cess of that measure which has already been conditionally
approved of by the Legislature of the Canadas ; and which,
1 mav respectfully remark, seems to me the natural conse-
quence of those measures by which the markfts of Great
Btnain have already been opened to the agricultural pro-
duce of this country. The desire thus desciibed would, as
you may imagine, be still further increased on finding that
it was responded to here; whilst the course which the
Committee on Commerce has suggested, and which you
have complied with, hy addressing yourself to Her Majes-*
ty's representative on a subject which cannot but be one
of imperial as well of colonial interest, will also, I feci
certain, be cossidered as * pioof o£_that friendly spirit
towards the Government of England which exists through-
out Her Majesty's dominions towards the people aiid Gov- J
eminent of this country.
N I feel no hesitation, therefore, m sftmg. thatthe instruo- I
tions with which I came to the (Jmttd States warrant me, .
under such circumstances, in assui ins you, thai should a bill ,
corresponding to that which has received the sanction of
the Legislature in Canada, be passed bv the Legislature of -
the United States, and receive the sane ion of the President i
of the United State*, Her Majesty's Government will be
ready to respond to any application which the Unu< d States j
Government may then address to it on the subject concern- :
ing which you have now applied to me, by at once consent- i
ing to open the navigation of the River St. Lawrence, and |
of the canals thereto adjoining (and which would be duly :
specified) to the shipping and citizens of the United States, i
I need not observe to you that Hei Majesty's Government 1
would of course in such case reserve to itself the full right
of withdrawing the aforesaid concession upon giving due
nottce of such intention whenevei it might deem proper so
to'do, as in fact the Government and Legislature of the
United States fan likewise alter, whenever it may so deem
proper, whatever regulations or laws they may now sanc-
tion.
It gives me great pleasure to have it lhn« in my power to
satisfy yourself and the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives with respect to the question contained in your
note ami its mclosure, and I avail myself of this opportu-
nity to renew to you the assurance of mv highest consider-
ation. H L. pULWXfi.'
Honorable/. M.Clayton, &c., &c., &c."
Mr. McLANE. I hope ! am, entirely under-
stood by the House, when I say again
no disposition whatever to occupy its time,or
sent this measure in advance of the other measures
reported from the Committee on Commerce, or
other committees of this House. I simply desire,
on behalf of the committee and in obedience to
their instructions, to state to the House why it
was that they felt themselves bound to recommend
the immediate passage of the bill. The reason ist
that the bill reported is the bill,which has already
passed the Canada Legislature and is a law there,
is the bill which ha3 once passed this House, arid
we understand, the Secretary of State and the
British Minister understand, that upon the pas-
sage of that law he (the British Minister) is under
obligation at once, that he now has instructions*
now has the power to grant the free navigation of
the St. Lawrence to our citizens and our ship-
ping;. - . . ■*
But I am very well aware that there ts a great
diversity of opinion as to the propriety of passing
this law at all. I do not propose to go into that
subject. There is a gentleman on the Committee
on Commerce who is entirely opposed to the pas-
sage of this bill—the honorable gentleman before
me, [Mr. Stetson,] who was not even advised,
as he informs me, that the bill was to be put upon
its passage. I understand it to be the gentleman's
intention to move its reference to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. In view of
that opposition I do not feel called upon, or at
liberty to enter into a debate at all. I will, there-
fore, anticipating the motion of my colleague on
the Committee on Commerce, move that,the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion has already
been made by the gentleman from New .York,
[iVIr. Rumsey.]
Mr. McLANE. Then, as a matter of duty, In
order that the time of the House may not be con-
sumed upon this preliminary question, I ask the
previous question on the reference. ,
Messrs. HARRIS, of Illinois, PECIC, and
others, demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I ara«asked by
several gentlemen to withdraw the demand for the
previous question. 1 hope the House will re-
member that I have not said a single word upon
the perils of the bill. I cannot withdraw the
;! motion. As a matter of duty I must insist on the
11 demand for the previous question.
!! There was great confusion in the hall. -
11 The SPEAKER said that 90 question would be
I j put to the House until order had been restored,
fj Gentlemen would suspend conversation.
After a few moments, order having been re-
stored—
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired of the Speaker
whether the previous question was pending.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question is pending?
Mr. CONRAD was understood to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr.
McLane,] whether it was intended to press the
bill to a final action at this time?
Mr. McLANE. On the contrary, the question
is that the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the, state of the Union.
Mr. BILLIARD rose to put an inquiry to the
Chair. If the House should no\« resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, would no' this bill (Mr. H. inquired) corns
up as the first business in order to-morrow morn-
ing? And, if it should be sentto the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union without haw-
ing; been made a special order, would there not
probably be much delay in acting upon it?
The SPEAKER said, the Chair could not know
what disposition the Committee of theWMeon
the state of the Union would make of its business,
nor in what time it would dispose of it. The
Speaker was understood to add, however, in view
