1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
May 16,
of the business which the committee had now be-
foieit,fhar delay would most probably take p ace.
Mr. HfLLfARD. Then, in order that the bill
may come up in the morning:, I move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
M r. PRESTON KfNG, inquired of the Speak-
er, whether the report would not as a matter of
course he minted ? i
The SPEAKER said the report would not be
printed without an order to that effect.
Mr. KING hoped, he said, that the printing
woritd he ordered.
Mr, MiLAN £> of Maryland. I object to any
order or motion, until the demand for the previous
question has been disposed of.
The SPEAKER, stated the question to be on the
demand for the previous question.
Mr BORT inquired of the Speaker whether the
morning hour had expired r
The SPEAKER. Not yet—some minutes re-
main.
Mr. BURT. I hope that the business on the
Speaker'* fable will be disposed of.
TheSPEAfCER. All remarks are out of order,
Pending a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The onestion was then tdken on the motion of
Mr. Bjluard, and decided in the negative—ayes
6U, nr,es 62.
So the House refnsed'to c;o into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question then recurring on the demand for
the previous question,
Mr. BURT mquirtd if the morning hour had
exnired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired.
Mr BURT. When will it expire?
The SPEAKER. In seven minutes from this
time.
Mr. DUER inquired of the Speaker, whether it
would be in order to move to make this bill a
Bperial oider-3
The SPEAKER. It will be in order by unani-
mous consent.
Is there a second (the Speaker added) to the
demand for the previous question >
Mr. JONES moved that the bill be laid upon the
taltfe.
Mr. J said he would merely remark that he
coit?d see no necessity at all for the bill.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative,
So the House decided that the bill should not
be laid upon the table.
The question recurred on the demand for the
previoo* question.
Mr, DUER, (to the Speaker.) If the demand
for the previous question should not be seconded,
will it then be in order to move that the bill be
rnfid>-J a special order?
The SPEAKER. The motion will not, under
any circumstances, whether the pievious question
is voted down or not, be m orderexrept by unani-
mous consent, or under a motion to suspend the
rules when that motion shall be m order.
Mr. DUER. May a motion be made to post-
pone the further consideration of the subject to a
day cerfaui ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion may be made.
The question on seconding the demand for the
previous question was then taken, and decided m
me, affirmative, without a division.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
token. Which mam question was, first, on refer-
pnv the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
si-\?e of the Union, and on ordering the bill and
Inaccompanying; report to be printed.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, (to the Speaker.)
I-f s the rnornm:-? Ivur expired r
The SPEAKER. There is yet one minute of
the hour remaining.
Mr. McLANE. If f could have the attention
of gentlemen for a single moment, I would state
th?i my only anxiety is to cany out, under the
rule, the \vif! of the Hou?e.
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) No remarks
are in order at this tune.
The rna-n ciestion (continued the Speaker) is,
first, on returns the bill to the Committee of the
WhM* on 'he state of the Union, and on ordering
the billaud accompanying report to be printed.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
accompanying report, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker ) I believe that
the morninsr hour has now expired.
Tiie SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. BURT. I move that the House proceed
to the consideration of the business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. RUMSEY. I rise to a privileged question.
1 move a reconsideration of the vote by which the
bill just acted upon has been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and I move that that motion he laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot now be
considered, because the motion of the gentleman j
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] that the House :
proceed to the consideration of business on the i
Speaker's table has the precedence. But the mo- j
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Rum- ,
sey] will be entered on the Journal. j
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I have only to
say that I hope the motion to reconsider will not ;
be laid upon the table. j
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be enter- ;
taitied at this tune, nor are any remarks upon it ;
in order. It will, however, be entered on the
Journal. The gentleman from South Carolina !
[VIr. Burt] moves that the House proceed to the j
consideration of business on the Speaker's table. 1
Mr. MCMULLEN inquired of the Speaker j
whether it would be in order to move thnt thai I
motion be laid on the tabic? •
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
order.
Mr. DUER moved that the House resolve itself j
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the !
Union. j
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman j
from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] has precedence |
over the motion to:jo into Committee of the Whole 1
on the state of the Union. j
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a question of order, j
I understand my colleague [Mr. Rum^ey] to have j
moved that the vote by which the bill has been j
lefcired to the Committee of the Whole on the j
state of the Union, be reconsidered. Immediately j
upon that motion, another was wt>de that the mo- j
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table. I ask J
why the motion not in order? !
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state why
' the motion cannot now be considered. By the
rules of the House it is expressly piovidfd that,
after the expiration of the morning hour, it shall
! alwavs he in order to proceed to the business upon
■ the Speakei 5s table. That motion was made by
■ the gentleman fiom South Carolina, [Mr. Burt;]
1 it is now in order, although amotion to reconsider
is pending at this time arid has precedence over it.
Mr. CONGER. The motion to reconsider was
I made subsequent to that submitted by the gentle-
: man from South Carolina
1 The SPEAKER. Exactly. Hence it is that
! the Chair decided that the motion could only be
' entered upon the Journal, not considered, at this
time.
Mr. CONGER. Then \ submit that the motion
; to reconsider is not m order at this lime.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is m error.
It has been the invariable pi aciice of the House to
I entertain such motions under these circumstances.
: They may be called up at the proper time, al-
though not in order when they ere submitted.
The question was then taken on the motion of
1 Mr. Burt, and was decided in the affirmative,
i without a division.
! So the House proceeded to the consideration of
1 the business upon the Speaker's table.
I INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
! Mr. BURT said, he boned that as the House
' had now proceeded to the consideration of busi-
, ness on the Speaker's tabic, the House would al-
: low the Senate bill on the subject to which he had
■ referred this morning, to be put on its first and
' second reading, and referred to (be Committee on
■ Military Affairs. That, committee, as he had
already stated, would hold a meeting to-morrow
; morning. It was a matter of jrreat importance
j that this bill should be presented for the action of
i the House at the earliest practicable moment. i
Mr. JONES. I understand this bill is to in-
crease the army. I am opposed to it, 1 wish that
the bill should come up in the regular order of
the business or) the Speaker's table.
Mr. BURT hoped, he said, ehat the House
would see the necessity and propriety of taking
up this bill.
Objection being made and persisted in, the bill
was not now taker up.
THE TARIFF AND COASTWISE TRADE.
The first in the order of business on the Speaker*??
table, was the message of the President of the
United States, (under discussion at the time of
adjournment yesterday,) transmitting the corre-
spondence between the British Minister and the
Secretary of State of the United States, in retafton
to the coastwise trade and duties on Butish^oods.
When the House adjourned last evening, the
state of the question was as follows ;
The original motion was to ve'er ihe correspond-
ence to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] had
moved, as an amendment to that motion, to refer so
much of the correspondence as related to the coast-
in? trade, to the Committee on Commerce, and so
much as related to the increase of dunes on British
iron, &c , to the Committee on Fvlanuiactures;
and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly)
had moved to amend the proposed amendment, so
as to refer so much of the correspondence as rela-
ted to the dutv on iron, &.c., iu the Committee of
Way s and Means.
The pending; question now was on the amend-
ment of the gentleman fiom Vir^mia.
On this motion the yeas and nays had hereto-
fore been ordered, and having been now taken, re-
sulted— yeas 89, nays 83, as follows :
YEA£—Mes.^rs. Alherlson, A-^he, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beaie, Bonn hmj, Biss.hU, BociscK, Bowdon, Bowha, ]{md
Albert G Blown, Bin t, Joseph CdUie, Gh< £h A. Caldwell.
(Jartter, Cimmnan, W. R W. Cohb, Coh-oek, D'muuek,
Difney. f)oly, f 'Uiifiam, fbu kee. fc;uher,-tmi, Filch, Fuller",
Gfir , Greeiij Hall H omlton. HaiaKon, Hati.m, G„
llarr s, i?ainjw   W. llarus*, Tlion>n-  L. Hariif, Ui.hard,
Milliard, HoagUnd, Hollad<«>, How ard, Jinl.brmJ, In«e, Jos.
W. Jack^m, Andrew JoIiiimhi. Jou<-s, Julrtn, Kaniman,
Pro-ion Kinir, ba Sfcre, L«'filer. Lutlefh Id, Ma*o , MeCkr-
nand, Ehnndd, Ruben M M<L<ine, McMullen, iW< Queen,
McVVilhe. Meade, MiHer, Milton, Mom*, Mor-e, Motto",
< H<K, Orr, Pe;vdee, Phelps Potter, Ro-<, Saw u lie, cJeddoru
Frederick P. ^canton, ftelintci H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Snellen*, Sweetser. 'i horn s, Jaruh Thomson, H7nh,utx
Thompson, Toombs, Vi'iiabh', W.ildo, Wallace,WeiitworUj,
VYMtttefcey, VValdnck, and Woodward—8!J
NAYti—Mc^n. Alexander, Andeit-on, Baker, Benrifttj,
Bodii, Brooks. Borrows, Chester Buth r, Thonms B Bttiler,
Jor-eph P. Caldwell. Calvin, Citmpbeli, Ca-ev, Ciiand/er,
Cole, Congey, CoiufJil, (Joiwin, Crowell, Daniel, Due),
Duncan. N.ulian E>-an^, Fowler, G.hnore,Gnrt Gould. Cnn-
nelJ, iiaItov\ ay, Hampton, Fhn , 1 [aysmmd, II* bard, Henrv,
H.twe, Jame^L. John-on, Kerr, Daniel P. Kin«r, George 6-.
King, J.nnt's G Kni«, Joiui A. Kinsj, Levi , Hor ice M?innt
Job Mann, M ir^hnll, Matteso/,, W( Gausfhev, iVJeKj^vn k,
M( Lanalum, Meaeh.iui, Moore. Nel-on, N.-well, < )jjh-. Ou^,
Peck, Pfuenix, Pitman, Putnam, R«fd, Re\iioM-. R^i^y,
Pioldnns, R-'r-e, linm-ey, Siieki tr, Schenek. Scho..lr aft
ppeid, e?i|vi ster. Sp'.iane, Sianlv. Sir<mir. Ta\lor.
B. Thompson, 'J'u< k, Un«l< rluil, Van t)vke", Vinton, Wai-
knis. Williams, Wn-?on,Hnd Wnithrop~fc3.
So the amendment of Mr. Bayly to the amend-
ment of IVJr. Brooks, was agreed to. And so
much of the correspondence as  elates to the duty
on iron,&o., w^s referred to the Committee of
Wnvs and Means.
The question then recurred on a^reeina: to the
amendment of Mr, Brooks, as thus amende)].
Mr. BROOKS said, there were two letters
from the British Minister, one duied January jst.
This wos the one which lie (Mr. B.) had moved
to refer to the Committee on Commerce. The
other was dated January 3d. This he had moved
to refer to {he Committee on IMauufaenues.
.Mr MOORE., (n> the Speaker.) any further
amendment in oi dcr ?
The SPEAKF,ll. It is not. The House is act-
ing under ihe operation of the previous question.
The question taken and decided m the af-
firrnmatjve, syrs 79, noes 71.
So n oart of ihe con espondence was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and a part to the
Commutes of Ways and IXIeans.
Mr. BA"V LY moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, and io lay that motion on rhetahle.
Mr. CASEY (icrnanoed ihe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie oidered, and bein^
taken, resulted, yeas 88, nays 80, as follows:
YEAS—M'J<sr^. Aiberhon, A^ton. A^he, Avejejj, C.TI
Bea e, Bmulianj, 1!, Bi.erw k, 1 owlio. U.>vd, Alnert G.
Brown, fcuef, Burt. Joseph Cnhle, George A. CaloweH,
Cartter, Ciingman, W. fi. W. Cobb, Colcock, Dimmiek,
