1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May lf>,
died of wounds received or diseases contracted in
the service. Again: hy the genera! pension law,
the highest pension the widow of any officer
could receive, even though her husband was killed
in battle, was one half of the pay of a lieu'enant-
colonel. If General Scott, the general-in-chief of
our forces in Mexico, had been killed in one of the
battles there, under the general law of Congress
his widow would only have been entitled to a
pension of $30 per month, being one-half the
pay of a lieutenant-colonel? and that for five years
only; and in case of her marriage before the ex-
piration of the five years, the pension would
cease. But this bill did not propose to give this
pension during widowhood, or for five years onlyi
It did not propose to limit it to half the pay of a
lieutenant-colonel, but it proposed to give to the
widow of General Worth a pension of $50 per
month during her natural life. Mrs. Worth might
marry to-morrow, and still she would continue to
receive the pension during life. In these respects,
certainly, the gentleman must admit, the bill vio-
lated the principles of our pension laws;
As for this bill going to the committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions theie to slumber or be smoth-
ered, he thought that was a gratuitous assumption
that the committee would not do their duty. The
very able and discriminating chairman of that
committee and the other members would, he
doubted not, act promptly, on whatever subject
might be committed to them. He hoped the bill
wonid be referred.
Mr. GROWELL expressed a hope that the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee would be
sustained, and that farther action on this bill would
for the present be suspended. It was true that
the principle contained m this bill was one involv-
ing a departure from the general law so import-
ant, that, before further action on it, it should be
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
for their revision. If, after examination by that
committee, it shall be found to have received their
approbation, then let the bill be passed. Our pen-
sion system has been enlarged to such an enormous
extent, that when the House is about to placr
on the list a new pensioner of this character, it is
highly proper that the subject be referred to a com-
mittee. Jn the deficiency bill, which we had just
passed, we have appropriated nearly a million of
dollars to bring up the arrearages of pensions; and
if we are to proceed at this rate, in a very few
years it will be found that our revenue will be
barely sufficient to pay off the pensioners. This
whole system is one of the remaining featuies of
the rotten and decaying despotisms of the Old
World; and we have gone into it with such a per-
fect rush, that the amount necessary now to make
up the deficiency m the last year's payments
forms one of the largest items in an appropriation
bill. He hoped that before the House consented
to pass this bill, it would be permitted to go tn one
of the standing committees for their examination,
and that we should not go on in this ha^ty man-
ner, and swallow up all the revenue of the Govern-
ment without examination.
Mr. DUEEl said he had no doubt that the House
intended to pass this bill, and, therefore, for the
sake of obtaining an early vote on the subject, he
would move the previous question.
The demand for the pievious question was sec-
onded, and the mam question was ordered—-being
first on the reference of the bill.
Mr. BAKER said, he desired only to ask
whether the bill granted a pension for life?
[Cries of " Yes."]
The SPEAKER said debate was not in order.
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. JUNES moved to reconsider the vote and
to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn.
CHINA.
The SPEAKER. Before the Chair puts the
motion to adjourn, he desires to lay before the
House a communication, which has been lying on ;
the Speaker's table, from the American Comrriis- j
sioner in China, in regard to the receipts and ex- '
pendttures of the several consulates, in obcdience j
to the 17th section of the act of Congress of Au- :
gust 11, 1848, carrying into effect certain provis-
ions of the treaty between the United States and
China.
On motion by Mr. McCLERNAND, the com-
munication was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs and ordered to be printed.
LIST OF PENSIONERS.
TheSPEAKERalsolaid before the House n com-
munication from the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, informing the House that he had in his
custody, as Clerk of the House, a report made in
obedience to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, of 17ih of February, 1847, from the
War Department, being a statement showing .the
number of pensioners who have been placed on
the pension roll subsequent to the 12th of October,
1835, designating their rank, &c., &c., and all
other information connected with this subject.
He also pointed out the importance of the docu-
ment, and asked the action of Congress in regard
to its further disposition.
Mr. FOWLER moved that the communication
of the Clerk, with the document of which it spoke,
be referred to a select committee of five members,
with instruction to examine the document, and
teport upon its contents and the proper disposition
of it.
Mr. CONGER said that the House, during the
last Congress, had made a call on the department
f >r thisdocument. So far as he had heard it, the ex-
planation made by the Clerk was coriect. The
action of the last Congress was adverse to the
printing of this document; and if anything was
now done, it ought to be, to order the printing.
He therefore desired that the document should be
again referred to the Committee on Printing. He
was not now a member of that committee, and he
believed that there was but one gentleman now
here who was a member of that committee during
the last session. The <oc.ument ought, in his
opinion, to be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, that it misjht be examined by that committee.
Mr. BOYD moved that thedocument be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions; and
upon that motion he demanded the previous ques-
tion.
i\Ir. VINTON. Will the gentleman withdraw
the demand for the previous question for a single
moment, in order to enable me to submit a motion r
and I will then renew it, if such be his desire.
Mr BOYD. Ceiiamly. I will withdraw it.
Mr. VINTON. 1 merely desire to say, that it
is perfectly evident that these papers will be used
for the benefit, and very greatly to the advantage
of speculators; and I think the best disposition
we can make of them is, to send them back to the
Secretary of War. I make thai motion.
Mr BOYD lenewed thedemand for the previous
question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
lay the whole subject on the table.
The SPEAKER said the Chair would state to the
House, in reference to this document, that, be-
lieving it ought to be printed with a view to the
communication of its contents to the parties inter-
ested, or, at least, to putting it within their reach,
he had d netted it to be sealed up, not to be opened
but by order of the House. The Speaker, he
added, did not conceive that he had a right to ex-
eicise any control over it. Any member of the
House, vs. ho desired it, had the same right of ac-
cess to the document that the Speaker had; and it
had been communicated to the House at the sug-
gestion of the Chair, m order that the House
might say what disposition should be made of it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, inquired if the
pending question was on laying the communica-
tion on {! e table?
The SPEAKER replied, that the pending ques-
tion wo3 on the motion of the gentleman trom
Mississippi, to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS. i hope it will be voted
down, and that we shall have the document printed
that every one may see it.
The question being put on this motion to lay
the subject on the table, it was not agreed to.
So the document was not laid on the table.
Mr CLEVELAND. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment, m order that 1 may make
a suggestion to the House?
Mr. BOYD declined to withdraw his demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It ought to be voted
down, and I trust it will be.
The question being puton seconding the demand
for the previous question, it was not seconded.
Mr. CLEVELAND said he presumed thta
every member of the House would understand,
from what had already been communicated to the
House, that this document, now in the hands of
their Clerk, contained information that was im-
portant to the nation at latge; important to the
Treasury of the United States, and highly im-
portant to a certain class of widows and orphans
in ihis country. The objection to having it exam-
ined, as he understood it, was, that if it were ex-
amined, a knowledge of its contents might come
into the possession of those who would make an
improper use of it; who would set themselves at
work to obtain fiom tho-e who were entitled to
the money a large share, if not the whole, of their
claims. And he would ask what, under the cir-
cumstances, was it the duty of the House to do?
Was it not their duty to secure, if possible, to the
people who were entitled to the money what was
their due? Had they not the power to do it?
Was it not their province to direct the Clerk of the
House to send information to the individuals who
were entitled to the money, to give them notice
that the fund was here, and not have to receive
this information from persons disposed to profit by
the knowledge, and to drive a hard bargain with
the claimant, by stipulating for the greater portion
of the claim, before communicating the intelli-
gence? Was it not the duly of that House, he
would ask, to make provision that this money
should go to the persons who were entitled to it?
His own-idea was, that the House ought to make
such provision, and to notify the persons to whom
the money belonged, that the fund was here.
The House possessed a general power over this
subject, and they ought to exercise that power, so
as 10 save the innocent claimant from impositions
which might be practiced upon him, and which
doubtless would be practiced upon him, in case the
[louse did not interpose, in his judgment, u was
clearly their duty to give this information to the
paities interested, and he was of opinion that it
could easily he done, either by directing the Clerk
of the House to communicate the intelligence to
the parties, or in any other way that the House
might see fit to diiect; and he certainly regarded
it a3 a paramount duty which they owed to these
people to let them know that the fund was here;
and that they would be enabled to obtain their
money without being robbed by sharpers in the
guise of agents and brokers. They were as well
able to give notice to the parties as these agents
were, and it was their duty to do it. It was their
duty to make some provision, in order to prevent
these people from being plundeied. His own
idea in regard to the method to be adopted was,
that it would be better to authorize the Clerk of
the House to give information to those who he
had reason to suppose were en titled to the money,
and let them come forward and receive it.
Mr. HARALSON said it was not often that he
troubled the House with any remarks, and he cer-
tainly should not detain them now, at this late
hour of the day, were it not that this was a mat-
ter in which he felt considerable interest, for it was
one concerning which he had himself been put to
a good deal of trouble and inconvenience m con-
sequence of the applications which had been made
to him for information. He thought it was highly
desirable that some means should be devised for
giving information to the persons interested, that
the money to which they were entitled could be
obtained by them, and how n could be obtained.
It would, m the fiist place, save members a great
deal of trouble, if the country at large weie put
in possession of this information, and he would
suggest a plan by which he thought it might read-
ily be done, and this was, by ordering the docu-
ment to be printed, and requiring the Clerk of the
House to send a copy or copies of it to every
county clerk's office in every State, it would
then be subject to inspection by all the people of
each county; and by disseminating the informa-
tion in this way, throughout thecountry, it would
be tolerably certain to reach the parues who are
really entitled to the money. He thought that by
adopting this pian for diffusing the information,
they would forestall the harpies who were ieady
to prey upon these claimants, and prevent them
from defrauding the claimants of their money. It
