1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
wai no uncommon thins:, for people residing in |) of these claims against the Government in their
various parts of the country, to receive letters j possession, it would certainly be an act unworthy
• ome agent of claims, asking for information ' ' ' ™
from e--
in iwarii to the rfsidence of particular individuals,
supposed 10 lie the heirs, or the descendants of
persons entitled to receive money from the Gov-
ernment; and this information beins; obtaind by
the agent, his next step was, to propose to the
claimant, that he should advance to said aa;ent one
half the amount of the claim, in consideration of
his proceeding to recover the balance, Theclaim-
ant is actually losing one-half, in every instance, s
and Biandins a chance to lose the whole; because,
when the money came into the handsof the a ent,
it was not at nil certain that it would ever find its
way to the proper claimant, if, then, they were
to publish 
Mr. FOWLER (interposing) said, that he
wished merely to state to the gentleman from
the House to conceal those evidences. Besides,
those who made out the record, he had no doubt,
had kent an abstract, and they were very prob-
ably in communication with the claim agents, and
enabled to aid those agents in defrauding innocent
claimants. To print these evidences, and furnish
(hem to the country, would accomplish two desira-
ble purposes. In the first place it would put an
end to the frauds mentioned by the gentleman
from Vermont; and in the next place, it would en-
able the parties entitled to revolutionary or other
pensions, to obtain such pensions; and it would
have the effect of enabling them to get rid of ver-
min, by which the country waa infested. The
best way to get rid of them, was to place the evi-
dence of the claims within the reach of every indi-
vidual. He did not wfsh the House to take the
Georeia, that a report similir to this had been h mean and paltry course of concealing the evidence
" ' i of claims against the Government—claims which
! should beheld sacred, and scrupulously paid. He
j trusted that this information would be put within
I the reach of 'hose who were entitled to pensions;
t that the House should take a bold and manly
: course; that they would act like statesmen in re-
j Jft'rd to this subject. Let the information go to the
j world. lie hoped the document would be printed,
i and laid upon the tables of members, in order that
1 they might send them to the various counties of
their several States, so that the parties interested
mis;ht be put in possession of information in re-
gard to their rights, and receive the benefits to
which they were entitled. He would move that
it be printed; or rather, that it be referred tea the
Committee on Printing, to report upon the num-
ber necessary to be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER remarked, that if this subject
were passed by, or the pending motion superseded
by the motion to adjourn, it could only be taken
up again by unanimous consent. If the House
published in 1835, and, by order of the House
five copies of that report were transmitted to every
county clerk's office in the country, it was the
very thing the gentleman had suggested in this
case.
Mr. HARALSON said, he had not been aware
of the fact,-as the gentleman had stated; but it
occurrert to him that the proper way would be, to
deposjt one or more copies in the office of every
county clerk, where the parties interested might
have access to them.
Mr PECK wished to state to the House a fact
in relation to the frauds that were practiced upon
persons who were entitled to pensions, which had
come within his own knowledge. A man who
was supposed to he of very high standing had been
acting as agent for pensions in tehalfof persons
residing in his State who were entitled to pensions,
and after the lapse of a considerable time, it was
discovered that he had drawn the pensions of
individuals whose names were on the pension roll,
and had appropriated the money to his own use.
When the Government officers became apprised
of this fact, they communicated it to the district fjuled, or refused to act upon it now, he desired
attorney, who commenced proceedings against the
individual. He became aware of it, and, u ithout
paying over the money, he absconded. This was,
doubtFess, but one case out of many, where frauds
of this kind had been practiced. He thought some
plan should be devised by which these frauds
might be prevented in future.
Mr. FOWLER said, he concurred most heartily
in what had been said by the gentleman from
Georgia, and by the gentleman from Vermont. If
these documents should now be printed and dis-
seminated, as proposed by the gentleman from
Georgia, it would not only lead to the detection of
all frauds connected with the pension fund, but it
to state that he should consider it an approval on
the part of the House of the order which he had
already given, that the document be kept sealed
up, and subject to any subsequent order of the
House that might be made respecting it.
Mr. MARSHALL withdrew his motion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, renewed it.
The question being put upon the motion to ad-
! journ, it was decided in the negative.
j So the House refused to adjourn,
i Mr. HARALSON inquired whether, if the
; House should refuse to refe.r trie document, it
! would then be in order to move to have it printed ?
The SPEAKER replied, that it would be in
would furnish every claimant with information .  ——  
respecting his claim h would do away with the 'j order to make that motion after the House had
nece«sity°of employing agents, and consequently , disposed of the questions o re^er , ^
prevent them from obtaining the money belonging :: being the motion of e S npr;ntinD.. anti
to those claimants. He hoped the document would r York, to refer a to the^omvmttee on
be printed, in order that the public might be put I
in possession of the information. !
Mr. HARALSON said, he would offer the mo- .
tion he intended to make in the form of a resolu- ;
tion, if the Clerk would take down the words. It •
would read thus:
'• Resotral, That the sax! document he printed, and tiiat ;
the Clurk of thM notice furnish a copy thfrenf to every
courtof record in tile various counties o! the Uoitfd States. '
It would then be subject to inspection by the
PUMrC I^OWLER suggested that five copies had lj the motion which he had «'•s" *4m°the
i< struct the Committee on Printing to asceuatn tne
the next being the motion of the gentleman from
Kentucky, to'refer to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions. .
Mr. CONGER said he desired to modify fits
motion, so as to require the Committee on Print-
ing to inquire into the expediency of printing the
document. .
The SPEAKER remarked that the Chair under-
stood that to be the object of the motion.
, Mr. MARSHALL said he would like to be m-
formed whether it was in order now to modify
been fjrnished to each county court, of the report
made in 18.15.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said he under-
stood that a portion of this document had already
been copied, and got into the hands of some pen-
sion agent.
Mr. VENA OLE rose to address the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Georgia yield the floor ?
Mr. H ARALSON. I will yielded it altogether,
as "oon a« rtiv resolution is received.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's resolution
is not now in order.
A motion was here made that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
The question being put, upon the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, il was not agreed to.
Mr. VENABLE said he would merely remark
in relation to this subject, that, having the evidence
number of conies necessary be printed r
1 The SPEAKER stated that the first question
i before the House was upon the motion of the gen-
' tlnm-in from Kentucky, to amend the motion of
the gentleman from New ^ork, and to refer the
i document to the Committee on Revolutionary
I Pinions. , . ,
' Mr. MARSHALL. Would it be m order to
; modify that motion, by substituting fot it an in-
! structi'on to the Committee on Pruning to author-
i ize the printing of five thousand copses? I under-
island from some gentleman—the gentleman trom
i Massachusetts, I believe—that much of this mform-
; ation has been thrown before" the country as eady
,j as the year 1835.
Mr. FOWLER. The gentleman is not quite
lj correct. In 1*35. sir, a full report, from the Com-
i| missioner of Pensions, was made to Congress,
through the Secretary at War, and printed in three
large octavo volumes. ; ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Containing what?
Mr, FOWLER. Containing the very same in-
formation, as 1 understand, as that embraced; in
this document, but bringing it down ofily to 1835,
U is proposed, now, merely to continue this in-
formation from 1835 down to the present time-
Mr. MARSHALL. If the information has
heretofore been thrown before the country, as the
gentleman fr*m Massachusetts intimates
Mr. FOWLER. One word. , li. was- oijiy in-
formation down to 1835, which was then -laid
before the country. This document continues ihe
history from that to the present time.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 have this subject deeply
at heart. No question has come before the House
in which I take more interest; indeed, for some
time past t have been reflecting upon the best
mode of procuring the publication of whatever the
offices of Government contain, which cart throw
light upon or afford additional evidence of the ex-
istence of claims to pensions, under laws hereto-
fore passed. As the subject has been " jumped
up," to use a western phrase, I trust the House
will never quit the pursuit of it until we have
opened for popular examination ali that the Gov-
ernment has in possession, affording evidence of
the justice of claims to pension upon the part of
any survivor of the Revolution, or the widows of
those who have died, or the childress of those he-
roes who stood up for their country in the days of
old.
We are admonished, that should this informa-
tion be printed, these claimants will be made the
victims of greedy speculators. Sir, I am not to be
, frightened from the performance of my highest
' duty to those entitled to pensions, by any such
warning. They are now victims of greedy specula-
tors, who infest this city like birds of prey, and
follow your treasury with a voracity which knows
no satiety. Speculators! Look up the Avenue
and see the number of claim-agents, who are earn-
ing a livelihood by compelling justice to the rev-
olutionary soldiers, for one-half of what those sol-
diers are enMltd to! Do you suppose the contents
of these volumes are secrets to this class of peo-
ple? If you do, be assured, sir, you labor under
an egregious error. There is some potent spell by
which they ascertain the information, which to you,
and to me, and to those entitled to bounties, is un-
known. The watch-word of the initiated in daysof
old was 1,1 open sesame,3 5 but the word is changed ;-yet
depend upon it there is some potoer which unseals
these archives to men whose curiosity is prompted
by their acquisitiveness. I have no idea that these
volumes contain one word of information not al-
ready in the possession of certain agents out of
doors, who value it as equal to so mack cask. Sir,
the evidence does not warrant any distinct charge
| of corruption against any §iven individual; but
I there is a wrong done, doing, and yet to be done
' in this matter, which demands that this informa-
tion shall be spread abroad among tbe people.
No head of a bureau can prevent the leakage of
this valuable knowledge. A clerk retiring from
office, for instance, carries with him knowledge
acquired while in office, of rejected claims, but
also means of rectifying; the detects, and fee be-
comes a speculator. A clerk may learn, in office,
the names of pensioners of whose r«ent Govern-
ment has the conclusive evidence. Abstracts of
these, innocent1# made out, become the bases o
future speculation. 1 have no doubt gentlemen,
whose experience is lareer than mine, have seen
such cases. Why talk, then, of speculators? bir
a-nd this light abroad among; the peot.le. It
will carry heahns on its rays to a thousand hum-
ble homes, ami brine you hark sraieful benedic-
tions from a thousand hearts, fainting now in the
eveninc of lire, because they know nothing ot
your sympathy or their country's care.
" What is within these volumes- As 1 under-
stand it, only the names of persons whose ngh
to a pension under laws heretofore passed this
Governmi nt is already co?r.iz.wl  •, am
amounts to which they ate respectively enMW-
A list of meritorious public crwi.tors and of the
sums due to each: no mrnre. Why
from the public eye? Ttou fear that specula nrs
will fleece them ! Oh ! hnw neliieous • lld|
ment, how oveifl iwinsr with sympathy . '
we adopt the means necessary to
whom we are indebted ? None. It one applies
