1850.
the right of way and a donation of land to the
X erre Haute and Alton Railroad Company in aid
of the construction of their railroad; which was
re:jfjred 'o <h* Committee on Public Lands.
p Mr. DAWSON presented a memorial from
citizens of Forsyth and other counties of Georgia
descendants of Cherokeea, remonstrating against
any legislative provisions by which the per capita
, allowance under the treaty may be set apart to pay
their national debt; which was referred to the
Committee on fndian Affairs.
Mr. H ALE presented a petition of Sylvester ,
"?' and fifty-eight other citizens ofSusquehan-
nah county, Pennsylvania, asking; for the repeal
oral] laws enacted or adopted by Congress for the
support of slavery in the District of Columbia, and
if not granted that the seat of Government may be
removed.
Also, from Edward J. Collins and seventy-four
others, citizens of New Haven county, Connecti-
cut; also, from William Jefts and ninety-eight
others, of Middlesex county, Massachusetts; also,
from Daniel Ballard and forty-five others,of Frank-
lin county, in the same State; also, from Daniel
Chaffee and sixty others, of Hamden county in
the same State; also, from A. J. Possard and
twelve others, of Hillsboro' county, New Hamp-
shire; also, from Israel Dill and thirty-two others,
• of Knox county, Ohio; also, from George Ri by
ami aixly-one others, from Cumberland county,
Maine; also, from Thomas Dutton and thirty-three
others, from Adams county, Illinois; also, from
Luther Humphey and thirty-five others, of Cass
county, Michigan; also, from Edward Palmer and
fifty others, from Morris county, New Jersey; and
'"r°m ®eor=e Disney and sixteen others,
of Knox county, Ohio; all asking the same; all of
which were ordered to he on the'table.
Mr. SOULE presented a memorial of the corpo-
rate authorities of Shrevesport, Louisiana, and of
citizens of the same place, asking the establishment
of a marine hospital m that vicinity; which was*
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
the congr essional globe.
a bill for the relief of Almanzer Houston; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of
(Jaime, to which was referred the petition of Asa
Andrews, asking the payment of an amount found
due him from the United States by a jury, submit-
ted an adverse report on the same; which was or-
dered to be printed.
RESOLUTION.
imf
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON",
Ordered, That the petilionof Parkinson Hncker, on the
fifes of the Senate, be rclerr- d to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. PRATT,
Ordered, That the heir* of John Ireland have leave to
withdraw llmr petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRADBURY, I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which was re-
ferred the bill authorizing the payment of interest
upon the advances made by the State of Maine for
the use of the United States Govei nment, in the
protection o^ the northeastern frontier, to report
back the same without amendment, and recom-
mend Hs passage.
Mr. President, 1 desire to say that this bill rests
on a principle which Congress has repeatedly re-
cognized. When a State has been comnelled to
pay interest on moneys expended for the'use and
benefit of the United States, or m expenses which I
the federal Government has reimbursed under its I
constitutional obligations to afford protection '
a.'a'nst invasion, Congress has uniformly provided
Tor the repayment of the interest. Claims of this
character have been allowed to several States—to
Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New York, Penn-
sylvania, South Carolina, and Alabama; and in
the act of August 5, 1700, provision is made for
such payment to the thirteen original States. The
claim in this case rests a/so on theitreatyof Wash-
ington.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to allow the payment
of interest to the State of Georgia for advances
made tor the use of the United States in the sup-
pression of the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee
Indians, in the years 1836,1837,and 1638, reported
back the same without amendment, and recom-
mended its passage.
Mr. B. remarked that the hill was the same in
prmcjple as that just reported by the honorable
hen a tor frnrn_ Maine, [Mr. Bradbury.]
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Omoe and Post Roads, to which was referred the
petition of Almanzer Houston, asking compensa-
l c,arry'n£ *he mail, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by JVfr. Jones, was taken up and adopted:
Resolved^ Thai the Secretary of the Interior furnish, or
emise to be furnished for the use ol the Senate, copies of
the papers of the late Alexander Zanders, a Cherokee fn-
fti tn, who was wounded in the Creek war, and. in conse-
quence thereof, claimed to he entitled to a pension unri-r
the Cherokee treaty of 1835; also, a copy of the deeiMon
of the Commissioner of Pensions disallowing the pension.
PATENT LAWS.
The hour of half past twelve having arrived, the
PRESIDING OFFICER stated the special order
to be the consideration of the bill to promote the
progress of the useful arts. j
The bill hcinsr under consideration as in Com- !
mittee of the Whole— j
Mr. TURNEY said: This bill is very short, !
and I think will need little explanation, as 1 hope
every Senator has examined it, and is prepartd to
act rather than to talk about it. I desire to suggest
one amendment in the tenth line of sixth section ;
which is, to strike out the word " and" in that!
line. I
The motion was agreed to. (
Mr. TURNEY. I move to strike out the word !
" any," in the nineteenth line, and insert the word >
(< a."
The motion w*s agreed to. ;
Mr. TURNEY. I now move to strike nut the !
whole of the eight section, and insert the follow- :
ing:
"That in all applications to Congress or tn the Parent
Office for an extension of any patent, or an addition to ir.or
reissue of the same, the applicant *4) il give m.tice of such
intended application fur thtee w^cks. in"three daih pap^r-*
printed and published in the eiij of Washington; the first
publication of which «hall he made at least sixu da>  before
such application for an extension, addition, or reiUue ; find
anv patent, extension, addition, or reissue obtained in con
travention of tins section shall be null and void."
Mr. BADGER. I would like to hear the sec-
tion read in connection with the amendment.
Mr. TURNEY. The only difference between
the section in the bill and the amendment is this:
the section in the bill requires that, when any ap-
plication is made to Congress, this notice shall be
giver,; the amendment requires that the application
shall be made to the Patent Office as well as to
Congress. That is the only alteration.
Mr. BADGER. I am satisfied with it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have no doubt
that this will be a proper rule if it can be enforced
equitably. I doubt, however, the propriety of ap-
plying the same rule to the application for a patent
as for a reissue. In the reissue of the patent there
are involved many modifications and specifications
of the original patentf and it is restricted to so modi-
fying and specifying as to cover nothing not con-
tained in the original diaught or discovety. This ;
further modifies the rules of the Patent Office so as •
to require that it shall be done within two years, ,
the same time that it is permitted an individual to 1
use a machine before he takes out a patent. The /
reissue,under the rulesofthe Patent Office,*! think, j
with great deference to the chairman of the com-1
mittee, who can make any correction he pleases,
stands upon the same footing as the original grant .
of the patent; and I do not see why a public notice :
of an application for a reissue or modification '
should be given in the manner specified in the !
amendment.
Mr, TURNEY. This I regard as a very im-
portant amendment, with respect to extending the
patent laws. The party, for instance, obtains a !
patent, and subsequently an improvement is made :
to the invention-often by the original inventor him- i]
self, or the patentee, and frequently by others. 1
When this important improvement is discovered,
although it may be made by others than the origin-
al inventor, the original inventor applies for a re-
issue of the patent, so as to embrace the improve-
ment, claiming it as his own; whereas, in truth and
in fact, he is not entitled to it. Patents are origin-
ally issued without giving notice to the public,
ancl if the reissue should be be made without
giving notice to the public, it will be as it has
jbeen herelofpre Frauds of this descriptor,
be practiced upon the community, by the
patentee being enabled to apply for and obtain
a reissue of a patent, including certain improve-
ments not embraced in the original schedule-
whereas, if he was required to give this public
notice, individuals, who are in point of fact the
authors of this improvement, will come forward
and contest it and defend their right to it. h is to
prevent many lawsuits, and to preserve to those
, who use the improvement the right to do so, which
is the object of this amendment. If adopted it will
i Pr nVlm f "' a"d save ligation, I thirik ;and ft
r," W1l' be for lhe Mintage of the patentee himself
• and most assuredly for the advantage of those in-
; terested against, I he patent. That provision is i„.
i; tended mainly to guard the interests of those ad-
I verse to the patent.
:! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I believe that the
| chairman of the Committee on Patents ami myself
'I f>re aiming'at the same end. The only difference
;i between us is that we take different means to arrive
I' 'M not 'bisamendment will operate
T k l ,"enef't of patentee. The paiemee
j; though he may he a good inventor, is not unfre-
quently a very bad lawyer,atld thus maydrawup
;; his specifications very defectively, so that he may
j. have omitted some part of the invention. In such
j! a, ca*e s"me sharper person, seeing this, comes to
t the t atent Office and obtains a patent for an im-
I provement of the original invention, and in this
I way secures to himself the benefit of that which
the law intended should go to the original inventor
and patentee. If he comes in for the benefit of an
additional discovery, then arises the case of the
Senator from Tennessee. 11 n that case he would be
subject to the stringent rules to which the original
. application was subjected. If the inventor comes to
; ask for any addition to that for which he originally
■ received a patent, and any one else should "in the
.. mean time have discovered it, he would be debarred
. from obtaining; his patent.
Mr. BADGER. I think the Senatorfrom Mis-
. sissippi will see,on a moment's reflection, that thero
, is a propiiety in the amendment suggested by the
; chairman of the. Committee on Patents. It is true,
a she states, that although a man may be a good
( inventor, he may be a bad lawyer, and may draw
^ up his specifications m such a clumsy manner as
' not to include that to which he had a right. But
,, then, on the other hand, it may happen thatan in-
; ventor, under pretence of amending his original
: specification, may afterwards obtain an addition
to his patent for something which was not in the
original idea, and for which he was not, therefore,
entitled to a patent. I think, (herefore, that no-
tice ought to be given, in order to have the right
contented.
iVlr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
I would ask that the section of the present patent
i law which relates to that subject be read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Jt is the 13th section,
i and I am about to read it. I should be very glad,
, sir, if the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Tcrney]
!, would consent to a division of the question, so as
i to have it taken in the first place upon striking out
: the section to which he proposes to offer a substi-
■■ tute. I shall go with him for striking out the
clause; but, after it is stricken out, I will not go
i1 with him to put in what he offers; but instead of
fj that, I shall propose to put in a clause repealing
the 13:h section of the act of 1836, which lies at
, the foundation of all the difficulty. Now, sir, I
! wish to read that section, and to show what, if my
information is correct, has been the practice under
it, leading to the most abominable frauds, and
laying the foundation of a great deal of litigatton,
some of which is now going on in my own section
of the country, and about which I have received
i letters. The section reads thus:
u $kc. 33. *1tid be it further enacteK That whenever anv
patent which {kij< hertjioforii been or which slmlt
: herentVr be granted, shall he inoperative or invalid, hy ri>«-
! son ot a defective or <h'Nerjp m« orsj* eifwanon.
or by reason ol the patentee claiming; iu his fcjreifieatmn. as
his own invention, more than ho had or shall have a right
to claim as new, if the error ha« or shall have arisen by in-
advertency , accident, or mistake, and without anv fraudu-
lent or deceptive intention, it shall be lawrultbr the Com-
missioner. upon the surrender to hmi of-ncli patent. ai>d ifte
payment of tne finthu fluty of n dollars, tocausea new
pate ji to be issued to the •-aid tnvenior tor ih? same inven-
tion, for the residue ot the period then unexpired ibr which
the original patent wa« granted, m accordance with the
patentee's correeted description and specification. And in
case of his or any assignment byrnra matfe of the
original patent, a similar right shall vest in hi* ex^entorg,
