1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20.
Andrew Johnson, Robert VV. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kauf-
man, Pre^fon Kmc, La frere, Letfler, Liuleheld, Marshall,
M.t^on, McDonald, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Mc-
Mullen, Mc Q,ui'en, Mc Wiilie, Meade, Miller, \:iHson, Mor-
ris, Newt II, Olds, Orr,Ovven, Parker, Pea-lee, Peck, Phelps,
Potter, Itn-hardson, Robbins, Itobiii<on, Sawtelle, Seddon,
Rienard II, Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Svveetser,
Tnomas, Jacob Thompson, William Thompson, Toombs,
Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wentworth,
"Wlmtleifcy, Wildrick, Williams, Wood, and Woodward
—9-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Bennett,
Br^ek, Brings, Burrows, Chester Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Campbt 11, Casey, Chandler,Clarke, Conger, Conrad,
Corwin, Crowell. Debetry, Dtck«y, Disney,Duncan, Nathan
Bvans, Fowler, Gorman, Gott, Gauld, Grinnell, Halloway,
Ilanmton, Ilaymond, He.baid, Henry, Howe, Hunter, Wil-
Iram T, Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King,
George G. King, John A. King, Uotaee Mann, Matteson,
.MoGaugiiey, MeK:ssoek, Meaeham, Moiton, Ogle, Otis,
Phcemx, Pitman, Putnam, Rted, Reynolds, JRMey, Root,
Sackett, feehenck, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spal-
ding, Spragne, Stanlv, Thaiideu- Steven*, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, White, Wilson and
Wiuthrop—72.
So two-thirds riot voting in the affirmative the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
\ NAVIGATION OP THE OHIO RIVER.
TTVlr. VINTON desired to present the memorial
of Charle3 Ellet, jr., n gentleman who is favorably
and extensively known as a civil engineer, and
the constructor of the wire suspension bridges
over the Niagara and Ohio Rivets. He begged
the indulgence of the House, in presenting this
memorial, to make a brief statement of its contents
and of the object it proposes to accomplish. The
memorial and essay which accompanies it on the
physical geography of the Mis&issippi Valley,
show that for a number of years past a seues of
observations have been made by Mr. Ellet and
others, on the physical habits and character of the
Ohio River, with the view to ascertain in what
way it may be rendered permanently navigable
forsteamve<sselsofordinarydraughiofwa'er. The
resultof these observations isgiven in these papers,
from which Mr. Ellet deduces the practicability of
rendeung the Ohio, and alt the other great rivers of
the country, permanently navigable, by an expend-
iture siu pnsingly small compared to the import-
ance of the end, arid entirely within the ability of
eithei the General or State Governments. If
the results which Mr. Ellet anticipates can be
reahzed at anything like the cost estimated by
him, it will work almost as gteat a revolution m
the internal trade of the country as has been
etTecied by the agency of steam. The memorial,
to say the least of it, is a very imposing paper, and
entitled to the serious consideration of the House
and country.
Mr. BURT rose to a question of order.
The SPEAKER intimated to Mr. Vinton that
he could only proceed in his remarks by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. VINTON. Is not this petition day ?
The SPEAKER. This is petition day, but
that order of business has not yet been called; nor
is the Stale of Ohio first in otder when the Slates
ate called for petitions.
Mr. VINTON moved that the rules of the
Hou&e be suspended to enable him to present the
petition.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desiied to
make an inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vinton.] Did the gentleman desire to
make a specch, or was his object merely to pre-
sent the memni tai ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] was intenuptod in his remarks,
and can only proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. VINTON said, that his object was to give
a brief statement of the contents of the memonal,
ar-d to ask its reference to the Committee of
Clciims.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended?"
was then taken and decided in the nagutive—ayes
86, noes 55.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the petition was
not received.
Air. VINTON called fbr the regular order of
the day.
Mr. HALL moved that the r#les of the House
be suspended, to enable him to offer the following
resolution, which was read for infoimation:
tiesoU-ed, That the - enate bili No.90, entitled " An act au-
thorizing tlit iitgoUaUou ot'treaties with the Indian tubes
in the Territory of Oregon, for the extinguishment of their
claims to lands hin<* w-jstof the Cascade mountains, and
for other puipose>," be made the special ordersofthe day tor
Tuesday, the 21st instant.
The resolution having been read, the question
was taken and decidcd in the negative—two-thh"da
not voting therefor.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso*
lution was not received.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. BURT said, he desired the peimission of
the House to report back from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom it had been referred on
a former day, the bill ftom the Senate providing
for the protection ot the frontiers, This was the
same bill (Mr. B. said) of which the House had
heard something on a former day.
Mr. VINTON objected.
Mr. BURT moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, to enable him to report the bill.
The question was taken, and the Speaker said,
" the noes evidently have it.''
Mr. BURT said, that it might be seen that he
had done his duty—he would ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRESTON KING desired to be informed
by the Speaker, whether the repoit could not be
piesented m the legular call of the committees?
The SPEAKER &aid, that whenever the com-
mittees were called for reports, and the call should
reach the Committee on Military Affairs, the re-
port would of coutse be in order.
Mr. P. KING. That is to say, in the morning
hour of every day except Monday?
Mr. VINTON suggested a similar inquiry.
The SPEAKER explained.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended r"
were then taken and decided in the negative—yeas
99, nays CO; as follows: j
YEAS— Vie^r.-. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Baker, Bay, ,
Bayly, Bi^-Hl, Bowdon, Bowie, J^owhn, Albeit G. :
Biovvn, VV. J. lit own, lUurow-, Bint, Chester Butler, T. B.
Butler, Joseph Cable, Geoige A. Caldwell, Calvin, i aruer,
C.u e\, Claik , Uhngman, Corwin, Dnmmck, Disney,
Featiiervton, Fouhr, Fullei, Gentry, Gilmore, Gorman,
Gou!d. Gi  ;en, Grinnell. Hammond, Haialson, ttarlan, T. L.
Harn.-, llawnoiul, Hu baid, Hiihard, Ho!l:ula\, Houston,
Ifoward, Howe, lnye, Jos. W. Jackson, Win. T. Jaek>on,
J. L JohnMm, R. W. Johnson, Kaulman, Kerr, J. A. King,
La Seie, Leffl.-r, Maixii.dl, M.ison, Robert M. MeLane,
McMullen, McQueen. McWiIhe, Me.ide,Miller, Morehead,
Morton, O^le, Old-, Otw, Parker, Pea?lee, Peck, Phelps,
Pitman, Pottei, Richardson, Bobbins, Saikett, Seddon,
ShepjHjid, chlve ter, S, aiding, !6pia ue, Suinh, Fiedeiick
P. St.uiton, A. II Stephcne, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, John
B TiMwipM>n, Win. Thompson, Toombs. Underbill, Wal-
lace, Watkin^ VVliittle.se>, Wil-on, and Wood—i.9.
NAYc?—Mes^is. AibertMm, Aveiett, Beale, Bennett, Bo-
cook, Buoth, B'>vd, J. P. Oalduell, Chandler, Williamson
R. VV. Cobb, Coicock, Cole, Conner, Com ad, Crowell,
Dmiel, D.jiieiry. Dun. an,Dunham. Duikeo.Nathan Evans,
Gerrv, Gott, Hamilton, Hampton, Xahain G. lt.ti ns, Ilebaid,
Hi-nn, Huntei, Andrew Johnson, Jones.. Julian, Daniel
P Km«. Pie-ton Kiuu, Littleheld, Horace Mann, Matteson,
MeICi?fOck, Morris,Newell, Outlaw, Putnam, Reed, Risley,
Root, 6a-a'ie, Sebenck, Sehoolciatt, Richard H. Stanton,
Stet?on, Stion<i, Sweeper, Thomas, Vinton, Waldo, Went-
woiih, White, Wildnck, William^, and Woodward—6D.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the report was not
received.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. MEADE asked leave to make a report from
the joint committee of conference on the disa-
greeing amendments of the two Houses to the
census bill.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
Mr. TOOMBS rose to a privileged question, and
I moved to reconsider the vote by which the House
had appointed the fourth Tuesday in June for the
i consideration of the report of the select commit-
1 tee on the Galphin claim. He did not wish to
! interrupt the action of the House upon the census
bill; he was willing that the motion to leconsider
be entered upon the Journal, and called up when
J it suited the convenience of the House. When
!; it came up, he desired, for particular reasons, to
! submit some remarks. He was prepared to pro-
| ceed now, if it was the pleasure of the House.
(i The SPEAKER. The motion to fix a certain
j: day for the special order, if debatable at all, is de-
1 batable only within very narrow limits.
:: Mr. TOOMBS. Is not the motion to print de-
batable ?
|! The SPEAKER. It was upon the motion to
| print that the debate proceeded on Friday.
| i Mr. TOOMBS. I move also to lecousider the
■\ vote by which the punting was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia will be entered upon the Jour-
nal, subject to be called up at any time. The
House may not be aware of the character of the
report which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Meade] proposes to make. It is the report of
the joint committee of conference upon the cen-
sus bill, and it is desirable that it should be acted
on immediately.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection that that
report he first considered.
Mr. PRESTON KING was understood to call
|| for the consideration now of the motion to recon-
sider, if the gentleman from Georgia made that
motion.
Tho question, therefore, being first on the mo-
tion of Mr. Toombs to reconsider the vote by
which the House had appointed as a special order
for the fourth Tuesday in June, and order printed
the report, of the select committee on the Galphin
claim—
Mr. TOOMBS said, that he did not intend at
this time to argue the principles of law involved in
the questions submitted to the committee; that he
thought it due to the House and the country that
the reports and the evidence taken hy the commit-
tee should be printed before that argument was
had; then he should be prepared to maintain that
j! the claim was just, and ought to have been paid
• j by the United States, and that the inteiest was
ji legally and properly allowed. His present pur-
pose was chiefly to reply to the remarks of the
member from New York, [Mr Brooks,] and es-
pecially to that portion of his remarks which
sought to reflect upon the Secretary of War. After
thatgentleman had addressed the House on Friday,
he gave notice to him personally and to the House,
that he should avail himself of the earliest oppor-
tunity of replying to him; and Mr. T- regietted,
after this notice, to see a statement in the Intel-
iueiKer this morning from him, correcting a report
of his remarks in the Union, and announcing that
he, having accomplished his objects, would not re-
port his speech. I did not hear the whole of the
member's speech, and I therefore prepared to have
an authoritative veision of it befoie 1 replied to it;
as it seems we are not to have that, I shall pro-
ceed with a brief history of the case, and such
comments as I propose to make upon his card of
this morning. The elaborate investigation which
that gentleman professes to have given the case
has elicited no new fact, it has not shaken the
solid foundations of equity and justice upon
which the claim rests. He has discovered some
imputations m a mass of papers which he has ex-
amined, upon the patriotism and fidelity to his
country in the war of the Revolution of George
Galphin, who sunk in his grave in the midst of
that struggle. And although headmits that the evi-
dence satisfies even himself that the imputation
was false and unfounded, and that Galphin was a
true whig and a patriot, yet he was unwilling to
forego the supposed benefit which such an imp t-
tatton, however false, would give to his position.
His malignity, like the feiocity of the hyena,
feeds upon the dead as well as the living, and in-
vades the sanctity of the giave of a revolutionary
patriot, to gather up aspersions which he admits to
be unfounded, in order to assail the reputation of
the living. If he has given the investigation to the
subject which he professes to have done, he found
that no humble man's fidelity to his country in that
struggle, was better vouched for than that of
Geoige Galphin. Among the papers he would
have found testimony of George Walton, one of
the signers of the Declaration of Independence;
of Judge Stephens, who was attorney of the Slate
during the Revolution, and who was subsequently
made district judge of the State of Georgia, (I be-
lieve, by General Washington;) of Mr. Habber-
fcham, the Postmaster General of General Wash-
ington; of the American General Howe; beside
numerous other patriotic men of those times. He
would also have found the name of George Gal-
phin in a bill of attainder passed by the Royal
Colonial Legislature, at Savannah, while the Brit-
ish were in possession of that city. Hit? patriot-
ism and fidelity to his country are amply estab-
lished, both by the testimony of his comrades in
the struggle, and by the recoided vengeance of the
public enemy.
The integrity and justice of the claim is as unas-
sailable as the putiiouwm of the claimant. None of
the reports or arguments submitted; none of the
