THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
313t Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 23, 1850.
New Series.....No. 65.
evidence produced, attempt to controvert the facts,
that the debt of nine thousand seven hundred and
ninety-one pounds, fifteen shillings, and live pence,
was justly due to George Galphin, under the treaty
of 1773, and that it had never been paid before the
passage of the act of 1848, or that thejdebt had an
express lien, created by that treaty, upon between
two and three millions of acres of land lying in
the State of Georgia. The whole eonftoversy has
been, from the Revolution to this day, who should
pay it. The lands which Great Britian by that
treaty agreed to sell, and pay this debt and others,
were wrenched from her hands by the fortunes of
war. Georgia succeeded to the rights of Britian
over the lands, and to no greater or other rights than
Britain. She therefore took the lands cum onere
subject to the trust. Such ie the universal rule,
the law of nations in civilized warfare. By her
act of 1780, Georgia admitted this principle, and
agreed to pay all, just claims upon the land, u-ith
interest thereon. George Galphin died in 1780,
and the claim was not presented to her Legislature
until 1789. It was continually pressed upon her
until 1840. She never paid it. The British Gov-
ernment promptly paid principal and intereston all
this class of debts, which belonged to loyalists.
She lost the fund, but, true to the principle that no
subject shall lose by his loyality and devotion to
her, she paid the debts of those who were true to
her, and very properly refused to pay Galphin,
upon the ground that he was against her in the
revolutionary struggle, and turned him over to his
own Government, into whose hands the fortunes
of war had thrown the trust fund. Before the agent
cfthe heirs of Galphin had returned from Europe,
the assumption act of 1790 had passed. The Gen-
eral Government had assumed to pay whatever the
several States had expended "for the general or
particular defence'1 during the war, <£ according to
the principles of general equity, (although such
claims may not be sanctioned by the resolves of
Congress, or supported by regular vouchers.) This
act gave, and justly gave, great offence to the State
of Georgia. The basis of it was such as to operate
with particular and unequal hardship upon Geor-
gia and Vermont. (Here Mr T. eave a minute
account oj" the basis and operation of the assump-
tion acts, passed from 1790 to 1793.) Georgia
continued to omit to provide for this debt under
her act of 1780, upon the ground, that she had
never received into her treasury a single cent from
the sale of the land, but it had been disposed of in
grants and bounties, to secure the "general or par-
ticular defence" of the country; and after the lapse
of many years it is undoubtedly true, that the ar-
gument which the member from New York now
urges. was not without its weight, that is, that
it was " an antique." The antiquity of a claim,
though it may be surrounded with difficulties and
demand a higher caution in its examination, has
never been considered conclusive against all claims.
You have now a standing committee upon Revo-
lutionary Claims and their reports will show that
they are not without business; and the Journals of
every Congress which ever sat, even to this day,
will show that you do not consider Revolution-
ary Claim3 out of the pale of legislation. The
same Congress which passed this claim or the
one immediately preceding it, appropriated^ five
millions of dollars to the payment of spolia-
tions upon our commerce by the French before the
year 1800. Mr. Polk vetoed it, and it is highly
probable that he recehed the censure of the New
York member for that act. Congress, for more
than fifty years, had denied the obligation of this
Government to pay this debt; yet after that pro-
tracted and uniform denial, the Congress referred
to, by a large majority, agreed to pay them. It is
now before Congress, and we shall see how many
votes thttse claims will lose by their antiquity and
the protracted refusal of Congress to recognize its
obligation to pay them. Thai the claim of Gal- j
phin was "an antique" is most true, ami the i
greater the shame to those who oughj to have j
paid it. k did make "continual claims" to the ;
Georgia Legislature for above half a century with- ;
out success; it sought for relief at the foot of the j
65
British lhmner ai«f was there rejected, not upon
its own mep&fbat because it was tainted with re-
Anally came here and was paid, and I
db^hftnot but that we should have heard nothing
more of it, but for the supposition that it might
be used to injure a party or blow up a Cabinet. It
is due to candor to say that, in my judgment,
the latter was the main object, and that it did not
originate with the Democratic party. In this con-
nection I desire to say, that I do not pretend to
stand here as the defender of the Administration.
1 have no claims to that position. I differ from the
Government upon the great question of the day. 1
shall stand upon my own position, whatever may
be its fate or my own. But I stand in defence of
the right to repel aspersions from whatever quar-
ter they may come, upon an honest and honorable
man, whom I haveknown from my boyhood, and
whom I know to be " without fear and without
reproach." Besides, as a member of the Legisla-
ture of my native State and as her representative
here, 1 have given a uniform, earnest, and finally a
successful support to this claim. And I assume
fully whatever resoonsibility attaches to that posi-
tion. None of the reasons which were assignee!
by the members of the Legislature of Georgia were
satisfactory to my mind. 1 believed that Georgia '
ought injustice and good faith to have paid the debt i
and interest, and that she had an undoubted right,
After Mr. Crawford came into the Administra-
tion, his principal demanded that the proper offi-
cer should decide upon his case. It was his right,
Mr. Crawford informed the President of h*3 con-
nection with the claim, and the President >s&w.no
impropriety in his position. The gentleman from
New York, on this branch of the case, the better
to conceal his purposes and accomplish his ob-
jects, broke into a high-wrought eulogy upon the
President, doubtless more just than sincere, al-
leging that the President would have never coun-
tenanced such a proceeding had he not supposed
that the claim was pending before Congress and
not before one of the Departments of Govern-
ment. Unfortunately for the gentleman, the read-
ingof the report of the committee immediately fol-
lowed his speech. It contained one piete of evidence
not to be found in the seventy-five volumes which
he hnd read; hence it is, perhaps, that his speech
has not been published. The President chose to
be his own expositor upon the supposed state of
facts to which the gentleman from New York re-
ferred. He vindicated his own claim to the eulogy
by repudiating the apology or defence thus- set up
for him. , <
Mr. Crawford, adopting the very just idea that
his principal had the, right to have the decision of
the Secretary of the Treasury upon his case, even
though his attorney filled another important office
upon the uniform principles of action of this Gov- \\ under the Government, employed an agent to pre-
eminent, to be reimbursed by it for the payment.
1 acted and voted in conformity with this opinion •
there and here, and I contributed, to the best of,
my ability, to pass the bill through this House. ,
The bill for the payment of this claim, was re- I
ported to the Senate by the Judiciary Committee
of that body, accompanied by a report, which
showed they had thoroughly examined into the ;
subject. It came to this House, and was referred \
to the Judiciary Committee, over which a justly !
eminent gentleman, now no longer a member of this j
House, (<Mr Joseph R. Ingersoll,) presided. I
know it received his examination and that of his j
committee, from the fact that he called upon me per- .
sonally for information connected with the claim, j
It was reported by him to this House, and was :
sent the claim, and, from motives of the most ob-
vious delicacy, refrained from communicating to
his colleagues any knowledge of his own contin-
gent interest in the claim. And both the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Attorney General decided
upon the claim without the least knowledge ofsuch
interest. And this is the pretended foundation of
his censures of the Secretary of War. When the
instigators and originators of this plot against the
reputation of the Secretary of War commenced
their operations, they alleged that he had used his
official position to control his colleagues* decisions
for his own benefit. It was so reiterated through
the press by their machinations. The charge was
grave, if true. The investigation proves it to be
false. It becomes necessary to change the line of
unanimously passed, and wassigned by President . attack, and the gentleman from New York affects
K . . I . I * | 1 1 t _ _!.__! (-*. a . In i k*l 1 A Vt A t I'l A f If) tt
Polk-, I say unanimously passed, because, under n
the then order of the House, a single objection]'
would hav« prevented the bill from being; reported j
from the Committee of the Whole to the House. I
I used my own influence to prevent captious objec- i
tions in committee, and discharged what 1 consid- 1
ered my duty to justice and right, and to some of|
my constituents who had an interest in it, in en- J|
deavoring by all proper means to secure the passage j ] the Attorney General Imrt si ven him, by lepl
_ . ■ r\ /• i j /• ,i c,vpr a hundred tnou-'Hod dollars for snd toe opcre-
of the bill. Four of the gentlemen of the commit- || ^ o(.)h|j Tieasurv (^approved u,lkey would have known
tee were membersof thatHouse; ltis n trair lo in- ;j wf:;)E tl)ey were aiioiu; llie.v would have plnuged into tlie
to be deeply wounded, both in his patriotic and
party sensibilities, at the monstrous outrage that
the Secretary aid not so use it. He says:
" The Secretary of War should not have kept frnm, nor
have allowed to be kept from in* associate Secretaries, the
paramount imeie>t he haft in thw enormous and antique
claim. It wa^ a fact that he should have uttered in their
ear? m tours of thunder. He should have blazoned it upon
h s forehead, and let all mankind read it there. If' then
have followed it up, Mep by &tep. till this day, they would
I have known the tremendous and dangerous personal respon-
I sibihty tfoev were assuming, and have felt how they were
' jeoparding'the peace and prosperity of our common Whig
bills to be specially under the supervision of the
members from the locality interested. I as in that
condition and was fully cognizant of ail the facts.
Mr. Crawford had become the attorney for the
claimants in 1833, with a contingent fee of half the j: par •' _ , ,
claim. He gave it his personal and professional ,, That the gentleman from New York should be
attention from that time until the passage of the jj morally incapable of appreciating that nice ana
bill. He then came here and sought earnestly for j; delicatesense ofhonor and propriety, which sought
an adjudication of the caso under the late Ad- j! not only to do right, to avoid even the appearance
ministration—so earnestly that Mr. Walker in- "    w,n
ferred that he might he connected with the then
incoming Administration. Mr. Walker paid the
principal; and notwithstanding1 these earnest soli-
citations of Mr. Crawford and his friends, his pub-
lic engagements were so pressing that he could
not examine the question of interest, and there-
fore left it unsettled. If Mr. Crawford had been
capable of the motives now sought to be ascribed to
him—jf he had even desired that his position should
sway the even scales of justice, he would rather j
have desired delay until the new Government :
came in, than to have urged a settlement from the
out-going Secretary of the Treasury. But, rely-
ing sole!v upon the law and the strength of the
case; he urged a settlement from those trom whom
neither he nor his principal had_ any reason to ex-
pect aught but Morn, rigid justice.
of wrong, will not surprise any one who witt read
j his reasons for his strictures upon this part of the
Secretary's conduct. His reasons for requiring
I the Secretary to make the disclosure, betrays an
; unconsciousness or insensibility to the simplest
' principles of moral action. He demands the dis-
closure. thatMessrs. Meredith and Johnson migJit
not make a decision which might jeopard "the
peace and prosperity of our common W hig party.,J
He not only assumes thai the knowledge of the
parties interested would have controlled the decis-
ion of the two Secretaries, but that the base aban-
donment of duty would have been for party
purposes. This is the morality of this censor 0/
honest men's conduct—a morality below that of
the "Five Points;" a self-confessed montf'aMt
political depravity which needs no argument, no
passport to the condemnation of the pufc* a m0~
