102S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Kane county, in the State of Illinois, praying for the right of
trial by jury to persons claimed as fugitive >laves.
Also, the petition of citizens of Kane county, in the State
of Illinois, praying for the prohibition of slavery tfnd the
slave trade in all the territories ot the United States.
Also, the petition of citiaens of Kane county, in the State
of Illinois, remonstrating against the admission of more slave
States into the Union.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Thomas NicKlin and 28
others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to repeal all laws adopted or enacted by Congre «,
by which slavery or the slave trade is sanctioned in the city
of Washington, or the District of Columbia, and that in the
event of their non-repeal, the seat of the National Govern-
ment may be removed to soin° more suitable location.
Also, the petition, of William Fowlt>r and 28 others, citi-
zens of the same place, praying Congress to provide by law,
that whenever a person shall be arrested as> a fugitive slave
in any Slate, other than that m which he alleged to he
held to service, he shall not be dthvcr< d to the claimant or
hirf agent, excepi on the finding ol a jury tuat he is the slave
of the claimant.
Also, the petition of Lewis Egbert and 28 others, citizen*
of the same place, pra>in«r Consrress to admit hereafter no
State into the Union, unlt ss the constitution of such State
shall expressly prohibit the existence of slavery within its
limits.
Also, the petition of Thomas flhilow and 28 others, citi-
zens ot the same place, praying Congress to prohibit -daveiy
and the 'slave trade, expressly, m all the territories of the
United States.
Also, the'petition of Ephraim Armitage and 43 others,
citizens of Clarion county, Penns\Ivaina, piaying Con 1
gress to reform ihe tariff of 184'J, and nicreasethedut.es
U v>n articles of foreign imporranon.
Also, the petition ol John M.igce and 44 others, citizens
of the f-ame county, and asking lor the same thing.
Bv Mr. DOOTII: The petition of G 'Orge Read and 78
other*, gentlemen and ladies in the State of Connecticut,
praying Congress to authonze and direct the Secretary of
the Navy to send a national >hip t<> Frankfort-'on-the-Maine,
in Germany, and tran*po,t in said ship such delegates as
may go from this country to attend a Peace Congress to be
held in said city of Franktort m August next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 20, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT of the United Slates
resumed the chair this morning, after a temporary
absence.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the proceedings
of a meefing of the citizens of Albany, in the
State of New York, m favor of abolishing corpo-
ral punishment in the navy of the United States,
and to dispense with the spirit ration in the same;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affurs. ,
Also, the memorial of Francis Pettit Smith,
asking the renewal of his patent for an improve-
ment in the method of propelling steam and other
vessels; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Wiaeasset, in the State of Maine, asking
the adoption of measures for the ad justment of
international controversies by arbitration; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. UPHAM presented a petition of citizens of
Montpelier, Vermont, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, two petitions fiom citizens of the same
State, asking that slavery and the slave trade may
be abolished in the District of Columbia, or the
seat of Government removed therefrom.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that the ri«ht of trial by jury may be al-
lowed by law to fugitive slaves.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same, ask-
ing that .slavery may be prohibited by law in ail
the territories of the United States.
All of whifh were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of Richard*
Benson, Robert Waller, and others, citizens of
Iowa, asking that patents may be issued for cer-
tain lands entered by them at the Land Office at
Dubuque, in said Stdte, under military land war-
rants; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, asking that no State may here-
after be admitted into the Union whose constitu-
tion does not expressly prohibit slavery .within
its limits; that slavery and the slave trade may be
prohibited by law in the territories of the United
States; and that slavery may be abolished in the
District of Columbia, and wherever Congress has
the constitutional power.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
abolished in the District of Columbia, or the seat
of Government removed therefrom; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, two memorials from citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, asking an increase of duties on foreign
iron; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Philadelphia,
in the State of Pennsylvania, asking that provision
may be made for paying the bonds issued by the
late Republic of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHIELDS presented two memorials of cit-
izens of Illinois, asking that the right of way and
a portion of the public land may be granted to
the Terre Haute and Alton Railroad Company, to
aid in the construction of their railroad; which
were referred to the Committee on the'Public
Lands.
Also, two memorials from citizens of the same
State, asking an appropriation for removing ob-
structions to the navigation of the Calumet river
in that State; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. FELCHl presented a memorial from J. H.
Eberbach and other citizens of Washington, in
the District of Columbia, asking a reorganization
of the judicial system of the District; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate, on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill providing for taking the seventh census of the
United States, reported—
"That they have met the conferees on the part of the
House of Representatives, and that the conferees have
agreed to recommend to the consideration of their respective
Houses the following arrangement:
cl.-t. The Senate shall agree to the amendment of the
first section of the bill as pax-ed by the Hou-e.
" 2d. The H-iii-se shall recede from its amendment striking
out the 03d section ol the bill.
''3d. The amendment which strikes out all the tables
from the bill, and inserts other*, shall be arranged, as
follows:
"The fir«ttable is identical with the original.
"The second lias uvoadditional columns.
"The third is to be modified in several particulars, as.
follows:
" 1st. Strike out all that which relates to live stock, being
eight columns, Irom No. 6 to No. 13 inclusive, and insert
w at i-i contained in table five of the original bill, namely,
the columns numbered from four to ten inclusive, with the
proceedings on the same subject,'7 &e.
The report was concurred in.
HEPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Mary Farrarj
asking a pension, on account of the services of her
husband, as a captain in the service during the
revolutionary war, submitted a report in writing,
^asking to be dismissed therefrom; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Cyrus Wheelock, asking
a pension, on account of injuries received in the
war of 1812, submitted a report in writing, asking-
to be discharged therefrom; which was ordered to
be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of^Snrah Nichols, for a pen-
sion, for the services of her husband in the war of
the Revolution, submitted a report in writing,
which was ordered to be printed, asking to bfe
discharged from the further consideration of the
same.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of James Wright, an engineer
in the revenue service, asking to be allowed a pen-
sion, submitted a report in writing, which was or-
dered to be printed, asking to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the papers of Charles Larrabee, asking 1;
arrears of pension, submitted a report in writing, j;
which was ordered to be printed, asking to be H
discharged from the further consideration of the
same.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Peter Grover, asking a
pension, in consideration of injuries received while
engaged in blasting rocks in the service of the
United States, submitted a report in writing
which was ordered to be printed, asking to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Frances P. Gardiner, ask-
ing a renewal of her pension, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for her relief; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Nancy Bowen, asking to
be allowed a pension, submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill
for h'er relief, which was read and passed to a se-
cond reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of David N. Smith, for arrears
of pension, submitted a report in writing:, which
was ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill
for his relief, which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of George Copway, an Indian chief, asking the
organization of a new Indian territory, east of the
Mississippi river, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a biil to provide compensation to
such persons as may be designated by the Secre-
tary of the Treiuwry to receive and keep the pub-
lic money, uriWr the loth section of the act of
Congress of 1846, for the additional services re-
quired under that act; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Thomas
Maugham, Culien Battle, and others, asking: in-
demnity for Indian depredations during the Creek
war in 1836-'7, a«ked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial
of Charles Byrne and others, proprietors of a
tract of land granted by the Spanish Govern-
ment to Don Pablo F. Fontaine, in Florida, asking
to be confirmed in their title, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims; which was agreed to,
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the memorial of
certain citizens of the State of New York, asking
that a Government vessel may be employed to
convey the delegates of the Peace Convention from
this country to Frankfort in August, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration.
Mr. K. took occasion to call the attention of the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who pre-
sented the memorial, to the report just made. The
committee did not consider thatthe memorial came
in any way within the sphere of their committee;
but if the Senator desired any further action on the
subject, he could have the memorial referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr SEWARD asked that the report and the
memorial lie on the table for the present; which
was agreed to.
ALLOWANCES TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
infoim the gen.ite whether, £tnf>e the passage of th*1 act
entitled $^n act to regulate the pay of the riavy of the
United States," appioved March 3, 1835, any pay, cornpen.
sation, or allowance, uniier any circumstances whatever,
except for traveling expenses when under order> home, has
been received hy an\ officer of the navy, either b\ I'nrniNhing
him quarters free of rent, or furnitim, or in any oilier way
whatever; and if«uch allowances have been made, under
and hyjbjce ol what law the samn have been rwide; and by
whose order, and to what officer? such allowance* have
been made, and what rule or regulation has been observed
in making them; and also whether such allowances have
been made to other than to captains, commanders, and®
lieutenants, and ll bo, to what persons.
BRANCH MIIs'T AT NEW YORK.
On the motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the bill
to establish a branch mint in the city of New York
was made the special order for Fiiday next, at
one o'clock.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate
