1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1020
proceeded to the consideration of the House bill
for the relief of Smith & Hersey.
[It was a bill to cancel three several bonds for
duties on goods which were burnt while in the
^Government stores.]
There being no amendment offered thereto, the
ibill was reported to the Senate, was ordered to a
third reading, and was read a third time and
PATENT LAWS.
The hour of half-past twelve having arrived, the
Senate resumed the consideration, as in Committee
of the Whole, of the bill to amend the act to pro-
mote the useful arts.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT stated the question to
be upon the adoption of the amendment offered on
Thursday last by the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Turney.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish to offer as an addi-
tional section, the following:
u That ail rules, by-law*, and orders regulating and gov-
erning the transaction "f business at the Patent Office fihall
be reduced to writing by the Commissioner in a book to be
kept for that purpose, which shall be open for public inspec-
tion. All such mine, by-law?,and orders shall begeneral in
their nature, and shall apply alike lo all persons who have
intercourse with lite office."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi-^ would like to
have the Senator from New YorB: explain the ob-
ject of this amendment, and state whether the re-
cords are not now so kept.
Mr. DICKINSON. They may be so kept, or
they may not. There is nothing which requires
it; and I understand by those who have business
at the Patent Office, that the business falls into
confusion for the want of such a regulation. At
any rate it can do no harm.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not know that 1 have very
serious objections to this amendment, but it strikes
«je that, like some of the sectior.s in the bill, it is
legislating to accomplish that which is already
•done under the law of 1836. I think the Patent
Office is well kept, and that the system of regula-
tions is quite perfect. It has been copied from the
English Patent laws, so amended in some respects
as to be adapted to this place. All this goes to
carry the conclusion that the office is not in confu-
sion, and that it is an office already mature in its
general regulations.
Mr. DICKINSON. I simply say that I can see
no harm at least in this provision, and that it may
be useful. A discreet officer might adopt such a
regulation, but it has not been done. The office
may hitherto have been governed discreetly—of
whictft shall express no opinion—but yet the time
may come when such a provision may be found
essentially necessary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to inquire
if this is intended to cover all applications for pat-
ents, and all which are filed ?
Mr. DICKINSON. By no means.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
this is a delicate subject, and I fear if we touch it
we shall do harm. The office is already well con-
ducted, and I fear this hasty legislation, especially
at this time, when it is known that Senators can-
not give their attention to it. I fear we shall only
change the laws to produce evil.
Mr. DICKINSON. The object of this amend-
ment is to provide that there shall be no favoritism;
that when A makes application for a patent, the
same rules shall be applied to him as to B; that
one general rule shall be applied to all cases, and
that it shall be imperative, and not left to the dis-
cretion of the office. I can see nothing which will
be prejudicial to any one, unless it is some one
who wishes to take an advantage of some other
one, which this amendment may prevent; because
this will be a general rule, applicable alike to all
cases—a general rule which will be recorded in a
book that will be kept open for the inspection of
those who have any business wilh the office. If
there is any danger from this, I wish to be on the
side of danger.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
• New York seems to suppose that applications will
be taken up out of their order, by one party, at
the expense of another. That is exactly the rea-
son why I do not like to touch it. There are two
great classes of inventors—those who are the
original inventors, the men of genius, who are not
lawyers; and there is a second class, those who
hawk about the Patent Office and elsewhere for
the discovery of all errors in technicalities, to take
advantage of all the rules and regulations of the
Patent Office. That is the class which is most
likely to govern our legislation—not the real in-
ventors of the country, not those who have done
so much to increase the commerce and the conve-
nience of the country, but rather those who are
more lawyers than Inifentors, who are constantly
suggesting bills and pressing them upon Senators,
seeking to modify the laws to suit their own pur-
poses. In the very State which the Senator rep-
resents, it is well known there are two distinct
classes who are watching this very bill now before
us. I have received letters and bills myself, and
I presume the Senator has received many more;
and 1 fear, if this is passed, that those who do not
pay the closest attention to it will find it is a trap,
laid by those who are best able to lay a trap for
the unwary.
Mr. DICKINSON. It seems to me we are giv-
ing this matter more importance than belongs to it.
Perhaps I do not understand the Senator from
Mississippi; for I cannot conceive how it is possi-
ble that those who are hanging about the Patent
Office can so well harm those who are unwary, if
there is a plain set of rules to govern alike all
cases. It seems to me his argument would defeat
his own position, and that those who hang about
the office would be the most likely to understand
the intricacies, the side-bar rules, if there are any;
and, making; that their business, would be most
likely to take advantage of rules with which they
were acquainted, and which those who come here
from the country would not be likely to under-
stand; whereas, if there were a book in which
these rules could be made public, the less experi-
enced could apply to that, and see the regulations
by which all are to be guided.
Mr. DAVIS. There are rules now.
Mr. DICKINSON. Very well; then this will
not make the matter any worse. There aie now
many complaints that there are inventions taken
up to the prejudice of A, in favor of B, when A's
application was first made. Let there be a general
rule, and let the rule apply alike to all. I have
not been quite so much annoyed by efforts to pro-
cure particular legislation as the Senator from
Mississippi appears to have been. When such
application shall be made to me, they will prove j
to be a poor investment. If anything prejudices
me in a case, it is to be importuned; and I should
be much more likely to vote against it. But I have
not been importuned with regard to this. It hss
been suggested to me, though not from the source
which the Senator from Mississippi imagines. But
Mississippi, and not myself, that has fallen i«t0
error. I understand the mode in which business
is transacted at the Patent Office. However th$
management of details may be, it is a matter fog
which the Commissioner of'Patentsis held respon-
sible. The public only know the Patent pi&ce
through him. These matters requireiiisattention.
Whether an application is referred to the appro-
priate examiner a day before or a day after
other, it comes under the supervision of the Com-
missioner. Whaul wish is, that he r$akes rtMp
by which the whole community shall begoverr^i
and which shall apply to all cases. - j; ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Is it not so no\$rf
Mr. DICKINSON. I say not. The Commis-
sioner has liberty to do it, but he does not always
do it. It is subject to his discretion. If there igt
any class of cases, I re'peat, which are more meri-
torious than others, let there be a general rule
touching that class of cases. Let the rules be ap-
plicable to all classes of cases; let that be the law
of the office, and then the sharks, to use the lan-
guage of the Senator, will not be able to devour
those of smaller tribe who come to transact busi-
ness at the office. Let the rules be entirely general
in their application. Let this class of cases
taken up first, if you please, and that class of c$$e$
second, and so on. It will be very easy to say
that those first reported on by the examiner shall
be firs* acied on. That I yill not objectrto; oof.
does the amendment preclude any such tiring* 'On
the contrary, it will promote them to make a rule to
the effect that those first produced or first reported
upon by the examiners shall be first acted upon by
the Commissioner. But let ail cases oe subject to
the same general law. The true corner-stone of
all legislation and of all sound principles is, that
every citizen shall be^subject to the same law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the Senator
can show that such is not the case now, I will
withdraw my objection.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have known of repeated
cases where objections have been made to the
order in whi*h applications have been taken .up,
I presume that every person who has had business
to transact at the Patent Office during the last two
years, has known that it has been a matter very
much complained of. I do not say that the officer?
acted indiscreetly; I only wish that the law shall
be known, and that it shall be applicable to all
cases.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I believe
that there are four examiners in the Patent Ofirce.
Now, suppose an inventor comes in to-day with
! an invention, it is referred to one of these examin-
ers. One comes in to-morrow; that is referred
it meets my approbation, and I take the whole re-
sponsibility. I believe it is calculated to euard the !| to another, and so on for four successive days, one
very interests which the Senator from Mississippi j j a day for each examiner. nnr Ka
wishes to protect. If there is a class of persons
who hang about the Patent Office to ferret out in- j
tricacies, this amendment will give the honest in- j
ventor who comes here an opportunity of protect- j
ing himself against them, for he can see what the
rules are which have been prescribed by law. j
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from i
New York has given an answer to a position which
I do not take. He seems to thmfc that there are intri-
cacies in the patent laws. I do not think there are.
I think the rules are very plain. I listened very
attentively to the Senator; and I think I have at
last discovered exactly what was in his mind
when he offered the amendment. |
According to the present laws of the Patent
Office, applications for patents are referred to differ-
ent examiners, bepause the same examiner is not
equally competent to examine into every branch
of invention. Each examiner has a certain class
of cases referred to him, and these are taken up
in their order by the examiner to whom they ap-
propriately belong. Different applications are
submitted to different examiners, and reported
upon by them. Such are the rules, as I understand
them, now. There is no secret about them, and
the Senator has fallen into a great mistake when
he supposes that by changing these rules he will
protect the interests of those who are remote,
whose minds are not so sharp as some others.
Sir, the reverse is the fact. Changes in the laws,
or regulations, or in the manner of transacting ;
business, will be beneficial to the sharks that hang j
about the Patent Office, who will take advantage j
of them. The ignorant and laborious inventor at t
a distance is the very person who will suffer. j
Mr. DICKINSON. It is the Senator from I
Now, sir, it will not be
possible, m the practice of the office and in the
nature of things, that the invention first referred
will be first reported upon at all times. You can-
not always have it that way. The invention
which is first referred may require weeks or months
for its examination, whereas the invention which
is afterwards referied may be reported upon the
next day. Now, does my friend from New York
want the Commissioner to delay acting upon the
invention which may he reported upon the
next day, until the one which was previously re-
ferred shall be reported upon, perhaps weeks or
months afterwards? Certainly that would notdo.
You cannot, therefore, make any regulation which
will produce regularity of action upon inventions
according to the priority of time in whieh they are
presented.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will my frieud allow me
to ask him if it is not possible to make a rule that
the invention first reported upon shall be first
I acted upon ?
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly, and I pre-
j sume that is the case now.
! Mr. DICKINSON. Then the Senator is pre-
: suming that which I am trying to fix by legislation.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then the Senator from
! New York presumes as much by proposing his
I amendment as I do by opposing it. He presumes
| that things are impropeily done at the Patent
] Office, without specifying any instance of it. ^ If
he will show an evil founded upon fact, for which
he can vouch, I will go ax far as any one to cor-
rect it. But when he calls upon me to legislate
upon Dresumption, I find out this difficulty, to sti&W
that you could not proceed regularly in t^e-p.'der
of time in which applications for filed
