1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and go into the consideration of the subject of
postages. They had heretofore had that course
pursued by the Committee on Naval Affairs in
former Congresses; and what had been the result?
Why, as he had already stated, a burden of about
a million and a half of dollars a year for ten years,
fastened upon the Government. And now, if the
Committee on Commerce were to follow in the
wake of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and the
House were to sustain them, before they were
aware of it, they might have other hundreds of
thousands of dollars fastened as an annual expense
upon the country, and the hopes of the people for
a reduction of the rates of internal postage disap-
pointed. He hoped the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio would prevail, and that this bill would
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. GRINNELL (a member of the Committee
on Commerce) made'a brief explanation of the
provisions of the bill, and defence of the commit-
tee for considering and reporting it. (From his
low tone of voice and the position from which he
spoke, his remarks were entirely inaudable to the
reporter )
In the course of his remarks,
Mr. POTTER interposed, and inquired of the
gentleman from Massachusetts if the Committee
on Commerce had made any estimate of the
amount of postage to be deriv^Pfrom this service
to the Government or the Post Office Department.
Mr. GRINNELL was understood to say that the
committee had not been able to make any adequate
estimate of the amounts of these postages, but that
they proposed letting out the contract for this ser-
vice to the lowest bidder, and that they had
adopted the rates recommended by the Post Office
Department. .
Mr CONRAD said, this bill had originated in a
memorial signed by a very great number of the
merchants of New Orleans—perhaps seventy or
eighty commercial houses—which had been pre-
sented to this House and the Senate, praying for
the establishment of a semi-monthly mail between
that port and Vera Cruz, setting forth the very
great injury that had arisen to the commerce of
the United States for the want of such communi-
. cation, and stating that a great deal of commerce
bad been diverted from the United States to Eng-
land, in consequence of the want of a regular sys-
tem of communication between the ports of the
United States and the Mexican ports, and from the
fact that there did exist sucti a communication be-
tween those ports and England. This memorial,
it was thought, would be very appropriately re-
ferred to the Committee* on Commerce, because
the system of postage particularly concerned the
foreign commerce of the country. The Commit-
. tee on Commerce were unanimously of the opinion
that it was very important to the interests of com-
merce that this mail communication should be
established. He assured gentlemen, that instead
of the bill having the effect which gentlemen
feared, of so burdening the Post Office Department
as to interfere with any diminution of the rates
of postage, no such effect could possibly result
from it. This bill had undergone very minute
examination in the Committee on Commerce; it
bad been fully discussed there; the committee had
been in communication with the department upon
the subject; they had resorted to every source of
information; and he did not suppose that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads could
give it a fuller examination than it had already
undergone. He thought that any discussion of
the merits of the bill at this time was out of order,
and he hoped it would be referred to the Commit-
,tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. POTTER said he did not propose to dis-
cuss the merits of this bill. Had he been in Con-
gress some two years since when the system was
established, he should have opposed it. It was a
sort of marine mail establishment, the construc-
tion of vessels under the supervision of the Navy
Department, for the carrying the mail, by which
the Government was taxed, as had been said by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, about a million
and a half of dollars for the transportation of the
mails between the United States and California
and Oregon, in vessels commanded by officers of
the navy, and under the supervision of the Naval
Department; and in addition, the Government
agreed to take the old vessels employed in the
service at the end of the term of ten years, at the
appraisal perhaps of persons whom the parties
interested might select.
Mr. GRINNELL was understood to say that
this bill contained no provision about the Govern-
ment taking the vessels at the expiration of the
contract, or anything: of that character, but simply
provided for contracting for the necessary mail ser-
vice on the most favorable terms.
Mr. POTTER said he understood all that. He
understood that this was a proposition to let out
to contract to the lowest bidder, the mail service
between this and a foreign country, and some of
our international ports. He was opposed to this
system. There was no need of greater facilities
of mail service than were called for by the wants
of commerce. And the vessels trading between
these ports would convey all the correspondence
at a cheap rate, and without entering into any
contract at all. There was no need of entering
into any more of these contracts by which the
Post Office was overburdened and the public
Treasury overtaxed.
Mr. DUER said that if the previous question
would bring the House to a direct vote on the
motion to refer, he would move it.
The question on that motion was taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative.
So there was a second,
And the main question was ordered to be taken.
Which main question was, first, on the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and to print; and failing
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and to print.
Mr. POTTERcalled theattentionoftheSpeaker
to the fact, that he (Mr. P.) had moved to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware that the
gentleman submitted that motion. But the gentle-
man from Louisiana [Mr. Cokrad] moved the
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that motion takes prece-
dence over the motion to refer to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. If the first
motion should be voted down, the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter] will be next
in order. *
The question having been again stated, that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and be printed,
Mr. JONES called for a division of the question.
A division was ordered.
And the question having been taken, first, on
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, it'was decided in the
negative.
So the House decided that the bill should not
be refened to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Potter, and was decided in the affirmative
without a division.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. *
And the printing was ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker.) Will the Chair
state whether the morning hour has expired
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired.
Mr. BURT. Then I hope the motion will be
voted down, that the call of the committees may
proceed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. It is not
possible to reach the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to-day.
Mr. PHOENIX desired, he said, to make a re-
port from the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that is a privileged motion.
Tellers (Messrs. McLane, of Maryland, and
Evans, of Ohio,) were appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
was declared to be, ayes 78, noes 48.
Mr. BURT demanded the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
CALIFORNIA.
The motion of Mr. Thompson having been
-agreed to, the House resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the fspecial message of the
President of the United States tfansnrtitting the
constitution of California, , ■
Mr. HAYMOND was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the Committee during'the allotted hour.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.] , •
Mr. H. having concluded—
Mr. GERRY obtained the floor, (from among
several competitors.)
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, desired to call
the attentiou of the Chair to the thirty-first rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
« When any member is about to speak in debate, or de-
liver any matter to the House, he shall rise from ins Beat,
and respectfully address Himself to 4 Mr. Speaker.' "
The rule having been read 
Mr. KING said, I rose in my seat, and ad-
dressed myself, as respectfully as I could, to the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
pro tern.) said, the Chair had no doubt that, the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Kins] ad-
dressed himself with entire respect to the Chair;
but it was the opinion of the present occupant of
the Chair that the rule did not require that a
member should rise from any particular seat when
he claimed the floor, but that he should rise from
the seat which he might be temporarily occupying,
and address himself to " Mr. Speaker," or " Mr.
Chairman," as the case might be. This, in the
opinion of the Chair, was all that the rule re-
quired. The Chair had heard this question raised
heretofore, and believed that the settled practice
of the House conformed to the opinion which the
Chair had stated. The thirty-third rule of the
House was in the following words:
" When two or more members happen to rise at once,
the Speaker shall name the member who is first to speak."
Mr. KING said that he had so much respect for
the Chair, that he would not take an appeal from
the decision. But, he would ask, how was it that
the Speaker, or the.Chairman, insisted upon mem-
bers taking their seats?
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair supposed
that if the member had a particular seat of his own,
he would take it. If not, the Chair supposed he
would be assigned one. The Chair had no espe-
cial pride of opinion in the matter, and had no ob-
jection that its decision should be overruled, if the
committee thought proper to do so.
Mr. BOCOCK desired to be informed by the
Chair, how the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Ger-
ry] had obtained the floor—whether it was by
rising and addressing the Chair ?
The CHAIRMAN assented.
Mr. BOCOCK said he did not know that tha
gentleman from Maine' [Mr. Gerry] had risen and
addressed the Chair. There were several gentle-
men who had risen, and who had been endeavor-
ing- for some time to obtain the'floor. All that he
(Sir. B.) desired was, to understand the princi-
ple upon which the floor had been assigned.
The CHAIR said he believed the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Gerry] had addressed the Chair.
Mr. GERRY then proceeded with his remarks,
and addressed the committee during the hour (in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.)
The hour having expired— t
Mr. HOWE obtained the floor; but stated that,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. King]
near him, was about to leave the city, he (Mr, H.)
would yield the floor to him, if, by so doing, he
should not prejudice his right to claim the floor
hereafter.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Jones, pro ton.,) said,
that he Was only temporarily occupying tbs Chair.
: The Chair did not think that the right existed to
make any arrangement for the floor; but he sup-
i posed that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
j Howe] could not be deprived of the right to have
1 the floor again assigned to him, should he first ad-
| dress the Chair.
i Some conversation followed on the point of
j order.
j Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, then took the
; floor, and addressed the committee (in remarks
i which will be found in the Appendix.)
