1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
personal civil rights of emigration and of expatria-
tion. I consider them also a violation of the ex-
press right guarantied to every citizen of the
United States by the Constitution of the country,
no't to be deprived of life, liberty, or property
willtcul due process of law. It will be understood
that m this case no warrant has been issued, no
information filed, and there has been no process of
law within the contemplation of the Constitution;
and yet a squadron has been ordered to the coast
of Cuba to arrest persons and to seize property
under the American flag, at the discretion of the
commander of the squadron ! If, within our owiy
jurisdiction, a violation of the act of 1818 wasJbe-
mg committed, no authority would dare to arrest
the suspected offender without due process of law,
as contemplated by the Constitution of the United
States; but here we find the Executive o*- the coun-
try employing the fleet of the United States and
sending it to foreign parts to arrest American citi-
zens, and to hinder them in their liberty and vio-
late the sanctity of their property, without any
legal information and without any process.
But, passing from this inconsiderate violation of
personal and civil right, there is a greater wrong
to the dignity, policy, and Constitution of the
country.
I come to the next, and, as it seems to me, a
material ground. The instructions direct lhat if a
landing had been effected, the fleet should be em-
ployed to prevent the arrival and landing of rein-
forcements and supplies of arms and provisions.
1 contend that this is an outrage on the freedom of
commerce, and an ouirage upon the Constitution
and policy of the country. What is the established
national law in regard to civil wars? It is, that
whenever a civil war shall rage in a foreign coun-
try, each of the parties are to be regarded and
treated as belligerent powers. I say now that the
moment a landing was effected, as contemplated by
these instructions, and the flag of revolution was
raised on the island, there are two parties arrayed
in hostile interest, and that a war is in being.
Belligerent powers are there, and it belongs to
the freedom of commerce, and is a neutral right—
a right of every citizen in this country—to hire or
sell vessels, and send them there with provisions
and arms for either party able and willing to pay
for them. Yet here we find a direction given that,
after the anticipated landing is effected and the
revolutionary flag may have been raised, and there
are two belligerent powers acting on the island in
contest for its government, our fleet is to be em-
ployed to prevent the landing of reinforcements,
arms, and supplies under the American flag, if in-
tended for one of the parties.
1 contend that this is not only a violation of the
rightful freedom of commerce, but is also in viola-
tion of the rules of neutrality, as recognized by all
nations, and as enforced by this Government from
the commencement of its history to the present
time. The provisions, arms, and ammunition
sent there, under the circumstances, will be re-
garded, I agree, as contraband of war, and liable
to the risks which belong to such enterprises.
But the commerce is not unlawful, it is a lawful
commerce, and the vessels or cargoes subject to
- confiscation, if they fall into the power of the ad-
versary party. I wish it, therefore, to be under-
stood, and 1 so declare distinctly, that, according
to my apprehension of the law, if the flag of rev-
olution is once raised in ihe island of Cuba, from
that moment it is the right of every American cit-
izen to hire his vessel, or to sell it, to the revolu-
tionary party, equally as to the other party, and
to send under the American flag provisions and
aims, and whatever else the revolutionary party
may require and can pay for. And, further, that
every person who chooses to emigrate to the isl-
and, and to take part with either side, has the full
right to do so, provided he chooses to incur the
hazards of the contest. And 1 will say, further,
that every American ship engaged in a lawful com-
merce is entiled to be protected in Us pursuit by
the public force. 1 say, then, lhat the instructions,
so far from being consistent with the rights of
American citizenship and property, are in violation
of those rights. I go further, and I siiy that the
acts ordered to be done are acts of war. I say that
the President has undertaken to involve the coun-
try m the danger of a hostile collision without the
authority of Congress, and therefore in violation
of the Constitution. In support of this position I
have to refer back to the ground which I took just
now, that the moment a revolutionary flag has
been raised in the island a civil war is begun, and
that by the laws of nations the respective parties
in the struggle are to be regarded by all other peo-
ple as belligerent powers. I say, then, that the
order given to our fleet to go upon the coast of
Cuba where this war is raging, to take part in that
war by preventing reinforcements and supplies for
one party and not the other, is a participation in
the wan and if the revolutionary party should be
successful it will justify them in treating the Uni-
ted Stales as an enemy, and in treating those en-
gaged in such acts of hostility towards them with
all the severity due to those taken with arms fla-
grante bello.
I understand, Mr. President, that there occurred
duringHhe last summer—and [ have only learned
it this morning—much which did not meet the
public eye with reference to whirt was supposed to
be at the time a movement looking to the revolu-
tion of Cuba. I shall desire to modify this reso-
lution so as to cover all that transpired then. I
am told there is reason to believe that instructions
were given, and that correspondence occurred at
that time which ought to be known to the coun-
try, and which were of a most extraordinary char-
acter. I do not rest ihis apprehension upon my
own responsibility; but in order to bring out the
facts, whatever they may be, I shall ask to amend
the resolution so as to cover not only what is now
doing, but what took place with respect to Cuban
affairs during the past summer.
Mr. President, it will be observed that 1 have
carefully abstained from expressing any approba-
tion of the alleged movement. Its justice, propri-
ety, and policy depend upon matters of which I
am not sufficiently informed to judge at present.
I think it proper to say, that when I offered this
resolution I knew nothing of the particulars or the
details of this movement except what was gener-
ally known to the country; and yet 1 must say, as
1 believe a vast majority of the citizens of this re-
public will also say, that my sympathies are with
the republican party—strongly and anxiously with
them. I trust in God their movement may be a
successful one, and that this success may be ac-
complished without bloodshed, and with as little of
civil commotion as possible. Sir, I would be ready
to commend any legitimate effort of the Executive
to enforce an observance of the laws of the land.
But it is certainly not one of the least unfortunate
aspects in which theaction of this Government pre-
sents itself, that it is stretching its powers beyond
the limits of a just neutrality to crush a movement
conceived in the spiiit of freedom, and to bolster
the authority of a grinding despotism.'
I do not make it a ground of attack now against
the Government, but I must say, with regret, that
it has seemed to me the sympathies of the Gov-
ernment have of late appeared to lean rather to the
side of despotism than to liberal progress. I do
not think it proper to go furiher now. When the
information which this resolution seeks has been
obtained—and 1 hope it will receive a more prompt
attention than a resolution I offered some time
ago which remains yet-unanswered—we shall be
able to consider the subject with more light than
we now possess. Still, I have felt authorized to
say as much as I have from what appeared in the
two papers I have referred to, and which seemed
intended to propitiate the public mind in favor of
what the Administration had undertaken.
Mr. WEBSTER.- Mr. President, 1 regret that
the honorable member from Wisconsin has thought '
it necessary lo offer the amendment which he has
proposed, because it seems rather offensive in its
terms. It is not, perhaps, quite regu'ar to demand
by what authority an act has been done until the
inquiry be first answered whether such an act has
been done. 1 hope, therefore, that the honorable
member will see the propriety of withdrawing the
amendment. If he does not, however, I shall
vote for the whole resolution.
Mr. President, I am somewhat surprised at
some of the propositions stated by the honoiable
member from Florida. He says it looks to him
as if this were a declaration of war without the
authority of Congress. Against whom? or against
what country ?
Mr. YULEE. Not a declaration of war. I
said that the instructions involved an act of war.
Mr. WEBSTER. An act of war, then. Against;
whom? Against what Government, what coun-
try, what colony, what province ? It is important
that we should govern ourselves by some distinct
understanding of the neutral duties of this Govern-
ment, and of the duties of all the citizens of this
Government, established by standing law. If we
mean to be neutral, as between a Government and
any party assailing it at home or abroad, we are
to consider what our treaty stipulations are in the
first place, and upon what relations we stand to
the Government of that-country. Now every-
body knows the stipulations of peace., amity, and
good will contained in all our treaties with Spain;
and probably every member of the Senate knows
that in the diplomatic history of this coufilrvjat
different times within the last thirty years, so far
as the Executive Government could pledge the
country to a particular line of policy, over and
over, and over again we assured the Government
of Spain that if Spain should not voluntarily
relinquish Cuba to any European power the
United States would do towards her every office
of kindness and good will lo maintain her in pos-
session of that Island; that the United States would
look with great jealousy and great alarm at any
voluntary surrender of Cuba to a European
power; and that lfSpain would abstain from that,
she might be assurred of the good offices and
good will of the United States, and the friendship
of the United Stales to maintain her in possession
of the Island. 1 do not mean to say how far
those communications to the Spanish Government
bind Congress or the country; I only mean to say
that they have been made at different times, as far
back at least as General Jackson's administration;
and they have been made for the purpose of im-
piessing on Spam the great importance of our
peace and her regard for us, and of preserving
that island in her possession and under her au-
thority. These significations of the purpose of ,
the Executive Government have been untform,
and they have been published from time to time,
and I never heard of a complaint of them in any
part of the country. t
But now let us come to the direct question.
What is it that is complained of? His said that
the President of the United States has dnected a
portion of the naval armament of the cwuntry to
the coast of Cuba for a certain specific purnose;
and if the facts are as they are generally believed
to be, for a purpose not only perfectly legal and
perfectly constitutional to be executed on the part
of the Executive of the Government, but a pur-
pose made his especial duty by positive statute.
If there is any. case, it is a case of this kind. A
military expedition has been fitted ou', or begun
to be fined out, in the United States, to act against
the island of Cuba, now belonging to the Spanish
Government. And it is not material, if such be
the fact, if it be fitted out, or begun to be fitted out
or prepared, according to the language of the stat-
ute, in the United States, whether by the citizens
of the United States or by others. The law pre-
vents the thing being done in the United Slates.
Now, I suppose that whatever action the Presi-
dent has taken on this subject, is founded upon
information that this is« military expedition, pre-
pared and set on foot in the United States, in
whole or in part. Well, then, if that be so, the
law makes it his express duty, wherever-he can
exert the military and naval power, within the
limits and jurisdiction of the United Stales, to ex-
ert it to defeat such an expedition. And, in the
next place, if a United Slates vessel is found on
the coast of Cuba, intending to violate, this law of
the country bv helping lo carry on a military ex-
pedition against Cuba, that vessel is just as much
within the jurisdiction of the United States—for
that is the word of the statute—as if she lay in
the Potomac river. I suppose that nobody doubts
now that the jurisdiction of the United States is
in and over, protecting for the bernfit of the United
States, and protecting for the benefit of other coun-
tries, all that are under the flag of the United
Slates, whether that flag floats upon the sea, or
even in the harbor of a foreign port. I believe
that some time ago an honorable member from
Ohio doubted that, and 1 believe that an honorable
member from New York quoted the sentiment,
and said that nobody believed it. However, I
take it to be unquestionable law, settled upon the
surest basis of the national code. If that be so,
the President of the Unite4 States is bound in
duty, wherever he finds the jurisdiction of the
United States extending on the sea or on the land,
if persons are engaged in violation erf the law of
