1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Congress, by use of the naval and military power
of the United States to prevent it. Such is the
language of the law, " by the military and naval
armament of the United States." And why is he
to use the naval armament of the United States,
unless there is something that can be lawfully done^
with it upon the sea? I cannot persuade myself
that the honorable member from Florida has read
the act of 1818 with his*usual diligence and acute-
ness. I say that that act not only gives power to
the President, but imposes it upon him as a duty,
an active and diligent duty, to preserve the peace
of the country by suppressing every unauthorized
expedition set on foot in the United States, against
any portion of a country, province, or colony,
with which we are at peace.
1 will not go into this subject at any very great
length. But pray, what does the honorable mem-
ber from Florida mean? How does he mean to
be understood when he says that if at home
nothing could be done without process or war-
rant? That is not the language of the law, nor
the language of the Constitution; nor is it conso-
nant to our general ideas of the authority of the
President under the Constitution. If an insurrec-
tion bleaks out, may not the President suppress
it by an armed force? If a squadron were coming
up the Potomac river to burn the capital, may he
not resist it with a naval force? If there were an
insurrection of colored persons breaking out any-
where, threatening the overthrow of the laws and
institutions of the country, must he stop for a
warrant? Sir, it is made his duty to execute the
laws; and where there is an open, a flagrant, a
dangerous violation of law, it is his duty to come
with the proper force of the country to the rescue
of the violated law, and to reassert and reestab-
. lish it.-
I do not know what are the precise facts in this
case, but I have no apprehension at all that it wilt
be found that afiythmg has been done which
should not hjive been done, or that anything is
intended which should not be intended. 1 have
not the least doubt that whatever has been done
in the case has been done upon full consideration;
and that the answer to this inquiry will show to
the country that no step has been unadvisedly ta-
ken, and that no object has been cherished but the
general, salutary, beneficial one of preserving the
peace of the country.
But the honorable gentleman went somewhat
farther. He says that if a landing be made on
the island of Cuba under the flag-of the United
States, it is a breaking out of civil war, in regard
to which we must be neutral. Why, certainly'
we may be neutral if no act for carrying on that
invasion and raising that flag of the United States
in Cuba has been done, or attempted to be done,
or set on foot, or prepared, according to the Ian-
gunge of the statute, in the United States.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator seems to have
understood me as saying the flag of the United
Stales. 1 (lid not say so. I said that the moment
that the revolutionary flag was raised there was a
civil war, and there were two belligerent par-
ties.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is the same thing. The
honorable member says that when a revolution
breaks out it is a civil war, and in a civil war we
are bound to be neutral. Very well. But it is no
neutiahty at all to suffer preparations for war—mili-
tary armaments—to be fitted out and sent from this
country to carry on that war. That certainly is
not neutrality; and that is exactly what the statute
of 1818 intended to prevent. It was that no such
civil commotions should be aided by military arm-
aments fitted out in the United States; that being
supposed to be against the general law of neutral-
ity.
The honorable member, while speaking of the
particular circumstances of this case, indulged in
a general remark. He fears that there is a dispo-
sition (running through vaiious acts of the present
Administration) which inclines more to that side
of these questions which is not the republican Ride.
That is a matter of opinion into which I shall not
enter. It is not very pertinent to the question now
before the Senate. 1 can only say that, for one,
I have seen no evidence of such intention or sym-
pathy manifested by the President of the United
States. I believe hejpeans to execute the laws of
the country honestly, fairly, and firmly, as I hope
he will do, as I trust he will do, as 1 believe he
will do. As to the rest, sir, I know nothing to lead
me to suppose that he is not as good a republican
as any of us.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I have not risen
to enter into any discussion of this resolution,
which strikes me as being altogether premature.
It is a call for informatiou, and, before that inform-
ation is obtained, assuming what it is to be, the
member who offers the resolution goes on with a
denunciatory speech in regard to the character of
the information he expects to receive. 1 shall not
partake at this time m the discussion; I shall wait
until I know what the statement of the facts may
be, and not now apply any statement of law or
of fact which 1 may suppose to be applicable. I
have risen for no such purpose; but 1 have risen
to express the hope that while we are engaged m
the discussion of grave and important subjects
with regard to California, we will not be diverted
from our purpose*by an expedition against Cuba.
I hope this resolution will be laid upon the table.
Indeed,! have risen for the purpose of moving
that it be laid upon the table, and that we proceed
to the consideiation of the special order, so that
the Senator from Louisiana, who has the floor,
may be permitted to address the Senate; because
the state of his health is such as to render it de-
sirable that if he address the Senate on the en-
grossing question now before us, he should do so
to-day.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tacky will allow me for a moment 
Mr. CLAY. I shall not withdraw the motion.
Mr. YULEE. 1 do not ask the Senator from
Kentucky to withdraw the motion;' I metelyde- ,
sire that he would give it a different direction, so j
that it may be taken up to-morrow, or on some j
early day. j
Mr. CLAY. To that I have no objection, !
though I should object if it is to lead to discussion.
Mr. President, I shall move to lay tne resolution j
on the table, and the Senator from Florida can j
move to take it up to-morrow, if he pleases. [
Mr. YULEE. 1 have no objection that it be i
laid upon the table to-day; and 1 shall ask the Sen-
ate to take it up to-morrow.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Clay, and the resolution was ordered to lie on
the table.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
Mr. CLAY. I now move, Mr. President, that
we proceed to the consideration of the special or-
der of the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the special or-
der to be the bill for the admission of California
as a State of the Union, to establish territorial
governments for the Territories of Utah and JN'ew
Mexico, and to make proposals to Texas for the
settlement of her northern <*nd northwestern
boundaries.
Mr. HALE. There-is a special order before
that—the Older fixed for half-past twelve o'clock
to-day, in relation to the "bill to promote the prog-
ress of the useful arts.'' That special older takes
precedence.
Mr. TURNEY. I mo-ve that the further con-
sideration of that bill be postponed until to-mor-
row at half-past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill reported from the committee of thirteen.
Mr. SOULE addressed the Senate for upwards
of an hour and a half, and was replied to by Mr.
Clay, whose speeches will be found in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. UPHAM obtained the floor, to reply to a
remark of Mr. Soule's in relation to the tolerance
of peonage by the constitution of Vermont, but
yielded, at the request of Mr. Webster, for a
motion to adjourn.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 22,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call of the committees for
reports, commencing where the call was last
suspended, (with the Committee on Commerce.)
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
Mr. PHCENIX, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to establish a branch mint
in the city of New York.
The bill having been read twice by its title-—
Mr. PHCEN1X moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and be printed.
The question having been taken, and decided in
the affirmative—
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PHCENIX asked the .unanimous consent
of the House to submit a motion that the bill be
made the special order for the first Tuesday of
July.
Objection was made.
Mr. PHCENIX desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether it would be m order to move a
suspension of the rules for the purpose of enabling
him to submit the motion ?
The SPEAKER. The rules cannot be sus- -
pended to-day.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said he desired
to give notice that a report upon the subje.ct of this
bill would hereafter be presented. It was not ex-
actly ready at this time; but,as soon as it was
prepared, it would be presented, with a viewtoita
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to whom the bill had been re-
ferred.
Mr. PHCENIX. It has been suggested to me
to move that the bill be now put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. It will be requisite, in the
first place, to move a reconsideration of the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committeeof
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHCENIX. 1 make that motion.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 move that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, called for tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Root, of
Ohio, and Bocock, of Virginia, were appointed.
Mr. PHCENIX. I withdraw the motion to re-
consider.
So the motion to reconsider was withdrawn.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Public
j Lands, reported back, with amendments, a bill to
| create the office of surveyor general of the public
j lands in Oregon, and to provide for the survey
I and to make donations to settlers of the said pub-
I lie lands; which bill and amendments were com-
, mitted.
Also, from the same committee, reported the
following resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat the Committee on PuUlic Lands be, and
they are hereby, authoiized to purchase a Jai e map of the
United States, including California and Oregon, for the use
I of said committee, to tie paid lor out of the contingent fund
j of ihe House: Frovuhd. it doe.i not cost a suin exceeding
fourteen doltais.
' Mr. ALBERTSON, from the same committee,
S reported a bill to supply the deficiency in a town-
] ship of land heietofore granted by Congress to the
; State of Indiana by an act approved April ID,
| 1816, for the use of a State seminanary of learning;
which was read twice and committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
supplemental to an act entitled " An actsupplement-
ary to an act approved on the 3d day of March,
! 1819, entitled ' An act providing for the correction
of errors in making entries of land at the land
| offices,"' approved May 24,1824; which was read
' twice and committed.
j Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the same com-
mittee, to which was leferred the bill of the Senate
entitled " An act to relinquish the reversionary
interest of the United States to certain reservations
therein mentioned, and to confirm the title of
Charles G. Gunter thereto," reported the same
back to the House without amendment; which
was committed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following lesoiution; which was agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be m&tructed to inquire into the propriety ami expediency
of allowing increased compensation to the pension agents,
when the amftunt annually paid out by the agent does not
exceed ten thousand dollars, with leave to repoit by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations for
light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c., and provi-
ding for the erection and establishment of the
