1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
same, and for other purposes; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. FULLER, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing so
much of the act approved March 3, 1847, chap. 45, as de-
prives seamen who mayjlibel a vessel for the recovery of their
wages from receiving full costs, and report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. WALLACE asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution,
saying that as it was merely a resolution of refer-
ence, he hoped there would be no objection:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be and are hereby instructed to inquire and report upon the
expediency of extending the benefit of the act of Congress
ol the 7th of June, 1832, and the amendment to the same,
granting pensions to revolutionary soldiers, to all such
soldiers, and the widows of those who have died, as served
in the'war of the Revolution, either iri the continental line,
militia, or State troops, for a period not lees than lour months.
Mr. CONGER objected.
Mr. BURT insisted on the call of the commit-
tees for reports. He would object to every other
proposition.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, reported a bill
to incorporate the Washington Mutual Insurance
Company; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BROWN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given.
- The SPEAKER stated that objection had been
made to the introduction of anything out of the
regular order of business.
Mr. VENABLE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of James
Lewis; which was read twice and committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill from the Senate entitled "An act
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
make an arrangement or compromise with Mangle
M. Ctuackenboss and his coobligors, or any of
them, for claims or bonds given by them as sure-
ties to the United States," reported the same back
to the House without amendment; and it was com-
mitted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of the
late Lieut. J. E. Bispham's executor; which was
read twice and committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
to provide for the publication of the laws of the
United States.
Mr. S. moved that this bill be laid on the table;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. MEADE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill of the
Senate entitled " An act to amend the several acts
' establishing district courts of the United States
' in the State of Florida, and to provide for writs of
' error and appeals from said courts," reported
the same back to the House without amendment;
which bill was committed.
Also, a bill for the relief of the Monroe R.ailroad
Company and their sureties; which was read
^jvice and committed.
Mr. M1LLSON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made adverse reports upon the
petitions of the heirs of James Conway, of Dudley
Hall, executor of John Brooks, deceased, and of
the heirs of Nehemiah Stokely; which were laid
upon the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, from the same
committee, made adveise reports upon the peti-
tions of the heirs of William Cherry, of the exec-
utors of Dr. Lackey Murray, and of James Geer;
which were laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr.'B., the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims were discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Mary A. Turner,
widow of John L. Turner, and it was referred to
the Gommittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
James T. Shackiefortl; which was read twice, and
which he asked to have put on its passage.
The bill was then oidcred to be engrossed and
read a third time, under the operation of the pre-
vious question moved by Mr. KAUFMAN, and,
being engrossed, was read the third time and
CONSTRUCTION OF LAWS.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported the fol-
lowing resolution :
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to have prepared, and communicated to this House,
at the commencement of the next session, all the opinions
of the Attorneys General of the United States delivered
since the first day of March, 1841, which give construction
to tile public laws not of a temporary character.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. CROWELL said, he would suggest to the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Featherston]
so to modify the resolution as to embrace the
whole period since the publication of the former
volume. The opinions contained in the former
volume came up only to 1837.
Mr. CONRAD said, thatwhen he had yesterday
reported a bill from the Committee on Commerce,
to authorize the Postmaster General to contract for
carrying the mail in steamboats between New Or-
leans and Vera Cruz, and intermediate points, ob-
jection had been made that the subject was not
within the jurisdiction of that committee. Now,
he (Mr. C.) would like to know from the gentle-
men composing the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, how it was that a resolution pro-
viding for the publication of the opinions of the
Attorneys General came from that committee?
Mr. FEATHERSTON said, it wouid give him
great pleasure to reply to the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Conrad.] He (Mr.
F.) did not know that this matter belonged more
propei ly to one committee of the House than to
another. The object of the resolution was to ob-
tain the opinions of the Attorneys General since
the year 1840, for the use of the Post Office Com-
mittee, as well as of every other committee of the
House. The committee desired that these opin-
ions should be obtained for the use of the mem-
bers of the House generally, and for the use of the
Government. The fact was notorious, that the
officers of the Government needed these opinions.
In the year 1840 the House made a similar call
upon the President, for all the opinions of the At-
torneys General published previous to that time.
On the first of March, 1841, all the opinions pre-
viously delivered, giving construction to general
laws, were furnished to the House. They were
printed in one voiume.
Mr. CONGER rose, he said, to a question of
order. He desired to be informed by the Speaker,
whether this resolution was in order? And he
would make one remark. Some time ago the
Committee on Public Expenditures, of which he
(Mr. C.) was a member, reported, or, more prop-
erly speaking, offered to report a bill m relation to
the public lands. ' He well recollected that on that
occasion a question of order had been raised, that
the committee was not possessed of jurisdiction m
the matter. And he now submitted to the Chair,
as a point of order, that the Committee on the
Post Office was not possessed of jurisdiction over
this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide that
this lesolution from the Commutee on the Post
Office is not in order. The subjectembraced in the
resolution has not, the Speaker understands, been
referred to that committee by the House;-and the
Speaker would further remark, that even if the
resolution was regularly in order from the com-
mittee, it could not be considered to-day, except
by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Not in order if reported
from a committee?
The SPEAKER. Not in order to-day.
Mr. CONGER would move, he said, that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said, he had no objec-
tion that such a disposition of the resolution
should be made, for he lelt satisfied that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary would report it back to the
House with a recommendation that it should be
adopted.
The SPEAKER said, if no objection was made,
the resolution would take the direction which had
been proposed.
No objection having been made, the resolution
was referred to the Committee or*he Judiciary.
THE POST OFFICE COMMITTEE.
Mr. POTTER, under instructions from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, re-
ported a resolution authorizing that committee to
employ a clerk temporarily.
: The resolution having been read,
Mr. JONES inquired of the Speaker, whether
the resolution was the report of a committee?
The-SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES said, he believed that the House,
during the present session, had steadfastly refused
to allow clerks either to the standing or select com-
mittees. There were but two standing committees
of the House that were allowed a clerk. Of one of
these committees he was a member, and if the
clerk had been of any sort of service he (Mr. J.)
had yet to find out the fact. He had been a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads during a former Congress, and could testify
that they had then no use for a clerk. He moved
that the resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. CONGER appealed to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to withdraw the motion,
to enable him (Mr. C.) to say a few words.
Mr. JONES. I will withdraw the motion if
you will promise to renew it.
Mr. CONGER. Well, 1 accept the condition.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was withdrawn.
Mr. CONGER said, that if the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads desired the services
of a clerk for the purpose of maturing a bill upon
the subject of cheap postage, he should not object
to giving them the requisite authority. But he
had some days ago understood, that the committee
were prepared to report a bill providing for the re-
duction of postages, and for other reforms. The
committee, he had understood, were ready to make
such a report. 1 f he had been misinformed he should
like to be apprised of the fact. If he had not been
misinformed, then he must beg leave to say, that
he thought it strange, very strange, that the com-
mittee had not, ere this, reported the bill; for,
if his recollection did not mislead him, he had re-
ceived this information from a credible source
more than two weeks ago. JU" the bill had been
matured—if the committee wre ready to report—
there would be so much labor oft' their hands, and
he, for one, could see no propriety in the adoption
of a resolution authorising them to employ a
clerk. That he would say again, that if a clerk
was needed for the purpose of aiding the commit-
tee in maturing such a bill, he would make no ob-
jection. He thought that the whole country was
prepared to authorize them to incur almost any ex-
panse—to furnish any amount of force which the
committee might ask, in order to aid them in
bringing before the House a bill which would te
somewhat in accordance with the prayer of the
numberless petitions which had been poured-in
upon this House from every section of the coun-
try. The country is demanding postage reform,
and reform the j^ople will have, substantially as
they have so numerously petitioned; and though
there could be no great necessity that the commit-
tee should have a clerk, he would raise no objec-
tion, could he be assurred that it would facilitate
the action of the committee in reporting a proper
bill.
In compliance with the pledge which he had
given to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] he (Mr. C.) would now renew the mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. POTTER appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. CONGER said, it was not within his option
to do so. He had made the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, in accordance with a pledge
lvhich he had himself given to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones ]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move to
lay the resolution on the table?
Mr. CONGER. 1 am under obligations to do so.
Mr. POTTER appealed to Mr. Jones to autho-
rize the withrawal of the motion.
Mr. JONES assented, on the condition, he said,
that the gentleman would renew the motion.
Mr. POTTER acquiesced.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was again withdrawn.
Mr. POTTER proceeded with his remarks. He
said, that the gentleman who had just taken his
seat had referred to the action of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads upon the fcubjectof
cheap postage. The gentleman probably did not
understand all the difficulties which lay in the way
of an agreement upon the details of such a meas~
: ure. So far as the main features of the bilt were
I concerned, the committee had come to an agree-
j ment; but there were some of the details in respect
