1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1039
themselves recommended. And that convention,
thus organized and elected, elected Hugh IN'.
Smith, Esq., to present their memorial and repre-
sent them in the Congress of the United States.
The question is not, therefore, whether a gov-
ernment should be given to them upon the basis
which they themselves recommended; it is not
whether any other form of government shall be
given to them; it is not whether they are suffering
from want of government; but the question is,
whether, under such circumstances, Mr. Smith,
presenting such credentials, shall be admjtted upon
the floor on an equal footing with the delegates
from the organized territories of the United States.
Sir, a majority of the committee came to the
conclusion that Mr. Smith should not thus be ad-
mitted, and they have submitted to the Houne
and to this committee their views in regard to this
application. They have submitted several reasons
which, to my mind, have not been answered by
anything that has been advanced by the minority
of (he committee, or by anything that we have
heard from any other quarter.
The majority of the committee regarded this
application as a departure from all precedent—from
all the former usages of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, our Constitution has been in ex-
istence for a period of more than sixty years.
During that time we have had, sitting on this floor,
a lar^e number of delegates, who have come in as
consulting members from different territories, and
they have all come in on one principle. There
has been no exception to the usage of the House
in regard to this matter. No person has ever been
admitted to sit upon the floor of this House as
delegate, except his right has been secured by the
Constitution to sit here as a potential member of
the House, or unless his privilege to sit as a con-
sulting member has been granted by antecedent
law.
Mr. CARTTER desired to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennnsylvania whether he considered
that the case of the delegate from Minnesota was
not a case similar to the one now under consider-
ation ?
Mr. STRONG. By no means. I shall come to
the case of Minnesota directly. We have always,
since the existence of this Government, recognized
the existence of a right in territorial delegates to
be admitted to seats upon this floor, but not a right
to vote. They are not known to the Constitution;
but there is noihmg in that instrument which pro-
hibits the election of such delegates, or prevents
them from being admitted to seats after being
so elected. But I contend, that in all the past his-
tory of the Government, no persons have been
admitted as delegates from territories, for whose
election antecedent provision has not been made
by law. The first case was that of a delegate
from the territory northwest of the Ohio. Un-
der the ordinance of 1787, provision was made
that when that territory should become entitled
to a territorial legislature, it might elect a dele-
gate who should be entitled to a seat on the floor
of the House, but who should not be permitted to
vote; and after the Constitution was adopted, at the
very first session of Congress that was thereafter
held, the ordinance of 1787 was affirmed by an
act of Congress. And under that act, one came,
and continued to occupy a seat in the House of Rep-
resentatives as Ions; as any part of the country re-
mained in a territorial condition. And so, since
that time, as territorial governments have been
formed, before any delegate has been admitted to a
seat upon this floor, provision has been made by
law for the election of a delegate from the territory
as an organized territory—as a territory with an
existing government, a government subordinate to
our Constitution and our laws; and nobody has
ever held a seat on this floor, who has not come in
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States.
Dm, sir, if Mr. Smith is admitted to a seat in
this Hall, he comes in, notas a constitutional del-
egate, for the Constitution makes no provision in
regaid to it; not as a territorial delegate, because
there is no territorial organization in existence in
New Mexico; not under the authority of law, for
there is no law there providing for the election of
a delegate; but he will come m in violation of all
past usage of this House, and, in my opinion, in
violation of the policy by which we ought to be
governed.
But it may be said, sir, and it is said in the re-
port of the minority, that there is no constitu-
tional prohibition against the admission of such
delegates, i concede it. The argument is not
that his admission would be unconstitutional, but
that it would be in violation of a principle—a vio-
lation of the usage of Congress in past years. It
is said that this is an appeal to the discretion of
the House. X admit it, sir. Mr. Smith does
not claim his seat here as a matter of right, for
it is clear that he has no right to such seat, se-
cured to him by the Constitution, or by the law.
But, on the contrary, the question is, whether it
would be sound discretion on the part of the
House to admit such delegate to his seat, in defi-
ance of precedent and the past usage of this
House. I am one of those, Mr. Chairman, who
have been accustomed to bow with great defer-
ence to former precedents. And while, sir, I am
not opposed to making improvement—while 1 am
not opposed to progress—while I am not opposed
to innovation when 1 can see a clear and decided
reason for innovation, or progress—yet the habits
of my life have taught me that it is generally most
safe to be guided by the usage of past years. I
feel the force, sir, of legislative precedents—1
mean their moral force, I do not say their obliga-
tory force—1 feel the moral force of past prece-
dents and past usages; and I must be permitted to
say that this committee ought to be well satisfied
that there is a case presented to them that imperi-
ously calls for innovation upon past usage, Before
they make that innovation which they are called
upon to make m admitting Mr. Smith to a seat on
this floor.
1 have said that, is our past history, no such
case is presented. We all know that Oregon
formed a provisional government. We all remem-
ber that, in consequence of the delay of Congress
in forming a territorial government for her, she
formed one for hertelf. She made a territorial
government defaclo', but that government was not
subordinate to the Constitution of the United States.
It was without constitutional sanction,and yet,sir,
notwithstanding she had organized a government
for herself, and put it in operation, it never was
claimed, and certainly no one supposed that the
delegate from that territory was entitled to a seat
upon the floor of this House in consequence of
the organization of such territorial government by
the people. Undoubtedly the case of Oregon was
far stronger than the case now presented. Why,
the Territory of Oregon was our first acquisition
on the Pacific—it was further removed from us
than is the Territory of New Mexico. It was a
Territory fully as much exposed to the incursions of
the Indians; it was a Territory which needed, fully
as much as New Mexico, territorial organization,
an established government. The people found it
necessary to establish one for themselves; yet they
did not ask—they did not obtain the privilege of
having a territorial representative on the floor of the
House until Congress had organized for them a ter-
ritorial government, and provided by law for the
admission of a delegate from that territory. So, sir,
with the territory of Florida, which we acquired
by purchase from Spain. When we purchased it,
it possessed a political organization; yet, until
that territory was organized as a territory of the
United States—until we had created a territorial
government for her—until we had given her a ter-
ritorial organization, no delegate was admitted
from the Territory of Florida to a seat in this
House. And I am not aware that the request was
made of us to admit a delegate here, although
Florida, IKe New Mexico, had an existing politi-
cal organization before its cession to the United
States. But it is supposed—and the question
was put to me by my friend from Ohio a short
time since, whether the case of Minnesota is an
exception ? 1 apprehend not.
Mr. Chairman, 1 am one of those individuals
who voted against the admission of a delegate
from Minnesota—or rather from Wisconsin. But
I voted against it, not on the giound upon which 1
stand in opposition to the admission of Mr.
Smith to-day. Mr. Sibley was admitted as a
delegate on the floor of this House on account of
a territorial oiganization. The committee who
reported the resolution giving him his seat, based
their resolution—and I admit that the ground is
tenable—on the giound that by the creation of the
State of Wisconsin out of a part of that territory,
the whole territory was not extinguished ; but
that that portion of it which was not em-
braced in the State organization, remained irr
its territorial condition. And I may be per^
mitted to say, that nobody supposed that the
delegate was to be admitted upon "airy . other
ground than that of a territorial organization in
existence there, created antecedently by Con-
gress, providing by law for the admission of a
delegate on this flooj. Without this, there would
have been no pretence for his admission. Why,
if I reccollect correctly, there were but about 4,000
inhabitants at that time in the Territory of M inne-
sota—a population altogether too small to- indaee
the House to admit, at its discretion, unless that
delegate came clothed with power derived from
a regularly organized government.
I contend, then, that Minnesota is no exception
to the remaik I have made—that no delegate was
ever admitted to a seat on the floor of this House
unless provision had been made by law ante-
cedent for his election and admission here. Well,
sir, in the case of New Mexico, or in the case of
the application of Mr. Smith, no such territorial
organization has been made. It is not so strong a
case as that of Oregon; because, in Oregon there
was a government in fact. Here there is no gov-
ernment, either in law or in fact; for the conven-
tion that met there in August last, did not organ-
ize a government. They made no provision for
tne organization of a government. All that they
did was, to lay down certain principles as a basis
upon which they desired Congress to form a gov-
ernment'for them. Mr. Smith then does not
come delegated from any territorial organization
existing there, either in fact or by law.
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to deny that there is a gov-
ernment defaclo at present existing in the territory
of New Mexico, and exercising authority on the
eastern side of the Rio Grande? 1 wish to know
if the honorable gentleman desires to be under-
stood as denying that there is a government there
de facto at this moment?
Mr. STRONG. I am not aware that thereis
'any governmenfexisting on the eastern or western
side of the Rio Grande within the territory of New
Mexico, by law or in fact, except a military gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOUSTON. What does the gentleman
mean by military government? Is it a govern-
ment that is purely exercising military power, or
is it a government exercising civil power? Is it
not a government de facto ?
Mr. STRONG. 1 do not undertake to say how
far the military commander there is exercising
civil power. 1 take it for granted, I am bound to
take it for granted, that the President of the United
States, as the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
of the United States, is not usurping civil power
in New Mexico. 1 know that neither the Presi-
dent of the United States by virtue of his military
authority, nor any person whom he may choose
to send there as a military commander, has power
to exercise any civil authority.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wquld merely ask the hon-
orable gentleman whether there is a government
de facto—not as to constitutionality—whether there-
is a government exercising civil powers on the
eastern bank of the Rio Grande r
Mr. STRONG. I desire to be understood as
denying in toio that there is any civil government
existing on the eastern bank of the Rio Grande in
New Mexico, either in fact or by law. I know
nothing about any military government there, but
if there be, 1 ask whether the delegate who now
comes and asks a seat on the floor of this House
was elected under this military government? Is
there any pretence that he ccynea under the author-
ity of that military government, if there be any
such military government there?
Mr. HOUSTON. As I understand it, the dele-
gate from New Mexico, who presents himself for
a seat in this House, is not the representative of
any government there. He is the representative
of the people of the territory.
Mr. STRONG. So 1 understand, sir; and I will
come to the consideration of that part of the ques-
tion presently. Then it seems to he conceded by
the honorable gentleman that he comes here as,
the representative of no government—for there is
no government there, in fact or by law—bat as
the representative of the people residing there.
! Well, that certainly is a novel idea in this Govern-
ment. Where ia the delegate who has ever taken
| his seat on the floor of this House, as the repre-
