THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Sessiok,
SATURDAY, MAY 25, 1850.
New Series.... No. 66.
admitted? It is !>y virtue of an election. Elec- i
tion ! By whom > By the people on the east and
on the west side of the Rio Grande. He repre-
sents those living on the east, as well as those
living on the west side of that river. How, then,
can it be said that he can be admitted as a dele-
gate from the western portion of New Mexico,
without interfering with this dispute between j
Texas and the people residing in that portion of j
the country? if admitted at alf, he must be ad- .
milled to represent all—those living in the dis- j
puled territory, east of the river, as well as those .
iivtnsr west of the river !
I have extended these remarks much further |
than I intended to do. I did not suppose, until !
very recently, that there would be anv dispute or ;
question as to the impropriety of admitling this \
delegate to a seat. I believe that such admission i
would he. complicating the difficulty in regard to j
the Texas boundary. And while I would express ,
no opinion in regard to that,and desire the House
toexriiess none, 1 do not desire to complicate the ;
question more than it is now complicated. I be-
lieve that at this 'ime, especially, a depariure from
the established usage of the Government should
not be made. I believe that it would be unwise.
This is not the time to establish such a precedent,
and in every point of view in which the commit-
tee were enabled to look at this question, they
were of opinion that Mr. Smith should not be per-
mitted to occupy a seat here, but that he should
be remanded until a government be provided for
the territory,and provision made for its represent-
ation hire, in accordance with the usages of the
Government under thfc Constitution.
[the census.
Messrs. WILDRICK and DICKEY, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, respectively reported
that the committee had found correctly enrolled
certain bills, which received the signature of the
Speaker, among which was the Census Bill.]
Mr. McGAUGHEY next obtained the floor,
and yielded -
To a motion that the committee rise, which pre-
vailing;,
The committee rose and reported progress.
order of debate.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, that
some ten days since, the House had determined
upon the close of the debate upon the California
question on the second Tuesday in June. It
must now be evident to the House, that if this
report of the Committee of Elections were to
continue before the House, it would preclude al!
debate upon the California question. He had no
idea that the majority, when they fixed the day
to close the debate, intended to cut off debate
upon that question. At that time he had, as the
House would remember, lisen and asked if there
were not intermediate special orders, which con-
tinued from day to day until disposed of. It was
perfectly evident, from the speech made by the
chairman, [Mr. Strong,] that this order would
preclude debate upon the California question for
the balance of this week, and there was an order
relative to territorial business for two days next
week- It would thus, if these orders were con-
sidered at the times which had been appointed for
them, be almost impossible to have any more de-
bate on the California question before the day ar-
rived which had been fixed for the close of the
debate. He hoped, therefore, as there was no
pressing necessity for the consideration and dis-
position of the special order wh'ch they had had
before them to-day, that it would be postponed to
some day—say the Tuesday aiter the California
debate closed. He hoped the majority who had
jnaisted upon fixing a day for closing the debate
on the California question would not he so unjust
as to allow all the intermediate time to be con-
sumed upon other subjects, and further debate to
be cut off, and gentlemen who, as yet, had bad
no opportunity of delivering their speeches ex-
cluded from the privilege entirely, while many of
the majority, who had agreed to terminate the de-
bate, had themselves spoken.
t>8
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi submit any motion ?
Mr.THOMPSON. 1 move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this special order until the
third Tuesday in June.
Mr.. JONES. If it is so postponed, will it be
the special order for that day?
The SPEAKER. It will be the special order
of that day, and from day to day until it is dis-
posed of.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether the order to
terminate debate on the California question could
not be postponed as well as this special order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it could not he by a majority; but the majority can
postpone the further consideration of this special
order.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, reminded the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] that th
third Tuesday in June was already fixed for th
' consideration of a special order—tin bounty land
; bill, and asked the gentleman to designate some
! other time, so as not to interfere with that special
! order.
1 Mr. THOMPSON said, he was willing to
! change the time, and move any day which should
meet the views of the House.
Mr. CARTTER saw no necessity for postpon-
ing the consideration of this bill. The reason
assigned by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson.] was, that a time was designated for
ihe close of the debate on the California bill. He
(Mr. C.) did not understand, as the gentleman
seemed to, that the closing of the debate upon that
i; particular message was the closing of the debate
;l upon the slavery question. That message and
bill was onlv one of the measures involving that
question. He looked upon it as only the begin-
ning of the discuss'on; he considered that they
were now only beginning to approach the reanty
of the slavery question, when speeches would
probably be made for the House instead of for
Buncombe; for the Lord knew that upon the Cali-
■ fornia message they had had one continued tide
i of speeches for home consumption—that they
!: had had enough of them of the most irritating
li character, and but very few of any other com-
:i plexion since Congress assembled.
li The SPEAKER interposed, and stated that de-
bate was not in order upon the motion to postpone.
■ j Mr THOMPSON said he was indifferent as
,! to the'day; but at the suggestion of several gentle-
:! men, he would change the time, and moved that
'I the special order be postponed until the first lues-
'! day in July. ,
| The question was taken, and the motion was
i1 agreed to. ®
i DELEGATES NEW MEXICO AND DESERET.
i; So the further consideration of the special order
: relative to the reports of the Committee of Elec-
; tions, upon the admission of the Delegates from
j New Mexico and Utah, was postponed until the
J fiist Tuesday in July. ....
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired what would be
the effect of the postponemenit—j"heth^
would come up as a special order at the day des-
ignated, and so continue, from day to day until
diposed of? ... ~
The SPEAKER replied m the affirmauve.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to re-
consider the vote upon the postponement, and to
lav that motion on the t ble.
'The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS.
Mr. JONES made an effort to take up^ for con-
sideration, the only bill remaining on the bpeaker s
table, being a bill explanatory of various acts
granting: pensions.
After some conversation, .
Pending the motion to proceed to business on
the Speaker's table,
On motion, the House adjourned.
t PETITIONS, &c.'
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. INGE; The petition of James M. Wilson and
others, praying the establishment of a mail route from Fay-
ette cnurt-lmiisp, Alabama, to Ciossviil*:.
I'y Mr. JOHNSON1,of Tennessee: The petition of James
Simmon*, of Greene county, Tennessee, praying Congress
to {.'rant him a bark opinion.
Bv Mr. FUEEDLEY : The petition of J. A. Pennvpaeker
and 90 others, citizens of Durham, Backs county, Pennsyl-
vania, for adiiiiKtnal duty on imported iron, See., and for
protection to domestic labor. *
By Mr. JACKSON, of New York: The petition of E. L.
Adams, H. Wagenpr,a«d 151 others,ciuzensof
Yates county, New York, praying that California be admit-
ted into the Union as a State, independent of any other
rftfa«ure; and that the remainder of the territory lately ac-
quired b\ treaty with MexK-o remain under the M' X'can
laws, until they are prepared to o uanize State governments
and ask to b*> admitted imo the Union a« States.
By Mr. BOOTH : The petition of the Chamber of Com
meree, in New Haven, in the State ot Connecticut, praying
foi the removal ol a rock at the entrance ol the iniibor, and
for the erection of a beacon.
Bv Mr. HENRY: The petition of Liland Howard, John
A. Kicks. j3. Aikin. and 44 other citizens of Rutland, Rut-
land county, Vermont, thnt slavery and the slave trade may
he prohibited by law in all the territories of the United
Also, the petition of the same, and 43 other citizens of tbe-
<=ame place, that persons claimed as fugitive slaves way be
entitled to a triai bv jury.
Also, the petition of the same persons, that slavery be
prohibited and abolished m the District of Columbia, or the
«eat of the General Government be removed theretrom.
AUo, be petition of the same, that no State be hereafter
admitted into tbe Cnton, the constitution of which does not
expressly prohibit*- slavery.
By Mr. CHANDLER.: The petition of Stephen Simp=on,
«on, and one of the heirs of the late George Simpson, at-kmsT
for compensation for services rendered to the Government
by his father
By Mr. PHOENIX: The petition of Alexander Hammett,
American Consul at Naples, to be remunerated for services
rendered bv him while acting charc6 d'affaires.
: Al-*n, the memori.il of the underwriters and merchants ot
the city of New York, in favor of additional light-houses on
the coast of Florida an l other exposed situations.
; IN SENATE.
! Wednesday, May £2, 1850.
I The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
I a communication from ihe Department of State,
! made in compliance with a resolution of the 9tH
I instant, calling for information as to what stepa
i had been taken upon the memorial of the admitl-
' istratorof and the attorney for the heirs of General
! Thaddeus Kosciusko, against Alexander de Bo-
; disco, Minister from Russia, accredited to this
' Government.  , . ,
On motion by Mr. W A.iLKER,that it lie on the
■ table and be printed, the communication was or-
ij dered to lie on the table, and the motion to print
i was referred to the Committee on Printing.
J A message was received from the President of
. the United States, transmitting copies of corre-
1 spondenee between the Executive Departrctent ana
r General Persifer Smith and Brigadier General
: Riley, respecting the transactions of the convention
in California, and ail the correspondence on file in
the department. .
The document was ordered to be printed; but
afterwards that motion was reconsidered, on a sug-
gestion by Mr. Yclee, who stated that a letter
accompanying the document was marked private
and confidential.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a copy of the proceedings of a public meeting of
citizens of Newport, in the State of Pennsylvania,
in favor of granting bounty lands to the officers
and soldiers of the last war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
A MrT'sEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Salem, New York, asking that a Government
vessel may be employed to convey delegates from
the United States to Frankfort, m Germany;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
A Mr!" WEBSTER presented the petition of Silas
L. Lootnis, asking compensation for work done
on the Cumberland road; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims. ,
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial ot citizens
