1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
order of the day, as the hour for its consideration
his arrived, I therefore move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row, at half-past twelve o'clock, and that it bs
made the sp-ecial order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL-.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the special order, being: the bill to admit Califor-
nia as a State into the Union, to establish Territo-
rial Governments for Utah and New Mexico, and
making proposals to Texas for the establishment
of her western and northern boundaries.
Mr. UPBAM. Mr. President, when I rose
yesterday I stated that I did not propose to offer
any remarks on the question then pending before
the Senate, because 1 had been confined to my
chamber two months by severe indisposition, and
had not gained sufficient strength for such an un-
dertaking./ And 1 stated, also, that I rose sim-
ply for the purpose of correcting a mistake which
had been made by the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, in'regard to the constitution of the
S'ate of Vermont. When the honorable Senator
alluded to a sister State whose constitution tolera-
ted a system of peonage, that is, slavery for
debt, I did not nonce that he alluded to the
State of Vermont.. iVIy attention at the time was
directed to another quarter, and f did not know
that he alluded to the State of Vermont until I
was so informed by a friend. Had i known it at
the time, I should have risen a d begged the Sena-
tor to yield the floor, so that I might have correct-
ed the mistake. In the course of his remarks on
slavery in Mexico, he alluded to the system of
peonage, which, as I understand it, compels the
debtor to serve his creditor until his debt is paid;
arid, if it is not paid in his lifetime, his childten
arid children's children are held to service until the
debt is discharged. The creditor, however, takes
good care that the debt is not discharged during
the debtor's lifetime, nor that of his posterity, i
understood him also to say that in Vermont the
constitution of that State auihonzed this practice,
and in support of this oosition he read the first ar-
ticle of the bill of rights in the constitution of the
Suite of Vermont, which is as follows:
"that al! iiipii are born equally free and independent,
and huve nutnr.d, inherent, ami mahennblo rial t>,
amongst which are tite.enj jyuia ami defending lite and lib-
erty, acquiring. posMWs.ui:;, and pioti etin  property, and
ptu*uing and obtaining bappinns-s and saMy. Therefore
no male, per-on, born in tin* country, i>i biouuht from over
sea, outfit to be holdun by law to  crvt any per>on as a ser-
vant, slave, or apprentice, alter h« amves at the age of
twenty-one year*; nor ii'male in like manner after she ar-
rive,* at the age of eighteen yew, unless they arc bound
by their own consent aker they arrive at >-ueh age, or bound
by f.nv t«>r ihe payment of debts, damages, hues, costs, or
the like."
The honorable Senator contended that this sec-
tion fully established the fact ihat slavery was
s istamed there for the payment of debts. I can
inform him, however, that no such system was
ever established in the State of Vermont. The
first constitution of Vermont was established in the
year 1777, arid the government was conducted un-
der that constitution for sixteen years. During that
period sundry laws were passed punishing slight
offences wtth fines. Some of these lines were re-
coverable by action of debt, the money so recov-
ered paid into the town treasury, on- the statute,
and the others were prosecuted by way of infoi rel-
ation and indictment, for the purpose, of collecting
the fine; and the law authorized the magistrate be-
fore whom the offender was brought and convicted,
if he had no means of paying the debts, damages,
or Site, instead of committing him to jail, to^as-
sign him to the service of the person who would
pay the amount of the debt, or fine and costs, for
the shortest period of service. ^Thss Jaw was in
force when the constitution of XI93 was adopted.
There were then some instances in wh>ch the re-
spondents, being unable to pay penalties thus im-
posed, were assigned to the service of persons
who came forward and paid the amounts recoveied '
for certain periods of service. These laws, how- I
ever, so far as they relate to the assignment of i
persons to service, have long ago been'repealed, i
Lavvsof this character have, I believe, existed in i
nearly all the States of the Union. ■
Now, siry this section declares that no person
ou^-ht to be bound by law to service after he ar-
rives to the age of twenty-one years, and no fe-
male after she arrives to the age of eighteen years
unless by virtue of a voluntary contract entered j
into by them after their arrival at lawful age to |
contract for themselves. By that section, then, j
all the males are emancipated at twenty-one years j
of age, and the females at the age of eighteen !
years. After they arrive at their majority, they I
rmy enter into voluntary contracts to serve, and j
when they make such contracts they ate bound by ;
law to perform them. But if they neglect to serve i
according to their contracts, the only remedy for j
the parties aggrieved is suits at law to recover dam- j
ages for the injuries sustained by breaking off the ;
agreements. i
The term "slave" is used in this section. The i
Congress of 1790 shows seventeen slaves in Ver- j
mnnt, and at the adoption of the constitution of |
Vermont in 1793 there were probably in the State 1
some few slaves, and the object was their eraanci- -t
pation. ^ i
Sir, it appears that the Senator from Louisiana !
has made this discovery after the Government of '
j Vermont has been in existence for nearly sixty j
| years under her present constitution. But, sir, I j
; have made a discovery which will doubtless be as -
j new and startling to the people of Louisiana as j
! the discovery made by the honorable Senator from i
i Louisiana will be to the people of Vermont. I :
| have discovered that the fundamental law of Lou- j
; isiana makes her a free State. I find in her con- :
I stitution the following declaration: !
I " That in order to secure to all the citizens thereof ihe j
enjoyment of the nc!it<? of life, liberty, and property, [they, '
ihe people of Louisiana] do ordain an-f establish the follow- I
inn oont-titun n or form of government, and do mutually !
a-jree with each other to form our-efvps into a free and in- t
dependenUState, by the namfe of the Slate of Louwana." j
Yes, sir, to secure the rights of life, liberty, and
property, the people of Louisiana adopted their
constitution, and mutually agreed to establish a
free and independent State. The word slave, or
slavery, is not mentioned in her constitution from
the beginning to the end of it; arid still, more than
forty-four per cent, of her population are slaves.
1 do not desire to detain the Senate further on
the present occasion. I merely wished to explain
this article of the constitution of Vermont, and the
laws which were subsequently framed under it. '
And I say again, that no constitution or other law
ever existed in Vermont tolerating slavery for debt;
but that, on the contrary, those laws applied only
'to persons convicted of offences against the laws, j
and were intended not so much for the recovery of !
the penalties inflicted,as to operate as a wholesome
example, and to prevent the necessity of resorting
to imprisonment as a check upon vice. There
were manv instances in which men would be guilty
ofbght offences, punishable, perhaps, by a fine of
ten or fifteen dollars; and rather than imprison
such criminals, and thereby exclude them forever
from society, the law says to them, "you rnay pay
the penalty imposed for your delinquency by your
labor—vou may go and work for the individual
who will pay the amount adjudged against you
for the shortest term of service." The Senator
from Louisiana, m his address yesterday, made
allusion to the Vermont resolutions. In relation to
those resolutions I shall not say anything on the
present occasion; but when i have sufficient
strength, which I hope I shall have in a few days,
and when i come to discuss the general question
now before the Senate, I may have something to
say in regard to those resolutions.
Mr. SOULE. I am truly surprised, Mr. Presi-
dent, at the extreme sensitiveness shown by the j
honorable Senator from Vermont on the occasion 1
of the remark casually made by me yesterday. It ;
never entered my mind to say anything disrespect- !
ful of that State. I was, in the course of my argu- i
ment yesterday, taking into consideration the state.!
of slavery prevailing in Mexico under the Mexi-"!
can law; and while I was thus commenting on that '
state of things—discovering, from the position that ,
had been assumed by some members of the Senate 1
we would be driven to the conclusion that, while
an African could not be reduced to bondage in !!
Mexico, an American citizen might become the i
peon of a Mexican—and I thought I discovered in j;
the Senate such an evidence of deep feeling on the !|
subject that I endeavored to relieve the Republic of ji
Mexico from the opprobrium which the existence ij
of such legislation might have been calculated to if
throw upon her; and, in order to exemplify what f,
I then intended to convey to the Senate, I took j!
occasion to remark, not that peonage existed in l!
Vermont, but that in Vermont, which had shown
herself so very anxious about lecturing the South
upon her institutions, there prevailed a state of
things in many respects as little commendable as
this State of things which- prevailed in Mexico,
I hope, therefore, that \ shall be exonorntedfrom the
reproach of having intended anything unkind to
the State of Vermont. On- the contrary, my object
was to relieve Mexico.
But, sir, have I been unjust towards Vermont?
Unless I have rnisundeistood the gentleman, h-e
admits what f stated yesterday; and truly, sir, it
was a difficult task for him to deny that what I
stated to be the law of Vermont was not so. The
practice to which he has alluded may in some re-
spects have weakened the effect of the constitutional
provision to .which 1 have alluded, but it has not
eradicated the instrument. There it stands yet,
in bold relief, possessing a power which, if not
exerted yesterday, may he exerted to-morrow.
There is the power to which \ yesterday alluded.
But the gentleman seems to be quite at his ease
on this subject, because, forsooth, lie has discov-
ered that, although there is an obnoxious provis-
ion in the constitution of Vermont, there is no
such provision in the constitution of the State of
Louisiana. Sir, \ had not expected to hear any-
thing in the shape of reproaeh, because in the con-
stitution of Louisiana were to be found principles
laid down which J had expected would meet with
the entire concurrence of the Senator from Ver-
mont. What does he complain of? That the
people of Louisiana actually organized that State
as they pleased ! Mr. President,it appears to me
that the Senator from Vermont should he the last
to recriminate against the constitution of Louisiana
, on that account; hut he has no sooner indulged in
,, that recrimination than he complains that slavery
! exists there; so that he makes the St-ne of Lou-
isiana both a slaveholding and a free State. I
hope, therefore, that the State of Louisiana, being
both a slave State and a free State, may be wel-
come to all parties in this Hall, and that she may
not be expeeted to be in difficulties either with
honorable Senators from the free States or with
those representing the southern States. [A laugh.|
I supposed, however, that tho*e who framed the
constitution of Louisiana framed it upon the feel-
ing that they might be considered as forming a
part of the population inhabiting that State who
could not be confounded with the other portion
who might be affected by that declaration in the
constitution of Louisiana. The constitution wast
not framed by the blacks*, it was framed by white
men—by free men; and when they declaied tha&
ihey had organized themselves into a free govern-
ment, they could discover no incongruity between
that declaration and the fact that slavery existed
there. Slavery did not exist there as to them ; it
is not an institution under the constitution, but one
only which the constitution silently suffers. Sir,
we have disavowed again and again the very fact
that it is possible to find a law which creates
slavery. It is a social institution. Constitutions
in some instances may sanction it, but in most in-
stances it is silently permitted. It is a social insti-
tution, which of itself is incapable of being ex-
erted into action with the instituting power to
which I was alluding yesterday, and which only
had afforded it security and protection.
But the honorable gentleman from Vermont is
still mistaken; he is clearly in darkness as to the
constitutional history of Louisiana. The consti-
tution from which he has read has ceased to be the
constitution of Louisiana; and therefore he wiU
admit that he was in error. He would have found
by referring to the constitution of 3845 ihat the
error of which he complains has been corrected;
so that upon all grounds i hope he will exonerate
rne fiom the reproach of intending any thing un-
kind in relation to Vermont.
Mr. UPHAM. I assure the honorable Senator
from Louisianathat I intended no disrespect to the
State of Louisiana, and was glad to learn that her
constitution had been drawn up by the fieeand
independent people of that State, and that her gov-
ernment was a free and independent government.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President-
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator from Louisiana
will allow me to interrupt him for a few moments,
I think I have an amendment which will meet his
views upon the particular amendment now before
the Senate. I believe the amendment I am about
to offer is acceptable to Senators on all sides of the
