1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
Chamber. X propose, instead of the amendment
offered by the Senatorfrom Mississippi, to amend
•tfre tenth section -thus-: To strike out the words
in respect to,1' end insert to introduce or ex-
clude so that that part of the section would then
*ead:
"That <h<> lecrMative power of said territory riiali extend
to all rmhttul -ut.ipotv on^gMation con«iste.m wnii the Cojh
#lituuoit (>1 the United States and the provisions o( this act;
font no law shall he pa-sed iuterfemig with the primary
•dw-p^al of the mm!, iwr to introduce or exclude African
■slavery."
1 propose further, after the wor4 14 slavery," to
insert the following:
'• Provided, That nothing herein contained shall he con-
strued to prevent said terntorial legislature pacing su< h .
1aw> as may t>e tifr-cesfary (or ih«* pjoleclion-of the right* of !
^rop^rtyofany kind winch may liave been or may be hereat- j
ter l.iwt'uUy introduced into ban! terntory." ~ ;
So that the section wiil provide that we have I
4io power to pass any jaw either to introduce or j
exclude African slavery. I believe this amend- !
merit will meet with the approbation of those ;
who are disposed to suoport the bill. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment |
is not now m order. j
Mr. DAVIS,-of Mississippi. On a former oc.ca- j
«ion I changed the language of rny amendmenttoac- ;
commodate it to others because it was not the terms, i
but the ught that i was struggling for. So now |
1 wiil modify the phraseology of my own amend-
ment, or accept that of the Senator from Maryland,
if it beprefened, with the utmost pleasure, because
I believe it means as much or more, and leads us
io the same end. The second part of his amend-
ment covers the proposition which forms the whofe
of mine; about the first pari, 1 am quite indifferent.
As a plain-dealing man, I have been somewhat sur- j
prised that in arguing this amendment, it has been I
treated as though it was decisive of constitutional !
right. Theie is nothing of the kind in its language, |
and I stated again and ai?ain that I denied to Con-
gress the power to decide what our constitutional
rights w-er*, instead of asking that they should be .
extended. I have resisted the pretension that they 1
^ould be measured by acts of Congress or of the
territorial legislature. The amendment I offered ^
had no reference to the extent or nature of, but to j
protection for our consiifutional rights, arul wasdi-i
xected wholly to properly which reached the terri- i
tory under the-right we iiave to participate in the i
enjoyment of the common domain of the United '
Suaes. Notwithstanding! have stated this repeat-
edly, and noisy ith&tanding the language is so very :
explicit thu.t nothing contained in this amendment <
would seem to be subject to misconception, its
whole meaning has been perverted. Words are :
torn Aom the context and transferred to a connec-
tion not thetr own. The assertion of a fact has ,
•been presented by substituting the word "slave" <
wher-e the word "owner" was placed; and an ar-
gument based upon this species of cross reading,
instead ot a literal construction of the language in !
us natural order. It has been from this aigued
that the ooject of my amendment was to introduce ;
slaves into the territory. It never was. It was ■
only to strike from the bill, as it was introduced, j
an odious feature, which, by special discrimination (
against slavery, restricted the legislature from ,
giving that protection to slave property which they ,
were authorized and expected to give to all other j
property. That being my object, I used woids 1
which seemed to me plainly to express it. But 1 !
am entirely willing to adopt any language which j
is moie acceptable to others, and which will have ;
the same effect. If any shrink from mere words, j-
who are nevertheless disposed to provide for the ,
interests i wish to protect, i surely will not retain ,
or insist on an obstacle so very unimportant to me.
If any are fearful lest they be inconsistent as to
phrases, or are striving; for a victory in words, 1
wish to show that 1 am not of them.^ Having -
reason to behev« that the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Maryland wiU relieve some from such '
position, and secure my object, I accept it.
Mr. DOWNS then proceeded to address the
Senate, and continued his remaiks for an hour and ,
a half. They are withheld for revision, and will .
appear in the Appendix.
.Mr. SOULE having obtained the floor, observed ,
that U would take him some time to reply to the
remarks of his colleague, and he therefore moved
that tne further considetauon of the subject be post-
poned until to-morrow, and be the special order for '
that day at one o'clock. 1
] The motion was agreed to, «
j On motion by Mr. KING, the Senate then pro-
| ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
j and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
i reopened, and then, on motion,
j The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jllay 23, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
! Mr. MEADE rose to a correction of the Jour-
! nal. He said the Journal stated that he had yes-
terday reported, from the Committee on the Judi-
riarv, the bill in relation to the district courts of
Florida, without amendment. He had reported
! an amendment.
! The Journal was corrected to state the fact, and,
' as corrected, was approved.
j TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS*
i Mr WATKINS asked and obtained leave to
l introduce a bill", of which he had given previous
! notice, entitled " A bill for the relief of certain
| Tennessee volunteers;" which was twice read, and
j referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I THE FRONTIER.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
; ness, and gave notice that he should insist upon it,
1 and object to business out of order, as he wished
  to report back from the Committee on Military
! Affairs the bill looking to the defence of the fron-
tier, by the increase of the rank and file of the
. army."
: MAILS NEW ORLEANS AND VERA CRUZ.
j The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
! order was the motion made by the gentleman
j from Louisiana, [Mr. Conrad,] to reconsider the
! vote by which the House had referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Ofnce and Post Roads the bill
reported by thatgentleman from the Committee on
Commerce, providing for the establishment of a
line of mail steamers between New Orleans and
Vera Cruz. j!
Mr. STRONG was entitled to the floor, but was i!
not in his seat at the moment. 1 
i Mr. PRESTON KING rose and demanded the j
previous question. l!
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to lay the motion to j
reconsider on the table. j.
Mr. WENT WORTH suggested, as the gentle- ;■
man who was entitled to the floor was absent, that f;
this motion be allowed to pass over informally. j<
Mr. POTTER said he understood thegentleman 1
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stroxg] did not intend 1(
to discuss the question, but that he had yesterday ;
obtained the floor for another purpose.
He moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table. ;
Mr. WENTWORTH renewed his suggestion,
that the bill be passed over informally—stating,
that he had never known a bill disposed of when
thegentleman having the floor happened to be tem-
porarily absent. >
Mr. KAUFMAN said, he had no objection to
passing the subject informally, and modified his .
motion so as to postpone the further consideration
of the subject till to-morrow morning. |
Mr. POTTER was understood to waive his i\
motion to lay on the table. j{
Mr. JONES renewed the motion to lay on the
' table.
The question was taken, and the vote stood— ,
ayes-60, noes 50—no quorum.
'Mr. CONRAD said, he hoped the gentleman
would withdraw the motion and allow the subject
to lie over.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
del ate wa<s not in order. .!
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded,_tellers. He
said he wished the Speaker to slate the question, j
and that the House should understand that the '
gentleman who was eniiiled to the floor was ab-
sent.
The SPEAKER again stated the question, be- •
ing first on the motion to lay on the table.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Harris, of
Tennessee, and King, of Rhode island, were ap- ,i
pointed. i
The question was taken and the tellers reported ||
—ayes 66, noes 63. ••
Mr. CONRAD demanded the yeas and nays; jj
i which were oidered. |j
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas-83, navs 78.
So the motion to reconsider was laid *>n the.table.
Mr. MORTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw certain papers from the
files of the House.
Mr. BURT insisted on the regular order of
business, and said that he would object to any
business out of the regular order.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, leave was granted
to* withdraw from the files of the House the peti-
tion and papers of Margaret Williams, the next
.of kin of Captain John Williams, for a pension.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES,
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill to provide tor
the issuing of a land patent to Thomas B. Clarke;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole Houte,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. MARSHALL, the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims was discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of John
P. Smiih, the administrator of John Smith, fur one
hundred and sixty acres of bounty land; and ic
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of the heirs of Sarah
Moore for land scrip, in lieu of one hundred acres
of bounty land; which was ordered to ite on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of James P. Roan; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report on the petition of
the heirs of juhn Baptiste Valie, deceased, for the
confirmation of a grant of land m Missouri; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be primed.
THE ARMY.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom had been referred the bill from
the Senate, (No. 124,) entitled " An act to increase '
the rank and file of the army, and to encourage
enlistments," reported back the same, with an
amendment.
The SPEAKER said the amendment would be
read.
Mr. JONES moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the stale of the
Union. He said he hoped that the House did not
intend to pass a bill of this description without
giving at least some consideration to it.
The SPEAKER said, the question was on the
reference of the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT said, he hoped that the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] would
not be agreed to by the House. He desired to
say that "this was a bill for the protection of the
frontier of our country. The condition of the
frontier made it absolutely necessary that some
provision should be made for its protection. It
was the imperative duty of Congiess to make that
provision. The bill now hefoie the House au-
thorized the President of the United States, when
any company of artillery should be mounted, to
increase that company to the number of sixty-
four rank and file. It also provided that cer-
tain companies of infantry serving on the frontier,
and at remote and distant posts in the United
States, should have thrir rank and file incieased
to the number of scventy-/our; and that such
companies should be mounted, when, in the opin-
ion of the President, the defence of the frontier
should render that increase necessary. When the
exigency requiring that inciease >«hou'd have
ceased to exist, it would then be within the power
of the President, to reduce the numler to that of
the present rank and file, which was lorty-two.
It was proper that the House should understand
that, prior to the Mexican war, the rumber of the
rank and file of the companies of infantry was
foity-two. During the existence of that war,
authority had been given to increase the number
to any extent not exceeding one hundred. At the
close of the war, in the year 1848, the, numler
svas again reduced to forty-two. Allroihtwy men
were well aware that it was impotsibiS to Keep a
