1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
than thrown away. We are now, for the present
year, to pay a greater amount to support the army
and navy than for all other purposes. He knew
the people were opposed to this waste of treasure;
he was opposed to it himself, and he thought every
■ man should be opposed to it. He well recollected
the attempt to reduce the army in 1842. AH our
efforts then failed, until the then distinguished
member from Massachusetts (Mr. Adams) and
the late Postmaster General, (Mr. Johnson,) from
the two different parties, united their influence for
that purpose; it was then effected.
Our late war with Mexico had shown that our
volunteers were the most efficient troops in the
world. They left their farms and workshops,
went to Mexico, fought your battles, won your
victories—and some of them are now with us in
this hall. This should be our future course when
troops are wanted, and he trusted that this import-
ant measure was not now to be forced upon us
without the opportunity to investigate and discuss
the subject. He went for the motion to commit it
to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HARALSON said, that he agreed entirely
with the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, that some provision ought to be made for
increasing our military force on the western fron-
tier.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
give way for a moment, to enable me to offer an
amendment ?
Mr. HARALSON. I intend to occupy the
floor but a short time, and cannot consent to yield
any portion of that time. The gentleman, how-
ever, may send his amendment to the Chair.
Mr. HARRIS. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker, to
introduce an amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time. The gentleman can have his proposed
amendment read, however, for information.
The amendment was accordingly read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert.
Sec. 1. Be it eiuicted. $c., That the Prudent of the
United States be, and lie is hereby, authorized to nu>e, either
by the acceptance of volunteer-*, or enlistment (or one year,
unless sooner discharged, twelve hundied mounted rangers,
to he arm^d, equipped, mounted, and organized, in such
manner, and he under such regulations and restrictions-, as
the nature of the set vice may, in his opinion, make neces-
sary.
Sfc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each of the paid
companies of rangers shall consist of one captain, one
fir>t, <me second, and one third lieutenant, five M-rg-antf,
five cspnralf, and one hundred privates. Th^ whole to
form two battalion*., and to be commanded by a m<ij' r.
St-c. 3. Jind le it further enacted, Thai the said non-
comniifSion'-d officer® and privates shall arm and equip
tli* m>elve<s, unle-s mherwis-e ordered by the President, at.d
provide their own horses, and shall be allowed each one
doll'tr per day as a full compensation lor their service's an t
the use of their arms and hor-es. The commifHoneri offi-
cers shall receive the same pay and emolument* as officers
ol the same grade m ihe army of the United States, and
the officers ®haJl be alio.* rd forage for their horse?, and he
ermthd to'the ?ame rations as those of the same grade
in ihe arinv of the United Stales respectively.
Sec. 4 Jlndbeitfuither enccttf, That llie officers, non-
commissioned urticeif, and privates, r.u-ed pursuant to this
act, shall be entitled to the like compensation in case of
disability by won ds or otherwise inctiriedin the service.
aHia-heretofore been allowed to officers, non-rommisfioned
officer.*, and privates in the military e?tabljfhnient of the
United State-, and shall be euhje$uo the rules and articles
ol war, and-uch regulations as have been or may be estab-
lished according to law for the govemmentofihe army of ihe
Umti d States, as lar a- the same may be applicable to the
said rangers, within ihe intent and meaning o, tins act, for
the protection and defence of the western frontier of the
Unit* d Stales.
Sec. 5 Jhiri be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States, by and with Ihe advice and consent of
the Senate, is hereby authorized to appoint all the officers
proper to be appointed under the a^t. which appointment
may be made during the recess of ihe Senate, but shall be
submitted to the S- iiate at their next se-> oi  for theiradvice
and consent, and lhai '.he sum of'.^ 100,000 be, and the same
is her* bj, appropriated lor the purpose ofcairymg this act
into effect.
Mr. HOWARD (permission being granted)
sent to the Chair ihe following amendment, which,
he said, he intended to offer at the proper time:
"That the President of the United States is hereby an-
'tlinrizfri and squired to call into the service «r the United
Ptillf-, according 10 cxistme laws, two reamiefils ot mount-
ed rangers armed with rifles and Colt1* pistols; and that
the same .hall he continued in service so long a  llie public
detenee. shall require their services."
Mr. HARALSON" said, he wished it to be
distinctly understood, that he was one of those
who believed that, under the circumstances m
which the country was at present placed, an
increase of military force upon the western fron-
tier was imperatively demanded; and that we
should not be acting; properly.towards our citizens
inhabiting; that region, nor in good faith to our
obligations to the Mexican people to defend them
against the depredations of the Indians, which the
United States had pledged themselves to do, if*we
were to refuse to increase the military force in
service upon that frontier. He held that we were
under the very.highest obligations to place a force
upon the western frontier that would be ample—
entirely ample—to protect that frontier, and to
carry out in good faith our treaty stipulations
with Mexico. He did not believe that the present
military establishment of the country was suffi-
cient for this purpose, unless they were to resort,
as proposed in one of the amendments that had
been proposed to this bill, to a volunteer force.
He could not, however, yield a willing absent to
the bill now under "consideration, because he did
not think it proposed a proper means of securing
the great object which they had in view. Itgave
authority to the President of the United States to
increase the army to the extent, perhaps, of half
the present establishment; and it would increase,
if carried out tci the extent of the power that was
placed in the hands of the President, the expends
of our military establishment to more than double
the amount now required, according to the esti-
mates of the Secretary of War. He proposed, in
the first place, to state his objections to the bill as
it had been reported by the committee. He thought
it would he well that they should understand it
thoroughly, and in order that an opportunity for
understanding it might be afforded, if ought to be |
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and there 'discussed, and he ;
subject to such amendments as might be offered, j-
They would then be enabled to act upon it intelli- ,
gently. Ft was proposed that the hiP  j
Mr. BURT in'eroosing, and the floor Joeing 1
yielded to him, remarked that it was his desire ^
that the bill should be understood by the House; 'I
and, with the permission of his friend from Geor-
gia, who, as well as several oiher gentlemen, had \
suggested that the bill should be printed, in order i;
that they might examine it, he would s ate that |;
the proposition to increase the rank and file of the i
army, as contained in the bill which had been re- I
ported to the House by the Corrmittee on Mili- 1
tary Affairs, very early in the session—indeed, he j
believed it was the first bill that was reported— ■
was precisely the same as the provisions con- '
tatned in the present bill. He would ask the gen- i
tleman from Georgia if he had read the bill? j!
Mr. HARALSON said he had not read if. j!
Mr. BURT remarked, that that wou.d probably !■
be the case with many gentlemen if the bill were j
to be printed. The clause of this bill, he repeated, j
was identically the same as that which was con- i
tained in the former bill for an increase of the j
army. [
Mr. HARALSON" said it was a well-known ;
fact, in regard to documents which were printed '
for the use of the House, that they were filed ■
away in the document room, and were not called
for, except when a bill came up to be acted on in ,
Committee of the Whole; and then gentlemen, ,
with the bill before them, could propose such
amendments as they thought proper. :
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, (the floor being yield-i;
ed.) stflted that the bill had been printed by order*;
of the Senate, and it was reported to the House j|
precisely as if had passed the Senate. ,!
Mr. BURT said that this bill was identical in 1
its provisions regarding an increase of the as my,
with the bill which originated in the House at the ;
commencement of the session.
Mr. HARALSON (resuming,) said it was a well-
known fact in the history of legislation, that bills
of this description were seldom examined until j
they came to be acted upon in the House, or in i
committee. j
The objection which he had to the bill, and j
which he confessed seemed a formidable one at ;
first sight—for he had not given the matter his at- i
tention until the bill had been reported to the jj
House this morning—was, that it gave to the j.
President of the United States authority, not only j,
to increase the kind of force which he deemed to j,
be the most efficient on the western frontier, but it j;
gave him authority to increase the whole .army— j:
the infantiy, the artillery, the mounted rifles, and j;
the dragoons—the whole service, if he pleased.
And it not only proposed to give him the power to j
make this increase, but it proposed to give him  ;
authority^ mount every company in the entire
army. Were they prepared, he would ask, not
only to increase such portion of the army as it
might be necessary to employ upon the western
frontier, but to. increase the whole army to the
extent-provided for in this bill, and to give au-
thority to the President to mountjhe entire mili-
tary force of the country? The estimates which
had been made by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs would fall far below the sum
required to carry out the objects of the bill. Ths
expense of a mounted regiment would, be three
limes as great as that which would be required to,
sustain a regiment of infantry. Were they willing
to increase the expenses of this department of the
Government from seven or eight millions of dollars
to fifteen millions annually, and that, too, m a
time of profound peace, when the only occasion
for the services of a military force was to repel
the predatory incursions of the Indians?
Mr. MARSHALL.' I understand the gentle-
man from Georgia has the bill before him. i
would be sdad if he would read it.
Mr. HARALSON read the provisions of the
bill touching this point.
it would be observed, (Mr. H. proceeded to re-
mark,) that it was in the power of the President
of the United States, or of the Secretary of War,
under his direction, to transfer at any moment he
might think proper, the soldiers now stationed at
military posts along the Atlantic coast, to California
or Oregon, or to remove troops from thence to the
Atlantic coast, if he should think proper to do so.
It was within the power of the President of the
United States also, to increase every company be-
longing to our present military establishment.
He would not undertake to -say that the President
would unnecessarily exercise the power that was
proposed to be gjven by this bill; far be it from
me, continued Mr. H., to make any such insin-
uation.
But of what benefit would infantry be in a war
with Indian tribes? Station them where you wiU
all along the frontier, they would be of little or nd
real service, owing to the very nature of the incur-
sions of the Indians. Their attacks were made
under the covert of darkness—they come into the
settlements, commit murder, steal property, and
perhaps before morning are twenty miles distant.
Of what use would infantry be under circumstances
of this kind? He was well assured* that it must
strike the mind of every man at once, that, so far
as Indian warfare is concerned, infantry, efficient
as they might be on other occasions, were utterly
woithless for the defence of the frontier against
ihe Indians. There m-ght, perhaps with advan-
tage, be a few men stationed at blockhouses and
military posts, to take care of the property there,
but it would be impossible for them to follow the
Indians, or successfully to contend with them.
This service would require ijiounted troops. He
repeated that infantry were utterly worthless in a
warfare of this kind, and that the only efficient
force for such a service was a mounted foice.
There was no use, therefore, of increasing the
army, so far as iegarded infantry.
But, as he had said, he had more confidence in
the President of the United States than to believe
that he would use the power thus given to him to
increase the whole of the army. On the contiary,,
he believed he would not. But, he did not believe
that there w< s any particular wisdom in their
giving the President an opportunity of doing it.
There was no necessity for it; there was no one
who believed theie was any necessity for increas-
ing the whole army at this time, it would be suf-
ficient to increase it merely by the addition of a
mounted regimen!—the most efficient kind of
troops in the world for this mode of warfare. If
they were to do anything at ail, they ought to send
a mounted regiment.
He was willing to concede that it was necessary
that there should bean increase of force on the
western frontier; but in the name of conscience,
(said he,) let an efficient force be sent—men who
can do service, and prevent and punish the depre-
dations of the savages. Let mounted men be sent,
if any aie sent; let the military establishment be
increased in that particular branch of it; or, if they
did not think proper to do this, let a mounted regi-
ment of volunteers be sent. He confessed that fie
was one of those whose opinion regarding the
efficiency of a volunteer force had been much
changed since the events of the Mexican war.
