IOS0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Formerly, he had been opposed to the employ-
ment of volunteers, believing that it would require
months, if notyeais, to rnake them efficient sol-
diers. But his opinion in regard to that matter had
materially changed. No more efficient force was
ever sent to any warfare than was the volunteer
force raised and sent from the United States to
Mexico during; the recent war, as had been abun-
dantly shown by the events of that war.
He was opposed, also, to that provision of the
bill which authorized the giving a bounty upon en-
listment, upon the frontier, equal to the cost of the
transportation of a soldier from the Atlantic coast.
There would be a sufficient readiness to enlist,
without such bounty, on the part of those who
were best fitted for a service of that kind. When-
ever a call had been made for troops, there had
been no difficulty in procuring: them. Individuals
were ever ready to press forward, and enter into
the service, and they would readily get the sort of
men the most serviceable in warfare against the
Indians—men of energy who, though undisci-
plined, would render more efficient service than
those who were unacquainted with the habits of
the Indians. He knew the efficiency of the pres-
ent army; but he was not. one of those who be-
lieved that regulars were indispensable in warfare
against the Indians. On the contrary, he believed
that men could be procured by enlistment who
would render more efficientservice than those who
had been Ions: in the aimy. He thought this not
at all improbable.
But there was another objection to this bill; and
he wished gentlemen to consider whether it was
not a well-founded objection. It was, that there
might be, under the provisions of the bill, an in-
crease of the army to nearly double the present es-
tablishment. And in the case of the troops being:
mounted, the expense would be increased three I
times, as estimated by the Secretary of War.
The last provision of the bill was in regard to
the bounty. This he declared to be almost a re-
flection upon the patriotism of our people. He
was willing that there should be a reasonable
bounty paid, buf, he asked, how were they to es-
timate this bounty ?
Mr. RICHARDSON remarked, that, the object
was to obtain men who were accustomed, to a
force requisite at the port of Charleston or Savan-
nah. There was no necessity, he thought, for in-
creasing the regular army for service on the fron-
tier; because any number of men could be procured
in the interior of the country. He appealed to the
committee to send a mounted force; at least, so to
amend the bill so as to authorize the Piesident to
mount such force as might be sent there. He
repeated, that he was in favof of sending a force,
and he wished that force to bean efficient one. It
was a duty which we owe to our own citizens, as
well as to Mexico, to protect the frontiers against
the incursions of the Indians. He desired that
this should be done bv the employment of a force
that would be most efficient, and at the same time
not to impose an extravagant expenditure upon
the Government. He trusted that the bill would
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that it be printed.
Mr. HOWARD said: The first question which
presents itself to the House is, whether this bill
shall be acted on at the present time, or be referred
to the Committee of the Whole, and placed upon
| the calendar, where it will slumber for the remain-
der of the session. If there is any subject before
Congress which demands immediate and efficient
action, it is that of our frontier defences.
Sir, the latest advices assure us that the Indians
are down upon the settlements in force. There
has been a fight nearLoredo with the United States
troops, in which an officer of the army, Lieut, j
Hudson, was killed. j
Kvery mail brings us news of some fresh mur- j
| der or depredation. Colonel Johnson, an accom- j
I plished officeroftheTopographical Engineers,now !
1 engaged in exploring the western frontier of Tex- |
| as, writes from the jR,io Grande to a friend in this
citv, that such is the extent of these depredations I
and the boldness of the savages, that he never, j
during the whole Mexican war in Mexico, lay !
down at night in as much danger as now, on the j
western frontier within our own borders. All ac-;
counts concur in proving, that we are on the eve 1
of a general Indian war. The Indian agent in ;
Texas appointed by this Administration, has writ- i
ten here his opinion to that effect. A gallantofftcer |
of the line, distinguished in the war with Mexi- '
co, writing from the vicinity of El Paso, of the ;
ian
positively that he would call no more rangers into
service. I have strong reasons for believing that
we are indebted to the wisdom and firmness of
General Brooke for the fact that we have had four
or five companies of rangers in service for the
protection of the frontier, and that he has kept
them there against the opinion of the department.
Up to this time, the responsibility of the blood
that has been spilt upgfi the frontiers is on the
head of General Taylor in not providing, as he
had the power to do, an ample mounted force.
But hereafter the responsibility will be upon Con-
gress, or on this side of the House, if it defeats
a measure of protection. This is a subject which
will not bear delay.
And, now sir, I come to the provisions of the
bill. It is we'l known that the President is op-
frontier life. This bounty was intended to induce ,j first of January, says: "We have had no Indii
them to t^e^rmy f°r J-his service. b depredations lately; they are undoubtedly hostile I
Mr. HARALbON, (continuing.) Wh^ nottake to us. You must send a large mounted force on '
pome certain amount of bounty, and not put it in || this frontier. . Infantry are of little use, save for j
the power of the recruiting officer to determine jj the moral effect of the presence of troops. You I
what the amount should be ? He was willing, as i: may lay it down as an axiom, that the Indians on
lie Iwd just remarked, that a reasonable bounty
should be paid; but he was unwilling to give au-
thority to anybody, to recruiting officers, paymas-
ter, accounting officers, or any other, to say what
would be the. expense of transportation from New
York to the military post at Santa Fe. How were
they to know that the officer might not consider
$250 or $300 dollars a reasonable sum for such
transports ion ? Were gentlemen prepared to give
such an amount, in order to insure enlistments
Was it supposed that men could not be procured
without these enormous bounties?
He had alluded to this branch of the subject, in
order to show that they could not estimate the
expenses that would he necessarily incurred under
an act of this description; for they could not (ell
what would be the amount (hat would he tequired
to be paid under the head of bounties alone. It
was for (hese reasons that he desired that the bill
should be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where they could delib-
erately consider the proposition, whether it would
be advisable to increase the present military estab-
lishment of the country, or to authorize a volunteer
force to be employed for this particular service.
His chief object in rising was to say. that he was
opposed to sending infantry upon that service. He
desired that the force employed upon that service
should be an efficient force- and to be so, it was
iequ'site that it should be of mounted horse. It
would be. proper, as had been well remarked by
the gentleman from Ohio, that there should be some
soldiers stationed at the fortifications and military
posts, to take care of the property of the Govern-
ment, and with the present facilities for transporta-
tion, provided by the great works of internal
improvements,itwould bean easy matter toconcen-
trateanv amount of desired force at any given spot.
His own Slate, for example, could, within twenty-
four hours' time, furnish almost the amount of
this frontier have to be severely whipped before they I
will respect us, and desist from their predatory at- j
tacks. We cannot puninh ihe.tn vilhout cavalry ' j
I should think that at least three regiments of light \
cavalry should be raised." !
Such, sir, is the opinion of p distinguished offi- ]
cer of the Infantry. Since that letter was writ- '
ten, hostilities have occured all along the frontier,
from New Mexico to near the month of the, Rio
Grande. The House cannot be fully apprised of
the extent of these depredations.
The Legislature of Texas at its last session, in
a report of both Houses, stated, that two hundred
]| and four persons within the past year had been
| killed, wounded, or carricd into captivity, by the ,
[j Indians in Texas alone.
it Mr. CONGER asked, how manv troops were
jj on the frontiers of Texas and New Mexico ?
jj Mr HOWARD. I believe about one thousand
jj five hundred, but I shall come to that branch of;
: the subject presently. The President and the
I; Secretary of War have been made aware of this
I; condition of things on our frontier, and yet the ,
ji Executive has failed to give any adequate protec-
j! tion by calling out a sufficient volunteer force,
! although he has ample power for that purpose
j; under the existing law.
i| Mr. BURT here said that he was bound to sav,
; in justice to the Secretary of War, that he had
I manifested a strong interest in giving; protection to
| the western frontier, and had recommended the
'! mounting' of (he infantry, which measure, he also
I understood, had the approbation of the President.
J Mr. HOVVARD. I desire to say, also, in jus-
| tire to the Secretary of War, that he has seen'and
j felt the-necessity of amounted force for this ser-
I vice. My own opinion is, and i have, to my-
self, very satisfactory reasons for it, that he has
j been overruled by the President, whose prejudice
j against volunteers is stf great that he has declared i
! nosed to anything but the increase of the rank and
file, and the mounting of the infantry. Sir, I am
opposed to that measure, because it is totally inad-
equate to the service and the necessity of-, the
country. It involves a large expense without any
corresponding benefit. What is the character of
the foe to which this force is to be opposed ? The
western prairie Indians are all mounted—their
warriors well mounted—who fight and commit
depredations on horse-back, and are the most
expert riders in the world, not excepting the Arabs
of the desert. "We have no foe except the savage,
rendering a general increase of the army necessary.
Why then increase the infantry and the artillery,
when we have now more of that force than is of
any utility for the service ? The infantry are per-
fectly useless bevond the immediate neighborhood
of the posts. The Indians come down rapidly,
commit murders, destroy and steal property, lay
waste the settlements, and retreat with their cap-
tives at full speed, on horseback. It is impossible
for foot soldiers to come up with such a foe, unless
you can prove that a man on foot can outrun one
well mounted, or are disposed to assert, with Gen-
eral Taylor, that infantry have been good troops
against Indians ever since the days of Mr. Jeffer-
son. Sir, I venture to say, that if the department
will publish its correspondence with General
Brooke, and the officers under his command, that
will prove that they have urged the necessity of
! a mounted force upon the Administration, and the
! propriety of rangers. I am quite certain that some
of them have expressed that opinion to th,e depart-
ment. This plan of mounting the infntray does
not meet with the approbation of many of the ex-
perienced officers of the army on the frontier.
It is well known that Americans, or western
men, will not, to any extent, enlist for five years in
the regular army in the time of peace. The result of
this increase of the rank and file, and mounting the
infantry, will be, that we shall get into this branch
of the service a large number of foreigners, who
know nothing of frontier life, and who will be un-
able to ride. Horsemanship is an accomplish-
ment acquired in youth. You cannot take men
who know nothing about managing a horse, and
even by long "practice, drill them so as to render
them efficient against, expert riders. With such
men, your dispatches of battles will be nothing-
more than an account of riders thrown, limbs bro-
ken, horses lost, and enemies escaped. It has been
demanded how many troops there, are in Texas.
Sir, there are quite enough, if they were efficient
cavalry, or well mounted rangers. But as it is,
they are useless, because mainly on foot. The
Government has so arranged the character of
troops on the frontier, that the Treasury is sub-
jected to a heavy expense without any correspond-
ing benefit. Any amount of money is extrava-
gant when spent in a manner which must prove
useless, or nearly so.
I may vote for this bill, inadequate as it is, if
nothing better can be had. It may afford some
relief in overawing the Indians by an appearance
of a force; yet, from the recent occurrences on the
frontier, the infantry have not had that effect. It
is unjust'to place brave men, who have distin-
guished themselves as our infantry have, in such a
position. You compel them (o witness depreda-
tions and barbarities which they cannot punish.
Such a state of things has the further unfortunate
effect of hringing our power into contempt in the
eyes of all the western tribes. It will not prove
economy in the end.
Notwithstanding the infantry now stationed at
Loredo, I some weeks since received a petition,
signed by a large number of the citizens, stating that
