1850.
their farms and ranchos were broken up, and the
population driven into lown, to Fuch an extent that
the cultivation of the soil had nearly ceased, and
that there was actually a searciiy of food, with
no prospects for a crop.
They asked to be permitted to form a company
of rangers, at the Government expense, to pur-
sue the savages, and to protect their settlements
Knowing that the Secretary of War had ample
power, under the law, I took this petition to him,
not doubting that he would comply with its
prayer. But, sir, he declined; and I referred it to
the Committee on Military Affairs, where it yet I
slumbers. I do not stale this to censure specially
tfte Secretary—I know the blame rests properly on j
a higher power. ' !
1 have no confidence in the efficiency of any !
troops in the pursuit of the prairie Indians, who i
are not accustomed to frontier life. It is a species j
of knowledge which must be acquired by habit |
and experience. Why not take men who have '
had tins experience, can undergo hardships, and
who understand the Indian character? it will, in
the end, prove the cheapest service to the Govern-
ment. it in with this view that 1 have offered an
amendment to strike out the bill from the enacting
clause, and insert a provision for raising two regi-
ments of rangers, to remain in service so lon<* "as
the public interests may require it. This wilFnot
give a permanent addition to the army. As soon
as the Indians are chastised and beaten back, and
the,settlements on the frontier become stronger,
the force may be dispensed with, or disbanded.
It will not incurs permanent expenditure; but
there can be little doubt that the increase of the
rank and file will be permanently fastened on the
pe,ice establishment.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked if the State of
lexas had not, at her own expense, maintained
troups in the field against thelndians? j
r• HOWARD said, he understood the £ov- I
ernor of I exas had called out troops, who were in :
service for a time, and subsequently mustered out
by the United States officers, and that the Slate was :
now asking for remuneration for money thus ex-
pended. j|
It is no objection to a measure of necessary de- "
fence, that it requires an expenditure of money, |j
The only question is, whether that proposed is the !
most economical which the wants and necessities !|
of the country demand. This Government is able ![
to protect all its citizens; and it is an imperious du- j!
ty. The blood of our people is not to be wei«hed |j
against dollars and cents. Such is not the duty of
government, instead of increasing; a useless force, i'<
it would be much better to disband the largest por- !!
tion of the rank and fiie of. the infantry, and let I;
the Officers recruit a mounted force. The infantry '!
on the frontier, whether they are to operate against '■
the Indians, or protect our line against Mexico, are
equally unfitted for the service. i;
There is another reason why we should act .
promptly in this matter. We are bound by the '
late treaty with Mexico to restrain our Indians
from incursions into that Republic, h is gener-
ally cither m going or coming from these forays,
that the hosiile tribes commit depredations on the
frontier of Texas. At an early day in the session,
i presented the subject of this treaty, in connection
with frontier defence, to the House, in the shape
of a resolution, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, who recommended that
another regiment of cavalry should be added to
the army. The obligations of the treaty in this
respect have also been made the subject of a de-
mand on this Government by the Mexican Minis-
ter. And if we do not take some efficient action r
on the matter, our tables will be covered with the !'
claims of Mexican citizens for property stolen
and destroyed by our Indians. We ought to ob- !j
serve this provision of the treaty; it had much ;J
influence in reconciling Mexico to its conditions.
Now it is quite easy to see, that any force which p
will be sufficient to carry out the treaty in this j
respect, will also protect the largest poition of our }
western frontier—that which is most exposed lies j.
along the frontier of Mexico. In conclusion, I '
do trust that this measure will receive present and i
immediate action, and not be altogether defeated •
by being sent to the Committee of the Whole on '■
the state of the Union. ;
Mr. RICHARDSON expressed some surprise I
at the opposition which had been made to this bill. •,
There are settlements in New Mexico, where, as :j
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
torn
j It is wen known, there are not to be found people
; defend them. In some parts of the
( tate of Texas, there is a sufficiency of popula-
; lion; and, ;n the time of war, Texas was obliged
j to keep part of her own troops employed in herowh
j defence. The objections which had been urged
' aeainet the passage of the biff had astonished Mm.
tie was surprised to hear the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and the gentleman from
Georgia, JMr. Haralson,] declare, that the pass*
age of this bill would add seven or eight millions
to our annual expenditures. These gentlemen
certainly could not have taken the trouble to go
into any calculation when they made this state-
ment.
Mr. BAYLY, (Mr. Richardson yielding the
imor,) explained, that he^id not mean to be pre-
cisely accurate when he threw out his opinion of
the amount of the cost, because he had not had
time to look into the matter. But his impression
was, that every mounted company would cost
, double the amouut of a company of foot. This
j bill gives authority to the President, to mount one
j naif of our infantry; horses and equipmepts have to
I be purchased, and, regarding all these things, he
| knew not to what amount it might extend.
Mr. HARALSON said he did not, in his re-
I marks, assert that the increase of the army provided
1 for by this bill would reach to that amount of cost,
■ but the bill would put it in the power of the Presi-
I dent; and ifthe President should see fit to exercise
I the authority thus given him to its foil extent, it
: would have the effect of increasing our expendi-
tures to a great amount.
Mr. RICHARDSON" resumed. If the Presi-
dent were to increase the army to the full extent
authorized by this bill, every corps and company
as it proposes, it would then add about 4.Q00 men
to our present number. The expense of a regi-
ment of infantry, every expense included, "is
$300,000 per annum. The cost of a cavalry regi-
ment, including everything, is $600,000 per an-
num. That is the full extent of the cost of a regi-
ment. If we take a regiment of infantry, and re-
mount them, the expense will be doubled, sav
from $300,000 to £600 000.
Mr. HARALSON asked a question,imperfectly
heard, relative to the additional expense of re-
mounting artillery.
Mr. RICHARDSON resumed. There would
be no remounting the artillery, as the artillery
companies are mounted already. It is only the
infantry companies which would be required to
be mounted. The riflemen would he increased
from sixty-four to seventy-four, heing ten addi-
tional to a company, and the artillery would be in-
creased from forty-two to seventy-four. The
} increase of expenditure if the whole of the oom-
): panies were filled up to the new complement, as gen-
tlemen seemed to fear they would he, taking""the
^ difference between the cost of a mounted regiment
; and the expense of a regiment of infantry, would
, reach to about $,2,400,000. But it is to be recollected
j that it is not intended that all the companies shall
! be increased. He did not think that the whole ex-
; pense would exceed from six hundied thousand to
:a million dollais. He reminded the House that
; this bill did not contemplate any increase in the
; officers of the army, hut meiely in the rank and I
j file. He stated that the present number of army J
| officers was about eighty hundred, and of the rank j
; and file between eight and nine thmisand, making i
the proportion of the officers to the men as about j
one <o ten. The pay of the officers greatly ex-
ceeds the pay of men, and as in the mciease only !
rank and file are increased, there will be found a !
saving from the estimated cost of the pay of a |
regiment. I
[Some conversation aside here took place be- '
tween Mr. Richarpsonand Mr. Jones, thepurpoit
of which could not be understood.]
The difference between the employment of ar-
tillery and mounted infantry consisted in the
greater advantage with which the latter could he
made applicable to the particular service. Take
artillery, and it is the most expensive mode; it is
not adapted to the pursuit of Indians. We must
either take infantry, or collect volunteers, or take
the rank and file, or we must adopt the mode pro-
vided by this hill, and increase the strength of the
companies. We want no additional officers; we
only require additional men. We can then send
the necessary force to the frontier, and accom-
plish th« object for which the bill in introduced.
Is that object to protect our frontier ? We owe it
such .protection as at present we do not give it.
.There are only now a company or two iri Iowia,
two companies in Minnesota, and four or five in
New Mexico. There is not a single regiment
Oregon. All those who have gone thither under the
protection of our flag, remain there without any
protection from us. He was* indifferent as to the
character of the force sent out. He thought the
cheapest'mode which could be desired-was that
provided in the Hill. Cut off the sirU'Mery if yojj
like, and confine it to infantry, so that it will pro-
tect our frontier. ' ,
_ In relation to the last section of the bill, he de-
sired to say a word or two. The object of thai
section was to secure the services of the enlisted
men on the frontier. You offer two or ten dollars
to a man in California or Oregon, and he will not
enlist. You enlist your men in New York, and
carry them to the frontier. They are not good
soldiers, but you can't get any other. You may
limit the amount of bounty if you will; you may
establish a tariff of distances, and you may thus
secure the services of the best men. That is the
object of this section of the bill, and no other. If
the bill is not perfect, perfect it; but you can do
that as well here as in Committee of-the Whole
on the state of the Union. Send it to that com-
mittee and we shall never get it hack. If it be
wrong', it ought not to pass at ail; if it be right it
ou^ht to pass immediately,
Mr. CALDWELL, oflCentueky, \vassurprised
at the discordant character of the opposition to
this bill. The honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly] opposed
the measure because of the increased expense,
whilst every measure proposed as a substitute is
far more expensive than the plan proposed by the
bill. It is everywhere admitted that the means i t
the disposal of the President are wholly inadequate
to the protection of the frontier. We have the
most satisfactory evidence that th§ frontier sculers
are daily butchered with impunity, and their wo-
men and children borne into capuvity by the sav-
ages; and we are told by the President, the Secre-
tary of War, and by General Scott, commanding
in chief the United States army,.that the present
military establishment is wholly inadequate to pre-
vent these outrages. It ts the duty of the Presi-
dent, with the military force of the country, to
eive protection to our citizens. Protection is not
given; and our women and children are murdered,
or taken captives, all our northwestern fron-
tier and the frontiers of Texas and New Mexico.
A portion of the army is stationed in Oregon and
California, whilst in Florida a considerable foice
is statjoned to protect the settlers from the Semi-
noles, who are in a state of actual rebellion. Our
whole, extended and defenceless frontier is in a
quasi state of war—of savay war—war upon the
defenceless—that seeks to accomplish its objects of
theft, rapine, and murder, by the most treacherous,
cruel, and savage practices. How is this to be
prevented ? We all agree that it must be prevented
in some way. '
The President asks us to give him the power to
increase the rank and file of such of the companies
as are serving on those frontiers to such a number
as make them efficient for actual service, and
to mount such of the infantry as the exigencies of
the service may require. This bill proposes to
grant him that power. Our present army is or-
ganized with an eye to a strictly peace-establish-
ment. The companies are reduced to forty-two pri-
vates—a sufficient number for discipline, and the
garrison, m time of peace, but wholly inadequate
for active*duty in the field, against a brave, treuch-
erous, and sleepless enemy, such as are now every-
where hovering around, and carrying terror and
death into our frontier settlements.
It will be remembered that our army is less now
than it was in 1818, m time of peace, when o«r
population was not half what it now is, and our
frontiers less than half that which we now have
to defend. It is less than the peace establishment
of 1815—less than the peace establishment of 1821.
But the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly] objects to the bill,
because, he says, tlie estimates ahfeady pent in for
the army and navy by the present" Administra-
tion, aie about $17,000,000—a pum larger than
the wholeexpense of Mr. Adams's administration.
If this be true—and I cannot doubt the accuracy
of the honorable gentleman—the fault must be
