1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
selves to one Senator, be can admit one of them
by his permit; and lie will have no difficulty in
getting one or two adjoining Senators to admit the
others. It seems to me that this amendment will
tend very much to lelieve us from the pressure
which is around us, and it will tend very much to ;
relieve us from the inconveniences and annoyances j
to which we are constantly subjected. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MANGUM. I will modify my amend-
ment by adding after the word "Senator" the
words " and the Vice President."
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I prefer the amend-
ment to the original resolution. I think it will
only be according to the President of this body an
equal right with Senators, which he certainly
ought to have. I concur perfectly in the views of
the honorable Senator from New Jersey. He has
made an excellent speech. I shall, therefore, not
occupy the time of the Senate. I will merely say, friends.
said, in all -the deliberative assemblies of the
world.
Mr. ATCHISON. I recognize no difference,
sir, among my constituents. If the poorest and
humblest man in Missouri was to present himself
to me, together with the highest and loftiest man
in the State, 1 hold it io be as much my duty to
extend a privilege within my power to the one as
to the other, 1 recognize no such distinction as
the Senator from New Jersey speaks of. It does
not belong to the creed of the party to which I
have the honor to attach myself.
But a word in response to what fell from the
Senator from Mississippi. It is an easy matter
for him, m the category in which he stands—tor
he tells us that he lias a yoke-fellow for life—to
make such discrimination. But an honest bach-
elor, like myself, may be placed m a very awkward
dilemma by making selections among his fair
however, that this amendment is particularly com
mended to me from the fact that it uses the term
" persons'9 and not u gentlemen." Now, that will
authorize, and I trust it was intended to authorize,
a member of the Senate to introduce a lady. )
think that perfectly proper, and I should not vote
for this proposition unless it was understood that
ladies weie to be allowed to participate in the en-
joyment resulting from our debates from time to
time. With ttiis understanding, I shall vote for
the proposition.
A single word now in reply to my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Atchison.] He certainly under-
stood the amendment as i understand it, as allow-
ing Senators to introduce either a lady or gentle-
man, at their pleasure. And he seems to be very
muih pained at being compelled to discriminate
among the ladies and gentlemen of his acquaint-
ance. He is afraid of the responsibility of dis-
criminating in favor of one and against another.
Well, sir, this thing of discrimination has to take
place, more or less. Every man must select his
friends. A man has to choose his partner for lite,
and as my friend from Missouri has not yet done
so, I hope that he soon will. This sort of dis-
crimination must be made; this sort of responsi-
bility belongs to the great business of life. Sena-
tors must take the responsibility of discriminating
between the affirmative and the negative side of a
i ques- ;
Mr. KINGr. I wish to know what is the
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
North Carolina.
Mr. HALE. To save time, I will accept that
amendment in place of my original resolution.
The question then being on the resolution as
modified—
Mr. KING said: I should myself greatly prefer
the original resolution. The original resolution
proposes to refer the matter to a committee, in
order to ascertain what can be done to afford greater
facilities to Senators and spectatoj-s. The amend-
ment proposed by theSenator from North Carolina
allows each Senator to have a permit to admit one
person each day, in order to get clear of the diffi-
culties which surround us. I would prefer that a
committee should examine into the subject, and
see what is necessary to be done. I myself have
seen, and see every day, many persons on the floor
of the Senate who have no right there, and that
leads to some complaint from others who are ex-
cluded. How they get in 1 do not know. If the
Sergeant-at-arms, under the direction of the Pre-
siding Officer, were strictly to peiform his duty,
we should return to Uie good oid course of exclu-
ding all except those who are expressly admitted by
the rules of the Senate, and then there would be no
question—sometimes a very serious and important ,! ground for complaint whatever. If the rules of the !
responsibility. For my part, I must say that 1
am surpnsed that my friend from Missouiishould
Senate are too iestricted, let the committee inquire
into the propriety of extending them, so as to admit ,
be opposed to this amendment simply because it 1 a greater number. 1 trust the Senate will not act
imposts upon him the necessity of discriminating ;j too hastily on this matter, and not until the
between his friends of either sex. 1 hope, there-
fore, that he will not persist in his opposition.
Mr. £J ALE. I suggested to the Senator from
Nouh Carolina that i had no sort of objection to
his amendment.
Air. TURNEV. The hour has arrived for the
consideration of the special order.
Mr. HALE. I am entitled to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire has the floor.
Mr. HALE. I said that I had no objection to
the amendment, but i would suggest to the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, who proposes the amend-
ment, that the objection of the Senator from Mis-
souri can be obviated by saying that single gentle-
men shall have the privilege of admitting two.
That would relieve these gentlemen of the neces-
sity of disci imiihuion. i do not wish to take up
the tune of the Senate i hope that we shall have
a vote taken on this question as soon as we can.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have only a very few
words to say. In the first place, theSenator from
New Jersey admits that the rules are all-sufficient
as they stand, if they are only enforced. Now,
sir, the wisdom of Solomon might devise rules and
laws and regulations, but, unless they were en-
fou-ed, they would be of no avail. I take this to
be a surrender of the whole grouod. if the rules
are all-sufficient as they stand, and they are not
enforced, whose fault is it? Is it the fault of the
Presiding Officer? Is it the fault of the Seigeant-
at-aims, or is it the fault af the Senate itself.' .
A Senator. It is the fault of the Senate itself. If*
thing is well understood and well examined. I
move a refeience of this matter to a committee, of
which I hope I shall not be a member, as I occupy
the same peculiar position as my friend from Mis-
souri. [Laughter.] I move, therefore, to refer the
whole matter to a select committee of five, to be
appointed by the Chair, in order to take the whole
suojeet into consideration, so that we may be pre-
pared to act upon it.
Mr. WEBSTER. I think five too large a num-
ber. Let it be three.
Mr. KING. Very well; I am satisfied with
three.
Mr. HALE. I accepted the amendment of the
Senator irom North Carolina, as a modification of
my resolution, because I thought it was the wish
of the Senator from A«abama that I should do sot
I, therefore, ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to withdraw my assent to that modification.
No objection being made, the modifieatian was
withdrawn.
Mr. MANGUM. I am perfectly indifferent re-
specting this whole matter. I therefore move to
lay the whole subject on the table.
The motion was lost.
The question being stated on the motion of Mr.
King to refer the matter to a committee of three—
Mr. HALE said: The resolution itself is a ref-
erence.
Mr. KING. My motion is not to refer the res-
olution alone, but to refer the resolution and
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Mr. DAVI'ON. i suggested that our rules are ;j Alabama proposes to refer this whole subject to a
altogether sufficient for the purpose of keeping our ! committee, i think I will venture to say that the
Chamber clear of the multitude that constantly " report of any committee will show that the defect
presents itself, but that there was still a difficulty ! is radical and irtemediable in the piesent Chamber,
in melting distinguished persons admitted to the j| Owing to the great number of Senators, resulting
floor without some, such rule as that now proposed, ji from the growth of the country, thete are very
It is something which is usual, as I haVe before i: meagre accommodations here, growing out of tiie
original idea that our- debates would never be pop-
ular. It is utterly impossible to attempt to admit
all who desire to come on the floor, or ail who, 1
would say, it would be proper to admit.' The
evil can only be remedied by an enlarged chamber,
and by such accommodations as are necessary for
the great number of persons who now seek, and
perhaps ought to obtain, admission. I think that
any committee will fin4 such to be the case. I
will only say to the Senator from New Hampshire
that a report is about to be made from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings; and if that report re-
ceive final and favorable action, I hope that, in the
course of a year or two, or three years at the fur-
thest, we shall have an enlarged chamber, and
then, and not till then, can his wishes be consum- '
mated, without depriving the members of the
Hawse of Representatives of that right which they
now possess under the rule.
The motion to refer the subject to a committee
of three was then agreed to.
On motion, it was ordered that the committee
be appointed by the Chair; and the Chair appointed
Mr. Mangi-m, Mr. Foote, and Mr. Hale.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
Qn motion by Mr. DAViS, of Mississippi, the
Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole,
to the consideration of a joint resolution reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, being "a
joint resolution for restoring the settlement of the
accounts of those entitled to three months* extra
pay to the accounting officers of the Treasury."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This requires,
perhaps, a very brief explanation. In 1848, on
account of the great number of claims of this sort
arising out of the Mexican war, it was found ne-
cessary to transfer these accounts from the account-
ing officers to the Pay Department, and to appoint
paymasters to have special charge of these ac-
counts. They are now so far closed that very few
remain to be settled, except the accounts of men
who died iri the service. Those accounts cannot
be settled by the Paymaster, but are now settled
by the Paymaster and one of the Auditors of the
Treasury. They can be more conveniently, accu-
rately, and expeditiously settled by the Auditor
alone, than by tne present mode. The joint reso-
lution, therefore, only proposes to retransfer the
settlement of these accounts to the Auditor, and
to restore the whole system of accounts to the
condition in which they were before the special
act of 1848 was passed.
The joint resolution was then reported to the
Senate without amendment, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time and passed.
| THE CUBAN EXPEDITION.
\ Mr. YULEE. I will state to the Senate that it
; is my desire to obtain a vote upon the resolution I
! submitted the other day on the subject of the
, Cuban Expedition. But, inasmuch as the Sen-
! ator from Tennessee [Mr. Tcrney] is very anx-
[ ious to proceed with his bill, and is entitled to the
occupation of the morning hour wiih it, and as it
' is desirable that the resolution should pass, with
I ihe assent of those gentiemen who take art interest
j in the matter on both sides, I propose that it be
now taken up and passed without discussion, in
the shape in which it was originally introduced, to
which, f believe the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Walker,] who offeied the amendment, as-
sents. Wnen an answer is made to the resolution
by the President, as 1 hope it will be at an early
day. discussion can be resumed if it is desired.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
to, Mr. WALKER withdrew his amendment,and
the resolution was adopted.
PATENT LAWS.
On motion by Mr. TURNED, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of bill No. 200, being
" An act to amend an act to promote the progress
of the useful arts."
Mr. TURNEY. I would ask the Senator from
Kentucky, the chairman of the select committee
of thirteen, to agree to the postponement of the
consideration of the compromise bill until two
o'clock, by which time, I think, we can dispose
of this bill. I will say that the Senator from
Louisiana, who has the iioor on that subject, and
also the Senator from Virginia, who desires-to
follow him, would be accommodated by that ar-
rangement.
Mr. CLAY. For both the considerations men-
