1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
tioned by the Senator from Tennessee, I will
postpone calling up the regular order of the day
until two o'clock, by which time I hope the dis-
posal of this bill will realize his anticipations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ie on
striking out the fourth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and
ninth sections.
Mr. NORR1S. I made a motion yesterday,
which.was so modified as to strike out these
various sections of the bill. As the question has
not yet been taken, / will now withdraw that
motion, and substitute several amendments; and if
they are adopted, I shall vote for the bill.
The motion to strike out was accordingly with*
drawn.
Mr. NORRfS. I move to amend the fourth
section by adding; the following; proviso:
" Provided. That this section shall not be eo cnnstrwpd as
to authorize the delay or postponement ol the hearing of the
decision of tiu* C<>inmu*- otier,bv reason of any notice" which
shah have been given j-ub-^queut to the day lur which such
hearing -hall he appointed."
Mr. TURNEY. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. My first objec-
tion to this section is, that it is a mingling of re-
issuing with the extension of a patent. They
have been treated alike in debate here, and, from
their juxtaposition in the bill, it is not much to be
wondeiei at that they should have been treated as
though they were the same; but they are very dif-
fcre it things.
Mr. TURNEY. To relieve the Senator from
the necessity of debating this subject, 1 am willing
that that section of the bill shall be stricken out.
Time is vastly more important than any amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not occupy much time, I
assure my friend from Tennessee, in the general
discussion of this bill. The reissuing of a patent
is nothing more than an amending of ihe specifica-
tions so as to make them exactly conform to what
was originally invented or discovered. The ex-
tension of a patent is a totally diffeient thing, and
they cannot be treated together intelligibly. 1
should prefer to have the whole section stricken
out, because its provisions are, in my opinion,
wrong so far as it relates to the reissuing of the
patent; and so far as its provisions relate to the
extension of a patent, they are the same as the
present law of the office.
Mr. BADGER. 1 do not wish to "make any
remarks wiih respect to this particular amendment,
but to state what peihaps I should have stated be-
fore, in reply to on objection made by the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale ]
One of the sections of this bill which is objected
to provides that certain notices shall be given, and
certain preliminary proceedings shall be had before
a patent shall be extended, either by a private bill
or by an application to the Patent Office; and pro-
vides that if the patentee shall be guilty of any
neglect or any concealment, or shall not pursue the
directions given by this law, he shall not only be
deprived of the benefits of the patent issued by the
offi.-e, but also of the benefits conferred upon htm
by the private bill.
The Senator from New Hampshire seems to
suppose that there is something very extraordinary
and even alarming in committing such authority
as this to a court of justice. What I want to say
is, that 1 think the Senator is laboring under an
entire mistake. A private bill is looked upon but
in the nature of an assurance, it is a proceeding
which regularly ought not and does not bind the
rights of those who are not concerned in it; or, in
the language of the law, " paities to it.''
fn England, besides a vast vai iety of regulations
made by the two Houses for the purpose of pre-
venting, as far as possible in anticipation ,any case
of obtaining an improper bill, by re^uinnga ref-
erence to the judges before whom the parties are
to appear and furnish proof, it must be referred to
a committee of the Lords with proof, it is cus-
tomary to insert a general saving clause in every
private bill, that it shad not affect the rights of any
person or persons except those who are named in
the bill.
But what I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to is this, that, without this practice of intro-
ducing such saving clause, it is, I think, a clear
and undoubted rule in the English courts that a
private bill may be annulled for fraud, false sug-
gestion, or fraudulent concealment, in the same
way as aoy other private title. Because, although
the power and authority of Parliament is para-
mount there over all vested rights, yet Parliament
is never understood to authorize an act which will
affect the private rights of any pet son whose name
is not in the bill, ilence, not only is it the doc-
trine, but it has actually been done upon a bill to
relieve parties whose rights were affected by pro-
ceedings in the court of chancery, upon the ground
that the bill was procured by fraud or concealment.
Therefore, without any question as to the particu-
lar modifications of this bill, I think it is a just pro-
vision that, if .a notice is required—and i do not
go into the question whether it is required or not—
but if it is required to be given to the Patent Office,
I think it is equally proper and right that it should
be required to be given, if the party chooses to
come here for a private bill instead of going to the
Patent Office, and that a failure to do so should be
attended with the same consequences in the one
case as in the other; that he shall lose the benefits
secured to him by the bill exactly as he will lose
the benefits secured to him by the patent. It is
not, and cannot be the intention of Congress to
destroy the rights of an individual, because a third
party has not taken the steps which the Jaw re-
quires.
Mr. NORRIS. I moved this amendment as a
compromise between the chairman of the commit-
tee and myself. I still entertain the opinion which
1 had when 1 submitted the amendment; but as
Senators seem to think it will be prejudicial, 1 will
withdraw the amendment, and renew the motion
to strike out the 4th section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
then be on striking out the 4th section
Mr. TURNEY. It is of but little importance.
It only provides for a different mode of communi-
cating notices.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORRIS. There are other amendments
which I wish to propose. The first is to strike out
in the fifth line of the sixth section the word3
" such" and " is."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. N0RR1S. I wish further to amend the
sixth section, by striking out all after the word
"he,"in the eleventh line, and inserting the fol-
lowing, to the end of the paragraph in the fifteenth
line, viz:
" Knows or is informed of ali parties interested in such
patent, t ithei as patentees, asM^iu'e?) or under any hcen-e
or contract, and give such notice to those reading without
su h district a  shall be ordered by the court."
" f-j mtorujed or knows, or <mii he ascenained at the Pat-
ent Office, ol all persons itite e*ted in such patent, either
as patentees, as.-ijine.es, or undet any licensee or other con-
tracts, and shall give to .ill person* t-o intciesifd inch no-
tice ol the son a.s the court shall order, affording thtui a
reasonable tune to appear and defend."
Mr. TURNEY. As 1 understand the amend-
ment, 1 think it is an improvement to the bill, it
will enlarge the obligation to give notice to the
patentee, and it obviates some of the objections
which have been made to the bill, and makes it
more acceptable to myself. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move to strike out the
sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth sections of the
bill. My objections 1 stated yesterday, and al-
though the amendment of my c >lleague obviates
a portion ©f the difficulty, it by no means makes
ihe section such as we should pass into a law; for
the fact will still exist that there is no provision
made by which these suits may not be going on
at the same time in every district court in the
thirty States of the Union, and the door is open
for collusion. The bill is defective in this par-
ticularly, that there is no provision made for a con-
tiibution of money by those who receive the ben-
efits of this litigation. Some of tho*e interested
may live in parts remote from the patentee, and
the amount of their interest may be too small to
induce them to defend the suit, which, in conse-
quence, may go off in default. If another person
thinks it worth while to defend it, he will be sub-
jected to the whole expense of this tedious litiga-
tion, and those who hold perhaps forty-nine fif-
tieths of the patent right will receive forty-nine
fiftieths of the benefit and pay none of the expense,
t'hen the provision is unequal in other lespects:
for while there is a provision that a decision by
one circuit court may annul ihe patent, there is no
provision vice versa, by which if the patentee pre-
vails in his suit, his patent shall be held to be
good in all cases, and shall not again be called in
question. He may be subjected to a trial m every
State and every territory of the Union, m which
the patent may be called in question, and though
he succeeds in twenty-nine States, yet, if in the
thiitieth it may be decided against him, his patent
will be null and void, for ought that appears in
this bill.
Although the Senator from North Carolina
thinks 1 haveentirely misapprehended this matter,
he has failed to convince me that this power does
not exist in every State in the Union, and that the
circuit courts will not have a supervision over an
act of Congress, and will not he authorized to
make inquiries into the propriety of the passage
of such an act, with regard to the preliminaries,
such as giving notice jn the manner prescribed,
belorc the act was passed. I apprehend the Sena-
tor from North Carolina will find no authoiity
either in law or equity by which buch broad pow-
ers as these have been conferred on any court. I
apprehend it will be found the other way, that
when a legislature has made, not a public but a
private grant to an individual, and it shall turn out
that a majority of the legislature were bribed to
make ihe grant, the State cannot resume the grant,
though that fact should be proved,. 1 am willing
this should be modified so as to effect the honest
purposes which the chairman of the Committee on
Patents has m view in this bill; but i think if it
passes as it is now, its practical operation will be
to repeal the whole patent law. A patent would
not be worth the parchment on which it is written;
it will be entirely valueless. Jt will bubject the
holders of patents to a system of harassing suits,
got upanywhere and everywhere, and by any one
who may choose to test an individual's rights.
There should be some definite and fixed tribunal
to which an individual might resort to try this
right. Buthewill now most probably resoit to that
tribunal which will be most harassing to the per-
son whom he seeks to sacrifice by this system of
litigation. For these reasons 1 am opposed to
these features of the bill. I look upon it as dan-
gerous and alaiming, and as calculated to make a
lundamental, and, to my mind, adtsuuctive alter-
ation of our patent laws, instead of improving
these laws, it will make them utterly useless and
worthless. It seems to me that if anything of
this sort be done, it should be <Jone by some cen-
tral board, for instance the Supreme Court of the
United States, or something of that sort; by some
definite and fixed tubunal which might be ap-
pointed, to which parties wishing to litigate for
decisions of this sort might resort.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 havean amendment of
that sort which i propose to submit.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Kentucky sug-
gests that he has an amendment of that kind; I
will therefore give way and allow him to offer it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I propose to amend by
striking out that pat t of the bill which gives the
power of trial to the circuit courts, and inserting
the " Circuit Court of the District of Columbia."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has already
been stricken out and a substitute adopted.
Mr. TURNEY. That portion of the bill can
be amended after it is reported to the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. As I am on the floor I
will take occasion to submit a few remarks, and
then wash my hands of it, so far as I am con-
nected with the bill. I believe the public senti-
ment of the country is in favor of securing to in-
ventors and patentees everything they are honestly
entitled to. i am for that; but there is danger
apprehended by many, and 1 believe there is a
foundation lor their apprehension, that there is a
system of fraud going on by which patents are
sometimes improperly procured; and, if not im-
properly procuied, that they are improperly re-
newed; and that under this system a great many
persons are applied to, and money is exacted from
them improperly, by those who claim to have a
bona fide patent, when really they have no such
thing, it is very important to secure the rights of
the people of the country at the same time that
you secure the rights of the patentee; and 1 pro-
pose to secure them in this way. In the first
place, there is no limitation upon the right to oo-
tain a reissue of a patent, or an amendment of its
specifications, which are enlarged,according to the
belief ot thecounuy, in many instances so as to
make the renewed patent embrace many things
more than the original patentee was entitled to.
There is no limitation to procuring a renewal of this
