150.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
and give almost any length of lime to pay in.
Nov?) I know that a great many persons become
purchasers in this way; and before the pay-day
comes many of them find that they have made bad
bargains, and then they resort to means to injure
the patentee, and to place obstructions in the way
of his recovering what they have promised to pay;
and one step in their progress to avoid pay-
ment may be to institute proceedings so as to have
the patent declared void. Here, then, are difficul-
ties growing out of that part of the subject.
Among these multifarious difficulties, I am not
surprised that the chairman of the committee, af-
ter the great labor which the committee has be-
stowed upon this bill, feels somewhat perplexed in
the various amendments, and has expressed the
disposition he has expressed to take anything
reasonable for the purpose of securing the bene-
ficial provisions of this bill. I am not surprised
at that; but the question is, what are we to do,
surrounded as we are by these difficulties?
Now it seems to me that some mode of trying
the validity of patents, by a scire facias or other-
wise, is very desirable and almost indispensable to
meet the difficulties which in my section of the
count y are of constant occurrence. But I am not
prepared to say that the gentleman from New
Hampshire has not solid and well-founded objec-
tions to this bill, which is made to cover all the
States in the Union, with perhaps a hundred coun-
ties in each State; and, allowing in each county
one purchaser who may commence these proceed-
ings, my friend from New York [Mr. Seward]
may well suppose that any party must have a
great purse to meet a hundred litigants in each
State, and after that, find any value growing out
of any patent he might have when thus contested.
He would have to meet them in every way. But
here, sir, this bill proposes that any person, in a.ny
of these hundred counties, may commence litigation
pro and con.; and thus, if the inventor lives in New
Hampshire, he must meet all these hundred differ-
ent parties m the State of Kentucky, otherwise his
patent is declared void in all the Statesofthe Union,
subject of course to an appeal to the Supreme
Court. I can readily imagine that our Yankee
brethren, who are the greatest inventors in the
land, may take alarm at this, and not-without great
cause. 1 cannot but think that it would be exact-
ing too much to subject them to these great
evils; and the remedy which X suggested was to
confine them to one tribunal. After all the sugges-
tions that have been made from different quarters,
I hope that my friend from Tennessee will consent
to the recommittal of the bill, although I will not
move it. I hope he will agree to this, and that the
different members of the commfttee who have
studied this matter during the session wiil revise it
very carefully. They have heard our objections,
they see the "difficulties which exist, and they must
feel persuaded that not one of us wishes to defeat
the bill, but that we are all anxious to carry it
through, if it can only be put in such a shape as to
obviaie the mam difficulty suggested. If my friend
from Tennessee will not object, 1 will move its re-
commitment, with ihe various amendments which
have been proposed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will only say a
single word 
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator from Missis-
sippi allow me to suggest that the consideration of
the special order was postponed until two o'clock,
for the convenience of the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Soule,] and that that hour has now arrived ?
Mr. DAVIS I do not intend to make a speech.
I merely wish to say that, with the consent of the
Senator from Tennessee, I will move the recom-
mittal of the bill. In connection with that, I will
take this opportunity of observing that the sixth
and seventh sections contained, in my mind, the
whole merit of the bill. The great difficulty in
the existing patent law is, that there is no mode of
the directing an appeal. Some one must first in-
fringe a patent, must first commit a violation of
the law, or trespass upon the patent, before suit
can be brought to try its validity. There should
be some mode prescribed by which suit can be
brought, so as to ootain the repeal of a patent,
and with that provision the question should be
made to test the validity of a patent, so that in
suits for infringement the question of the validity
of the patent should not be tried. It would be
well if, in accordance with the suggestion of the
Senator from Kentucky, we could organize a court
here to try the validity of patents, because it is
certainly most true thatan ordinary court and jury
will have little ability to examine those high ques-
tions of science which are often involved in cases
of this kind. Here everything is at hand by
which the whole question may be investigated,
and the patent be made complete. Instead of rest-
ing upon ignorant inventors to draw their own
plans, I would appoint two or more officers, in
connection with the Patent Office, whose duty it
should be to draw such plans and correct all spe-
cifications, and thus we would get rid of that string
of" agents" who hang about the office, and who
fasten themselves like so many leeches on the in-
ventors.
Mr TURNEY, (in his seat.) I am perfectly
willing that the hill should be recommitted.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very glad to hear it. I have
nothing more to say.
The question was then taken on the motion to
recommit, and it was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
special order, being the bill to admit California as
a State into the Union, to establish territorial gov-
ernments for Utah and New Mexico, and making
proposals to Texas for the establishment^of her
western and northern boundaries.
Mr. SOULE replied to the speech of Mr.
Downs, which was delivered on Wednesday. His
speech occupied upwards of an hour in the delivery.
A report will be given in the Appendix.
Explanations were afterward made by Mr.
FOOTE, Mr. DOWNS, Mr. DAVIS of Missis-
sippi, Mr. CLAY, and others, and then the further
consideration of the subject was postponed to Mon-
day next.
A motion to adjourn over to Monday was nega-
tived.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 24, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OREGON.
Mr. PUTNAM asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill from the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BURT insisted, he said, on the regular or-
der of business.
Mr. PUTNAM said that the bill which he de-
sired to report related to the Territory of Oregon.
It would be recollected by the House that certain
days of the ensuing week had been set apart for ]
the consideration of bills relating to the territories, j
He hoped, therefore, that the objection to the pre- j
sentation of the report would not be persisted in. j
Mr. BURT. Does the gemleman from New 1
York [Mr. Putnam] ask simply that the bill may
be reported and reterred ?
Mr. PUTNAM. Just so.
Mr. BURT said, he would then for that purpose j
withdraw his objection. But he gave notice in ad- ■
vance, that after this report had been presented, he j
should object to everything that was out of the j
regular order of business., It was painful to him
to be compelled to object to the introduction of
propositions, one after another, in this way.
So the objection was withdrawn.
Mr. PUTNAM thereupon, from the Committee
on Roads and Canals, reported a bill to provide for
the construction of certain roads and bridges in the
Territory of Oregon.
The bill wa3 read twice by its title.
And, on motion of Mr. PUTNAM, it was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, for the pur-
pose of proceeding to the consideration of bills on
the private calendar.
Tellers were ordered, (and Messrs. Waldo, of
Connecticut, and Evans, of Ohio, were appointed.)
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker.) Is the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Thomas,] to
go into Committee of the Whole, or into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union >
The SPEAKER. The motion is to go into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BURTw Then I hope it will not prevail.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—-ayes 44, noes 60.
No quorum voting, s
Mr. GR INN ELL asked the yes® and navg.
Mr. WOOD called for tellers on the ye&s and
nays; which were refused.
The yeas and nays were then ordered,and being
taken, resulted—yeas 66, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Aden, Anderson,
Averett, A. G. Brown, C. Butler, T. B. Butler, j. Cable, J.
P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell,-Clarke, Ciiagman, W. R. W.
Cobb, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Croweli, Deberry, Dickey,
Disney, Dixon, Doty, Fitch, Freedley, Gildings,Gott, Gould,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, JshamG. fiarris,Haymond,Hebapd,
Henry, Howe, Huut-r, Andrew Johnson, Junes. L-i ^'Are,
Lelfler, Littlefield, McLanahan, Meacham, Millar, Mort4l ,:
Olds, Potter, Putnam, Risley, Robbing, Robins-on, Saeiiolt,* -
Schenck, Schoolcraft, Spi ayue, Thaddru-Stevens, Stetson,"
Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, and
While—66.
NAYS—Itfes«rs. Ashe, Ashmun, Bennett, Bingham, Bis-
seli,- Bocoek, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Briggs, Buriovvs,
Burt, E. C. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, Carlter, Chandler, Coie,
Durkee, Alexander Evans, N.Evan*;, Featlierston, Gorman,
Halloway, Haralson, 'I'.L. Harris Hay, Hibbard, Hoagland,
Holbiday, Houston, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W.
Jackson, R. W. Johnson, Julian, Kaufman. George G. King,
J. A. King, Preston King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Mason,
McClernand, McDonald, MeKwsock, McQueen, Meade,
Millson, Motri-, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Owen,Parker, Peaslee,
Phelps, Pitman, Powell, Reed, Ri-ynold--, Riehardeon, fSaw-
telle, Silvester, Spaulding, Richard H. Stanton, Strong,
William Thompson, Underbill, Vinton, Watkins, Wellborn,
Wentworth, Williams, Wilson, Winthrop, aud Wood—78.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar.
THE ARMY.
The SPEAKER. There being no private bills
on the Speaker's table, the first business in order
is the bill reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, yesterday, by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Burt.]
The House thereupon resumed the considera-
tion of the bill from the Senate, pending at the
time of adjournment yesterday, entitled " An act
to increase the rank and file of the army, and to
encourage enlistments," with the amendment
thereto reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The SPEAKER stated the pending question to
be on the motion, heretofore submitted by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that the bill
and amendment be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and be
printed.
Mr CARTTER (a member of the Committee
on Military Affairs) said, he was in favor of the
bill; and he proposed briefly to give his reasons for
it. While this bill was undergoing investigation
in the committee, he had watched its progress with
a good deal of jialousy, with the view of ascer-
taining whether it would encumber the Govern-
ment with increased expenditures, or whether it
would accumulate in the service a useless force.
He had given to the subject all the investigation of
which he was capable; and notwithstanding all the
prejudices with which he had commenced that in-
vestigation, he was compelled to concur with the
majority of the committee and to support its recom-
mendations. In fact, he did not think that they
could avoid the raising this force upon any other
alternative than exposing the western frontier mer-
cilessly to the inroads of an unrestrained savage
foe. There was no otheralternative. The nation
was obliged to come up to the point of placing on
our western frontier an appropriate and efficient
force to protect our citizens there, or of abandon-
ing that frontier to the depredations at will of the
savage. It appeared to be conceded by all the
gendemen who opposed the bill, that the condition
of the western frontier was such as to require mili-
tary protection. But, from considerations of
economy, (and he knew how to sympathize with
"■entlemen in that particular,) it was said that we
already had a force adequate to that purpose. He
believed that in the present condition of the coun-
try a state of perfect peace, with the exception
of this soecies of warfare—we had numerically a
sufficient military force to protect the coun.ry.
He had no doubt of it. But if we had twice the
number of the description of our present force, this
particular exposure would be as unprotected as it
was now. It was not the purpose of this bill, as
was indicated in the remarks of several gentlemen
who opposed it, to augment the standing army m
time of peace; it was not supported by members
who would favor such a policy; but the object was
to raise an appropriate force for this particular ser-
vice. The gentleman from Tennessee, ttvli.
Jokes,] whose opinions in reference to economy
in the expenditures of the Government h« (,&!! 
