1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
who, to-day, charges me- with being profoundly
tgnoraht of the subject. I yesterday made the
assertion that there were a large number of men
unemployed. I was contradicted by the honorable
chairman of the Military Committee, [Mr. Burt,]
upon the floor and in private conversation. I have
such unbounded confidence in his opinions and
statements generally, that i was almost inclined to
yield my own; buttspon reference to the report of
the Adjutant General, I am fully confirmed. That
report gays there are now ten thousand ei;ht hun-
dred mea in the army—a few being excused from
service, out on parole, &c. Now, if 1 am igno-
rant, I trust the honorable chairman of-the com-
mittee will enlighten me, and the House, and the
country, by stating how many men there arc in
actual service, where they are, and whether they
■are actually necessary.
Mr. BtJRT sard he was altogether disposed to
to make a truce with the gentleman from Alabama;
but he must decline the task the gentleman asked
him to assume—to enlighten the gentleman; be-
cause he (Mr. B ) could only give information 
it was the only thing he desired to do. It was
that these companies or skeletons of companies at
-different posts, which were noticed by the Adju-
tant General, were there to take care of the public
property. He did suppose that everybody knew
that it wa« necessary that troops should be con-
tinued at the workshops, in the Ordnance Depart-
ment and all other departments of construction,
■at the armories of the United States, and he
•undertook to say, as he had said yesterday* that
if any gentleman would, on his own responsibility,
rise and say that there was any number of the pri-
vates in the army o£ the United States, who were
*iot, at this moment, usefully—ay, judiciously
-employed, he spoke of that which he did not
know.
Mr. COBB. I have insinuated it very strongly.
(A laugh.) [ would like the gentleman now to
•correct m* if I am wrong.
Mr. BURT.
the protection of our citizens there; but I am op-
posed to increasing the number of men who are
idle aad unemployed, and I do not inrend tto be
misrepresented by the gentleman from South
Carolina or any other man, either here or else-
where.
Mr. JONES desired the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mason] to yield the floor, to allow
him (Mr. J.) to say a very few words.
Mr.McC-LER.NAND objected to the floor being
yielded up to one gentleman after another, for this
irregular discussion. If it was the intention of the
House that the debate should proceed, he (Mr.
McC.) desired that all sides should be heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mason] can only yield the floor for
purposes of explanation. If the matter goes be-
yond that, it must be done by the acquiescence of
the House.
Mr. INGE, f hope that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Mason] will call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, requested the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] to yield
the floor, for the purpose of enabling him (Mr. C.)
to,make a brief explanation.
Mr. MASON, hesitating—
TheSPEAKER said: The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mason] will proceed with hrs remarks.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, I did feel disposed to ;
submit a few remarks to the House upon the bill j
now under consideration. 1 am satisfied, however, j
that the House fully understands the subject. The j
House certainly ought to show regard,'if it will i
show regard to anything, to the recommendation
of the President of the United States in relation to
the protection of the frontier. The House ought
to pay some respect to the opinion of the Senate,
by which body this bill has been already passed,
and also for the opinion of one of the committees of
this House, by whom it has been deliberately con-
sidered. The House has heard the matter thor-
£ say that the ordnance men— j,oughly debated, and I do not suppose that any i
<ioes the gentleman know whatordnance men are ?
Mr. COBB. The chairman can enlighten me
if [ do not.
Mr. BURT. If the gentleman does know what
ordnance men are, and what are tbeir duties, he
will rise and say so.
Mr. COBB. I had rather get it from the chair-
man's lips, and then we shall have it by authority.
Mr- BURT, (continuing.) The House cannot
fail to see the character of such remarks as the
gentleman from Alabama is inflicting upon the
House.
I say again, in justice to the Secretary of War,
no man has been at the head of that department
who has made a more judicious disposal of the
troops at the various points than he has. I defy
contradiction from any quarter. I am no political
friend of the Secretary; but I cannot keep silence
when such imputations are made. I cannot with-
hold my testimony in favor of a public officer who
does his duty, though I have no political sympa-
thies with him.
Mr. COBB interposed.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Burt.) Does the
gentleman yield the floor to the gentleman from
Alabama ? "
Mr. BURT. I will give the gentleman the
fioor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina having yielded, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mason,] who was previously recog-
nized, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB appealed to thegentleman from Ken-
tucky to allow him to say a word. !
Mr. MASON yielded.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina or no other gentleman shall place me, by the
use of language which he sees fit to employ, in a
position before the country in which I do not ;
choose to stand. I have not uttered a solitary j
sentence against the officers of the War Depart-
ment—I have not even thought a disrespectful
thought of them. I was speaking from the re-
cords of the country. Will the gentleman tell
me that there are nine hundred men at St. Louis
actively employed ? or that at Troy, Detroit, and
Fort Munroe, there are one thousand eisht hun-
dred and ninety-seven men actively, and as the
gentleman says, usefully employed? I do not
intend to make any opposition to sending troops
to the western frontier, such as are necessary for
marks which I can make will throw any additional
| light upon it. I have no doubt that those gentle-
men who are so anxious to make explanations are
! just as well understood now as there is any neces-
| sity of their being understood, so far as any addi-
; tional light which* may be imparted to the House
i is concerned. I therefore call for the previous
! question; and I hope the House will sustain the
' motion, in order to afford an opportunity of going
! into Committee of the Whole to consider bills upon
i the private calendar.
j Mr. BURT called for tellers on (he demand for
; the previous question.
i Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Potter, of
I Ohio, and Tuck, of New Hampshire, were ap-
i pointed.
| Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Before the
; question is taken, I desire to be informed by the
! Chair whether, if the previous question should be
; sustained, any of the motions which have been
j submitted will be in order?
• The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the ef-
] feet of the motion: The first question, if the pre-
| vious question is sustained, will be on the motion
! to refer to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; that failing, the question will
recur on the amendment reported from the Com- j
mittee on Military Affairs, and then on the third j
| reading of the bill. ' j
Mr. THOMPSON". Then none of those mo- j
tions of which notice has been given will be in j
order?
The SPEAKER. They will not.
The question was then taken; and, by ayes 90,
noes 35, the demand for the previous question
I was seconded.
Mr. HARALSON desired to have read an
| amendment which he wished to offer.
; Objection was made.
j The mam question was then ordered. j
: Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on the 1
, main question, which were ordered; and, being j
] taken, were—yeas 54, nays 110; as follows :
! YEAS—Messrs. Albemon, Allen. Averett, Rowdon, Bend, j
' W. J Brown, Btiel. J Cable, W. J?. W. Cobb, Conger, ;
i Conrad, Ciowell, Dickey, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, j
' Fuller, Giddings, Green, Hall, Haial^on, Harlan, /sham G \
Harris, T. L. Harris, A. Jolui.-on, Jomv, Juhan. Preston !
i King, La Sere, Littiefield, H. Mann, McMullen, Meade ;
J Miller, MiUson, Morris, Old?, Orr, Parker, Robbing Sack- j
; ett, Sawielle, Sprague, R. H. Sianton. Sweeter, Thomas, j
I Jacob Thompson, Tuck, VenaWe, Wallace, Wellborn, t
j Weatwortb, and Wildrick—54. i
I *> Messr?. Alexander, Anderson, Aslinron. Baker,
j Bay, Bennett, B s>eJl, Booth, B >wl n, Brwcgs, Brooks, Kur-
rowg. Hurt, C. Butler, E. C Cah< n G. A.Caldw«|K J. P.
| C.tl well, Calvin, Campbell, Cartier, Casey, C^wfter.
I £Jwrke> CJolcock, Cole, Cnrwm, Deberry. Dixon, A. Evans,
| N Evans, Feat)«erf=ton,Fitch>Fo\vleriPreedlt*y.Gentry,GiK
j more, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott, Gould. Grinnell, Hallo way.
Hampton, Hay, Havroond, Hdrard, Henry, Hihbard, Hii-
frnrd, floaglaitd, HoHaday, Holmes, Houston, Howaid*
f Howe, Hubbard, Jrw>, J. W. Jackson, W. T. Jackson!
J. L.Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, J. A. King*
Leffler, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, McGaudn-y, Me'
Kissodk, WcWIIlie, M aeftam, Morehead, Morion. Ogle,
tT,Sj %,wen> Peaslee, Phpljfc, Pitman, "Potter, Piunaim
K>ed, Reynolds, Ridley, Robinson, Savage, _ Schoolcraft,
Seddon, Silvester "Spaulflu.g. Stanly, A. H. Stephens, Jii
St ven«, Su-t-on, Strong, Taylor, w. Thomp*onjThurmHifix
loombs, Underbill, Vmton, Warden, Waldo, WatkinsJ?
White, Williams, Wilson, Winthrop, and Wood—110.
So the House decided that the bill should not be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. MEADE inquired jf i-t was in order to move
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs, with instructions?
The SPEAKER said, it was not in order.
Mr. HARALSON inquired if it was in order
now to move an amendment?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the committee was agreed to. . -
And the bill was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. BURT moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The bill was then read a third time by its title,
and the question being, " Shall this bill pass?"—
Mr. BURT asked the previous question, which,
( by ayes 88, noes 48, was seconded.
! The main question was ordered, being, " Shall
i this bill pass ?"
j Mr. BOYD and others demanded the yeas and
| nays, Mr. B. remarking that he wished to record
' his vote against the bill.
j The y"eas and nays were ordered, and, being
| taken, were—yeas 107, nays 59; as follows:
i YEAS—Me&sry. Alexander, Anderson, Aslimun, Baker,
j Ray, Bennett, 8i«sell, Booth, Bowdon, Bowhn, Briggs,
! Brooks, William J. Brown. Bunows, Botf. Che^ter-Batler,
j E. C. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Caltrifi,
! Campbell, Cariter,Ca-oy, Chandler. Clarke,Colcn-k, Cole,
I Conrad, Corwin, Deberrj, Dixon. Ah-xander Evans, Na-
] than Evans, Fowler, Freedlev, Gentry, Choderrow, G« U,
| Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Hallowa'y, Hampton, Hay, Haymond,
i Hebard, Billiard, Hoasland, i4©i?ad; y, H Imeg, Houston,
| Howard, Howe, Hunter, Inge,. Joseph W. Ja kson. Wil-
> liam T. Jaek-on,James L.Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr.George
, G. Kins, John A. King, La Sere, L* Marshall, Mason,
; McClernand, McDonald. McGauebey, McKi«sock,^Meach-
: am. Miller, Morehead, Morton. Onle, Otis, Owen, Phelps,
; Ptiman, Potter. Putnam, Reed, Reynold,lu-ley, "Rohin^on,
■ Savage, Schoolcraft,Seddor ,Sh« ppprd,Si!ves-ter Spaulding,
: Stanly, A. H Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taj lor, Wil-
. liam Thompson, Thurman, Toomhs, Vmton, Walden, Wal-
| do, Watkins, Well burn, Wentworth, White, Williams,and
ji Winthrop—107.
r NAYS—Mt-ssrs. Albertson, A0en,Ashe, Boyd, Albert G.
jt Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, W. R. W. Cobb. Conger,
|i Crowell, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Dilrkee, Featberston,
!; Fuller, Giddmg--, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Haralson, fl[ar-
!j Ian, Ishatn G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard,' Hab-
ij bard. Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Ij Preston K ng, Littlefield, Horace Mann, McLanahan, Mc-
j Mullen, McQueen, McWillie, Mead". Million, Morris,
Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Powell, Sfic'^ett, Richard H.
Stanton, Stftson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Wallace,
Wilditck, Wood, and Woodward—59.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BUR T moved to reconsider the vote, and
to lay that motion on the table. f
The latter motion was agreed to, and
The bill stands passed.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House on the
private calendar.
A motion was made to adjourn, end rejected.
Mr. BURT inquired if the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole House on the private
calendar, having once been made and rejected,
would take preoedonce of a motion to so info Com-
miitee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole House takes precedence,
other business having intervened since the motion
was previously made.
The question was taken,on the motion of Mr.
Thomas, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 82,
noes 50. . ■/« 
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
