1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
mittee of the Whole House, (Mr. Whjtk in the
chair,) for the consideration of the private calen-
dar, under the rule which provides that, upon the
first and fourth Fridays in every month, the cal-
endar of private bills shall be called over, and the
bills, to the passage of which no objection shall
then be made, shall be first considered and disposed
of.
No debate, therefore, was in order.
The following bills coming up in their order on
the calendar, were objected to as indicated below,
and consequently laid aside for future considera-
tion, viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joshua Eddy,
deceased; [objected to by Mr. Million.]
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Larkin Smith;
[objected to by Mr. McMullen.]
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Bartlett Hinds; [objected to by Mr. Richardson.]
A bill to incorporate the Columbian Manufac-
turing Company in the District of Columbia; [ob-
jected to by Mr. Bowlin, who said the bill was
one of a public nature, and should be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.]
A bill for the relief of Charles Lee Jones, [ob-
jected to by Mr. Hall.]
A bill for the relief of William P. Wallace and
Joseph R. McFadden; [objected to by Mr. Mc-
Mullen.]
A bill for the relief of Horatio N. Crabb; [ob-
jected to by Mr. Cartter.]
Mr. MARSHALL said itwas not likely, from
the course of procedure, that anything would be
done in committee—all the bills being objected to—
he therefore moved that the committee rise.
Mr. WOOD called for tellers, and Messrs.
Strong and Schermerhorn were appointed such.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 66, noes 56. So it was determined that the
committee rise.
The committee rose accordingly, and its chair-
man reported progress upon the several^ills which
came up for consideration. •
On motion by Mr. TOOMBS, it was resolved
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Pending which motion, the House adjourned
until Monday next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under'the rule, and referied to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. MErlCI] AM : The petition of William Slade and
other citizens of Middlebury, Veimont, asking that a na-
tional vessel may be employed tor the transportation ot dele-
gates totlie Peace Convention at Frankfort,in Germany.
By Mr. BOWLIN : The petition of Eriw.ud J. Glasgow,
of in behalf ot lumselt and others, constituting
two companies, organized under Colonel Doniphan, in Mex-
ico, trom the teamsters and traders accompanying that ex-
pedition, piaying to be recognized a* a part of that army,
and placed upon the same tooting as the other Missouri
volunteers, with whom thc.v seiveif.
By Mr. HENRYf: The meinoual of Cyrus Washburn,
president, and other officers of the Medical Society of Wind-
ham county, Vermont, that the grades of medical ofheera of
the navy may have the same degree of jank relatively to
officer? of the line in the navy, as corresponding gin<.e* of
medi'.al officers m the army now possess, according to law.
By Mr. REED: The petition of Robert Holmes and 60
others, (itizeus and electors of the State of Pennsylvania,
for the Repeal of all laws sanctioning slavery or the slave
tiad-i in*the District of Columbia; and in case of their non-
repeal, that the seat of Government he removed from YVash-
ingfon.
Also, the petition of Dr. McKeehanand71 others, citizens
and electors of Pennsylvania, foi the prohibition ot slavery
and the slave tiade m all the territories ol the United States.
By Mr. MILLSON: The memorial of William Seidon,
M. D , and 34 other physicians and surgeons in and out of
the naval seivice, asking the passage of a law securing as-
similated rank to the medical officers m the navy.
Ry Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Joshua Perry and 55
others, citizen* of Hainson, Massa< hu&etts, tor t'e repeal
Of Jaws sanctioning slavery in the District of Columbia.
AifO, for the prohibition ot slavery m the District of Co-
lumbia. Also, for the trial of fugitives by juiy.
Also, against the admission of any more sdave States into
the Union.
IN SENATE.*
Friday, May 24, 1850
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial from Al-
lien Mar^n, Professor of Surgery in the Albany
Medical Coliege,and several other medical profess-
ors, asking that Congress will pass a law grant-
ing to medical officers of the navy the same degree
of rank relaiively to officers of the line in the navy
as corresponding grades of medical officers in the
army possess, according to law relating to officers
of the line in the army, provided that the assimi-
lated rank thereby conferred shall not entitle any
medical officer in the navy to increased pay, and
to take precedence of any officer who may be
in legal command of any port, station, or vessel
to which such medical officer might be attached for
duty.
These medical officers of the navy (Mr. Sew-
ard said) conceive they ask only what is just
and reasonable; they do not ask a right to com-
mand officers of the line nor any power not desig-
nated in their present commission, nor exemption
from any duty. It is hoped, therefore, that the
justice and propriety of their cause will not be less
apparent because it is urged against numbers by a
comparatively small corps of men. i move its
reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I have also three others, similar in all respects
to the one just presented. The one from Troy,
signed by Thomas C. Brimmoele, President of
Rensselaer County Medical College, and seventeen
other respectable physicians in that place; one
from Utica, signed by John McCall, and fifteen
other medical gentlemen, and the other from Ly-
ons, in Wayne county, m the same State, signed
by J. B. Pierce, President of the Wayne County
Medical Society, and fourteen other medical gen-
tlemen, of respectable standing, for which 1 ask
the same reference. The memorials were referred
accordingly.
Mr. DAYTON. I have been charged with the
presentation of three memorials, similar, I believe,
to those just presented by the Senator from New
York, asking that a rank may be assigned by law
to the medical officers of the navy, corresponding
to that conferred by law on officers of the same
grade in the medical department of the army. One
is from Charles Garrison and several other physi-
cians, members of the Gloucester County District
Medical Association of New Jersey; one from'
Newark, signed by Dr. L. A.-Smith, and other
physicians of that and of Ehzabethtown, in that
State; and the other from Princeton, in the same,
signed by Dr. J. Stilwell Schenck, which I desire
may have a like reference. They were referred
accordingly.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition of citizens
of the State of Ohio, asking that slavery may be
prohibited in all the territories of the United States.
Also, a petition from the same, asking that no
State may hereafter be admitted into the Union
whose constitution does not expiessly prohibit
slavery within its limits.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that slavery may be prohibited by law in
the territories recently acquired from Mexico; thai
fugitive slaves may be allowed fche right of trial by
jury in the State where arrested, the slave trade
abolished in the District of Columbia, and Califor-
nia admitted as a State into the Union with her
i present constitution and boundaries; all of which
| were ordered to lie on the table.
| Mr. STURGEON presented four memorials of
j physicians, members of medical associations, and
' other citizens of Pennsylvania, asking that a rank
may be assigned to the medical officers of the navy
corresponding with that of officers of similar grade
in the medical department of the army; which j
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, j
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of J. R.
Jefferson and other mail contractors, asking com-
pensation for their services in carrying the mail;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Maine, asking that a Government vessel may
be allowed to convey the delegates to the Peace
Convention at Frankfort, in Germany; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Bangor, in the
State of Maine, asking that a rank may be as-
signed by law to the officers of the navy corre-
sponding with those of the army; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
AUo, the memorial of the heirs of John Crosby,
asking indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition from JamesStackpole, jr , pray-
ing that a limitation as to time may be fixed for
the recovery of fugitive slaves, and that the citi-
zens of one State in another State may be protected
in the full enjoyment of all the privileges of citi-
zenship as guarantied by the Constitution; which
was ordered to He on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of the
heirs of James Williams, deceased, asking indem-
nity for French spoliations; which was laid upon
the table.
Mr. P. also presented three memorials of phy-
sicians and members of medical associations of
Maryland, praying that a rank may be assigned
by law to the medical officers of the navy corre-
sponding to that of officers of similar grade in the
medical department of the army; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TURNEY presented a memorial of physi-
cians and other citizens of Knoxville, Tennessee,
praying that a rank may be assigned by law to the
medical officers of the navy corresponding to that
; of officers of a similar grade in the mcdicaldepart-
ment of the army; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval affairs.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citizens
of Dougal township, Pennsylvania, praying that
fugitive slaves may be allowed the right of trial by
jury when arrested by persons claiming their ser-
vice; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. NORR1S presented a memorial of physi-
cians of Concord, New Hampshire, members of
the Centre DistrictMedical Society of New Hamp-
shire, praying that a rank may be assigned by law
to the medical officers of the navy corresponding
to that held by officers of similar grade in the
i medical department of the army; which was re-
j ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
j On motion by Mr. JONES.
I Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Interior
; of the 21st of May, m relation to the claim of Alexander
Sanders, a Cheiukee Indian, to a pension, be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Mrs.
Lomax, widow of the late Major Lomax, asking
to be placed on the pension roll, submitted a re-
port, which was ordered to be printed, accompa-
nied by a bill for her relief, which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of
Willis H. Chase, of Florida, asking to be released
from a certain judgment obtained against him by
the United States for duties on railroad iron, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same, and that it be referred to the Committtee
on Finance; which was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po?t Office and Post
i Roads be instructed to Inquire into the expediency of pro-
' viding by law for the establishment of a post office for the
two Houses of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following res-
olutions, which were severally considered and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Palatine Hill, in the county nf Ma-
rion, Vn^mia, to Ringwood, in the county of Preston, by
the way of Morgan's Settlement and Jacob Miller's.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Officc and Post
Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route fiom the German settlement in the
county ot Preston, Virginia, by the way of Western Ford,
to Leadville, in the county of Randolph.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide additional security for the lives and prop-
erty of persons navigating the western watersj
which was read a first and second time by its-title
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the State of Illinois to select the balance of the
lands to which she is entitled under the act of 2d
March, 1827, granting land to aid the State in
opening a canal to connect the waters of the Illi-
nois river and those of Lake Michigan; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice that he would
