1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
^ be renewed, the .structure will be strengthened, and
those improvements will be made which are ne-
cessary in the refining department. When the
objects fur which appropriations were made by that
bill are carried out, the mint at Philadelphia will
be able to work at its fullest capacity, and will
coin, I venture to say, quite as much bullion and
foreign coin, as will be required. We know that
in the year 1847, when under peculiar circum-
stances a great deal of foreign gold was brought
into the country, there was no complaint of the in-
efficiency of the mint. When the delay arising
from the circumstances I have mentioned shall be
obviated, and the improvements contemplated in
the mint are made, it will be -able to execute dou-
ble what it could before. At the present time, it
executes an immense amount of coinage. The
Senator from Pennsylvania informed me yester-
day, that the amount of coinage during the pres-
ent month would be three millions of dollars, of
which, to be sure, but a small propoi tion was silver.
I observe, by a statement in the papers, that from
the first to the eighteenth of the present month,
about two millions were coined. At that rate it
will amount to more than three millions for the
present month, or at the rate of about forty mil-
lions per year. That is as large an amount as the
mint will ever be required to coin.
Now, sir, as to the expense. The people of
New York complain of the expense of transporta-
tion That expense is but a mere trifle, only
about the thirtieth part of one per cent, upon £old,
and about the tenth part of one per cent, on silver.
The expense of transporting gold, which is now
always done by the expresses, is thirty-seven and
a half cents per thousand dollars, and on silver one
dollar per thousand, or one-tenih of one per cent.
The communication before the Committee on Fi-
nance, which I have already mentioned, shows
that the expense of the Government for the trans-
portation of its coinage in the year 1847, was only
a little over five thousand dollars, although about
ei£iht millions of dollnrs were sent to the mint for
Government account, and four millions were re-
turned to New Yoik for distribution. Estimating
the amount deposited by individuals for coinage
at six millions of gold, and a million and a half of
silver, the expense to individuals will he about six
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars. There
remains no other expense, except that which is
occasioned by the delay fiom the time of the receipt
of the bullion to its delivery in coin. If well-
known foreign coin, of asceriained value, be de-
posited m the mint, and it is working at its ordi-
nary rate, coin can be furnished on the same day.
Bullion often requites one or two days before it
can be converted into coin. The time consumed
in transportation between New York and Phila-
delphia backwafds and forwards, is two days. So
that four days would be the whole delay—the
whole time for which the loss of interest would
have to be calculated. That, upon the estimate
before mentioned, would amount only to about
twenty-five hundred dollars; so that eight thousand
seven hundred and fitly dollars would be the whole
expense to individuals for coining six millions of
dollars. Now, suppose the whole amount depos-
ited for coinage amounted to four times that, the
expense would be only about thirty thousand dol-
lars a year.
I want to know whether the Government of the
United Slates, in order to benefit the merchants
and importers of New York to the amount of
eight thousand, or even thiriy thousand dollars a
year, is willing to saddle the Treasury with an
expenditure amounting pei haps to eighty thousand
dollars ? I take it for granted that if we establish
a mint at New York, the building will not be put
up at less cost than the building at New Orleans,
which is,the director of themint. informs us,a plain
brick structure, without any architectural orna-
ments whatever. Although the lot on which it is
built was presented to the Government by the city
of New Or leans, the whole cost of thestructure was
over three hundred thousand dollars, and the an-
nual cost of maintaining that institution is between
fifty and sixty thousand dollars. The annual cost
of maintaining the mint at Philadelphia is between
seventy and eighty thousand dollars. I think it
very probable that the mint at the city of New
York would be on a scale not inferior to that of
New Orleans, and ihat the cost, instead of being
three hundred thousand dollars, might amount to
five hundred thousand dollars, and that the annual
charge for the support and maintenance of that
institution would not be less than that of the mint
at Philadelphia—that is to say, from seventy to
eighty thousand dollars, besides the interest on the
investment, which would be from twenty to thirty
thousand dollars. Thus you will have to spend
from eighty to a hundred thousand dollars annu-
ally, to relieve the merchants and importers of
New York of a cost to them, at the largest calcu-
lation, not exceeding thirty thousand dollars a
year, even supposing the amount deposited for
coinage by private individuals to be twenty-five or
thirty millions of dollars. I do not perceive that
there is any reason in this.
Now, sir, there is another view in the same
communication from the director of the mint, to
which I would call the attention of the Senate.
The idea has obtained that New York being the
commercial centre is necessarily the monetary
centre, and that, being the place where foreign
coin and bullion is received, should be the place
of coinage. I do not perceive that this necessarily
follows. It must be considered that there is such
a thing as a point of distribution as well as a point
of reception; and 1 do not know whether Philadel-
phia is not quite as good a point of distribution
as New Yoik. Looking at the States immedi-
ately contiguous to New York, and those that will
derive their coinage from the proposed mint at
New York—the New England States and the State
of New York itself—it is found, according to the
returns furnished by the Treasury, that there are
fourteen millions of specie m the vaults of the
banks of those Slates. Now, let us compare that
with the specie m the vaults of the banks of those
States to which Philadelphia would be a very good
point of distribution—New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, Ohio, Kentucky, and Indi-
ana. The specie in the vaults of the banks of
those States, according to the same returns,
amounted to between nineteen and twenty mil-
lions of dollars. So that there would be actually a
larger amount distributed from Philadelphia than
from New York. This seems to me to be a view
well worthy the consideration of the Senate.
Then there is another view. Suppose the pro-
ject of the Senator'from Missouri be adopted, and
a mint at California be established. If that be
adopted it will do away, to a great extent at least,
with the necessity of this mint at New York; be-
cause it is not to be supposed that if we establish
a mint in California the gold dust and bullion of
California will come to New York for coinage.
Jt will be coined in California, and will arrive here
in the. shape of American gold. Therefore, there
will be no necessity for its coinage at New York.
But if we do not establish a mint in California
now, we probably shall do it at some future time.
At all events, I think we shall very soon establish
an assay office there, and that will obviate, in part,
the necessity for a mint at New York; because if j
the value of a bar of gold be ascertained by assay
in California, it will not be subjected to the delay
which now takes place in Philadelphia in the assay
department of the Philadelphia mint, since it will
come with an ascertained value.
But, in addition to this, if it be necessary for
the Government to tax the people of the United j
States for the benefit of the commerce of New I
Trork, and for the benefit of those merchants of!
New York who receive gold from distant parts of
our own country or from foreign countries, the ,
object can be accomplished almost equally well, !
and with much less expense, by another means, j
which has been suggested by the director of the :
mint. That is, to make arrangements by which j
the bullion or foreign coin shall be deposited in ,
the office of the assistant treasurer at New York.
Under the present system there is generally a large
accumulation of specie there, and if the bullion can
be sent at the expense of Government to Philadel-
phia, and coined there, and the information of its
value be communicated without delay, in the space
of two days at the furthest, the merchant of New
York would receive American coin for his foreign
coin or bullion. I am not able to state this more
in detail, but it is very manifest such an arrange-
ment as that might be made with considerable
saving to the Treasury. The director of the mint
at Philadelphia has estimated that the cost of this
arrangement would probably be about twelve
thousand dollars per annum.
These are the general considerations which
incline me to think that the Senate of the United
States would not be acting wisely in adopting this
bill. If it be objected that my views are those of
the director of a rival to the proposed mint, I cars
only say that his facts are not contradicted, and
that a sound argument loses none of its force be-
cause it is derived from one whose interest coin-
cides with his conclusions.
Mr. BUTLER. I have an amendment to estab-
lish a branch mint at Charleston, in South Caro-
lina. It does not propose to incur any additiona?
expense, either in the erection of buildings or m
the employment of officers, except one, and it is
veiy different perhaps from the amendment offered
by the Senator from Missouri. The Government
has already made an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a new custom-house m the city of Charles-
ton, and a part of that custom-house may be well
used for the purpose of carrying on the operations
of a mint. I do not know that I should have
offered this amendment but for the bill that has
been offered by my friend from New York. 1
would say, however, that it does seem to me that
there aro stronger and more numerous reasons for
the establishment of a branch mint in Charleston
than in the city of New York. And I make this
remark that the law maxim may very well be ap-
plied to the current of commerce—aqua currit atque
semper cucivrrit. Now, if we let the current of
commerce run, as it heretofore has run, from the
mother mint of Philadelphia, perhaps all might
conform to it, and produce, no very great derange-
ment; but if you establish a branch mint in the
city of New York, you will necessarily do injus-
tice to other portions of the country and other
commercial cities of the Union, because there is a
large amount of foreign coin coming fiom the West
India islands through the «1ty of Charleston.
There is a large amount of bullion which would
go to Dahlonega and Charlotte. There areabout
half a million of dollars carried tothe3etwo works.*
Whether it would go to Charleston or not, I do
not know; but as this is a commercial point, the
coinage would be distributed sooner from this
point than from the interior mint. But if you make
Philadelphia the great reservoir from which the
channels of commerce are to be supplied through-
out the United States, I think we ought to be sat-
isfied. 1 protest against this partial legislation.
I know that New York has strong claims; I know
that she pays two-thirds of all the import duties;
that she has a large commerce; but by establishing
a branch mint there you would only tend to in-
crease that commerce at the expense of other
cities, which are equally entitled to the incidental
advantages of establishments of this kind. I am
not prepared to say that I shall vote for the estab-
lishment of a branch mint in the city of New
York. If this had been a new question, perhaps
I might. But if the mint at Philadelphia can sup-
ply the demands of the country, by taking up all
the foreign coin and the gold from California, it
will answer all the purposes for which a mint is
j necessary. If, however, you are to have a new
j establishment on the Atlantic, I can see no reason
i why Charleston should not have at least a elaim
upon the liberal and just policy of this Govern-
ment; for, as I have said before, every one of
I those mints established in conformity with the
| policy on which it is proposed to establish this
| mint at New York, will only make an injurious
I diversion against the interests of other cities; and
j I will say further, that much, if not all, of the
j gold which would come to Charleston, and Geor-
gia, and North Carolina, from the West Indies,
i if there was a mint at Charleston, would neces-
! sarily be carried to New York to be distributed
through other channels of commerce. My friend
from New York may have given good reasons for
the establishing of a mint in that city so far as its
commerce is concerned; but he must see that if
he interferes with the existing system, it ought to
be in such a way as not to do injustice to other
sections of the country.
With regard to the establishment of a mint at
San Francisco, there may be strong reasons in
support of it; because it is at a great distance from
any other mint, and there is much gold requiring
coinage there. But the establishment of such a
mint would be a sirong argument against the ne-
cessity of a mint at New York; for, as my friend
from Maryland has observed, much of the gold
that would go to New York for coin&ge would be
coined in California, and the necessity for a mint at
New York would thus in a great measure be ob-
