1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
shall not, therefore, vote for the amendment, nor
do I think that I shall vote for the bill itself.
Mr. COOPER. I only desire to say a word in
reply to the repeated assertion of my friend from
New York, that the mint at Philadelphia has not
the capacity. Now, sir, I have from the director
of the mint the amount coined from the 1st to the
18th day of the present month, inclusive. The
amount coined was $1,880,320 in gold, in other
metals $23,000, making $1,903:320 in eighteen
days. At this rate there would be coined during
the mon'h $3,172,200. I will state here that the
capacity of the mint is said to be equal to the coin-
age of §3,500,000 per month. Now I will ask the
Senate, with these facts before them, whether there
be a necessity for the establishment of a mint at
New York, and paying annually, besides the cost
of erecting suitable buildings at the beginning,
eighty or a bundled thousand dollars to keep it
up?
There has been an extraordinary state of things
prevailing, as I before stated, during the last si-
months, and in the beginning, owing to circum-
stances which I need not refer to again, the mint at
Philadelphia was inadequate to the discharge of its
duties in such a manner as to satisfy the commercial
and business men; but the inadequacy has been
supplied, and they are now in a condition to coin
all the bullion and gold dust that is sent as quickly
as it could be coined if there were even another
miritat New York; bullion and dust sent there for
coinage could be coined in twenty-four, or at all
events in forty-eight hours. The gentleman from
New York says that there has been but about
two or three millions of dollars coined there during
the present year.
Mr. DICKINSON. I said that over and above
the California gold coined there had been not more
than two millions and a half coined.
Mr. COOPER. Well, I had misunderstood the
gentleman. I will state, in further illustration of
the capacity of the mint in Philadelphia to do all
that it may be required to do, that in 1847, with
machinery altogether unequal to what it is now,
there were coined there eleven millions five hun-
dred and forty-five thousand two hundred and
seventy-eight pieces. This embraced, of course,
both gold, silver, and copper coins. Hereafter
there will be but little silver and copper coined. If
these pieces averaged five dollars, that would
amount to $57,726,390. With these facts before
them, I leave the Senate to answer whether there
is any necessity for the establishment of a branch
mint at New York.
Mr. WEBSTER. I should be very willing to
consider the propriety of the establishment of a
branch mint at Charleston, as a matter by itself.
I am not quite willing that it should be attached to
this bill, because i^ has been stated that the pro-
ceeding may embarrass the progress of this ques-
tion. I think it best in such cases that each propo-
sition should stand or fall on its own merits. There
is a general impression in the New England commu-
nity, I believe, certainly among those with whom
I am acquainted, in its commercial relations, that
there is a propriety in establishing a mint at New
York. As far as I know, Boston puts in no claim
for herself, although the quantity of bullion im-
ported into Boston, for some years past, has been
quite considerable. But I think there is a senti-
ment among the commercial classes in Boston, that
New York, being so near to them, and New York
being to so great an extent the commercial empo-
rium of the country, it would be very useful to
New England and to the country. I am inclined,
therefore, to vote for the bill for the establishment
ofa branch mint at New York, and notat all indis-
posed to take up the proposition submitted for a
branch mint at Charleston; but it would be better
to keep each measure by itself, to stand or fall, ac-
cording to the judgment of Congress, on its own
separate merits.
Mr. REWARD. Certainly, I am of opinion,
Mr. President, that it is very desirable there should
be a branch mint in California, and that it should
be established as speedily as possible. I have no
doubt that a great loss is sustained by the youthful
community rising there, which, struggling with so
many embarrassments, can ill aftord the loss re-
sulting from the necessity of shipping bullion and
gold dust to other parts of the world, for the pur-
pose of coinage. I shall, therefore, be most happy
on all occasions, after the State of California shall
have become a member of this Union, or even be-
fore that time, while she remains a part of this em-
pire, to vote for a branch mint, whenever a bill for
that purpose shall come before the Senate.
The question of establishing a mint in Charles-
ton, is one upon which my mind has not been
engaged. I am not prepared to say that I would
vote, or ought to vote, for the establishment of a
mint at that place; but I am not prepared to say,
on the other hand, that I ought not so to vote. I
am not particularly informed at this time, of the
state of mining operations in South Carolina, in
Virginia, in Georgia, in Alabama, and elsewhere
in the southern portion of the Union, without
which an intelligent vote could not begiven. But
I submit to those who have offered these amend-
ments, whether, if it be their object, as it undoubt-
edly is, to obtain the separate institutions which
they propose, it is not as prudent and as wise—as
it certainly is fair and just—to detach thern from
this bill, which may be overpowered by a com-
bined opposition to the whole three measures,
when at least one, and perhaps all of them, might,
severally, obtain the favor of the Senate ? I hope,
therefore, that this bill may be put distinctly upon
its own proper merits. And I confess that the
very learned and elaborate argument submitted to
us some time ago, by the honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] has so far fortified my
own objections to the process of legislative " tack-
ing," as to make me more unwilling than ever to
combine several diflerent and discordant proposi-
tions in one bill.
Mr. President, what is the necessity for a mint
anywhere ? It is for the sole purpose—or, at least,
chiefly for the purpose—of saving our mercantile
community, and, through them, the whole people,
the loss and expense incident to the transportation
of bullion to foreign mints, for the purpose of being
coined, and thus converted into money, in which
shape only the metal is adapted to the uses of com-
merce as a medium of exchange. The expense of
assaying and coinage, is an expense"which theGov-
ernment ought to bear, and ought to bear freely and
fully. It is the duty of the Government to perforin
the function of coinage for the citizen, because it
assumes to furnish to the citizen the currency
which he needs, while it excludes him from fur-
nishing it himself. Our Government undertakes
to perform this function without seigniorage or
charge—stipulating only, that the citizen shall sup-
ply the metal to be assayed and coined. Since the
Government has assumed itexclusively, they ought
to perform it in that way which will be least ex-
pensive to the mercantile community, and which,
of course, will devolve the least burden upon the
country.
Now the commerce of this country and of this
continent is concentrated in one port. It is there
that money is to be used and employed; it is there
that bullion and money are to be imported and ex-
| ported; and it is there that coin, first and princi-
j pally, is to be used as the medium of exchange of
; the productions of all countries and of all climes,
i Where, then, ought to be the mint which furnishes
j this medium of exchange? If anywhere, it ought
| to be as near as possible to the wharves from
I which it is to be exported, and where it is to be
imported, and where the exchanges of which it is
the agent are to be made. It ought to be there,
instead of being, as it now is, at a distance of one
hundred miles from the place where its functions
are to be performed. Every argument which can
be brought for maintaining that the mint of the
chief commercial port of the Union should be lo-
cated at a distance of one hundred miles from its
wharves, would apply with equal justice ar.d equal
force in favor of transferring the seat of the collec-
tion of the customs to the same distance. So that,
according to this principle, we ought to have our
custom-houses in Philadelphia for transacting the
mercantile business of the city of New Y'ork.
The argument of the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] conceded the whole point, when he
said that, if the question was m the first instance
upon establishing a mint for the United States,
the convenience Of trade, he should think, would
be a conclusive argument for locating it in the city
ofNew York. And the argument of the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper] brings us to
precisely the same conclusion, when he says, that
if a mint shall be established in New \ oik, the
institution in Philadelphia will expire, notwith-
standing it is supported by the patronage and fa-
vor of the Government, and all the commercial in-
terests of that great and flourishing city. We are
told, indeed, by the Senator from Maryland, that
at most there can be but an expense of thirty
thousand dollars a year to be saved to the mer-
cantile community by the establishment ofa mint
at New York. I say, sir, with all due deference,
that even that expense is more than the Govern-
ment has a right to impose upon the commercial
community, inasmuch as the Government has unr
dertaken to furnish coin, and commerce require#
that the expense of furnishing it should be made
as small as possible. But who can tell us the
amount of loss that is sustained by the exportes-
tation of bullion, and even unassayed gold dust,,
to Europe, to avoid the loss, risk, and delay of
transportatinn to and from Philadelphia for pur-
poses of coinage?
Mr. President, let us meet a great question
directly and justly. The mint was rightly estab-
lished in Philadelphia. When it was established
there, the commerce of the country was there.
But now commerce has changed its haunts. The
commerce of the country has concentrated, and
the commerce of the world is concentrating, at
New York. The Government must accommodate
itself to the change of times and of circumstances, or
maintain a conflict in which it must be overborne.
Sooner or later we shall come to this conclusion—
the sooner, of course, the safer and more wise. I
say nothing to the prejudice of Philadelphia, noth-
ing in hostility to its interests or its commerce, or
to the mint established there. Let it stand and
perform all the functions lequired of it. But let
us, at the same time, provide for the performance
of those same functions where they have become
necessary, and even absolutely indispensable.
Mr. PRATT. The subject embraced in the
bill of the Senator from Missouri is one on which
I have reflected before I came here, and 1 desire
now to say a few words, which are the result of
that reflection. I think it will be altogether inju-
dicious and impolitic to establish a branch mint at
this time in California. The great object which
it seems to me we should have in view, injooking
to that distinct territory, is to connect it with us
as much as we can by commercial and every other
relationship of interest which we may be able to
throw around it. Now, sir, if a branch mint is
established in California, the result will be that
all the gold found there will be coined there, and
thence it would go for distribution from the owners
of it throughout the world. As I am informed, it
appears that three-fourths of the gold found in
California now goes to other sections of the world
besides the United States. The major part of it
goes to England, and is there coined. It has ap-
peared to me that if an office of assay were estab-
lished in California, with the power given to the
assay officer, when gold is deposited, and its value
ascertained, to issue to the owner of the gold a
certificate of deposit, which would be payable in
some other part of the United States, it would
have two results, both of which would be benefi-
cial to the country. In the first place, it would
insure that all the gold which was mined in Cali-
fornia would be brought to the United States for
distribution; and, in the second place, it would be
a great benefit to those engaged in the mines,
because they would be able, at much less expense
to themselves, to transmit to the United States—
the point to which most of them would desire to
send it—all the gold which they might mine.
Such an arrangement would enable those who are
engaged in commerce there to make their business
transactions with New York or Philadelphia at
less expense than could be dome in any other way,
because they could transmit such certificates much
more readily than they could send the gold itself.
You would, therefore, insure necessarily a com-
mercial connection on the part of this distant ter-
ritory of ours with their own countrymen, which
they would undoubtedly prefer to any connection
with any other part of the world. And it would
be beneficial to this part of the United States by
making it, as a necessary law resulting from this,
that all the gold mined there should be brought to
the United States, because no one who had gold m
California, who could have it transmitted at a tri-
fling cost, and who wished to transmit it, would
object to having it transmitted in that way.
Now, sir, there would be no inconvenience re-
sulting to the United States if a plan of that kind
were adopted. 1 have suggested this to amember
of the Committee on Finance, and it appears to
