THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIV BS.—'TERMS |3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 30, 1850.
New Series.... No. G8 
Hshment of a mint at San Francisco, disconnected
with those two assay offices?
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the bill is re-
ported to the Senate, it will be in order to move to
strike out all after the enacting clause and insert a
substitute.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That will do. I want
to get at the proposition properly. I am against
these two assay offices, and I am in favor of the
establishment of a mint at San Francisco.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the Chair will re-
serve its opinion as to the question of order, i
apprehend it is not in order to strike out of the bili
a provision for one purpose, and insert something
else of a very different character. I apprehend it
is not in order to strike out the bill for the estab-
lishment of a mint in California, and insert what
is proposed, any more than it would be to insert a
land bill for California.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not think
the establishment of an assay office in California
is incompatible with the establishment of a mint
at San Francisco. Indeed, so far otherwise is the
effect, that the very amendment, with conditions,
was offered1 as an amendment to the proposition
of the Senator from Missouri to establish a mint
at Sin Francisco. It but comes in aid of a mint
at San Francisco. It is the establishment of an
assay office at the mines, where the miner will
have a chance to obtain the true value of his gold
dust from an office in the vicinity, instead of being
compelled to go himself, or employ an agent to go
to San Francisco. It is for the benefit of the
laborer in the mines that the oy(Hce should be estab-
lished near the mines, and would be a saving- to
him of not less than two dollars on every ounce of
gold dust, ft is to relieve the laborer of this
great loss that T propose these assay offices. I
think the assay offices more necessary than the
mint, and that for the interest of the miner the
assay offices are indispensable, while for the inter-
est of the Government the mint would also be
advantageous. I think there is no greater mistake
than to suppose that the gold will come in bars to
the United States, and that the coin will flow in
the channels of commerce. The reverse is cer-
tainly true. If we coin the gold in California, It
will have a tendency to come to the United States,
and it will only go into foreign countries when it
exists in such excess as to cause it to be recoined
abroad. The gold bar goes equally into all the
world, and the gold bar, much more than the gold
coin, will be sent to foreign countries through all
the channels of commerce. But this is not a mat-
ter of very great importance. I never have de-
sired to see gold accumulated in the United States
more than in other countries. I believe that was
the cause of the downfall of Spain in the time of
Fetdinand and Isabella. I would prefer that the
precious metals should not exist in excess here.
In reply to the remark of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, I would say we shall need an assay office
if a mint is established at San Francisco, and the
gold bars will come to the United States as much
our commerce demands, and beyond that we
have no right to it. I would say i think we re-
quire three mints only in the United States: one in
New Yoik, one in New Orleans, and the other in
California, wherever the point may be.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did not intend to make
at this time any remarks on the merits of this prop-
osition; but alter the suggestions of the Senator
from Mississippi, I will make one or two. This
gold dust, furnished from California, must be car-
ried somewhere, either in the United States or out
of the United States. I prefer the coming of it in
the United States, giving the American stamp to
all the currency which may grow out of the dis-
coveries of gold in California. If it be coined in
the United States, the next question which presents
itself is, where it is to be coined ? 1 presume most
of the Senators will agree with me as to the pro-
priety of having it coined at home. The question
will then be, where shall it be coined? it must
either be done in California, or it must be brought
to the Atlantic shores, to some of our cities here
to be coined. Now, it seems to me that it is for
68
the interest of those who dig the gold at the mines
to have corivementpUceswhere it can be converted
into coin. But there must be some limit to these
places where it shall be coined. You cannot have
a mint in all the various diggings in California.
The Government can scarcely be called upon to
erect a mint for the accommodation of these peo-
ple every hundred miles, or every two hundied
miles, when we are informed the ffold region ex-
tends over five hundred miles. What hrntt shall
we prescribe to the erection of mints? Will you
have more than one ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not propose
any in this amendment. There is no proposition
to establish a mint in California by this amend-
ment; it is to establish assaying offices; and if the
Senator will indulge me, I will tell him where the
points are which are proposed. The gold region
lies in a valley between primitive ridges of moun-
tains, and is from ten to twenty miles in width.
The valley in which the gold dust is found is
drained by two rivers, one running from the north
and the other from the south. Upon each of these
rivers it is proposed to erect assaying offices, to
which the miners may have access. But between
the mines upon these rivers, so draining this whole
extent of valley, there is no intercourse, no trade.
Each has a trade with San Francisco, but no trade
with each other. It is for this reason that the points
have been selected which are indicated in the
amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe I understood
these facts pretty well before, and I knew there
was no mint provided for in the Senator's amend-
ment, I stated, in the commencement of my re-
marks, that I did not intend, on this occasion, to
eo into the general subject, but to wait till some
future time during the progress of our action upon
this bill. But it seems to me just as well to take
a general view of the whole system now, as to
wait till I shall offer an amendment which I gave
notice that I should offer; because, in reviewing
this general system, we shall be prepared to say
what we will do; whether we will take the Sena-
tor's amendment or reject it, or wait and take mine
and adopt it. It is from considerations of this
sort that I think it is proper to take a general view
at this time; and, with that view, my remarks are
entirely pertinent.
To resume, then, I think membersof the Senate
will be disinclined to establish more than one mint
in California, if they do that at this time. If they
establish one mint only, that will be at San Fran-
cisco, I presume, by general consent, because the
remark of the Senator from Mississippi is entitled
to weight, in which he says it is the place where
the trade of the country centres. It is tne point
where all the exports are made from California,
and where the imports are made, and the trade of
the valleys of the Sacramento and San Joaquin
river centres. The trade of San Francisco is dis-
tributed by these two rivers, and it is the place
whence their exports of gold are taken. Now let
me ask if the miners, who obtain their supplies
from San Francisco, will not have almost daily
and weekly means of intercourse between th^t
point and the various diggings whence the goli is
raised ? We know, from the information we have
received, it is so now, and there will be no diffi-
culty m transmitting gold dust to that point to
have it coined. Does "the gentleman from Missis-
sippi propose that these two assay offices shall be
established, and a mint, likewise, at San Fran-
cisco, according to the amendment of the Senate*
from Missouri ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will explain. I have involved
hi my amendment no question of coinage—none
whatever. It is merely to provide that the dust
may be assayed and cast into bars, and it does not
matter whether we have a mint at San Francisco
or not. But if you have a mint at San Francisco
you must have an a?say office somewhere—either
in the same building where the mint is, or at the
mines. Now, if it shall appear, us stated by the
Senator from Missouri, that it will cost less^ to
have the dust assayed at the mines than at San
Francisco, that is a question for consideration.
But the Senator constantly confounds my propo-
sition with the establishment of a mint in Califor-
nia. I make no-proposition for any mint at all.
When there is a'mint established at San Francieco,
the bars will go from these assay offices to that
mint, there to be coined.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That I understand per-
fectly well. If you have assay offices^ according
to the proposition of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, the bars, after having been assayed there,
will be taken to San Francisco to be coined, or it
may be to be shipped to be cotred in some foreign
country, or be brought east to be coined here.
One or the other of these alternatives must prevail;
there is no way of escaping them, as everybody
can see. The question, then, is, will you bring
the gold east to have it assayed, or have it assayed
and coined in San Francisco? If the gold is
coined there, by establishing a mint at that place,
it seems to me there can be no necessity to have
the gold dust assayed at the place where, it is dug,
or at two places, and then transported to San Fran-
cisco, some one hundred and fifty or two hundred
miles, to have it coined. I wish to have the assay
office in the mint at San Francisco. I wish the mint
to be erected, and the buildings erected at San Fran-
cisco, to be sufficiently large and commodious to
accommodate the assayers as well as the comers.
I wish it all done at one place. On the subject of
expensef 1 cannot myself conceive—and nobody
has gone into the details, nobody has given us the
items—how it is possible to make three establish-
ments less expensive than one, where there shall
be a concentration in the same building of all the
officeis necessary to assay and ccin the gold. No
one has pretended to give us the items; no one has
gone into the estimates; but it is put on a general
declaration that it will be cheaper. I am not cred-
ulous enough to receive it in tha way. I do not
wish to be tedious to the Senate, but I want, in
the course of this business, to get my amendment
before the Senate, and have it voted on; ami if
it is voted down, 1 shall be content, or at l^east I
shall submit without saying a word. I would ask
if i can move to substitute the original amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, in lieu of the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi, now
offered ? ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is not in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, I am afraid we
are getting into an awful predicament. The gen-
tleman from New York advises me that he is not
willing to abide by the intimation given from the *
Chair, that when the bill is before the Senate 1 can
I move to strike out all after the enacting clause and
! insert my amendment. But it seems to me th$t,
' in the present condition of things* we can netfer
; get at my amendment.
i Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the Senator
I from Kentucky that when this bill U reported to
the Senate, he can move the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri; and if that amendment is
adopted, he can then move to strike out the other
clause of' the hill. It can be done in that way.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will tell the Senator how-
it can be done parliamentary. He can give no-
tice, before this amendment is voted upon, of his
intention to offer an amendment to establish a
mint instead of an assay office, and then those j-n
favor of a mint instead of an assay office will vote
against the pending amendment. That is the way
to <^et at it; but I am not willing to have a motion
made to strike out the whole bill and insert some-
iVfr. BRADBURY. I would ask if it will not
be in order for the Senator from Kentucky to move,
as an amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi) to stnke oat all after the
enacting: clause, and insert the amendment ottered
by the Senator from Missouri > That a""en°m^*
was not voted upon. It was first amende Z.
proposition that there should be two assayoffices
instead of one, so that the Senate has i
uoon that proposicion ; and, m ordBr
may be taken upon it, I will move ffL ijend-
of the Senator from Kentucky, that the *roena
