1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IQ75
pin, Iowa, and, he believed, Indiana; these bills
were, on some occasions, h« knew, rejected. He
thought that the people of the Territories could lay
out, cut, and make their roads as well as the peo-
ple of the States. If there were not so many peo-
ple there, they would not want so many roads.
There was, in his opinion, no more propriety in
the Government making roads for aTerritory than
in doing the same work for a State. He hoped
that the hill would not pass.
Mr. SIBLEY. In reply to the gentleman from
Tennessee, I would state, that it has been the
uniform practice of Congress to aid the organized
territories, by appropriations of money for the
construction of roads. The Government being
the only preat landholder, it is in accordance with
its own pecuniary interests, as well as just to
Minnesota, that proper means of access should be
afforded to immigrants who wish to settle upon
the public lands. The roads asked for are to be
the great thoroughfares of the country, some of
them to lead to your military posts and your In-
dian agencies, and this Government, by construct-
ing them, will, in a very few years, save more than
the sums asked for, by the consequent diminution
of the cost of transporting military stores and sup-
plies, and goods and provisions for annuities under
treaty stipulations. {repeat, sir, thataH the organ-
ized territories have been .liberally provided for in
this respect. Wisconsin, during the intervening
period between 1835 and 1845, received $104,000
for roads and harbors, and why should not our
territory be dealt with in an equally liberal man-
ner? 1 hope, sir, the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee will not be entertained by the
House.
Mr. PARKER appealed to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to withdraw his motion
temporarily in order to allow him (Mr. P.) to
move to amend the bill fay striking out from the
17th to the 19th lines.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia would be in order
pending the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. PARKER moved to amend by striking out
between the 17th and 19th lines, the words:
"And for the survey ami layin^outofaniiiitary road from
Minnesota to the mouth of Big Sioux river, uit the Missouri,
£5,000."
This item, he said, provided for surveying and
laying out a military road. Now, from those
officers who had charge of this branch of public
business there was no estimate for this object and
no statement of any such military road being de-
sired. For this reason he moved to strike out the
words he had indicated.
Mr. SIBLEY. The objection of the gentleman
from Virginia is not well founded. The mere fact
that the word "military" is used, should consti-
tute no reason why the appropriation should not
be made. It is true the road will be a "military"
road in one sense, as itcan be used for the purpose
of transporting troops and supplies in case of an
emergency, but it is also one eminently requisite
to the prosperity of the territory, leading as it will,
through the central portion of it. I trust the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia will
be rejected.
Mr. PARKER said, as he understood the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, this item was improper.
No such road should be laid out, unless it was
asked for by the proper military officers. His at-
tention had been called to the subject by being a
member of the committee which had charge of this
subject, (the Committee on Roads and Canals.)
He hoped this committee would strike out that
item.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive.
So the amendment of Mr. Parker was rejected.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Jones, that the bill be laid aside, to be reported
. with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. FOWLER inquired if it would be in order
to move to amend that motion by striking out the
word " not" ?
The CHAIRMAN suggested to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that the amendment he pro-
posed was unnecessary, as the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee involved the same ques-
tion.
Mr. FOWLER, acquiescing in the suggestion,
did not press his amendment.
Mr. WHITE said he had prepared the amend-
ment which he had intended to offer to the bill
which had already been acted upon, and he would
now offer it to the bill at present under considera-
tion.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. JlriA be it further enarJed, That the Governors of
Oregon and SfiHnesnm shall report to Congress, annually, a
detailed statement of the expenditure of money appropriated
by Congress for the use or benefit of paid territories, wliieb
is expended under the order or supervision of the Governor
and Assembly.
The question was tak«n and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the amendment of Mr. White was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Jokes, was taken and decided in the negative.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported, with
a recommendation that it pass.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN OREGON.
Senate bill (No. 90) entitled " A bill author-
' izing the negotiation of treaties with the Indian
' tribes in the Territory of Oregon, for the extin-
' guishment of their claims to lands lying west of
' the Cascade mountains, and for other purposes,"
was next taken up.
[Sec. 1, authorizes the President to appoint one
or more Commissioners to negotiate the said
treaties, &c.
Sec. 2, authorizes the appointment of a Super-
intendent of Indian Affairs for Oregon, with a sal-
ary of §2,500.
Sec. 3, repeals so much of a previous act as
imposes upon the Governor of the Territory the
duties of Superintendent of Indian Affairs, and
fixes the salary ^of the Governor hereafter at
$3,000.
Sec. 4, authorizes the appointment of Indian
agents for Oregon, not exceeding three, with a
salary of §1,500.
Sec. 5, extends the provisions of the law regu-
lating trade and intercourse with the Indians east
of the Rocky mountains to the Indians in Oregon.
Sec. 6, appropriates  thousand dollars to
carry into effect this act.]
The blank in section six having on motion
been filled with §25,000, this bill was laid aside to
be reported.
x COLLECTION DISTRICTS, &C.
The bill to establish a new collection district in
the Territory of Minnesota, and for other pur-
poses, beins under consideration— i
Mr. JONES said, by the order of the House
this day had been set apart for the consideration j
of bills providing for the Territories. This bill ;
contained one or two (wholly immaterial) pro-
visions in regard to Minnesota. It then went on
to Memphis, Tennessee, which it declared should
be a port of delivery, and for which it provided
that there should be appointed a surveyor of the
customs: it then made an enactment in reference
to the collection district of Miami, Ohio, and to the
port of delivery at Louisviile, Kentucky; and
finally it provided that Chelsea, Massachusetts,
should be attached to the port of entry and collec- j
tion district of Boston and Charlestown, Massa- ;
chusetts, and authorized the Secretary of the '
Treasury to appoint an inspector of customs for j
Chelsea.
These subjects were in no way embraced within
the order of the House respecting the business of j
to-day and to-morrow. He saw, moreover, no j
possible necessity for this bill, even if it were in
order. What was the necessity for a collection
district or a port of entry in the Territory of Min-
nesota? It was proposed to create the office of
collector of the port in this territory, with a salary
of twelve hundred dollars; and he ventured to say
not one dime of revenuo,would be received to pay
that twelve hundred dollars. He saw no possible
necessity for any surveyor or naval collector at
what was called the port of Memphis, Tennessee.
This whole system, as he conceived, of making
collection districts, ports of entry, and creating
naval collectors, surveyors, &c.,upon our interior
waters, was wrong. ^Let the vessels entering the
Mississippi make their entries at New Orleans;
let them pay their duties there; their cargoes must
be reshipped there; they could not be carried up
the river i'n the same bottoms in which they were
imported from foreign countries.
He raised the point of order that the bill was
not properly a territorial bill, but that it involved
questions pertaining to the States, and therefore
was not embraced in the special order for to-day.
If the point of order were not sustained, he gave
noiice he should move to strike out all that part
of the bill which did not relate to the territories.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order
—deciding that the special order was for such bills
as pertained exclusively to the territories, and
therefore that this bill was not in order.
Mr. PRESTON KING said he concurred en-
tirely in the decision of the Chair; and he hoped
that by general consent those parts of the bill not
relating to the territories would be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN said that could only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES objected.
So the bill was laid aside, as out of order at this
time.
Mr. POTTER appealed from the decision of
the Chair, but after some conversation, at the re-
quest, he said, of various gentlemen, withdrew the
appeal.
SURVEYS, &C., OF T.ANDS IN OREGON.
The bill to create the office of surveyor general
of the public lands in Oregon, and to provide for
the survey, and to make donations to settlers of
the said public lands, being under consideration—
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, gave notice that at the
proper time he should offer an amendment relating
to donations of lands to settlers.
The bill was read for information.
The Clerk then commenced to read the Jbill by
sections for amendment.
Sect. 1, providing for the appointment of a
surveyor general of the public lands in Oregon,
with the authority and duties possessed by tbe
same officer on the lands northwest of the Ohio,
(except as provided in subsequent sections of the
bill,) was read.
No amendment being offered, the section was
passed.
Sec. 2, being under consideration, in the words
following:
*dtul be it farther enacted, That the said surveyor genera!
shall establish his office at sueh place within the ^aid terri-
tory as the President of the United States may from time to
time direct; he shall be allowed an annual salary of 
dollars, to be paid quarter-yearly, and to corr.mence at such
time as he stlall enter into bond, with competent security,
for tile faithful discharge of the duties of his oiiiee; he shall
be allowed fur clerk hire annually, the sum of dol-
lars ; and also the sum of dollars per annum for office
rent, fuel, and other incidental expenses of his oftiee, to be
paid out of the appropriation for surveying the public lands—
Mr. THURSTON moved to fill up the first .
blank with ^2,500.
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. THURSTON. As to the next blank, per-
haps there are gentlemen in the House who can
name a sum with more propriety than i can. J
would venture to remark that services in Oregon
cannot be procured for more than four times the
amount you have to pay in the States. But I did
not, when I offered die amendment filling the first
blank, think proper to ask or to exact of tins
House, which has manifested towards the Terri-
tory of Oregon the most unboun<|gd liberality,
an exorbitant salary: hence I moved as low on
amount as possible. If there are gentlemen con-
nected with the Committee on Public Lands, or
other gentlemen who are acquainted with ser-
vices of this kind, as I am not, I will be much
obliged if they will designate a proper sum to fill
the blank.
Mr. POTTER said, the Committee on Public
Lands had made no recommendation as to the sum
with which the blank should be filled. He would
move to insert $6,000.
Mr. JONES said the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio was certainly very extraordinary.
The salary of the surveyor general had been fixed
in this section, at the instance of the gentleman
from Oregon, at $2,500; yet it was proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio to give his clerk $6,000.
Mr. POTTER s*id, the sum of $6,000, which
he proposed to appropriate to the payment of clerks
in the surveyor general's office, was no such enor-
mous sum as the gentleman from Tennessee
seemed to consider it, taking into view the extent
of the duties. Every gentleman acquainted with
a surveyor general's olfice knew it to be one of
the most laborious of offices, and one which re-
quired more clerks than any ether office under the
Government. In the surveyor general's oSice in
Michigan, there were some ten clerks constantly
employed; and there was nothing like thft amount
