1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CJLOEE.
mm
proper consideration, and pass those provisions
which appropriately belong to this bill, leaving
this appropriation to he made in the genera! ap-
propriation lull far the next fiscal year, when it
ehnli come before this House. As I have be/'ore
spid, I can see no nc-cessity for appropriating this
amount at this time, ft is not possible that the
surveyor general's office can he in operation
within the coming fiscal year, unless a surveyor
general be pent out there before we have a foot of
{and to survey.
J hope, then, that this $6,000 will not be in-
serted; and that, when the bill shall have been
read through, t he amendment which I have sent to
the Clerk's table will be adopted, and made part
of the bill, by which no one of these officers—
neither the surveyor genera! nor the clerks in his
office—shall be appointed, until there is some land
acquired from the Indians, upon the survey of
which they can legitimately enter.
Mr. THURSTON said: Mr. Chairman, I am
under great obligation to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee for the kind manner in which he has
spoken of the people of my territory. My people
will inquire who he is, sir.
Mr. JONES, (in his seat.) I should like to see
them.
Mr. THURSTON. Yes, sir, they will ask me
who he is.
But 1 think, sir, his amendment raised a ques-
tion which I can so explain that he will withdraw
hie amendment. It will be perceived, sir, upon
looking into the bill that the surveyor general is
to establish a base line or meridian at some point
at or near the mouth of the Willamette river.
This point was hit upon by my advice to the com-
mittee, because the Indians on either side of that
line, north and south, for some distance, are
friendly; and besides, a survey on either side of
this line would best accommodate the immediate
wantsof the settlers of the territory. The Indians,
too, for some distance north and south of this line
are friendly, and would interpose no objections to
the country's being surveyed. Indeed, sir, they
would rather construe it into an indication that the
Hiaas Boston Tyee had come, and that they would
receive pay for their lands. I hove said, sir, that
the Indians would not object. They would not;
they consider the land in these settlements as be-
longing to the whites, and they only complain that
they have not been paid for these lands, as they
have been repeatedly promised.
We are on friendly terms with these Indians,
and why, sir? Because we have treated them
kindly. We have had to doit. Our people have
bought their farms of these Indians; some once,
some twice, and some a half dozen times. It is
the characteristic of these Indians that they will
sell you their land to-day, and receive pay, but
by-and-by they will come back again, and de-
mand pay again, and our people have had to do
this, or they will pay you off by shooting o#
stealing your cattle and horses. They say, " You
ate located on my land." We have to acknowl-
edge, and give a horse or a blanket to satisfy
them. In this way, sir, for twelve long years
have the people of Oregon struggled on, and not
a single hostile irruption has taken place, except
the Cayuse war. This being the case, there is
certainly no difficulty at all in the surveyor
general commencing his surveys and opeiations
eo soon as he shall arrive in the country, if one
shall be appointed here. I suppose, however,
that the Administration \yill appoint some good
man in Oiegon to fill that office. I should advise
it, for certain it is that we have as good men there
to fill that office as can be found this side of the
Rocky mountains. But whether he is appointed
here or there, he may commence his labors im-
mediately after the passage of this bill. We
would be glad to see him, and so would the In-
dians, for they would then see their money in the
distance at least. Therefore, I assure the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] there will be no
difficulty.
But, sir, there is another objectio'n to the amend-
ment'of the gentleman. We are a long ways oil.
Six months and a half ago, I wrote a letter to a
friend in Oregon, on important business. Last
Sunday I received a reply. What is the inference <
A very plain one, sir. If your commissioner?
must first go there and treat, and return their
treaties for approval or ratification, before a sur-
veyor general can be appointed, two whole years
will pass before a foot of land will be.surveyed in
, that country.
Mr. JONES explained, Commissioners (he
said) would have to be sent out to negotiate a
' treaty with the Indians. The treaty, when nego-
( tiated, would have to be sent back to be ratified by
] the President and Senate, after which the news of
the ratification must be sent back to the territory
j before the surveys could commence; and the sur- f
veyor genera! (if appointed from the States) could ,
j go out with the news.
j Mr. THURSTON, (continuing.) Precisely,sir. ,
But I understand the gentleman"^ objection raises :
a question of law; that is, whether this Govern-
rnf nt can legally, or will survey any of the public
land«5 there before the Indian title to the same is
; extinguished. If the Government of the United
States cannot legally do it, thst settles the ques-
tion. In that case, I myself would he opposed to
i the appointment of this officer, to be on salary be-
! fore he can enter upon his duties. I do not, how-
j ever, so understand the law, or that such has been
the practice of the Government.
And now, one word, sir, while I am up, as to
I the amendment of the gentleman from New York,
! [M r. Sackett.] He proposes to fill the blank ]
| with " $3,000," for clerk hire. I remarked before, i
: that I was unacquainted with this kind of service, '
! and was unable to decide upon a sum with proper I
' discretion. 1 am not in favor of exorbitant sala- j
! ries. I desire that they shall be no higher than is j
j necessary to procure the labor to be done. After j
i the repeated kind demonstrations of this House j
| towards me, I would not steal a march upon it if •
t I could. I would not procure any appropriation i
which would not be warranted by the nature of ,
the case. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter] \
proposes to fill the blank with <l$f>,000;"and this,
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Brown] says, is
less than has annually been appropriated for the ;
same service in a similar office in Michigan. It t
may be, then, too large,or too small. Fix such a '
sum as you shall deem proper, and if it turns out
too small, why, I will come back and say so to
you, and ask you for an appropriation to meet the
deficiency; and, I doubt not, I shall get it. |
Mr. SWEETSER inquired of the gentleman
from Oregon, if there was an instance of surveys :
having been made by our Government previous to
the Indian title being extinguished? He knew of :
none. It was an act inconsistent with the do- :
minion of the Indians.
Mr. /THURSTON. I would simply reply to j
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] that J
if thejand cannot be legally surveyed, that settles
the question. But I understand such surveys have :
been made before the treaty was made. :
Mr. FITCH considered it of very little import- !
ance whether the Indian titles were extinguished
by treaty or not. This question of title has been
settled by the Indians themselves. It has been '
settled with the consent of fhe Indians themselves.
They have sgreed to relinquish their title, and are !
now waiting patiently for the stipulated compensa-
tion. They are now looking for this money com-
pensation, and they expect to receive it. The '
object of this bill is not to do anything which can
injure the feelings of the Indians. It looks to no
prospective arrangements with the Indians, but is *
confined to the lands which are now open for set- j
dement. We cannot settle these lands until they j
have been properly surveyed. We are holding .
out an invitation and inducements to our citizens
to settle in that territory; and nutabers who have
availed themselves of these invitations and induce- 1
ments to go there for settlement, will not be al-
lowed to remain there without the protection they ;
have a right to expect.
The CHAIR here announced that the amend-1
ment proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee
had not yet been offered. He had merely indi- ,
cated his intention to offer it; and although the dis- '
cussion, as far as it related to the clerk hire, was
relevant, yet that w hich had reference to the Indian
title was irrelevant to the subject before the com-
mittee. ^ I
Mr. EYANS, of Ohio, thought it would he 1
proper to appropriate such an amount as would
meet the necessary clerk hire. If the motion to :
fill the blank with the words "six thousand" t
should be rejected, he should mo\e to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from New ^ ork, '
by so modifying it as to read—<( such a sum as |
the surveyor general may deem necessary for the 1
:j expenses of clerk hire, not exceeding $3,00d."
: [ He intended to vote for the lowest sum, because it
! must be some time before the appropriation can
j! come into use, because he has to give bonds, to
I' prepare for entering on his duties, and as he will
!, have no occasion to employ-clerks dusing this pe-
\\ riod, he will, of course, put the sakry into his
{) pocket. He intended to vote for the lowest sum
jj which had been named, and if no other proposi-
| tion was acceptable to the committee, he would
move the amendment he had indicated.
Mr. SACKETTsaid, ifit was irrordjer he would
modify his amendment so as to make it tead as
i the gentleman from Ohio had indicated. '
Mr. POTTER desired to say a single word. It
had been said that this sum could not be expended
because the Indian title hasnotbecn extinguished.
< He wished to remind the committee that the Su-
: prerrie Court had decided that we had a right to
make the surveys necessary for public purposes,
i' He presumed the An^'o-Saxon race regarded
i, themselves as privileged to extend themselves, and
j; to settle the lands over which they spread them-
f' selves.
Mr. SACKETT inquired whether it had not
j; always been a custom m case an appropriation
s; was found insufficient, to make a provision tosup-
ply the defect in the deficiency bill?
|| Mr. POTTER replied that everything of this
!j kind seemed to have been embraced in the defi-
l! ciency bill of this session. But he regarded the
amendment, in the form in which it now stands,
as out of order. It allows the surveyor general,
at his discretion, to fix the amount, necessary to be
appropriated. It has been the uniform practice of
the House to make specific appropriations, and
that those who are intrusted with the disburse-
ment of them, shail be restricted to the limit of
these appropriations.
Mr. WHITE suggested an amendment in the
eighth line, by striking out the word u his," and
inserting the word " their," as a substitute.
The CHAIR decided that this amendment was
not now in order.
Mr. WHITE said he would offer it hereafter.
The CHAIR stated that the question was on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York to
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. JONES suggested that this was out of
order. It had been the uniform practice of the
House, when filling a blank, to take the question
first on the largest sum proposed. It was, there-
fore, not in order to take the question first on
striking out the lowest amount.
Mr. FITCH asked the Chair to propound the
question.
The CHAIR propounded the question, intima-
ting that the modification of the amendment had
changed its character, and that it was in order to
put the question on the motion of Mr. Sackett
to amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The question being put, the ayes were only ST,
when tellers were demanded. The Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Corwin and Mr. Waldo tellers, who
reported—ayes 44, noes 72.
So the amendment to the amendment was de-
cided in the negative.
Mr. FITCH rose to move an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, which
might have the effect of obviating some objections.
He considered the phraseology of the amendment
wrorg as it stood. He did not wish to leave to
the surveyor general the power to disburse this
money as he misht see fit. He would observethat
the Territorial Committee knew little of the ex-
penses of the surveyor general's office. They
had, therefore, left that part of the bill to be
arranged by the other committee to which they
had requested that it should be referred, or to the
pleasure of the House. He believed the amend-
ment he held in his hand would meet the appro-
bation of the Delegate from Oregon. He would
therefore move the following amendment: strike
out the words he shall be allowed for clerk
hire annually, the sum of and insert:
" There shall be, and hereby is, appropriated the sum of
$4,010. or as much thereof as i* necessary, for clerk hire in
his offiee."
Mr. VINTON. If I understand the bill as it
now stands, the surveyor general's salary is fixed
at §2,500, and he is to be fuither allowed such
sum as may be inserted here—and $6,000 is pro-
1—for clerk hire. But*until iheie&resurvey!
