1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
to be mode, and returns to be sent to the General
Land Office, there will be nothing for these clerks
to do; there will be no necessity for them at all.
Mr. TAYLOR said, he was in favor of the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Indiana, so as
rightly to dispose of the fund that was proposed
to be placed at the disposition of the surveyor gen-
eral for clerk hire. But he was disposed to vote
for the sum of $6,000, which had been suggested
by his colleague over the way, in his first amend-
ment. And he was in fkvor of it for this rea-
son: He understood, from the Delegate from
Oregon, that services of any kind in Oregon were
estimated at four times as much, or required four
times as much compensation as the same services
east of the Rocky Mountains. If this were so,
why should they hesitate about allowing the sum
of §4,000, or even $6,000 for the compensation of
the clerks of the surveyor general ? Let the ap-
propriation be made, and let it be liberal, in order
that the provisions of the bill may be carried out.
He was in favor of all its provisions; and he re-
gretted to perceive a disposition on the other side,
to withhold a liberal appropriation. He desired
to see the provisions of this bill carried into effect.
He desired to see aid extended in every possible
way to those who were building up their little
homes in that country, and preparing it to come
into the Union as a State. He was prepared to go
for the whole thirteen sections of the bill. He un-
derstood it to be a bill for the establishment of a
surveying district, and for the survey of the Terri-
tory'of Oregon, and for making donations of the
public lands to settlers in Oregon. He was in
favor of all its provisions. He was in favor of
making liberal grants to those men who settled
the country. A more beneficial appropriation
of the public lands, in his opinion, could not be
made, than to grant half, or whole sections to
those who would cultivate and improve them. He
was for giving aid to those who were building up
that new country on our western frontier. He
was not only for making liberal donations to ac-
tual settlers, but for paying such salaries to officers
employed in that country as would secure the
services of competent men. He was for making
a reasonable allowance for clerk hire, for it was
not to be expected, as was stated by the Delegate
from Oregon, that they could get the work done
for the same amount of compensation that it could
be done for on this side of the mountains. He
trusted that when the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana prevailed, as he believed it
would, the sum of $4,000 would be altered to
$6,00Q, or more if necessary.
Mr. OTIS inquired if it was in order to offer an
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not in
order, as there was already an amendment to an
amendment pending.
Mr. OTIS. I have an amendment which I de-
sire at the proper time to offer.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Indiana to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio;
and it Wris agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. Is it now in order to move to
strike om §4,000, and insert $5,000?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, raised the
point of order, whether $4,000 having been insert-
ed, it was now open for amendment?
The CHAIRMAN decided that the proposed
amendment was not in order.
Mr. WHITE moved that the next blank be filled
by inserting $1,500, it being for office rent, fuel,
and other incidental expenses of the surveyor
general's office.
Mr. GIDDINGS submitted to the Chair a point
of order, viz: that the amendment to the amend-
ment having been adopted, the next question
would be on agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of or-
der. There being but one amendment to the sec-
tion pending, he held it to be in order to move an-
other.
JVlr. CARTTER. I conceive that the propo-
sition of the genileman from New York is equiva-
lent to raising the salary of the surveyor general
from $2,500, up lo $4,000. That is the effect of
it. It is neither more nor less than that. Now I
think that $2,500 is sufficient, in the present con-
dition of'affairs, for the surveyor general; for,
my word for it, as the gentleman from Tennessee
has said, there will be but very little work to be
done until the Indians have ceded their title to the
United Slates. The idea of making the salary of
the surveyor general, whose office will be for a
time almost a sinecure, greater than the salary
paid to a Cabinet minister—to any of the heads
of departments under this Government—appears
to me to be outrageous.
Mr. WHITE. Let that part of the section be
read, so that it may be understood.
Mr. CARTTER. I believe I understand it, sir.
It was read, as follows:
" There shall be, and hereby is, appropriated $4,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, for clerk hire ; and
further, the sum of $1,500 for office rent, fuel, and other in-
cidental expenses."
Mr. VINTON. I would suggest to my col-
league, that there are various incidental expenses
which should be provided for, such as stationery,
books, records, and the like.
Mr. SACKETT. I would inquire whether the
stationery, &c., is not furnished by the Govern-
ment, without expense to the officer?
Mr. VINTtjN. It cannot be furnished unless
it he provided for by an appropriation.
Mr. BOWLIN. I should like to see inserted
precisely what is paid to the surveyor general's
office at St. Louis. I happen to have in my hand
a letter from Mr. Ewing, which states that the
amount allowed for office rent, &c., is $500; and I
should suppose ihat this would be a very good
criterion. This amount includes everything.
Mr. VINTON. It must be remembered that
it is necessary, as a matter of course, to have an
entirely new set of books.
Mr. BOWLIN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man, that if you appropriate $1,500 for office
rent.it will be applied to that, and to nothing else.
Mr. VINTON. The $1,500 is for office rent,
and other incidental expenses.
Mr. BOWLIN. I understand, sir, incidental
will go for nolhing; and the money will be regard-
ed as being appropriated for rent alone. I think
$500 would be abundant for rent; and if you
want more for other purposes, make specific ap-
propriations.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it in order to offer an
amendment >
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending.
The question being put on the motion of the
gentleman from New York, to insert $1,500, it
was rejected.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. I will move to fill
the blank with $1,000, and also to insert after the
word " fuel,'' the words " books and stationery,"
so as to make that amount cover the items of fuel,
stationery, and incidental expenses.
Mr. FITCH. Perhaps my colleague will ac-
cept a modification to that amendment, by filling
the blank proper with $500, and also, $500 for
fuel and other incidental expenses—making $1,000
in all.
Mr. SACKETT inquired whether it was in
order to strike out the words " fuel and other in-
cidental expenses >"
The CHAIRMAN replied, that it was not now
in order.
Mr. THURSTON said, he believed the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana would do.
He did not desire that there should be very high
salaries; they ytre willing to put up with very
little on the oth«r side of the mountains. But he
thought that a thousand dollars for furnishing
books, and for the other incidental expenses of
thji surveyor general's office, was quite little
enough; but he presumed it would be satisfactory.
The question was then taken on the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, as amended; and the
question being taken, the amendment aa amended
was adopted.
The third section was then read, as proposed to
be amended by the committee, which was, to sub-
stititute the word " eight" for the word " fifteen,"
so that the cost of surveying shall not exceed the
rate of eight dollars per mile and part of mile ac-
tually surveyed and marked.
Mr. BOWLIN I will merely state that I be-
lieve that is about double what is paid in any of
the western States.
The question being put, the amendment of the
committee was agreed to.
The .fourth section was then read, the part in
italics being the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee in lieu of the part in brackets, as follows,
viz:
Sec. 4. Jhid be it further enacted, [That there shall be, and
hereby if!, granted to every white male American ^citizen
above the age of eighteen "years, American half breeds in-
cluded.] That there shall be, and kereby is, granted to every
settler or occupant of the public lands, above the age of eighteen
years, now residing in said territory, or who shall become
a resident thereof on or before the first day ol December,
eighteen hundred and fifty, and who shall have icsided
upon and cultivated the same fur tour consecutive years,
and shall otherwise confoini to the provisions of this act,
the quantity of [one-half section or thtee hundred and twen-
ty acres of land, if a single man, and if a married man, or if
he^hall become married within one >ear fiom the firstday
of December, eighteen handled and fifty, the quantity of]
one scetion or six hundred and forty acr<>«, one-halt to him-
self, and the other hall to his wife, to be held by her in her
own right, and the surveyor general shall designate the pari
muring to the husband and that to the wif<, and enter the
same on the records of Ins office; and in all cases where
such married persons have complied, See.
The question being on the first amendment pro-
posed by the committee,
Mr. MARSHALL moved to amend that amend-
ment by inserting after the word " years," in the
sixth line, the following:
<{ Being an American citizen, or having made declaration
according to law, of his intention to become a citizen.5>
Mr. THURSTON appealed to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. M>r.shall] to withdraw his
amendment, a3 he (Mr. T.) had amendments pre-
pared which he intendad to offer, designed ex-
pressly to cover this case.
Mr. MARSHALL said he was willing to with-
draw his amendment if the gentleman from Ore-
gon had amendments which were better calculated
to answer the same purpose.
The amendments of Mr. Thurston were read.
Strike out all after the enacting clause to the
words "now residing," and insert;
That there shall be and hereby is granted to every white
male settler or occupant of the public land*, American half
breeds included, members and ?eivarus of the Hudson's
Bay and Puget Sound Agricultural Company excepted."
Also, add a second proviso to the 4th section in
these words:
" Jlnd provided further, That all foreigners making claims
to lands by virtue of this act, beiore they shall receive a
title to the same, shall prove, to ihe surveyor General that
he has commenced and completed his naturalization and
become an American citizen."
Mr. MARSHALL said he did not like the
amendments of the gentleman as well as his own.
He should therefore insist upon his amendment.
Mr. BOWLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. THURSTON. Is the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr- THURSTON. I will not pressmy amend-
ments at this time, but I wish to offer some re*
marks upon the amendment of the gentleman.
Mr. BOWLIN, (to Mr. Thurston.) I have
the floor, I believe.
# The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bowlin] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURSTON. Very well; let the gen-
tleman go on. I will get the floor hereafter.
Mr. BOWLIN. In the fouth section of the bill,
the committee propose to give a donation of land
to all persons who have heretofore gone into Ore-
gon and settled. In the fifth section they propose to
give a grant of land to all who may hereafter go
into the territory and settle. But the two sections
are different in regard to the qualifications required.
Both these sections provide, in the original form
of the bill, that these grants should be confined
to American citizens. The committee have strick-
en this out; and in the first of these two sec-
tions have adopted the language of our preemption
bills when applied to the settlers on and occupants
of the public lands, and applied to those who have
already gone and settled in Oregon. But in the
fifth section they require from those who hereafter
go there with the intention of settling, a different
qualification; for the reason that those who go
hereafter* will go understandingly. But, in the
emigration to Oregon, it is a legitimate inference,
that many have gone there, and cultivated farms,
without having perfected their allegiance, and we
should not pass a bill, with a provision that would
have the effect to exclude them, or make them lia-
ble to be jumped, as it is termed; that is, to have
another person jump into their claim. The object
of the committee was, to protect those who have
already settled there, many of whom, doubtless,
have taken the initiatory step to become citizens,
