THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
APPROPRIATIONS, &c. j
Report if the Clerk of the House cf Representatives of J
the United States, in compliance xoith the act to an- i
thorize the. appointment of additional paymasters,
and for other purposes, passed July 4, 1836- j
Office op the House of Representatives f
of the Unites States, November 22,1850. \
1 In obedience to the sixth section of the" act to authorize |
the appointment of additional paymasters, and for other I
purposes,"passed July 4, 1836, which requires "the Sec- :
retary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of Representa- !
uves, as soon as may be after the" close of each session of '
Congress, to publish a statement of all appropriations made 1
during the session ; and also a statement of the new offices *
created, and the salaries of each; and also a statement of ;
the offices the salaries of which aio increased, and the '
amount of such increase," the Clerk oi the House of Rep- '
resenfatives submits the accompam mjr statements. '
RICHARD M. YOUNG, i
Clerk House of Reps. U. S. I
STATEMENTS SHOWING '
Firs/—Appropriations made during the first session of the '
Thirtv-nrst Congress. i
.Seconds-Offices created, and the salaries thereof. j
Third—The offices the salaries of which have been in- !
creased, with the amount of such increase during the j
bame period. ;
November 12, 1850.—Prepared by the Secretary cf
the Senate and Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, in pursuance of the sixth section of the act of .
July 4, 1836, " to authorize the appointment of ad- I
<Utio?ial paymasters, and for other purpores. !
By the act to carry into effect the convention between the
United States and the'Emperor of Brazil, of the twenty- 1
seventh day of January, m the year one thou?and eisrht '
hundred and forty-nine:
To the commissioner. - 3,COO 00 .
To the clerk. ------- *>.000 00
For the contingent expenses of the commission
[indefinite,] -------
5.000 00
For salaries of the chief clerk and other clerks in
the office of the Secretary of the Interior, from
the nin^h of March, eighteen hundred and forty-
nine, to the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty," - . 14,566 32
Jbor salary of messenger and laborer m the office
of the Secretary of the Interior to the thirtieth
of June, eighteen bundled and forty-nine, - 269 36
For salaries of messengers and laborers in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior from the
fir^t of July, eighteen hundred and forty-nine,
to the .thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
filty, - 2,000 00
For books, stationery, furniture, fuel, and other
contingencies of the office of the Secretary of
the Interior for the fiscal year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and fiity, - 5,000 00
For libraiy, map's, Sec., for the office of the Sec-
rotary of the interior for the fiscal year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fif-
ty,   500 00
In the office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For compensation to temporary clerks employed
m the office of the Commissioner of Pensions,
from the first of July, eighteen hundred and
forty-nine, to the thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, ------- 6.529 73 j
For compensation of nine extra clerks, employed j
under the act of August, eighteen hundred and i
torty-two, during the session of Congress, m
the Thud Auditor5* office, and for contingen-
cies incident thereto. _____ 5,000 00 ,
For deficiency in the appropriation for the con- j
tmgent expenses of the ofiicc of the First Aud- i
itor of the Treasury, for the fiscal year ending ;
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty, - 650 00 :
Tfar Department. !
In tiie office of the Surgeon General. j
For urr< a.r;t?c^ m the office of the Surgeon Gen- :
era! for furniture.
For expenbOi of military rcconnoisaance in Tex-
0', including examination of a new route from
^an Antonio, T;jxas, to El Paso, in New
Mexico, made m the year oi.e thousand eight
hundred and forty-lime, - - - - ' -
- 1.000 1
6.173 61
] .700 00
1 000 00
By the act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year end'ng the thirtieth
of June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty.
Treasury Department.
In the office of the Secietary of the Trers«ur\ :
For salary of the Assistant Honorary oi the Treas-
ury. fiom th'.' twelfth of Maich. ri«hte< n hun
tired and fortj-nine., to tiir thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred a.sd fifty, and for th" clerk
in aid of said A; Jistaat Secietary Horn the third
of March, ei^hto-n hundred and forty-nine, to
the thirtieth of Juno, r^hteen hundred and
fifty, - - -' -
In the office of the Coinmis.-ionn of Customs
For salary of the Commissioner of Custom*,
from the se\enieentli of Maich. c-ihte^n hurt
dred and fortv-nme, to the thirtieth of June.
eighteen hundred and fifty, 
For salaiv of chief clerk in the office of the Com-
missioner of Customs, from the fir'^t of Juh.
eighteen hundred and fortv-nme, to the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundied and fifty.
For salaries of five additional cjeiks in the office
of the Commissioner of Customs, from the first
October, eighteen hundred and loity-ume, to
the thirtieth of June, eighteen 1 undred and fifty.
For contingent expenses of theofiiceof the Com-
missioner of Customs, -
In the office of the First Comptroller:
For salary of one messenger in the office of the
First Comptroller, from the first of July, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-nine, to the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty, -
In the Register's office •
For contingent expenses of the office of the Re-
gister of the Treasury, being an amount due to
J. C . McGuire for printing, ruling, and bind-
ing boow-. and abstract'* for statements of the
commerce and navigation. blank enrollments
and licences, l^dccrs. and other book*, under
the act of the third of Match, eighteen hundred
and fortv-itme, m relation to the advances to
collectors and receivers of public moneys, and
the settlement incident thereto, and for desk?
and other furniture, -
In the office of Second Auditor:
For amount required to meet ouNtanomg claims
for contingent expend incurred in uducen
hundred aud fom-mht by th* Second Auditor
of the Treasury in fitting up his odiee. -
For deficiency of appropuation for the continenu
expenses of the southeast executive building for
the fiscal year ending the 30th June, eighteen
hundred and fortv-esyht, -
For deficiency in the appropriation tor the con-
tingent expense4- of the southeast executive
building for Uie fiscal ycai ending the 30th of
June, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, -
For deficiency m the appropriation for the con-
tingent expenses of the southeast executive
budding for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty,
DepartnUht of the Interior.
In the office of ihe Secretary of she Intui >or;
Foi vnUm of the Secretary of the Interior ficm
ihe ninth of March, eighteen hundred and forty-
nice, to the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fiftv.
Post Office Department.
Foi compensation to temporary clerks employed
upon the current business of tiie Post Office
Depprt ne:it. for Me fiscal year ending the
tl.irt" th of June, eighteen hundred and fifty, -
Territorial Government.
F->i coi,u;.gent expanses of the T^iritory of Min-
i.e-ofi --------
To,- dti'Ki l,-(Cie« in the appiopmtion for the «&!-
aiie- ot the- Go\ crnor thr;--> Judi".-. and Secre-
tary of the s ud Tr-;ritcry. for the present fiscal
\ear. --------
Fo: a d^iiciency in the U:-t rsppropriation to dc-
srav tl.^ expe* of t'le Government of tiie
Tctiifoiy o" Minnesota, -
Intcrcovrce xriih Tertian Nations.
Foi outfit of the Minister redden! atConstanti-
nojtlu. - -
Foi oatfit ora Chmge d'Auaires to Naples,
For one year's sahny of a Secretary of Legation
to Citih, ----- -
Foi outfit of the- Mim-«t«'r to Prussia, -
I'nr ouffnofChnrg^. d'Atiaues fo Austria, -
'^5 00 ;
3.967 17
11.973
fi50 00
3.209 6?
9.645 16
- 6
000 00
,500 00
.000 00
,000 00
.500 00
3.546 25
1.69 > sS
- 3.47-1 90 l
5,45c M
7.178 CO ,
XSM Oh •
^rllsceHancous.
Foi the expui.-es of pauper iunatic.--in the Mary-
land H<^pmd at Baltimore. - Lifts 00
For fifteen da^ services of Joseph Bryan, as
commi'sioner to t^^tHiiony in pursuance
o" 'in inquiry by direction of the rfeeretaiy of
t'n« Treasury, ------- 1-20.00
For con'mumg the construction of the custom-
house at New Orleans durinir the fiscal year j
endmsthe thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty. --------100,000 00 j
To complete the erection of a cuHom-houso at j
ErWport, Maine, and for compensation of
architect, for tho fiscal year endmrr the thir- i
tieth of .lunc. e'^htec-n hundred and fiity. - i-S.'iO On
Forr p.nr6- of the CH-tonj-houseat New Bedford.
M.i-- ichat^U-. for the fiscal \ear ending tl o ;
v i ■ tict'i of Jim", cilhtcen hund'ed and fifty, - M5 00
Towind^ the eompiefon of tiie <T.~t wiru of tiu;
Patent nffice hylding. according to the ori-
tiard p!au. andplaeir.uthe we?t vungin a state
of --ecuvitv. ------- 90,000 00
For cxp-'m^'sof rrnnmz and marshy ihe bound-
an line between tiie United Statcc and Mexi-
co. and payn'c 1'oe **.".Un i( ^ of t!>«- officers and
men of the commission, - - 50,000 00
To provide unforeseen e^pej.sc^ni the survey
of the; -western coast of the United States, al-
re-dv cnmmcnced. ------ 15.000 00
For rein f and protection of American seamen in
foie-m eounrrL?, ----- 25.000 00
In aid of ?h<- appvipriation heretofore made for 1
ihe c0atiii'*cnl e\ cnse? of tliu Treasnry office, 800 00
To provide :or the removal anrt sitbsisteuce of the
Semoiole Indians, now in Florida, west of the
Mississippi, ------ 900,000 00
For deficiency m the appropriation for the pay-
ment of pensions for the fisca' year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty, 560,000 00
For continuing the pavement of the avenue j
around the Capitol grounds, - 16,500 00
For deficiency in the appropriation tor the Mint
of thf; United States at Philadelphia, for tho
fiscal year ending the fhirtieth Jane, eighteen
hundred and ----- 12;000 00
For supplying new boilers to ihe engines,length-" •
ening chimney, and for other alterations and
improvements in the Mint of'the United Stales'
at rhiladelpbia, - - - - ~ 20^00
Additional sum required to supply a deficxency
in the appropriation' for provisions for thft
Navy, for the fiscal year endiogthe thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, - - YCfjOOP
For the pay of two additional clerks in the' Aud- " 1 \
itor's office of the Pos.t .Office Uepnttment/frorii
the first of January to the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty, -
To supply the deficiency in former' appropriatfoh
for storehouse number nineteen, and gateway,
wall across timber dock, digging out tiisber
dock, and for repairs at the Norfolk navy-yard,
For deficiency in the appropriation for the' pros-: . '
ent fiscal year for lighting the Capitol and "
Capitol grounds, Pennsylvania avenue, an4
the President's House. -
For the management of Indian affairs in Oregon
Territory, to supply the deficiency in the ap-
propriation made by the law of fourteenth Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, -
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives for printing, binding, and engrav-
ing, and other miscellaneous expense* for the
present fiscal year, ----- 129,250
To enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to pay for one thousand sets of the coa-
tinuaUon oi the Statutes at Large, printed by
Little & Brown, ----- 1
For repairing the United States steamers Jeffer-
son, Het/,el, and L egarc, employed in the coast
survey., - S0,000
For contingent expenses of the Senate, - 213,000
For deficiencies in the appropriations for- the
branch mint at New Orleans, the present fiscal
year. - - -
For supplying deficiencies in appropriations for
the naval service for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fortv-
nme, 747,533
For the compensation of two watchmen to be
employed in preserving the public grounds
about the Capitol,
For the removal of the public green-house and
the botanical collection thereat to some suit-
able site on the public grounds, and for the
erection of such other green-house as may
be deemed necessary by the Joint Commute on
the Libiary,
For continuing the improvement of tiie grounds
south of,the Piesident's House, and as inci-
dentally necessary thereto, towards tiie con-
struction of a culvert on Seventeenth street,
leading from thp grounds attached to the Na\ y
Department building to tiie Washington canal, 10.000
For completing the improvement of Indiana av-
enue. in the city of Washington, from the City
Jfafi to the Capitol Hill, - - - - 1
For continuing the improvement of the public
grounds west of Seventh street, designated as
the Mall,- - - -
For enclosing with a substantial wooden fence,
grading,and planting with trees, the low grounds
on the canal, between Third and Sixth streets,
For ihe employment of twenty-two additional
clerks in the Post Office Department, viz: Sev-
en clerks each at an annual salary of-toprteen
hundred dollars, eight clerks each at an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars, and seven
clerks each at an annual salary of one thou-
sand dollars, and one additional watchman at
a .«aJaryot'three hundred and sixty-five dollars.
[Indefinite.]
00
00
6,000 00-
10.000 00
oo
2,521 00
15,000 00
30
730 00
5,000 00
00
',000 00
5,000
3,500
,$2,547,351 63
• By the, act providing for the taking of the seztnth and
• subsequent censuses of the United States, and to
fix the number of the members cf the House of
Representatives, aiid pi-ovide for their future ap-
portionment among the several States.
For the purpose of covering the expense of trans-
mittuisr the blanks and other matter through the
hir.il. to he paid to the Post Office Department. l^OOO CO
For the purpose of oairyinc into effect this act
and <lefra\mg the preliminary expense*,, *150,000 00
$16*2.000 00
By the act authorizing the negotiation of treaties tcith
the Indian tribes in the Territory of Oregon, for
th* extinguishment of their claims to lands lyhxg
icest of ike Cascade *Mounlaiu$< and for other pur-
poses.
To carry into effect tiie provisions of this act, 25,000, 00
Bv the act to make further appropriations for public
buildings inthe Territories of Min nesota and Oregon-
For t^e erection of penitentiaries. - 20,000 00
For the erection of suitable public buildings at
the seat of government of tbe Territory of
Oregon, -------- 90,000 00
S $4CS000 00
I: By the act fo supply a deficiency in the appropriation
fGf the service of the fiscal year ending the ihirtUtk
of June .eighteen hundred and fifty.
I, To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
•; defraying the expense of the Supreme, Circuit,
