1&50.
THE CONCJBtJlBSIO^AJL GLOBE.
tmi
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of cilizens of Lake
county* in the State of Illinois, praying for the repeal of all
law* authorizing slavery and the eiave trade in the District
of Columbia; and  :i the fventof non-repeal, the removal
of the scat of the N.itjonnl Government.
Abo. the petition of citizens of Lake county, in the Skate
of Illinois, praying for the right of trial by jury to persons
clai'i ed «ib fuuinve slave?.
AI-jo, the petition < f citizens of Lake county, in the State
of Illinois, remonstrating against the admission of more
slave States into the Union.
Abo, the petition of citizens of Lake county, in the State
of Illinois, praving for the prohibition of slavery and the
slave trade in all the territories of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 28, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 20th instant, calling for information as to
whether any pay, compensation, or allowance, un-
der any circumstances whatever, except for travel-
ing expenses when under orders, have been received
by any officers of the Navy, either by furnishing
them quarters free of rent, or furniture, or in any
other wfly whatever; which was read.
Mr. HALE moved that the communication lie ■
on the tftble and he printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
print goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HALE hoped the motion to print might be
adopted at once, which was agreed to; and the doc-
ument was ordered to he printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. STURGEON presented several memorials:
one of members of the American Medical Associ-
ation of Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio; one from
surgeons, passed-assistant, and assistant surgeons
in the navy; and one signed by physicians of Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Louisiana, and
other States, asking that the rank of medical officers
in the navy may be assimilated to that of officers of
the same grade in the medical staff of the army;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Fort Des Moines to Weston, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee on '!
the Post Office and Post Roads. . j!
On motion by Mr. N0RR18, j
Ordered, That the memorial of A. j. Fr.isier, and the re- ,
port of the Secretary of State thereon, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee ol Claims. '
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
lo which was referred the memorial of Peter N. |
Paillett, asking indemnity for property destroyed I
during the late war with Mexico, submitted a re- j
port, which was ordered to be printed, accompa- \
nied by a bill for the relief of Peter N. Paillett; !
which was read and passed to a second reading. I
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Pub- '
lie Buildings, to which was referred the memorial ;
of Robert Mills, architect in Washington, in rela- :
tion to the enUugement of the Capitol, submitted ^
areport thereon,concluding with the following res- >
olution : !
Resolved, That the «Wd lule of the Senate be so amended ,
as to insert in the clause providing for the appointment of !
a standing Committee on Public Buildings, after the word ,
"membei?," the words "who shall have power al&o"— j
The report was ordered to be printed, and the
resolution wa3 agreed to.
And, on motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Obeyed, That the Secretary communicate the same to
the House of Repn sentative3.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. ATCHISON gave notice that he would I
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill for the relief of the heirs of Col. j
A. G. Moigan. >
Mr. FELCH gave notice that he would to-mor- ■
row, or some early day thereafter, ask leave to {
introduce a bill to amend the act entitled "An act i
to raise for a limited time an additional military j
force, and for other purposes/' approved 11th j
February, 1847. !
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE. j
The bill from the House of Representatives,
for the relief of James T« Shackleford, was read j
a first and second time by ita, title, and referred to 1
the Committee on Private Land Claims. j
The bill to increase the rank and file of the army
and to encourage enlistments, which was returned
from the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment, was,
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PRIVATE BILL PASSED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN moved to take up bill No.
40, on the calendar, being the bill for the relief of
Joseph P. Williams; which motion having been
agreed to, the bill was considered in Committee of
the Whole, and, after having been amended, was
reported to the Senate, the amendment was con-
curred in, and the bill ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
JUDICIARY IN OHIO.
Mr. CHASE asked the Senate to indulge him
in taking up the bill reported yesterday from the
Committee on the Judiciary, to regulate the time*
of holding the circuit and district courts of the
United Slates in the State of Ohio.
The bill not having come up from the printer's,
the motion was withdrawn for the present.
ORDER OF PROCEEDING.
Mr. BRADCURY moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill to make com-
pensation to Walter Col ton.
Mr. KING. I shall have to object to 'this
irregular mode of proceeding. If bills are thus to
be taken up out of their order, discussion will ;
arise on the question of priority, and we shall lose
more time in discussing whether we will proceed
to the consideration of particular hills than would
suffice to dispose of them in their regular order.
Mr. BRADBURY. I suppose, that this bill
stands on the same ground as others that have been
considered, and I believe it will not lead to discus-
sion. I, however, depirc to have it disposed of
now, as probably I may be absent after the present
week for a short period,
Mr. HALE. I think it is unjust to those inter-
ested in the private bills on the calendar, to permit
selections thus to be made to the exclusion of
others; and, if nobody else does it, I will more to
go into Committee of the Whole on the private
calendar, where it is just they should be taken up
in their order.
The motion to proceed to the consideration of
the bill indicated by Mr. Bradbury was not
agreed to.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The hour of half-past twelve having arrived, the
special order, being the resolution or inquiry in
regard to removals from office, submitted bv the
Senator from Maine, [Mr, Bradbpry.] was taken
up.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I believe I
have the consent of the honorable member from
Maine to the motion which I make that the con-
sideration of that resolution he postponed, and
made the order of the day for Thursday, at half-
past twelve o'clock
Mr. DICKINSON. I should hope it would
not he made the order of the day for that particu-
lar hour, unless we close the dehate upon the btli
to establish a branch mint at New York on Wed-
nesday.
Mr. WEBSTER. Let it take its place after ,
that special order, if it should not be disposed of J
on Wednesday. !
Mr. BRADBURY. I supposed that the reso-
lution was to be considered to-dsy; but the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, for reasons per-
sonal to himself, desired that it might be postponed.
I have no objection to a postponement to any day
this week, when it can be considered and acted
upon; but there are reasons why it is important to
! me that it should be acted upon this week, as it
j will be impossible for me to be present unless it is.
| If the resolution can be brought forward and acted
i upon on Thursday, I certainly will yield with
! pleasure to the motion of the Senator from Massa-
j chusetts, hut only with the understanding that
! when it is taken up we shall have action upon it.
[ Mr. HALE. I do not know but I may be un-
: der the necessity of offering an amendment to that
i resolution, unless the Senator from Maine will
! consent to extend (he inquiry to a date a little
! earlier. There were some removals made eight
1 years agot respecting which I have some little
I curiosity to know the cause, and for that reason I
would like to have the inquiry extended baek to
1841.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator from New
Hampshire feels sensitive in relation to. any re-
movals in New Hampshire in 1841; he is compe-
tent to introduce a resolution to meet the caee.
The difficulty would be, the Administration which
made the removals in 1841 is not in allrespects
precisely the same aer-that now in power.
Mr. TURNEY, I have no objection to, the
postponement of the consfderation of this^object
till some future time; but I desire to make a few
remaikswhen it does come up, not so much ad
it relates to the inquiry into the subject of reftK>*ra$
in other States as in the State of Tennessee. *"*
Mr. BRADBURY. Go on to-day.
Mr. TURNEY. I feel that it is my duty to
vindicate the character of some of those who have
been removed from office in thatState,andtoshow
that the removals there were removals for opinion's
sake, without any charges, of a dereliction of duty
f whatever, and in the absence of anything like
I proof. I do not propose to throw obstacles m the
i way of the motion of the honorable Senator from
I Massachusetts. I am willing that the subject shall
! be postponed till the day named; but I doubt
whether it can be disposed of in the morning hour
after half past twelve o'clock. If the motion to
postpone could be withdrawn, I would as willingly
submit my remarks this morning as at any other
time.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his motion for the
present, that ,the Senator from Tennessee may
submit his remarks, and he will renew the
motion.
IVlr. WEBSTER. Certainly, sir.
Mr BELL. I should not like to have any un-
derstanding that this subject is to be postponed
after my colleague has submitted his remarks, as
I may hove some remarks to offer after he has said
what he has to say.
Mr. TURNEY. It is very likely that I shall
conclude what I have to say in time to give my
colleague an opportunity to reply this morning, if
he wishes to do so. 1 propose to confine myself
pretty much to the reading of certain testimony in
relation to the official and private character of the
persons removed. Some time -ago this question
was before us on the consideration of some bill,
1 shall not, therefore, repeat what I said on that
occasion, I then proposed to offer some remarks
in vindication of General Clements, who was our
former marshal, and who was removed from office.
In the course of those remarks I referred to a large
j | number of letter's and remonstrances on file in the
j! office of the Secretary of the interior in favor of the
II retention of General Clements m office. 1 had
! j progressed till I made a proposition to read a letter
from a highly lespeclable gentleman in the State
of Tennessee, a Whig, and a candidate for the
;• office of an elector m the last presidential election;
( and at that stage of my remarks 1 was called to
jj order upon the ground that it was not competent,
H or that it was out of order upon that bill, to offer
[• any remarks in relation to any particular case of
removal from office. I now, therefore, desire to
commence where I ieft off; and 1 propose to have
testimony read to show the character of Geneial
Clements, who has been removed from the office
of marshal. The fii^t letter which I propose to
have read is that of John S. Brten, a distinguished
lawyer in Tennessee, tesiding ia the county ad-
joining that in which the maishai resides, and in
which the Federal court is holden. Mr. Brien ia
a gentleman who has been enjoying a full practice
in the Federal court; he was a candidate for an
elector upon the Whig ticket at the last presiden-
tial election, and he has had opportunities to judge
of the conduct of General Clements*, and, as he
says in this letter himself, he had his eye upon
General Clements, watching his course of conduct
in order to ascertain whether he did interfere in
the pending election. He says he did not. How-
ever, the letter will speak for itself, it shows that
the writer had an acquaintance with General
Clements for twenty or twenty-five years, and
testifies to his high chaiacter. 1 ask th..t the letter
be >ead.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Lebanon, (Tknn..) January1850.
Dear Sir : Your j.ivor oi me 27 tn ultimo w before me
up 'ii ihe subject ofyour holding the office of nmisJial of tins
poiuon of Tennessee. Prior to your removal, I wrote a fetter
upon tile subject of your being letained ut officeto Secretary
