1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10S3
If this man was removed for any cause, I would
like to know what was that cause, to what charge
he was obnoxious, whether that of interfering in
elections or anything else. I deny that any such
charge can be brought against him, or that any
proof can be exhibited of that kind. And who
was appointed in his place ? A man who, in 3847,
I think, made an effort to establish a Democratic
newspaper in Tennessee, and not receiving en-
couragement and support, changed his prospectus,
and offered to sustain Whig principles. The
Whigs not being disposed to patronize him, he went
and established a paper which he called neutral,
and, finally, he converted it into an organ of the
Whig party. I think he might be regarded as an
active politician, so far as interference in elections
goes. He, sir, is holding the office now; I do not
say that it is to reward him for the part he took
in the presidential election; yet he has often
changed—was first a Democrat, and is now a Whig,
and holds his office under a Whig Administration,
and against the will and wishes of the community,
both Whigs and Democrats, where no charge can
be brought against Mr. McNeily.
There was also a removal made in East Ten-
nessee, of a gentleman by the name of Graham, in
Tazewell county. This individual had held office
for thirty years, under the various Administrations
which had been in power during that length of
time. It had never been discovered before that he
had been guilty of any impropriety or indiscretion,
or that he had so far interfered in elections as to
require his removal. I had occasion to examine
the papers upon which he was removed. I went
to the department and was permitted to read them
over, and upon doing so I found the charge was
that he was a Democrat and was a wealthy man,
and interfered in elections. I have taken some
pains to inquire from others, and have been told
in all quarters that the charge of interfering in
elections was unfounded. However that may be,
it is true that for thirty years no Administration
could discover any impropriety in his official
course. It was soon discovered after the present
Administration came into power.
I shall not consume the time of the Senate by
alluding to other specific cases, although I could
do so to any extent. But as my colleague has said
these removals-were proper, and upon charges sus-
tained by proof, I would ask him if he can show
that these lemovals are proper? I am certain he
cannot I would ask him to show that an officer
in the State has been proscribed or removed who
was obnoxious to the charge that he had violated
any principle or rule which goes to show that he
was unfaithful or did not attend to all the duties of
his office. Sir, if there be a case in the State, I
must confess I have never heard of it, and I am
wholly ignorant of it. If there be a solitary case
where the man deserved to be removed for the
preservation of any principle, and for the purpose
of appointing some man more honest, or more at-
tentive and diligent in the discharge of his duties,
I must confess i have yet to hear of it.
Mr. CLAY, i will call the attention of the
Senator from Tennessee to the fact that the hour
has arrived for the consideration of the special
order.
Mr. TURNEY. I give way; and I renew the
motion that thi3 subject be postponed and made
the order of the day for Thursday next at half-
past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill to admit Cali-
fornia as a State into the Union, to establish ter-
ritorial governments for Utah and New Mexico,
and making proposals to Texas for the establish-
ment of her western and northern boundaries.
The pending question was that offered by Mr.
Pratt, and modified and adopted by Mr. Davis,
of Mississippi, as follows:
Strike out the words " m respect to'" and insert "to in-
troduce or exclude," and after the words " slavery to in-
sert the following proviso:
"Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
fined to prevent said territorial legislature pacing such
laws a-? may he nfo««sarv for the protection of the nants
of properly of any kind which may have been, or maj be
hereafter, conformably to the Constitution and laws of the
United State*, held in or introduced into said territory." ~
Mr. UNDERWOOD resumed and concluded
the speech which he began yesterday, of which a
report will appear in the Appendix,
♦The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered
on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say, Mr. President,
that upon a question of this importance, in which
so great an interest is felt by the whole community,
the Senate should be full if possible. It is rather
too thin to take a vote upon such an amendment
now. The question is unexpectedly presented to
our decision, and I suggest that, on grave and in-
teresting questions of this kind, the vote should
not be taken without some previous notification to
the Senate.
Mr. DAYTON. I concurentirely in the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Georgia. I think it is
not intended that the vote shall be taken on this
question to-day. I may be mistaken, but I was
under the impression that some other gentlemen
wished to address the Senate upon this amend-
ment. I had purposed myself to say something
upon the general subject when the bill as amended
comes before the Senate; but while these amend-
ments are pending, 1 do not care to do so. I think
it right that those Senators who are favorable
to these bills—these compromise propositions—
should get them into shape to suit themselves, and
when they are then presented broadside, those of
us who are opposed to them and who ore favora-
ble to the plan, so far as it goes, presented by the
Executive, would like to be heard . I purpose, at
the proper time, not to contrast these plans, be-
cause, so far as I know or can see, they are not sus-
ceptible of contrast; for, as respects this question
of slavery, they go together so far as they do go,
and when the plan of the Executive is dropped, the
plan of the committee goes on, and it goes on
alone. I say I purpose after this bill shall be got
into shape to suit the views of its own friends, then
to say what I have to say, and to give such rea-
sons as I can give for showing my preference for
the Executive plan. Myimpression is, thatsome
other gentlemen are disposed to speak on this
amendment, and I think that the suggestion of the
Senator from Georgia ought to prevail, and that,
at least upon important amendments of this kind,
the time when it is proposed to take the vote should
be known.
Mr. CLAY. I hope, Mr. President, that the
question will be taken now. It is not conclusive.
The Senate are now acting as a Committee of the
Whole. The amendment can be renewed in the
Senate after the bill has been transferred from the
committee to the Senate. Besides, I do not per-
ceive any great thinness in the Senate. I think if
my friend from Georgia will look round he will
see that the Senate is pretty full. But, sir, what
I mean to say is, that I think it is high time that
we had made some progress in this measure. I
was reading last night a newspaper from San
Francisco, giving an account of a public meeting
there, which had been convened upon the propo-
sitions which were submitted by me to the Senate,
I think in February last, and echoingthe sentiments
of San Francisco, upon the subject of these propo-
sitions, back to the Capitol. Those propositions
were submitted nearly four months ago, and this is
thefirstamendment which has been offered. There
are, I believe, many others yet to be offered, and
I hope we shall take the question now. If there
be a decision contrary to the wish of any Senator,
we can move the question again in the Senate, as
I have explained. But I see a great many Sena-
tors present, enough I am sure to.decide the ques-
tion involved in this amendment.
Mr. DAYFS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
certainly do not wit^h for a delay until an ccho can
come back from San Francisco to my amend-
ment, although f have no doubt hut we might get
an echo to it after awhile. I would like, however,
when the question is takfn on this amendment,
that the Senate should be full, because I would
prefer having a distinct expression of sentimenton
the part of all Senators. And yet, on the other
hand, I am not inclined to take the sense of jhe
Senate on this amendment without sufficient notice.
Let it be postponed till to-morrow at one o'clock.
I shall be pleased, like the honorable Senator
from New Jersey, to say something upon the bill
after it has passed through all the proposed stages
of amendment. I shall be indeed glad if the bill
can be so amended as to induce me to become an
advocate for it. I am ready to vote upon the
amendments one after another as they arise. I
have no wish to speak upon them, nor to consume
the time of theSenate by offering an^ amendments
which I do not regard as absolutely necessary* I
cannot, however, speak in favor of the bill before
it is amended, and even when it ia amended I do
not know whether I shall be able to support it or
not.
Mr. KING. So far as I have listened to the
debate, no opposition has been made to this amend-
ment. I have heard no individual express himself
adverse to it. The friends of the bill desire that it
should be so amended as to make it palatable to
all parties. I do not, therefore, see anj reason for
postponing the vote.
Mr. DAVIS,'of Mississippi. Oh, if, as the
Senator says, there is no objection to the amend-
ment, the vote may be as well taken upon it now.
Mr. KING. I have heard no opposition. Has
the Senator?
Mr. DAVIS,of Mississippi. Oh, yes; this very
morning.
Mr. KING. I speak of the discussion. If there
is opposition to the amendment, the vote will show
us where we are, and what the Senate proposes to
do. If the Senate is not prepared to make any
amendments, however immaterial, to reconcile
gentlemen to those portions of it which are unpala-
table to them, we shall then understand the posi-
tion which we have to occupy. For myself, I am
in favor of acting on the amendment now. If it
is rejected, it can come before the Senate when the
bill is reported from the Committee of the Whole,
and can be acted on again. If there are any gen-
tlemen absent who wish to vote upon it, they will
then have an opportunity of doing so. But really,
sir, it appears to me that we should go on and
make some progress in this matter. It may be-
come necessary for me, although I am not in the
habit of addressing the Senate at great length, in
order to justify my course, which has been in
some degree indirectly assailed by other speakers,
to make a few remarks to put myself right; but I
do not wish to do it upon this amendment. When
the hill assumes its final shape, lean look at it
as a whole, and see whether I-can support it or not.
I hope we shall not delay action.
Mr. BERRIEN. I made the suggestion which
I did with no desire to delay the action of the Sen-
ate upon this bill. I am ready, if such be the pleas-
ure of the Senate, to vote upon this amendment
now. I believe an acquiescence in that suggestion
would economise the time of the Senate. I do not
know but that there may be Senators in the recess,
but, looking at the vacancies on the floor, I sup-
posed that the Senate was very thin. I am per-
fectly aware that the question can b£ raised again
when the bill comes out of the Committee of the
Whole, where I believe it now is. But if it should
be decided by a decisive majority, there will be no
motive for renewing the question before the Senate.
If, on the other hand, it is decided by a thin Sen-
ate, and the vote shall be nearly equal, we caa
have the question raised before the Senate and re-
new the discussion there. This was the considera-
tion which prompted me. I am as ready now as
I sh^ll be at any future time to vote.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, it is not my pur-
pose or desire to enter at present into a discussion
of the principle involved in the amendment now
before the Senate. I agree with the proposer of
it, [Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,] that it is exceed-
ingly desirable to have a proposition to vote upon
which means something, and has the same mean-
ing in every part of the country. I am not able to
regard this amendment as such a proposition.
The Senator from Mississippi declares that if we
adopt it, we shall recognize, by a strong implica-
tion at least, the existence of slavery in the terri-
tories, or, at all events, the constitutional right of
slaveholders to carry their slaves into them, and
hold them there. Other Senators deny this. Now,
sir, I desire to exclude the conclusion of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, and, for that purpose, sub-
mit an amendment, which, I think, will have that
effect. I ask that it maybe read, and desire a vote
upon it.
Mr. PRATT inquired whether it would be m
order to offer to amend the amendment after the
yeas and nays had been ordered on^hat amend-
ment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT decided that it was
in order.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
" Provided, further, That nothing herein contained shall
