1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
be construed as-muthorizmg or permitting the introduction
of sldWTv or tin-, holding of persons as property within said
Territory."
Several Senators. It is the Wilmot proviso.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAYTON". Mr. President, I bee: to sub-
mit now the propriety of yielding- to the suggestion
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] and
letting the vote be taken upon this subject at one
o'clock to-morrow. Very little time would be
economized by taking the vote now. Certainly
there are gentlemen who would be disappointed
and mortified if they should be out of their seats
when a proposition of this kind was voted upon
with the yeas and nays, but who had not antici- |
pated this stat,c of things; and it seems to me but
just to them, on an important question of this i
kind, that we designate an hour when the vote j
shall be taken. I move that the further consider- j
ation of this subject be postponed till to-morrow j
at one o'clock. j
On division, the motion was negatived—ayes i
22, noes 24. j
The question then recurred on the amendment |
to the amendment. j
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the amendment |
proposed by the Senator from Mississippi is, that
the restraining clause upon the power of the legis-
lature shall not be so exercised as to prohibit the
protection necessary to any property in the terri-
tory, according to the Constitution and laws of the
United States. 1 believe I state substantially the
effect of the amendment, although I am not pre-
pared to give the words.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Yes; that is it.
Mr. CLAY. I have no particular objection to
that amendment; because, if there be a local law |
abolishing slavery, and there be in the Constitution j
and laws of the United States authority given to ,
carry slaves into the territory, then those laws and !
that Constitution abrogate the local law. It is, in j
fact, a legislative assertion of what would result j
without any legislative enactment; for, if you
were silent-upon the subject of legislation either
way, in point of fact, the provision in the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States which au-
thoiizes the introduction of slaves into the ceded
territory would, without any declaration in the
bill, have the effect which I have stated, of abro-
gating the local law which forbids it. Regarding
the amendment, therefore, as merely asserting a
fact which would follow without the introduction
of the amendment, I have no particular objection
to it- Nor do I see, sir, that, by implication, as
has h^en asserted, it may be concluded that this
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi will
authorize, under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, the intioduction of slavery into the
ceded territory. I do not think that there is any
euch implication. 1 repeat, i think that u is add-
ing nothing more than that which would lesult
without the enactment of the provision offered by
the. Senator from Mississippi.
Now, if the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] will
modify his amendment so as to declare that it is
not the intention of Congress to assert, one way or
the other, the operation of the Constitution and
laws of the United States as to the introduction of
slaves, so as to preclude that implication which he
fceems to apprehend, but of which i have no ap-
prehension, I ahull have no objection to his amend-
ment. 1 am prepared, equally with the Senator
from Ohio or any other Senator, to disaffirm, either
in us uffii mauve or negative effect, that the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States do or do
not admit slavery. I do not think there is either
an affirmative or a negative to it, by the clause in-
troduced by the Senator from Mississippi. That
is my opinion, and I dare say it was his purpose.
But if it is merely to guaid against the implication
tiiat there may he authority, by the Constitution
and laws of the United States, to inttoduce slavery,
I shall be wi!hng to vote for the amendment, if he
will put it into this form.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It ha& very
st-angeiy been my fortune, through every modifi-
cation of this amendment—and I have tried to
modify it so as to meet the views of those who are
willing to irrve us our constitutional rights—it has
very .strangely been my fortune, I say, when claim-
i«ig thut the territorial legislation shall not be re-
saneled fiom giving to slave property the protec-
tion it is allowed to give to other property, to be
constantly regarded as though I sought from Con-
gress a declaration of what our rights are. I ha\e
not sought it. I would not take it. I never yet
have consented, and never will, to allow Congress
to measure the constitutional rights of the South.
Why, sir, it would border upon fatuity, if one
representing the minority of this Union, should
come forward to ask the exercise of such an au-
thority here. The language about the introduc- ;
tion or exclusion of slavery was introduced into i
the amendment by others, not by myself; and it
goes to cover the whole extent of all the Senator
from Kentucky has said. It is the proviso to this
amendment as it now stands winch alone covers
what I originally introduced, and which was to
exclude the conclusion to be drawn from the oiigin-
j al terms of the bill, that the territorial legislature
' should not legislate to protect the right of property
! in slaves the same as the right in other species of
j property taken into the territory. That is the
: whole of it. It is no more than that. We claim
i the right to go there under the Constitution, and
} we claim that you should not restrict the territorial
; legislature from protecting property in slaves, when
| we choose to exercise our constitutional right of
[ going there.
| 1 am not able to comprehend, from the language
| used by the Senator from Kentucky, in reply to
! the Senator from Louisiana, Mr. [Soule,] how he
' can possibly hesitate to vote for this amendment.
: I said before, and 1 say again, if there be any here
| who seek to make the laws of Mexico supreme
| over territory now the property of the United
| States, and who expect to call upon Congress to
' organize governments which shall remain subser-
1 vientto those Mexican laws, 1 want the issue made,
i and 1 want to go before the country upon it. I
j claim that every act we perform must be subordin-
j ate to the Constitution, and thatany territorial gov-
i ernments you form, whatever may be the terms
I you employ, at least must be in accordance with
| the great principles of the Constitution. It is to
prevent the assertion and exercise of a power which
we do not possess, that I seek to confine the re-
striction upon the territorial legislature within
these limits.
Mr. HALE. 1 hope the vote will be taken,
but 1 want to say a single word upon this matter,
i like theamendment ptoposed by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] but I thir.lt it is not explicit
enough, and if an appropriate occasion presents
itself, 1 will endeavor to offer an amendment that
will at least show us wheie we stand upon this
subject. For one, 1 am opposed to this circumlo-
cutory way of getting at this matter. The Senate
and the country are divided upon this question,
and we ought at least to ascertain where we stand.
The Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] in ad-
dtessing the Senate yesterday, said—1 cannotquote
legislate over slavery in the territories, has not
yet seen its second biithday. It is not two years
old. No, sir, it is not as old as the Clayton com-
promise bill, or no older. It had its origin in the
dojj-days of 184S, and that bantling has grown to
such a size that it now stands up here and threat-
ens the Union of these States; that dog-day bant-
ling, born during the discussion of that time, ant]
not two years old, has got to be so gigantic, that
it is going to dissolve the Union. Now, I want to
let the giant stretch himself, try himself; because,
| sir, the threat is now openly made that if the legis-
lation of the country, dxty years old, does not
bow down before this child of a few months old,
the Union has got to be dissolved.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Who made such
a threat?
Mr. HALE. Who made it ? Well, sir, I do not
know but that it would be easier to mention those
that have not made it, than those that have. [A
laugh ] Why, sir, it comes to us on every breeze,
in different shapes and in different forms. Who
mode the threat? 'Why, sir, i will mention a re-
mark that was made. I will not give the definition
of it. The colleague of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi himself said, in his place in this
i body, when a proposition was made to give pre-
cedence to the California bill over the territorial
bill, that if we even pursued that course in dispos-
ing of the calendar, the Union could not be saved.
I do not know that that was a threat, but he cer-
tainly said that if we passed one bill, in preference
to another, and did not take a certain order of legis-
lation on the calendar, the Union could not stand.
If the Union has got to this pass, let it go; His not
worth saving. If it has got to be so despicably
weak, and so contemptible j^iat it hangs on such
a rotten thread as that, and depends upon the po-
sition of the calendar, why, we endanger it every
day when we take up bills out of order. But, sir,
what I have been pained at is, that amongst the
" leading members'* of the Senate—for I do not
suppose the " leaders" are all on one side—not
one has been found to stand up here and advocate
that old ordinance of the old Congress, older than
the Constitution. It was denounced as " infa-
mous,sir, over and over again. The official re-
porters of our body, the proprietor of the Union
newspaper, paid by the column, day after day,
and week by week, denounce that measure as
" infamous;" and, of course, everybody who sup-
ports it is " infamous," too; and we sit quietly
here and hear the faith of our fathers, and the do-
ings of this Congress, from its earliest moment up
to the present day—no, up to 1848—denounced as
infamous, and not a word is said in reply. The
great difficulty now is, how to get round this in-
famy. We are not to meet it in the face, but to
his very woids, but 1 certainly have his idea—that \\ stifle it—put it out of the way. It is dead, sir,
the legislative instructions of his own State left him ij confessedly. All around confess it to be dead, and
no discretion on this measure; he stands here under ■ the only thing now is, to bury it out of sight, so
instructions. Well, if lam light in thelmtoiy ' ' ' ' " ' 1 • *" "*
of the Legislatures in this country, there are quite
a number of Senators here who, if that is the i ule
of Senatorial discretion, have about as little left as
the Senator Irom Virginia has. 1 think, sir, that ,
i at least fourteen States of this Union, if that is the \
! rule that is to measure Senatorial discieuon, have j
left their Senators upon this question equally as
i narrow a place to walk upon as the Senator fiom j
Virginia 1ms. j
Mr. .BALDWIN. Delaware makes fifteen ;
I States.
Mi. HALE. I am told there are fifteen States.
| The Senator fiom New York [Mi. Dickinson]
gave us a hint the other day winch I mean to im- ,
that it shall not offend the too sensitive olfactories
of gentlemen That is the way in which we stand,
sir. I do not stand here to defend or to advocate
the policy of the President. A loud challenge was
made here the other day, to any friend of the Ad-
ministration to come forward and defend that plan.
Well, I am no friend or enemy of the Administra-
tion. They may take care of themselves, and I
will endeavor to take care of myself. But I will
answer one part of the challenge; and what I have
to say I will say here, and not in the newspapers.
I will say it here; and 1 say, that for one, I stand
by the " infamy" of that measure.
Mr. CLAY. Which measuier
Mr. HALE. I stand by the " infamy" of the
pio\e upon; he said he hoped, when he wanted j! ordinance of '87, and I am ready to stagger under
to get up a bill, he was parliamentarian enough to j
do it. He is, sir, and I do hope that among the ;
Senators lepiesentmg <he fifteen States that have!
laid down rules measuring Senatorial discretion :
upon this subject, by the blessing of God there j
will be sagacity enough left in some of them to j
draw a line, or some proposition which may be
offered here, by which it may be seen who walk j
by discietion and who by instructions. 1 do hope ,
that it will be presented here, and then, when we i
all the opprobrium that may be heaped upom me,
and to adhere to the old steps of the old men of
the country.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Kentucky the
other day said—1 have not his speech befoie me,
but I hope it made a due impresssion on my mind
so that 1 recollect the impoit of H—if this compro-
mise bill is passed everybody will be satisfied.
Mr. CLAY. No, sir, no: I never said so.
Mr. HALE. You have not heard the whole
have found out who walk by discretion and who jj sentence. Keep your " no'' till I get through
by instructions, it will be time enough to talk about 1 ^ J u" — -:~C-A  
a compromise, and not till then, i confess that I
have been pained and mortified by the discussion
of this subject, and for this reason. I undertake
to say that this doctrine, which is now going to
dissolve the Union, that we have no right to
Everybody would be satisfied except-
| Mr. CLAY. Present company. [Laughter.]
i Mr. HALE. No, sir, not present company,
:but "a few miserable fanatics;" all but they
• would be perfectly satisfied. Now, sir, to use a
| homely phrase, permit me to tell that honorable
