1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
sought to organize parties in this country in viola- I the Senate or Hnn® nf .• e
tion of the Farewell Address of Washington, by i free State on the back of a   nig^en"6! havenot
avery high appreciation of that sort of pseudo-
saying that that illustrious man had given a prac- .
tical evidence that he was an Abolitionist by freeing j
his negroes at his death. Very well, sir; i highly j
approve the act, and think that it gives additional
lustre to his name. But, sir, that is no answer to
my remark that he had in his last and greatest
state paper solemnly warned us against sectional
jealousies, and had implored us not to listen to de-
signing demagogues, who would, as he truly pre-
dicted, spring up in different portions of our ex-
tended Union, and endeavor to make the people
believe that there was a substantial difference of
interest between the North and the South, and that
that interest would be promoted by a disruption of
the parts. He exhorted us, with prophetic vision,
to avoid geographical divisions and distinctions.
These,sir, I seek by my vote and humble influ-
ence to avoid. Sir, whilst no man could be more
opposed to slavery in the abstract than i am, I will
do nothing to excite and prolong this most unnat-
ural feeling of hostility that has been so rapidly
growing up between the slaveholding and non-
, slaveholding States of this Union. Sir, to my mind
there is nothing so fraught with peril toourAiner-
philanthropy which passes over " objects" of be-
nevolence" and charity at home, to travel a thou-
sand or fifteen hundred miles for objects on which
to lavish it; that gets up caricatures and effigies,
&c., depicting the horrors of slavery, to harass
and excite the old maiden ladies, and men of weak
neryes in the free Slates. And yet, these are
the characters who contribute largely to get up
these agitations, the results of which have been
shown in Congress for the two years past. 1
think that it is high time for both Whigs and
Democrats, if they would have this Union held
together, to take a stand against these agitators.
And now, sir, just show~me a proposition con-
nected with abolitionism in any shape, and you
will have my vote against it, here or elsewhere.
I think I understand the progressive spirit of these
things, and of the purposes of certain gentlemen,
who are not here, [laughter,] but on the opposite
side of the Chamber, and outside of the bar. We
all know what capital they have already made by
denouncing ' President Polk's God-abhorred war;'
begun and prosecuted, as they allege, for slavery.
icaasan organization of the polnical parties who !l I must say that if they could-only calculate
are to control the country upon sectional and geo- >| upon the spirit advancing as rapidly in the fu-
graphical issues and divisions. Sir, 1 scorn and !| ture as it has done in the past, they will easily
repudiate the idea that I am to be called on to vote ij get put into those glorious places which they are
for any man for President, regardless of his poht- ij so anxiously waiting to fill.
ical views and principles, simply because he lives I Sir, when I spoke of the warnings of the
in a free State, and is in favor ot destroying the in- i Father of our Country, and of those who had
stitutions and property, and perhaps the lives, of
the people of the other half of the Union. But, sir,
if we are to be forever forced upon these sectional
issues, where are we to stop? If this question is
not now settled, it is to run into the next presi-
den'ial election; and if it should, it-would be pro-
ductive of the worst consequences to the stability
of the Union. I know enough to believe that
much, if not the greater part of all that is said about
a dissolution of the Union is exaggeration,and that
no such feeling at present really exists in tne hearts
of any considerable portion of the people. And
although I do not believe that any measures we
may pass here aie going to cause a dissolution of
the Union, yet I do believe, as surely as there is a
God in heaven, if you force the people of the
United States upon a sectional issue for the presi-
dential eleclion, in which the people of the free
States are to look to particular candidates because
they are in and of the fiee States, then, sir, I ven-
ture to say, that m the shortest possible time, you
will have a severance of the Union. Sir, £ could
cite men within my view now who are looking to
that position, and who are already imagining their
elevation from this or the other wing of the Capi-
tol, to the Presidency of the United States upon an
issue of that sort. The President of the United
States is to be an Abolitionist; his Cabinet, as a
matter of course, would be Abolitionists; our for-
signed the Declaration of Independence, and of
the noble example they had set us, and of all they
had done for us, I could not but think (hat we
owed it to them to defend the. Constitution, and
thus preserve the rich legacy they had bequeathed
us.
But, s^r, if these doctrines are to advance in
the free States as rapidly as they have done, and
gentlemen are to make issues outside of the Con-
dent, to enter at all into thi3 debate, further thati
j to call the attention of the Senate to the distinct
| proposition which is now before them, and then
| to ask again that the Senate adjourn, or that it
rather be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock-
The tenth section of the original lull does not
seem to me at all subject to the exception which
has been taken to it by the Senator from Missis-
sippi and others. That section restricts any legis-
lation "in respect to African slavery." 1 think
that conveys a distinct idea. Wo legislation m re-
spect to African slavery means the institution of
slavery; but 1 do not apprehend that if there hap-
pen to be slaves there, which can be legally held
as such, that this forbids their making police laws
for their own safety and protection. Then comes
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi;
which, for the purpose of excluding a conclusion,
I says, " provided that nothing heiem contained
I shall be construed as to prevent the passage of
; laws for the preservation of that kind of proper-
I ty," under the general denomination of property.
1 As it originally stood, as the amendment was first
j offered by the Senator from Maryland, it was,
! "all properly lawfully introduced;" but that 13
j stricken out purposely by the Senator from Mis-
I sissippi, so that if the property gets m there ander
j the Constitution and laws of the United Slates,
| then territorial legislation may take place for the
1 purpose of protecting it there. That 1 understand
I to be the object of it.
I Mr. DAVIS. With the Senator's permission,
| I wish to ask him whether he heard the explana-
! tion made when the language now used was sub-
( stituted instead of the word lawfully?
Mr. DAYTON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the Senator knows that the
■ word lawfully was an interlineation to which 1 ob-
jected as soon as I saw it, and took the first oe-
i casion to modify. Believing that it made no dif-
1 feience in the meaning of the amendment, the
Senator from Maryland made this interlineation
stitution, (like the Senator from New York, who j, at the suggestion of another, and without consuit-
regretted that the Legislature of his State had not '< ing me.
instructed him to go fot ihe immediate abolition of |t Mr. DAYTON. Certainly. I recollect dis-
slavery in the District of Columbia;) if we are to ii tinctly the explanation of the Senator from Mis-
go on making new issues and raising new poinis of 1< sissippi. The fear is that this amendment as
this character, and are sustained in them, as they i! offered by the Senator from Mississippi may im-
were some yeais ago on^queslions that they raised j> ply, what we believe does not exist, a light to 10-
outof the annexation of Texas and the war with
Mexico, they will produce indeed a lamentable
state of affairs. If they are to go on thus agita-
ting these questions as they do, and making all
these sectional issues, and receive for them the
sanction of the people of the free States, they will
render infamous among men the names of " the
Father of his Country," and of Jefferson, and of
other great men who have held slaves; and simply
because they held them.
Now, sir, these are precisely the objects which
are sought to be accomplished by these gentlemen.
1 I say, therefore, that I repudiate everything con
eing ministers would also be Abolitionists; and, in-i! nccted with this thing of agitation. lam here a
stead of having men who will stand up for our
interestsand h.-nor, and defend our institutions,as j
my respected friend from Michigan [Mr. Cass] so j
nobly did upon a memorable occasion, when they ,
were attacked in foreign countries, you will have |
those who not only do not rebuke those who may >
venture to do so, but lend a helping hand in the j
assailment; who rejoice in every opportunity to ]
assail that portion of the Union within whose
borders this particular institution of slavery exists.
These, sir, are the inevitable results that must be
forced upon us, by giving way to the doctrines of
these gentlemen.
Now, sir, I will say that I do not believe that
there is a particle of sincerity on the part of those
who are eternally prating about the dangers of
slavery in Utah and New Mexico. Sir, 1 cannot
believe they think what they say. This whole
movementhas been political rather than philan-
thropical. These gentry do not believe in their
souls that there is any danger whatever of south-
ern slaveholders emigrating with their negroes to
those elevated and hyperborean regions, but yet,
for the sake of a little political capital 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
admonish the Senator that his remaiks are not
strictly in order.
Mr. DODGE. Mr. President, I may be al-
lowed, I hope, to say that I have not a great deal
of respect for those persons—f will not intimate
that there are any present—who seek to ride into
warm friend of the admission of California; and, I
sir, I would be willing now to sit day and night if !
ihat object could be effected, disconnected with !
any other measure. But the Senate has decreed
troduce or to hold slaves in the territory. The
Senator fro 11 Kentucky says he has no objection
to the amendment, because if that right does exist
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, then the amendment has no meaning; and
if it does not exist, then it is of no importance.
That is all very well; and therein comes the ob-
jection to this amendment. The Senator from
Mississippi who offers it thinks ii has some mean-
ing above and beyond that which the original bill
had. The Senator from Kentucky thinks that iliis
amendment leaves the matter to stand precisely as
it stood by the original bill. Nor is this division
between those two distinguished gentlemen; there
may be a misapprehension upon the part of some
of us. Then comes in the amendment of tbe
Senator from Ohio, who wishes to exclude ihe
conclusion intended to be drawn from the amend-
otherwise; that is, to connect it with other meas- j ment of the Senator from Mississippi, and says:
ures; and I am not now disposed to be factious,
but to vote for this bill, because it proposes to pro-
vide governments for the territories, which I be-
lieve it is our solemn duty to give them. 1 am will-
ing and anxious too/or the passage of the fugitive
slave bill, and am desirous of voting for it 111 the
form proposed by the Senator from Virginia, or in
any other satisfactory Form. I can answer lor my
coii3i!tuents that they are not negro stealers, al
Provided further, that nothing herein contained
'shall be construed as authorizing or permitting
'the introduciion of slavery into the territory."
But, say certain gentlemen, that is the Wilmot
proviso. Not at all. The Wilmot proviso is an
affirmative act of legislation, saying that slaves or
slave property shall not be held in the territory.
This proviso is, that you shall not construe the
provisions of the amendment in such a way
though they live right upon the borders of a slave ij under that amendment to introduce this slave
State. True, some of the Missounans did onceji property. In other words, you go back exactly
come with thtir rifles loacertain Q.uaker settlementwhere you started, and if you adopt the amend-
afier some fugitive slaves; and they got them. Wi ment of the Senator from Ohio, you leave the bill
had a practical illustration of the idea suggested by
I the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] of peo-
| pie fighting for their rights under the Constitution
j and ill the Union. And, bad as that is, I greatly
] prefer it to fighting for rights outside of the Union,
and after it shall he dissolved. We are not of those
States who would throw obstacles in the way of
| the provisions of the Constitution being carried
' into effect, nor do we desire or intend to do so. I
! am therefore willing to take these measures togeth-
j er or separately, and to vote for them as they
I come up
exactly as the Senator from New York thinks it
originally stood. I apprehend the answer to the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi is
found in the fact that, if the Senator from Ken-
tucky understands it rightly, it neiiher adds to or
takes from the bill as it originally stood; and if
so, the amendment is unnecessary; and ifit means
more, it is wrong. I do not wish to take the haz-
ard of any misunderstanding of southern Senators
in respect to this subject-matter. I shall therefore
vote against it. Having made this explanation,
may I be permitted to renew the motion to lay
Mr. DAYTON. I havs no purpose, Mr. Presi-1: this matter over to one o'clock to-morrow r My
