THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 30, 1850.
New Series No. 69.
The resolutions were received, and referred, as
proposed.
AGRICULTURE.
Mr. CASEY asked and obtained leave to offer
certain resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania, on the subject of an agricultural bureau,
which, on his motion, were referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
Mr. FULLER asked leave to introduce certain
resolutions, (of which the purport was not stated,)
with a view of having them referred.
Mr. BOCOCK objected, and called for the reg-
ular order of business.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the bill reported yesterday evening
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, providing for the construction of cer-
tain roads in the Territory of Minnesota—on
which the previous question had been demanded
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gott.]
The question was first on seconding the demand.
Mr. THOMAS asked that the bill be read.
It was read accordingly, (as given in our paper
of yesterday.)
The previous question was seconded—ayes 86,
noes not counted; and the main question was or-
dered—being first on the amendment reported by
the committee, in the following words, viz:
Sec. 2. Jlnd. he it further enacted, That the Governors of
Oregon and Minnesota shall report to Congress, annually, a
detailed statement of the expenditure ot money appropriated
by Congress for the use or benefit of said temtories, which
is expended under the order or supervision of the Governor
and Assembly.
The questions being respectively taken, the
amendment was agreed to; and
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The bill was read a third time; and the ques-
tion being on its passage—
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. SWEETSER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered—nineteen
members only voting in favor of them.
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative,
So the bill was passed.
The title of the bill was amended, at the sugges-
tion of the Speaker, and by unanimous consent,
by adding the words " and for other purposes."
Mr. SIBLEY moved to reconsider the vote and
to lay that motion on the table.
The latter morion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN IOWA.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of privilege,
and sent to the Speaker's table, where it was read,
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Printer of thi* House be directed to
print the testimony in the contested-election case pending
from the State of Iowa, andturnish the same for the use of
this House and the Committee on Elections, in advance of
all otlier printing.
He said he believed he was not mistaken in sup-
posing that the resolution raised a question of
privilege, inasmuch as it related to the right of a
giember to his seat on this floor.
Mr. JONES raised the point of order, whether
this was a question of privilege or was not. The
evidence was here; the Committee on Elections
could examine it in manuscript as well as in print.
He submitted whether the printing was a question
of privilege; if it were not, he objected to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
this is not a question of privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK said that the resolution di-
rected the printing for the use of the committee
and of the House; he apprehended, therefore, that
it was a question of privilege relating to an inquiry
as to the right of a gentleman to a seat on this
floor.
Mr. JONES. Has not the House ordered the
printing of the evidence ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; and ordered it to be
69
done two weeks ago, in advance of all other print-
ing, and there is not a word of it printed yet.
Mr. STRONG said, as a member of the Com-
mittee on- Elections, he hoped there would be no
objection to passing this order, because it would be
a convenience to the committee; although he had
not been aware that the resolution was to be in-
troduced, he hoped there would be no objection to
it.
Mr. JONES. If the unanimous consent of the
House is asked, I will not object; but I do object
to its being: considered as a question of privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yery well; I still think,
however, that it is a question of privilege.
No objection, therefore, being made to the re-
ception of the resolution,
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN OREGON.
Senate bill (No. 90) entitled " A bill authorizing
the negotiation of treaties with the Indian tribes in
the Territory of Oregon, for the extinguishment
of their claims to lands lying west of the Cascade
mountains, and for other purposes," being under
consideration—
And the qestion being on ordering it to be read
a third time—
Mr. JONES rose and was recognized.
Mr. THURSTON" rose simultaneously, and
said he would move the previous question.
Mr. JONES appealed to the gentleman from
Oregon to withdraw his demand for the previous
question.
Mr. THURSTON said he would be very will-
ing to withdraw his demand for the previous ques-
tion if 
The SPEAKER interposed, and stated that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had been
recognized, and was entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES said this bill had passed through
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union yesterday without attracting his attention.
If his attention had been drawn to it he certainly
should have moved an amendment to strikeout
the second and third sections.
The Clerk read the sections, as follow:
" Sec. *2. Jlnd he it further enac'ed. That the President be
authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. to appoint a superintendent of Indian affairs for the
Territory of Oregon, who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-five hundred dgllars, and whose duty it shall be to
exercise a general superintendence o< er all tbg Indian
tribes, and to exercise and perform all the powers and
duties assigned bylaw to other superintendents of Indian
affairs.
" Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted} That so much of the
act to establish the territorial government of Oregon, ap-
proved the 11th August, 1848, as requires the governor of
said territory to perform the duties of superintendent of
Indian affairs, and authorizes him to receive a salary there-
for, in addition to the salary allowed for his services as gov-
ernor, he repealed ; and that the governor of said Territory
shall hereafter receive an annual salary of three thousand
dollars."
It would be recollected (said Mr. J.) that when
the bill to organize the territorial government of
Oregon passed, it contained a provision which
was common to nearly all the territorial bills which
had passed Congress. He believed he might say
it had been the general, if not the universal, prac-
tice of Congress, in organizing territorial govern-
ments, to authorize the appointment of a governor,
with a salary of §1,500; anil also, to impose upon
that governor the farther duties of superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, with an additional salary of
01,500—thus making the salary of the governor
and of the superintendent of Indian affairs §3,000.
This provision was copied from former territorial
bills into the Oregon bill; and he (Mr, J.) was
one of those who had voted for that bill. He
should not have voted for it if it had contained
this provision, making the superintendent a sep-
arate, distinct officer from the governor. There
was one, if not more, gentlemen on this floor, and
there were dlher gentlemen at the other end of the
Capitol, who had discharged the duties of super-
intendent of Indian affairs and of governor of a
territory. He could see no necessity for the su-
perintendence of Indian affairs to make an addi-
tional officer of this territory, when it bad never
before been done, and, so far as he knew, there
had never been any complaint that the. governor
of a territory was not able to discharge all the-
duties of superintendent of Indian affairs. He
desired that the red men of the forest in that terri-
tory should have the same governor over them that
the white men there had. The second section pro-
vided that the President should appoint a superin-
tendent of Indian affairs for the Territory of Ore-
gon, with a salary of $2,500. The third section
repealed so much of the Oregon territorial bill as
imposed upon the governor the duties of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, and gave him an addi-
tional amount of $1,500 for the discharge of these
duties; yet it retained the salary of £3,000 which
he had before received for the discharge of the
duties of both offices. If there had ever been a
case in any territory of the Government of there
being appointed a superintendent of Indian af-
fairs separate and distinct from the governor of
the territory, he had no knowledge of it, and he
could see no necessity for it in this case, unless it
was to swell and augment the patronage of this
Government, and make one more drain upon the
Treasury. He hoped the two sections would be
stricken out-
Mr. THURSTON said, he was sorry that this
clause had not attracted the notice of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] yesterday. It
was now extremely doubtful whether anything
would be done for the Territory of Oregon to-day.
He should move the previous question, after he
had said a very few words in explanation of the
sections which the gentleman proposed to strike
out. The Territory of Oregon embraced two hun-
dred and fifty thousand square miles, and there
were over fifty thousand Indians within its limits.
It was impossible for the Governor of Oregon, to.
whichever political party he belonged, properly to
discharge the duties of superintendent of Indian
affairs. Since Governor Lane had been in that
Territory, his office had been besieged by Indians
night and day, there often being there as many as
three or four hundred Indians at once. It was
impossible for him properly to discharge the duties
of superintendent of Indian affairs, in addition to
the duties of governor. The Committees on In-
dian Affairs in both Houses had approved the
appointment of a superintendent of Indian affairs,
after a particular examination of the subject; it
was also approved by the Committee on Indian
Affairs under the last Administration, as well as
the present committee.
With these remarks, he moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill. y/l
The demand for the previous question was
seconded—ayes 80, noes not counted—and the
main question was ordered; being first on the mo-
tion of Mr. Jones to strike out the second and
third sections.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER counted the members rising in
favor of the yeas and nays, and said they were
not ordered.
Mr. THOMAS asked for tellers on the question
of ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected upon a division.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to
tt third reading—
Mr. JONES, remarking that he had concluded to
record his vote against the second and third, and
in favor of all the other sections, the yeas and
nays having been refused, he would resort to the
only mode now left him of recording bis opinion,
by moving to lay the bill on,the table, which he
now moved.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused
upon this motion, and,
The question being taken,
The House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to
be read" a third time, was taken, and, under the
