1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
operation of the previous question,, was decided
in the affirmative.
The bill was read a third time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
reconsider the vote, with the view (he said) of ex-
pressing h's own opinions, and not with the ex-
pectation of changing the decision of the House.
He believed that in the creation of territories,
Congress had uniformly, since the formation of the
Government, made the governor of the territory
also superintendent of Inchan affairs. The policy
had worked well. Such hud been the case rela-
tive to the Territories of Michigan, Missouri, Ar-
kansas, and other Territories. The governors of
all of them had likewise been superintendent of
Indian affairs. He objected to discontinuing this
policy, which had worked so well—fiist, because
he was opposed to the creation of any more offices
under the Government than were absolutely neces-
sary to perform the public business. He believed
that this was a rule by which both the parties pro-
fessed to he guided—to oppose the unnecessary
increase of Executive patronage. If the governor
had notasufficient compensation,let them increase
it; but let them not authorize the appointment of
two officers, when experience had proved that one
worked as well, probably better.
Again: in his opinion, there should be in the
territory but one man who was the representative
of the " great father" of the Indians, the President
of the TJnited States. The Indians had been ac-
customed to look to the governor of the territory
as the representative of their great father. If they
found that there were two representatives of their
great father, he believed the result would be bad.
They knew that the other policy had worked well.
He did not believe but the governor of the terri-
tory would have ample time to discharge the
duties of superintendent of Indian affairs, in addi-
tion to those of governor. The governors of other
territories* as extensive as the Territory of Oregon,
had found time. He had no idea that there was
anything peculiar in this case. What was wanted
was additional Indian agents: he was willing to
give them as many as were necessary. But there
should be one general head; all our officers in that
Territory, having intercourse with the Indians,
should be under the supervision of the governor
of the Territory; there shouM be in the Territory
but one representative of their great father—the j
President of the United States. !
In conclusion, he repeated that he did not ex- I
pect to aftect the decision of the committee; and as :
ne did not wish to delay action upon the territorial j
bills, having briefly expressed his views, he would
withdraw the motion to reconsider.
The bill was read a third time.
The question being on its passage, was taken,
and decided,in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. THURSTON moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. McMULLEN raised the question of order,
whether the gentleman from Oregon, having no
right to a vote, and the rule requiring that only
those who had voted with the majority should be
entitled to move to reconsider—it was competent
for the gentleman to make the motion.
Mr. HALL said, he would make the motion to
reconsider, if it was objected to coming fiorn the
gentleman from Oregon.
1 he SPEAKER said, the point of order raised 1
by the gentleman from Virginia, was obviated by j
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] making
the same motion. The Chair, however, would
state, that although the rule required the gentle-
man who moved to reconsider should have voted
in the affirmative, it had been decided at the last
session of Congress, that a Delegate from a Terri-
tory had the right to move to reconsider.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on the table.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. THURSTON" offered the usual resolution,
upon which he moved the previous question, to
close the debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, at one o'clock this day, on
the bill to create the office of surveyor general of I
public lands in Oregon, and to provide for the sur- !
vey,and to make donations to settlers, of the said .
public lands. j
The previous question was seconded, the main i
question ordered, and being taken, was decided in I
the affirmative. i
So the resolution was adopted.
SURVEYS, &C., IN OREGON
On motion of Mr. POTTER} the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Strong in the chair,)
for the further discharge of the special order from
yesterday and to-day, relating to territorial busi-
ness—the bill under consideration being the bill
" to create the office of surveyor general of the
public lands in Oregon, and to provide for the sur-
vey, and to make donations to settlers, of the said
public lands."
The fourth section being under consideration,
which was read as amended yesterday, the part in
italics being the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee in lieu of the part in brackets, as follows,
viz:
Seo.4. Jlndbeit further enacted, [That there shall he,and
hereby is, granted to ev^iy white male American citizen
above the a< e of eighteen years, American half breeds in-
eluded ] That there shall be, and hereby js, granted to every
settler or occupant of the public lands, above the age of eighteen
\years, beiti? a citizen of the United States, or having m.uie
a declaration, accoi dirts; to law, of his intention to become
a citizen, now residing in said territory, or who siuill become
a resident thereof on or before the tirst day of December,
eighteen hundred and fiity,and who shall have resided upon
and cultivated the rame for four consecutive years, and
shall otherwise conform to the provisions of this act, the
quantity of [one half section or three hundred and twenty
acres ot land, if a single man, and if a married man, or it'
he *hall become rrsairied within one year from the firs-t day
of December, eighteen hundred and fifty, the quantity of J
one section or six hundred and forty acre.-, one-half to him-
self, and the other half to hid wile, to be held by her m her
own right, and the surveyor geneial shall designate the part
muring to the husband and that to the wife, and enter the
same on the records of his office; and in all cases where
such married persons have complied with the piovisions of
this act,so as to entitle them to the grant as above piovided,
whether under the late provisional government of Oiegon,
or since, and either shall have died before patent issues, the
survivor and children, or heirs, of the deceased, shall be
entitled to the share or interest of the deceased, in equal
proportions, except where the deceased shall otherwise de-
pose of it bv te-tamerit, duly and propeily executed accord-
ing to the laws of Oregon: Provided, however, That this
section shall not be so construed as to allow those claiming
possessory rights under the treaty with Great Britain, relative
to the Oregon Territory, to claim both under this zrant and
the treaty, but merely to secure them the election, and confine
them to a single grant of land.
Mr. Bowlin had moved to amend this sec-
tion as follows: To insert the word " white" be-
fore the word "settler" in the first amendment
proposed by the committee.
Ami the first question was on the amendment of
Mr. Bou-uw.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he was perfectly aware
of the difficulties of meeting in this Hall any
existing prejudices; particularly in the short time
allotted to the discussion of this amendment.
The bill proposes to throw open our public
lands in Oregon to those pioneers who shall en-
counter the toils and dangeis of settling in that
wild and distant region. We give them "the lands
in consideration of the wealth and advantages
which they add to our nation and Government.
The settler thus pnys a far higher consideration,
in this way, than he would to pay his money for
lands in any of our western States: yet, there are
many hardy adventurers who will encounter the
hardships of settling there; but the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. ESowlin] nowproposes to ex-
clude from the benefits of this law the colored por-
tion of our people.
He has assigned no reason whatever in favor of
his motion, but permits it to rest entirely upon the
presumed prejudices of members. This is surely
a novel proposition. We are now called on to say
that we will not sell our lands in Oregon to colored
people. They purchase our lands in Ohio, and in
all the western States of this Union. They are
permitted to settle, to acquire wealth, and become
respectable in community. Why exclude them
from Oregon ? In Louisiana, in Virginia, and, so
far as he knew, in all the slave States, they hold
lands, are wealthy and respectable; and why not
permit them to do the same in the wild regions of
Oregon ?
Wo brought them by violence and wrong from
their native country. We held them in bondage
and oppressed them for ages. When our Revolu-
tion broke out they entered your army, fought
your battles, shared in the glory of that moment-
ous struggle. Then, sir, they were regarded as
citizens, as men. Congress then adopted the fol-
lowing as a part of one of the Articles of Confeder-
ation: «
" The better to secure and perpetuate mutual friendship
and intercoune among the people of tlie diilerent States in
this Union, the free inhabitants of each of these States,
paupers, vagabonds, and fugitives from juftiee excepted,
shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities ot free
citizens in the several States; and the pwoplo of each Slate
shall have free ingress and egress to and from any other
State, and shall enjoy," &c.
This expressed the sentiment of the statesmen
of that day, and when, in 1778, South Carolina
moved to amend the Articles of Confederation by
inserting the word white, there were but two votes
in favor of the amendment. How is it, (said he,)
will the statesmen of this day sustain the doc-
trines of the patriots of that period?
At the adoption of the Constitution, the colored
people voted for delegates in seven of the thirteen
States. Yes, in North Carolina, that patriotic
old State, the colored man was regarded as an
clector, a man. Such, too was the case in Penn-
sylvania, in New York, Connecticut, Massachu-
setts, Rhode island, and Delaware. Will gentle-
men now turn round and drive those electors or
their children from the wild regions of Oregon, if
they wish to go there? He trusted not.
If the amendment had excluded the ignorant,
those who are incapable of reading or icritingt it
would have been based on reason. But the attempt
to fix a distinction upon the complexion of men
or the crisp of their hair, is of all propositions
the most preposterous, the most destitute of
reason. The ignorant, the stupid and degraded
are to be admitted if they bear a pale face; but
the man of information, of high moral worth,
to be excluded if his complexion be of a dusky
hue. Could any proposition be more mconsistant,
more senseless, more unjust?
But the proposed amendment is not only desti-
tute of any good reason, but it is absolutely wrong.
Do gentlemen know who are the persons sought
to be excluded by this amendment? In this city
it is said, and he believed with truth, that seveial
grand-children of Mrs. Washington resided, who
were called colored people. He had seen those
who claimed that relation to the distinguished
lady referred to. We are told that Thomas
Jefferson has many colored descendants in differ-
ent portions of Virginia. In Ohio is a colored
man claiming to be a grand-son of Governor Ma-
son. He was of a dark color, and one of the
most powerful popular speakers to which he had
ever listened; he was regarded as fully equal to
his namesake and reputed relative in the other
end of the Capitol, if we believe authority of
the highest character, much of the best blood of
Virginia flows in the veins of her colored people.
Do we owe nothing to the descendants of those
distinguished names referred to ? Are we to drive
their descendants with rudeness from our terii-
tories'1 He saw gentlemen smile. It was not
usual to call names in connection with this subject.
He treated the subject with solemnity. He re-
garded it in that light. Look to our penitentiaries
and you will find the pardoned nnd the discharged
convicts of those receptaclcs of crime, wending
their way to Oregon. We receive them with open
arms, give them land, but with contempt we are
to spurn the descendants of Jefferson and of Mrs.
Washington, and other patriots of our Revolution.
Rynders and his white mobocrats of New Yoik
city, low, vulgar, vicious, and degraded, the miser-
able scum and filth of society, collected from the
Five Pointy of New York, are by this amendment
welcomed to select farms*in Oregon; while Fred-
erick Douglas, a man of high moral worth, of
great intellectual power, of unrivalled eloquence,
possessing in an eminent degree all the qualities
which constitute moral excellence, is to be exclu-
ded, rudely driven from that region. The Rever-
end Mr. Ward, of New York, a man whose skijk
is said to be blacker than Egyptian darkness, but
whose power of eloquence is unrivalled, and who,
as a divine, has perhaps no superior iir the Union,
is to be discarded as unworthy of our favor. He
would ask, if that were the justice, the consist-
ency of the members of this body ? Will history
record this as an exhibition of the narrow, the
groveling prejudices which govern the American
Congress ? Is this to be a specimen of our Legis-
lation at this middle of the nineteenth century ?
He regretted that the Legislature of Oregon had
attempted by law to exclude colored people from
that Territory. This was a matter beyond their
constitutional powers—they possess no such au-
thority. The Constitution of the United States
guaranties " to the citizens of each State the privi-
leges of citizens in each of the States." By this
