1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
of the Anglo-Saxon blood—the only relief is ob-
tained, by a total separation of domicile between
the two races. It is for this reason, sir, for the
reason that I do not wish to see the free territories
of the United States become a common alms-house
and the receptacle for the superannuated and
worthless free blacks of the South, that I will
vote to relieve the people of Oregon from the curse
of a common domicile of the two races.
Mr. C A FITTER then withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD. I do not rise to oppose
granting lands to the citizens who underwent the
hardships of settling first in the Territory of Ore-
gon, but to say something for my own constitu-
ents who are without lands. I rise to ask why it is
that a bill has been framed and supported here by
so many members, " to give away" large tracts
of the choice land in Oregon, to Whites, Indians,
and Negroes, when this same Congress for up-
wards of thirty years has refused to citizens of
other States (my constituents among them) even
small pieces of mountain and barren iands, unless
they first pay the full price demanded for good
land ?
I readily admit that the first settlers in Oregon,
who defended the country from the Indians,should
have lands granted them; but are they more en-
titled thereto than the thousands of white citizens
who settled Alabama under like circumstances;
who not only had to contend with the fiercest
savages, but many of them, with the very army,
sir, which fired this house and left it in ruins?
Why, I ask, cannot these have the poor places
upon which they live given to them? They will
put up with small tracts ; yes, sir, with less pieces
of poor lands than you propose to give to ne-
groes and Imlf-breed Indians in Oregon; and
why continue to refuse them, and give away to
others? Up to this time you have refused to re-
duce and graduate these poor waste lands, and
let them be sold at their true value; and why, I
ask, this preference to this northwestern posses-
sion ?
I shall not, sir, enter into a debate with the
gentleman from Ohio, next me, [Mr. Cartter,]
who is opposed to permitting free blacks to locate
among his constituents. I believe the citizens of
his State have usually preferred the runaway slaves
It is, however, a matter of taste, which 1 have
no right to dispute, when not indulged at the ex-
pense of my constituents. Nor have I the slight-
est idea of engaging with a gentleman from the
same State, further; off, [Mr. Giddin'gs,] who
personates the sentiment which is sovereign in
this Union—a sentiment which now proposes to
give a way lands in large tracts without any price,
lo negroes and Indian half-breeds, and refuses to
sell it to your worthiest citizens and defenders,
unless they pay more than double its value.
Being allowed but five minutes to express my
opinions, and having called attention to the hard
treatment which my constituents have heretofore
received at your hands, and knowing that they
are wholly at your mercy and in your power, I
conclude by begging that you will treat them bet-
ter in the future.
Mr. MARSHALL inquired what the pending
amendment was?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the proposed
amendment was to insert the word " white" be-
fore the word " settler," and the words " Ameri-
can half-breeds included"after the words " public
lands," in the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The question being on this amendment to the
amendment,
Mr. EVANS asked for tellers.
Mr. MARSHALL inquired if it would be in
order to move to strike out a part of the proposed
amendment r
The CHAIRMAN replied that it would not be
in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, inquired of the
Chair whether it would be in order to move to
amend that part of the original bill which the
committee proposed to strikeout?  
The CHAIRMAN replied that the Chair con-
sidered the proposition of the committee to strike
out and insert as being indivisible.
Mr. MASON. Is it in order to separate the
two portions of the proposed amendment to the
committee's amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that they may be divided.
Mr. MASON. I ask, then, for a division of the
question.
The question was then put upon the first part
of the amendment to the amendment, viz: to in-
sert the word " white," and tellers having been
ordered, Messrs. Wallace, of South Carolina,
and Johnson, of Kentucky, were appointed to act
as such.
The tellers reported 68 in the affirmative and
51 in the negative.
So the first portion of the amendment was
adopted.
The question then recurred on the second branch
of the amendment to the amendment, viz: to insert
the words " American half-breeds included," and
upon this branch of the amendment the tellers
(Messrs. Ogle and Waldo) reported 77 in the
affirmative and 38 in the negative.
So the second branch of the amendment was
adopted.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended,
Mr. JONES proposed further to amend the
section by inserting after the word " fifty" in the
eighth line, the word "three," so as to make it
read " before the first day of December, 1853."
The CHAIRMAN stated that before the prop-
osition could be received and acted upon, tne
question must be taken upon agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee on Public Lands
as amended, inasmuch as the gentleman's pro-
posed amendment related to a different part of the
section.
Mr. DUNHAM proposed to amend the amend-
ment made yesterday on the motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] by insert-
ing after the word " citizen," the following, " or
who shall make such declaration, on or before the
first day of December, 1851."
Mr. DUNHAM. My object in proposing this
amendment is this 
Mr. JONES, (interposing.) That is the same
amendment which I offered and which was ruled
out of order.
Mr. DUNHAM. No, sir, it is not the same.
My object in offering the amendment is this.
There are undoubtedly persons settled in the ter-
ritory of Oregon who are not American citizens,
and who, under the present provision of this bill,
would be excluded from its benefits, although they
are disposed to become American citizens if an op-
portunity were afforded them of complying with the
necessary forms. It is well known that foreigners
^or the most part come into the country poor, and
that their attention for some years is directed to
getting a livelihood for their families, and that they
are very apt to neglect making a declaration of in-
tention to become citizens of the United States.
There are some now in this situation in the Ore-
gon Territory. This law cannot reach there until
fate in the autumn of this year, or perhaps not until
next spring. They cannot, therefore, have time
to make their declaration and become citizens ac-
cording to this provision of the bill as it now stands,
in time lo avail themselves of the bounty of this
Government. The object of the amendment which
I have offered, is to extend the time for making
their declaration of intention to become citizens
until December, 185].
The question was taken upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Durham,] and
it was adopted.
Mr. SACKETT. X move to amend, by insert-
ing after the word " white," in the fifth line, the
words " or colored," so as to admit of the dona-
tion to colored as well as white settlers and occu-
pants.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion,
that inasmuch as the adoption of the amendment
proposed by the gentleman would restore that
part of the section to the condition in which it
stood before the insertion of the word white," it
is not in order.
Mr. SACKETT. If that is the decision of the
Chair, I shall be compelled to take an appeal. The
Ohair will allow me to suggest what seems to have
escaped his attention; that since the insertion of
the word "white," the words" American half-
breed Indians" have been also inserted.
The question being put, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained,
i The question was then taken on agreeing to the
to the amendment was
amendment as amended, and it was decided in .the
affirmative.
So the amendment
adopted.
Mr. THURSTON proposed to move an amend-
ment in section eleven, line three.
The CHAIRMAN stated that such an amend-
ment was not yet in order, the committee not hav-
ing reported that part of the bill.
The fourth section still being under considera-
tion—
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, inquired of the Chair-
man whether the phraseology " settler or occu-
pant," (in the words proposed by the Committee
on Territories to be inserted at the commencement
of the section,) might not include others than white
settlers ?
The CHAIRMAN said he could not undertake
to give a construction to the language for the gen-
tleman.
Mr. COBB, to avoid any such difficulty, moved
to strike out the word " or," and insert, in lieu
thereof " and."
The CHAIRMAN said that the amendment
was out of order at this time.
Mr. COBB moved to amend the eleventh line,
by striking out "one-half," and inserting "one-
quarter;" so as to provide for the grant of one-
quarter section, and make other amendments, ltt
subsequent lines, to conform to this. ,
Mr. JONES said he had an amendment which,
relating to the eighth line, would come in before •
the gentleman's. He moved, in the eighth line,
to insert "three," after "fifty;" so as to read
" who shall become a resident thereof on orbefore
first day of December, 1853," &c,
Mr J.'s amendment was received, and the ques-
tion being on its adoption—
Mr. JONES said the amendment he proposed
would secure the benefits of this provision to all
those embraced within it who might go to Oregon
and become settlers upon the public lands, on or
before the 1st of December, 1853. As the section
now stood, its benefits were secured only to those
settlers who were already there, or who might go
there prior to the 1st day of December next.
Now it would be impossible for the citizens of any
State or Territory on this side of the mountains to
go to Oregon and avail themselves of the benefits
of this section before the 1st day of December
next. He wished to prolong the time for three
years, so that persons on this side of the moun-
tains might have the opportunity of making their
arrangements and removing to that country in
time to avail themselves of.the benefits ofthisseo
tion.
Messrs. STANTON,of Kentucky, and EYANS,
of Maryland, addressed the Chairman.
The CHAIRMAN stated that no remarks or
amendments were in order pending the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.]
Mr. JONES withdrew his amendment.
Mr. EVANS, who was recognized, said he
would yield the floor if the gentleman [Mr. Jones J
had withdrawn his amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK moved an amendment to the
same, (the8th line,) to strike out "December"
and insert "July," so as to extend the benefits of
this provision to any one who should become a
resident in Oregon before the 1st of July next.
The principle upon which he- would vote these
bounties was this: He was for giving them (if at
all) to those pioneers who had borne the brunt,
who had gone forward and first settled that new
country. He was in favor of giving to the pio-
neers the principal, if not the only, benefits of
grants of land. He was not foi holding out, as a
matter of speculation, prospective bounties to those
who might hereafter go and squat upon the public
lands. If they passed ibis section, extending it
for three years, as the gentleman from Tennessee
bad proposed, or even extending it to next De-
cember. the consequence would be, that compa-
nies would go for hire, at so much per month, to
squat upon the public lands and secure the bounty
for the speculators who hired them.
Mr. THURSTON (Mr. Schenck. yielding)ex-
plained that there was an express provision of the
bill preventing any speculative operation of this
kind, and requiring the settler to take oath before
a court of record that he settled upon the la id in
good faith for himself and rendering him liable to
the pains and penalties of perjury if he made a
