1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
claim to bounty lands for any other person. The :
bill wa3 drawn up in its present form limiting {
the period within which settlement must be made |
in order to avail the settler of these grants to 1st
December, 1850, at his suggestion, and that time :
was fixed with the simple object of providing for \
a company of emigrants from Virginia who were j
now on their way to the territory. i
Mr. SCHENCK said he was aware that the ;
grants were attempted to be hedged around by i
oaths; but our laws required too many officio! i
oaths; we had heretofore had oaths of this kind j
provided in our preemption laws to prevent illegal j
squatting, and they had too frequently proved like J
cobwebs. At any rate, he was not disposed to
multiply provisions of this 'kind, holding out j
temptations to perjury. He feared that if they '
passed a provision of this kind, whereby a laige  
county (and this was large) was held out a num-
ber of years or even of months in advance, they >
would in effect be saying to the speculators and !
capitalists throughout the country, Get together |
from the purlieus of the cities or el-sewhere men i
whose oaths are like dicers' oaths, little to be re- ;
garded; send them out to this territory, and squat 1
them upon the finest lands, and you will thus for ]
a song become the owners of a princely domain, j
The section might not have this effect, he admit-
ted; but he wanted to take away all temptations ;
to doing such a thing—to cut off the possibility of j
it. If bounty land was to be given, let it be i
given to the hardy pioneer, to the men who led ,
the van of immigration and settlement in that '
new country; and let it be confined to them, as a j
compensation for their services and hardships in j
opening up the country to settlement and laid the i
foundation for its becoming a State at no distant j
day. j
Again: in another section a prospective bounty j
was given to those who should become settlers '
after 1850, but it was a bounty of less amount, i
He proposed, therefore, if any bounty was to be
given to subsequent settlers, not to give the largest ;
bounty, to offer a reduced prospective bounty, 1
and thus diminish the temptation to speculators
employing a rabble of loafers to squat upon the !
public lands, and secure the bounty to those !
whose tools they were. He therefore adhered to j
his amendment, and should ask that a vote be !
taken upon it. I
Mr. MARSHALL suggested to Mr. Schenck ^
that if they inserted "July," it would be likely f
to cut off emigrants who were now on their way. }
Mr. SCHENCK said the time could be ex- j
tended then two or three months. I
Mr. EYANS, of Maryland, moved to amend i
the amendment of Mr. Schenck:, by striking out j
"July" and inserting "May." II® did so (he 1
said) for the purpose of giving a history of the |
origin of the provision granting bounties to settlers
in Oregon. It had originated with the Committee
on Public Lands, in the 30th Congress. He was .
a member of that committee; he believed he had j
introduced it there." He wanted to tell the com-
mittee the reason of it. It was not a part of the :
" vote-yourself-a-farm" policy; nor was it the
p!an of scheming politicians who wanted to give
away the public lands for their own personal ag-
grandizement. It was introduced as some com- j
pensation to the hardy pioneer who conquered the ,
territory—not as an inducement to others to go
there, but as a reward to those who had gone and
won for us that priceless jewel. They ought to j
be cautious about going further in giving away the
public lands, until they gave away the whole of
them. There would be a plan brought before
them this session to give them all away: he should
vote against it.
He recurred to the history of the action of
the Committee on Public Lands, in the 30th
Congress, in connection with this subject—giving
the views of certain members of that committee,
especially of the present Postmaster General,
who was then its chairman—a gentleman, he
said, more intimately acquainted with the his-
tory of the public lands and the proper policy re-
specting them than any gentleman whom he (Mr.
E.) had met in Congress. He said, that commit-
tee, after due deliberation, had fixed upon the
bounty and the time within which it was to be
granted—which were adopted in this bill. He
(Mr. E.) had at first been m favor of extending
the time to 1855, but had subsequently become
convinced that to the 1st December, 1850, was
long enough. He considered it important that j
they should adhere to the principle that this land !
should be given as a bounty only to those who j
had gone out and conquered the territory. It was j
now a very easy matter to run across the Isthmus j
of Panama, and thence by sp'endid steamers up j
to Oregon, and get these lands for nothing, (if the
the time of granting the bounties was to be ex-
tended.) Men who went to Oregon in this way,
for purposes of speculation, did not deserve the
bounty. It was the men who, like the honorable
gentleman from Oregon, had gon'fe to the territory j
under circumstances of peculiar difficulty and
hardship; the men who had crossed the continent,
encountered the eternal snows of the Rocky Moun*
tains, suffered everything which men could en-
dure in getting to that .promised land, and who
had won the territory for us, who deserved the
reward; arid not those who, at this late day,
crossed the Isthmus, and sailed comfortably up the
Pacific coast to Oregon, and squatted upon the
fine lands for speculative purposes.
He withdrew his amendment.
Mr. FITCH renewed the motion to amend.
The provision of the bill as it now stands, is to
operate on such as may become residents before
December. He trusted that December would not be
stricken out. The amendment proposed would
exclude from the benefit of the provision all who
are now on their way to form settlements in Ore-
gon, who ought to come under its operation. He
hoped, therefore, that the motion of thegentieman
from Ohio would not be perserved in. He then
withdrew the motion to amend.
Mr. CONRAD renewed the motion to amend.
Hepreferrcd the bill as it now stands, to theamend-
ment of the gentlemam from Ohio. He appre-
hended that the adoption of that amendment would
have the effect of embarrassing titles. Combina-
tions maybe formed, the effect of which would be
to defeat the object of the bill. He took it to be
the objcct of this bill to encourage a speedy settle-
ment of this territory, in order that it may be
placed in a condition to defend itself against the
Indians, and thus enable the Government to protect
the territory at less cost than if it was compelled
to bring troops into the territory for that purpose.
The CHAIR, suggested to thegentieman from
Louisiana, that he was speaking against his own
amendment, and therefore, that his remarks were
out of order.
Mr. CONRAD said, he would merely add, that
the bill requires four years settlement and cultiva-
tion before the persons designated could claim the
benefit of the bill.
The question was then put on the motion to
amend, by striking out the word " December,"
and inserting the word " May," and was decided
in the negative.
The proposition of Mr. Schenck to insert
"July" was also rejected.
Mr. DUNHAM moved an amendment which
he subsequently withdrew.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to amend the
fourth section by striking out in the eleventh line
the word " half," and inserting " quarter;" and in
line twelve by striking out the words " three hun-
dred and twenty," and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "one hundred and sixty;" an(\ by in-
serting in line fifteen the word " half," between
the words " one sectionand by striking out the
words "six hundred and forty," and inserting the
words "three hundred and twenty;" so that the
bounty offered should be one-half of the amount
of that contained in the section as it now stands.
He had no knowledge of the opinion of the
committee on that subject, but there was evidence
enough of a disposition all round to dispose of the
public lands very soon. And if we are to be too
bountiful to those who make the first draft upon
them, the railroad companies and other applicants
who will be pressing on us from every quarter,
will not be able to get all that they want. Oregon
will soon be left without enough lands to sup-
ply her settlers; and the soldiers who are entitled
to their bounty lands will not be able to find lands
to satisfy their warrants. He was satisfied that
we should be liberal enough if we give one-half
what is provided by the bill. This was what he
voted for in committee last session, and which he
was ready to vote for again to-day.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said he was satisfied
that there was no quorum present. He moved
that the committee rise.
The question being put, the motion was nega-
tived.
Tellers being demanded on the motion of Mr.
Cobb to amend, Mr. Mason and Mr. Fowler
were appointed tellers.
The question was decided in the negative before
the noes were counted.
Mr. SACKETT moved to amend the section in
line twenty, by inserting after the word " office"
the following words: " And no interest in the part
so held by the wife in her own right, shall be
liable for, or subject to sale upon the debts of her
husband."
He would make but a momentary explanation.
The half of the land described is by the bill given
to .the wife in her own right. But the effect of
this provision might be practically defeated by a
rule of common law which allows the property
to pass from her, under certain circumstances, at
the death of the husband.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to amend the section in
line twenty-nine, by inserting an amendment pro-
viding that unless a foreigner shall have taken the
final oath, under the naturalization laws, to make
him a citizen, he shall forfeit all claim to the land,
which shall revert to the United States.
The object of this amendment was to prevent
those who did not desire to become naturalized
citizens of the United States, from participation m
the benefit of this law. In his opinion, the public
lands ought not to he given away to aliens.
Mr. SACKETT objected to the amendment,
that its effect would be to cut off nearly all who
have hitherto settled in the territory. If the mover
of the amendment would extend it to one year, it
would be better.
Mr. DUNHAM said, the amendment gave am-
ple time to all those who were now there to be-
come citizens by the time specified. His only
object was to provide for those who had already
settled in the territory. The next section makes
sufficient provision for those who may come there
hereafter. This amendment gives ample time for
those who are now there to avail themselves of
the provisions of the bill, although they may not
do it for two years. While he had every dispo-
sition to extend the most generous treatment to
individuals from all nations, whenever they may
come and present themselves for admission as
naturalized citizens, he would not be willing to
open the door for persons who might come here
for mere speculative objects, to take up a tract of
land, and then put it into the maiket for sale,
without contributing anything towards the culti-
vation and improvement of the territory.
xMr. SACKETT said, the amendment would
cut off a portion of settlers.
Mr. DUNHAM. How?
Mr. SACKETT. Because it would take five
years to come within its provisions.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said, that if the gen-
tleman from Indiana would permit him, he would
suggest a modification which he thought would
fully meet the views of the mover, and would
obviate the objection of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. DUNHAM repeated, that it was not his
object to hold out inducements to such persons as
might hereafter settle in the territory, but to those
who are now there. If they take the first oath, if
they are now in the territory, the five years-would
be running on from the time the bill ie passed.
Mr. MARSHALL rose to suggest a modifica- *
tion.
Mr. DUNHAM expressed a willingness to re-
ceive any suggestion.
Mr. CONRAD asked when the five years were
to commence ?
Mr. DUNHAM replied. From this time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, faaid, that if the gen-
tleman from Indiana would consent to withdraw
his amendment, he would submit one, in the fol-
lowing; words, to come in the twenty-ninth line
after the word "Oiegon,,'/ viz: "but before any
patent^hall issue, the patentee shall become a citi-
zen of the United States." This, he thought,
would effect the object of the mover, and satisfy
those who had doubts as to the operation of his
proposition.
Mr. MARSHALL said, he proposed to offer
an amendment as a modification of the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DUNHAM assented.
