1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
Mr. HARRIS inquired whether it was in order
forthegentleman from Kentucky to offeran amend-
ment while the one he offered was pending?
The CHAIR said he understood the gentleman
from Indiana as accepting the proposition of the
gentleman from Kentucky as a modification of his
amendment.
Mr. MILLER moved that the committee rise,
butT after some hesitation, consented to withdraw
the motion.
Mr. MARSHALL then moved to amend the
section by inserting; the following words; whieh
were accepted by Rlr. Dunham as a modification
of his amendment, to come in the fourth section,
after the word " Oregon:"
" Provided, That no alien shall be entitled to a patent to
land donated by this act, uritiJ he shall produce to the sur-
veyor general of Oregon record evidence thatins naturaliza-
tion as a citizen of the United States hao been completed ;
but if any alien, having made his declaration of intention to
become a citizen of the United States a(ter th i passage of
this- act, shall die before his naturalization shall be com-
pleted, the possessory right acquired by him under the pio-
visions of this act shall descend to hi^ heirs at law, or pass
to his devisees, to whom, as the case may be, the patent
shaJI issue: Provided, nevertheless^ Transfers of title to land
situated in Oregon by an alien or aliens, to each other,
heretofore made, shall be of 110 foiee or effect, except as
herein otherwise provided."
Mr. THURSTON intimated a hope that this
amendment would be adopted.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The next amendment in order, was that reported
by the Committee on the Public Lands, inserting
in the twenty-ninth line of the fourth section the
following ptoviso:
" Provided, however, That this section shall not be so eon-
stiutd as to allow tliogiu^laiming possessory ri ht, under the
treaty with Great BtlWmi, relative to the Oregon Territory,
to claim both under this grant arid ttie treaty, but merely to
secure them the electron, and confine them to a single grant
of land."
'Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
this amendment by striking out the word "posses-
sory," which he regarded as rendered unnecessary
by the language of the next section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment before the last was agreed
to. He desired to point out the mischievous char-
acter of that amendment, as it prevented all who
had not perfected their naturalization papers from
holding their lands.
Mr. MARSHALL inquired if his amendment
had not been adopted? '
The CHAIR decided the motion to reconsider
out of order at this time.
Mr. POTTER remarked, that if the bill thus
amended went to the House, and the previous
question should arrest any amendment there, the
effect would be, that a number of the present set-
tlers would be defrauded of their lands. He would,
therefore, if the motion to reconsider was out of
order, move to strike out the whole of the fourth
section
The CHAIR stated that this motion could not
be made while a motion to amend the section was
under consideration, as the friends of the bill had
the right to make it as perfect as possible.
Mr. POTTER inquired if there was any motion
to amend pending?
The CHAIR replied that the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands was
under consideration.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the amendment
of the committee in line twenty-nine by inserting
immediately proceeding it, the following words:
"Provided, further, That in all cases provided for in this sec-
tion, the donation shall lie confined to and embrace the land
actually occupied and cultivated."
On looking carefully into this section, he had
some doubts whether it ought to be amended as
proposed. At all events it required to be carefully
guarded. Donations ought in his opinion to be
confined to lands which wereactually settled. And
in order that there should be no doubt on this point,
he had offered this amendment.
Mr. CONRAD thought the phraseology of the
amendment was somewhat imperfect, and did not
exactly carry out the views of the mover.
Mr. VINTON explained that his object was
that all the donations to be made shall be on
lands actually settled, so that no land should be
granted away which is already occupied, where
there is a settlement.
After some consultation, Mr. Vinton adopted
the modification suggested by the gentleman from
Louisiana, and it was read, as follows:
ct Provided, further, That in all cases provided for in this
section the donation shall embrace the land actually occu-
pied and cultivated by the settler thereon."
Mr. SACKETT suggested a further alteration.
Mr. VINTON declined to make any other
change.
Mr. STANLY moved that the committee rise,
but withdrew the motion at the suggestion of
Mr. THURSTON, who stated that if the bill
did not pass to-day, he was assured on high au-
thority that it would lose its place on the calendar.
In that case the people of Oregon would find them-
selves disappointed in their expectations as to the
relief which Congress was disposed to give them.
The question was then put on the amendment
offered by Mr. Vinton, and it was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out in the
twenty-ninth line of the fourth section the word
"however" after the word "provided," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the word " also"—which was
agreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to amend the section
by inserting a provision to prohibit any person
from perpetrating a fraud on the Government, by
the employment of agents to purchase lands which
might be afterwards held by others than those le-
gally entitled to them. It was read, as follows:
"Provided, further, That all contracts by any person or
persons entitled to tire benefit of this act, for the sale of the
land to which he or they may he entitled under this act, he-
fore he or they have received a patent therefor, shall be
void."
Mr. THURSTON said that ten was already
guarded against by thermovisions of the bill.
The motion to amend was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of-Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise and report the bill.
The motion was decided in the negative.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Public Lands was then agreed to.
Mr. POTTER moved to strike out the whole of
the fourth section. An amendment had been incorpo-
rated m this section, providing that no person shall
secure a deed for any tract of land until he shall
have become a naturalized citizen of the United
States. Now every one who is acquainted with
the extent and character of the Oregon Territory,
must be able to comprehend the difficulty of travel-
ing hundreds of miles, over rough, mountainous,
and uninhabited wilds, with two witnesses, in
order to prove before some court that he has re-
sided in the Territory for the required term of five
years, and is entitled to the benefit of this bill.
He thought it ought to be considered by the native
Americans as going quite far enough, when the
bill insists that each person shall have filed a dec-
laration of his intention to become a citizen before
he could obtain his land. There were probably
not more than two courts in the whole of this ex-
tensive territory.
Mr. THURSTON said there were two courts
in the Territory, and each of these held two terms
a year.
Mr. POTTER resumed. There then was a
territory extending back, as we had been informed
by the Delegate from Oregon, about a thousand
miles, and it has ten courts for its law business.
It would take no inconsiderable time over such a
country to traverse the intervals which lie between
these remote courts. He condemned the principle
which denied a man the right to hold property be-
fore he becomes a naturalized citizen. It was a
principle whieh was altogether abandoned in the
western States of the Union, and had become
obsolete in New York and others of the Atlantic
States. When an individual has put in a declara-
tion of his intention to become a citizen, he is
invested with th© right to buy and hold property.
And this ought to be enough to satisfy Oregon.
There are the Hungarian refugees, who will prob-
ably soon come here for a grant of the public
lands, and he had no doubt that there would be
found philanthropy enough in this House to give
them what they ask, without exacting even this
declaration from them. Other foreigners there are
also who have good claims to be regarded as com-
petent and worthy to receive the same privilege.
He hoped, therefore, that no such odious proposi-
tion would be incorporated in the bill. If it should
remain there, he would vote against the bill.
He withdrew his motion.
Mr. CROWELL said he would renew the
motion, for the purpose of saying a few words in
reply to his colleague. It appeared to him that
there was sufficient reason for the insertion of the
provision.
The CHAIR considered that, as the gentleman
was about to speak in opposition to his own
motion, his remarks were out of order.
Mr. CROWELL said he would then content
himself with withdrawing the motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked that the section
should be reported.
The section was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. BOWLIN, with a view to save time, moved
to strike out all the proviso. He could not com-
prehend any sufficient reason for the exclusion of
all foreigners from the benefit of this bill. By
retaining this proviso, we shall destroy the whole
chain of titles of almost all the present occupants
of the territory, who were all foreigners a short
time ago.
Mr. MARSHALL said that that was precisely
the object he had in view in desiring the transfer
of titles. As he understood it, the Hudson's Bay
company, after acquiring by treaty possessory
rights, settled their servants and members on the
lands with an understanding that we would grant
them preemption rights; and they entered on these
lands with that understanding.
Mr. BOWLIN resumed. The Committee on
Public Lands had .made abundant provision in
their, amendment. They provided that no one
should have a double claim—both under the bill
and under the Oregon treaty. How many are
there, he asked, of those who have been for thelast
twenty years occupants of the territory, who were
native Americans ? They were composed of all
nations, and all the titles by which they held their
lands would be thrown into confusion by the prop-
ositions ingrafted on this bill. He hoped that the
proviso, as it now stood, would be stricken out,
and hereafter he would endeavor to get the pro-
viso, as it was reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, restored to the bill.
He withdrew his motion.
Mr. FOWLER moved that the committee rise,'
but the motion was decided in the negative.
Mr. SACKETT rose to renew the motion to
strike out.
Mr. CLINGMAN asked what wag the ques-
tion ?
The CHAIR. To strike out the provisos after
line twenty-ninth of the fourth section.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What was the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio?
The CHAIR. The motion of the gentleman
from Ohio was to strike out the whole section.
Mr. CLINGMAN submitted that it was not in
order to move to strike out a part when there was
a motion to strike out the whole section.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. SACKETT (speaking on a pro forma
amendment) said he hau been all along a friend to
this bill; he was in favor of granting the public
land liberally to the hardy pioneers of our western
border; but two provisions had been ingrafted
upon this section, that would, if persisted in, pre-
vent his support of the bill. He should never
vote for a bill that contained the odious feature
this now contained of discrimination as to color.
He would never sanction a principle that the
bounties of the Government should be dealt out
to a favored class. Let all be served alike, both
white and black. There was no distinction in
reason or in justice. The portion of the American
people of a darker skin than our own, if they suf-
fered the toils, the hardships, the privations of a
life in the wilderness—if.tjiey cultivated the lands
of Oregon, were as well entitled to the beneficent
provisions of our laws as any other class. Par
from me, sir, to seek to build up castes and
ranks, one over another, or set one class above
another, by any vote of mine in a law of this
land. We have no right to make this distinc-
tion, and if it is made in this bill, I shall do what
I can to defeat the whole measure. This example
in our early legislation for our western frontier is
potential of much evil; and I for one protest against
it at the very threshold.
The other oifensive provision is nothing more
nor less than Native-Americanism in disguise.
Cover it up as you will, it is intended to prevent
foreigners from securing the benefits of this law,
notwithstanding they may have complied
every provision of it, been inhabitants of the
country, occupied and cultivated the land the same
