1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
as a native-bora citizen. Sir, this is a kind of
legislation I shall never uphold or vote for. When
the Congress of this country turns a Native-Amer-
ican assembly, to deal out partial legislation only
to native-born citizens, by such injustice as is con-
tained in this section, it is time we began to look
to our condition. We are inviting the oppressed
of other lands to our shores, to people our coun-
try, and then propose to cut them off from equal
rights and privileges. Sir, the place of birth has
little to do with the merits of the settlers of this
far-off country; and I, for one, will never bring in
question the place of the nativity of those who clear
away the forests, build the first cabins, and
form the first border-settlements of the West.
There is no streak of Native-Americanism in me.
I am for equal privileges to all; and if they cannot
be secured in this bill, I hope it will be defeated.
The question was then put on the motion of Mr.
Bowlin, to strike out all the provisos to the fourth
section; and it was determined in the negative—
ayes 37, noes 89.
Mr. WINTHROP asked the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to make a suggestion.
No objection being made.
Mr. W. proceeded. It wasquite obvious (hesaid)
that a bill of this importance and of these detailed
provisions in regard to the Oregon terrritory could
not be finally acted upon t®-day, by the usual hour
of adjournment. There was hardly a quorum
present; it was growing very dark in the Hall un-
der the influence of an approaching storm; there
was, he believed, a general willingness on his side
of the House, and he hoped there would be on the
other side, that the committee should rise, with
the general understanding that this bill should be
allowed to retain its place as a special order next
week.
There were general manifestations of assent and
a few of dissent.
Mr. MARSHALL said he was willing to agree
to the arrangement proposed after the committee
should have taken the vote upon the pending ques-
tion.
Mr. BOWLIN suggested to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] that the under-
standing be, that the bill should be made the
special order after the debate on the California
message was terminated and that question was
disposed of.
Mr. WINTHROP stated that the honorable
member from Oregon assented to the idea, that
they should rise and report the bill to the House,
with a recommendation that it be made the special
order next after the California question should
have been disposed of. For himself (Mr. W.) he
had no objection to this course being taken.
Cries of " Agreed."
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, suggested to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that the debate on
the California bill, according to his recollection,
was to terminate on the second Tuesday in June,
and that the bounty land bill had been made the
special order for the third Tuesday in June; he
was fearful if this Oregon bill were made the spe-
cial order immediately after the disposition of the
California question, it might interfere with the
bounty land bill.
The CHAIRMAN, announced the question on
the motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Winthrop,] that the committee rise.
No objection being made—
The question was taken, and decidcd in the af-
firmative.
The committee accordingly rose.
Mr. STRONG (their chairman) reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the state of the Union, generally,
under consideration, and particularly the bill " to
create thf office of surveyor general of the public
lands in Oregon," &c., and had come to no con-
clusion, except an understanding that it be recom-
mended to the House to make the said bill the
special order of the day immediately succeeding
tile final disposition of the question growing out
of the message of the President of the United Stales
transmuting the constitution of California.
Mr. JONES inquired if the Chairman was en-
tirely correct in the report he had just made > His
(Mr. J. 's) understanding was, that the commit-
tee, by general consent, had agreed to rise and re-
port the bill with the recommendation that it be
made tne special order next after the California
question was disposed of.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr Strong.) The Chair
would inquire of the Chairman whether he report-
ed the bill to the House ?
Mr. STRONG said he had been instructed by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to report nothing, and he had reported noth-
ing to the House. It might be proper for him to
state, and he had stated, that there was a motion
made m committee, that the committee rise and
report a resolution making the bill they had had
under cousideration relative to Oregon the special
order immediately after the President's message
transmitting the constitution of California should
be disposed of. The Chair, however, had only pro-
pounded to the committee that which he believed
alone to be within its province, viz: the motion
that the committee rise. That was all the action
that had been taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chairman reports, then,
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union have had the state of the Union gener-
ally under consideration and particularly the bill
No. 250, and have come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STRONG moved that the bill which the
committee had had under consideration (No. 250)
be made the special order immediately after the
conclusion of the special order in regard to the
President's message transmitting the constitution
of California.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that message is not
a special order. That question has priority in
committee, but it has never been made a special
order by resolution of the House.
Mr. STRONG. I move, then, that the bill I
have referred to, relative to Oregon Territory, be
made the special order immediately after the Pres-
ident's message transmitting the constitution of
California, and all incidental questions, shall have
been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be en-
tertained by unanimous consent.
Objections were made.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a question of order.
He wished to ask the Chair what was the condi-
tion of this bill, (relative to surveys, &c., in Ore-
gon)—whether the fact that it was now the latest
unfinished business on the calendar did not leave
it the first business in order whenever the House
should again resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, unless there were
special orders that took precedence ? If the House
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, whether itshould be on Monday, Tues-
day, or Wednesday, he understood that this bill
would be the first business in order, (being the
unfinished business,) unless a special order was
expressly assigned for that particular day, which
would override it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that
the President's message transmitting the con-
stitution of California, is not the special order, but
has priority in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and would have had on yester-
day and to-day but for the fact that the House had
set apart these two days for the special considera-
tion of the territorial business. These special orders
having expired, in the opinion of the Chair, the
President's message transmitting the constitution
of California resumes its position in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and is en-
titled to consideration previously to this bill rela-
tive to Oregon, or any other bill, unless it is made
a special order for that particular day, or from day
to day until disposed of.
Mr. WINTHROP. I beg to suggest whether
the latest unfinished business does not take prece-
dence?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have no
hesitation in answering the question of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts affirmatively, but for the
fact that this business becomes unfinished business
by having been made a special order. This special
order having expired, it loses its priority.
Mr. WINTHROP. It ceases to be a special
order, though I confcss I do not see that it loses
priority; however, I am not disposed to press the
point at present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
properly it is not a point of order for the Chair
to consider; but that it would be a question for the
committee to decide.
Mr. DUER. I wish to inquire of the Chair, if
a majority of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union refuse to take up the California
message, whether they may not take up this bill?
The SPEAKER. It would be improper for the
Chair to decide points of this character, because
they are legitimately questions for the decision of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The Chair has no hesitation, however,
in expressing his opinion, that the California
message, being the first business in committee,
would have to be announced as the first business in
order; if the gentleman entitled to the floor upon
that message should move to pass it by, or yield
to allow such a motion to be made, anil it should
be agreed to, other business would come up in
the order prescribed by the rules.
Mr. THURSTON. Do I understand the Chair
to say that a majority of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union may take up
the unfinished business in regard to Oregon when
the House again goes into committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to be un-
derstood. When the House again goes into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, in
the opinion of the Chair the first business in order,
unless some special order intervene, (and the Chair
knows of none at this time,) will be the California
message; if the mem ber entitled to the floor on that
question, should submit a motion to lay that bill
aside and proceed to the consideration of other
business, a majority of the committee could con-
trol the order of their business to the extent of lay-
ing aside that bill, when other business before the
committee would have to be taken up in the order
prescribed by the rules of the House.
Mr. STRONG. I move, then, in obedience to
what was, so far as I knowJAe entire, uniform
understanding of the committee, that this bill be
made the special order for the day immediately
succeeding that upon which the President's mes-
sage shall have been disposed of.
Mr. PRESTON KING, (to Mr. Stronc.) Af-
ter the message and incidental questions shall have
been disposed of?
Mr. STRONG. Yes; and that the special order
continue from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I suppose that the
intention of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is,
to make this bill the special order after the Cali-
fornia bill shall have been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Pennsylvania as offering a motion
that the bill which the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union have had under consid-
eration to-day, be made the special order for the
day after, (turning to Mr. Strong)—Does the
gentleman name a day ?
Mr. STRONG. Say the 12th of June.
Mr. PRESTON KING. 1 rise to a question of
order. I wish to know whether, if this bill be
made the special order for that day, (12th June,)
it would not take precedence of the California
message, if that message and the questions grow-
ong out of it should at that time be undisposed of?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I object to its being
made a special order for a particular day, then.
Mr. STRONG said he would modify the mo-
tion, then, and move to make the bill the special
order for the day immediately succeeding that
upon which the House should have made a final
disposition of the President's message transmitting
the constitution of California, and that it continue
the special order, from day to day, until disposed
of.
Mr. GIDDING3. I object to the motion as
being out of order at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated, that
the motion could only be entertained by unani-
mous consent.
The motion of Mr. Strong, to make the bill a
special order, was not, therefore, entertained.
THE RECESS, AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to a privileged question.
He understood that the House had this morning
adopted a resolution, that when they adjourned
to-day, itshould be to meet at eight o'clock to-
morrow morning for the purpose of then adjourn-
ing over two or three days to allow the proper
officers to make summer arrangements in the Hall.
He did not understand that a motion had been
made to reconsider that vote. He now submitted
that motion for this reason: That it had not been
