1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1009
again. It is to establish a mint at San Francisco,
and, as soon as the building and machinery are
ready, that the President shall appoint officers, an
assayer among others. But, then, there is a sec-
tion afterwards—the 10th section—which provides
(supposing that it will take two years to get the
mint ready) that the assayer shall be appointed
immediately, and shall open an assay office in San
Francisco, which will be a part of the mint, and
will be absorbed into it whenever it goes into op-
eration.
Mr. CLAY. Then the proposition pending is
the same as the amendment originally introduced
by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BENTON. Exactly.
Mr. CLAY. Then I understand it. I have
rison merely to express the hope, that we shall
come to a vote on this subject as soon as we can.
With regard to the mints proposed to be estab-
lished, I do not mean to go into any argument as
to their propriety or desirableness. Before 1 left
home,and whilein conversation with distinguished
men, I came to the conclusion—which has been
strengthened rather than weakened by subse-
quent events—that a mint at San Francisco was
necef-saiy, was highly proper, and should be
established without any delay. That is still my
opinion.
Now, with respect to the other mint, proposed
to be established at New York, I am also satisfied
that it ought to be established. When I was last
in New York I went to the Sub-Treasury office
and saw the amount of gold there, and I talked
with merchants and men of most intelligence, on
this subject; and I think it is necessary. But
while I say this, I would say that there are two
mints m existence that ought not to be'in exist-
ence. One of them is in North Carolina and
the other in Georgia. I shall make no proposition
to discontinue them. But I shall go for the New
York mint, and for the San Francisco mint. I
think that both are necessaiy, and I have merely
risen to express that opinion.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand that the ob-
ject of the amendment is to strike out the provis-
ion for the establishment of a mint at New York,
and insert one for a mint at San Francisco?
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am quite as
anxious as the honorable Senator from Kentucky
that the question should be taken on the subject.
But, nevertheless, I will take the liberty of stating,
very briefly, the reasons why 1 shall vote for the
amendment; and why, unless it is disconnected
from the establishment of a mint at New York, 1
shall feel myself compelled to vote against the
whole bill.
It was remarked, the other day, by my fiiend
from New York [Mr. Dickixson] that it was a
little remarkable that the .strongest opposition to
the establishment of a branch mint at New York
proceeded from those gentlemen who had mints
in their own neighborhoods. Now, if my honor-
able friend had only considered for a moment, I
think he would have seen that the answer to that
was, that it was very remarkable that the most
strenuous advocates of the bianch mint in New
York should be Senators and Representatives from
JSew York. The circumstance of opposition to
the establishment of the proposed branch mint
coming from gentlemen who lived in the neighbor-
hood of other mints, is a mere accident. But so
it cannot be with regard to the circumstance of
the strength of the advocacy of the proposed mint,
coming from the quarter from which it does.
With legard to the mint in North Carolina—
and t would extend the same remark to the mint
in Georgia, if my friends representing that State
will not consider it in some degree unkind—I
would say that 1 look upon them both as being
very unnecessary paits of the minting establish-
ment of the United Slates. They were, however,
once established, upon some probability, some
plausible ground, of public propriety and neces-
sity. They were established for the purpose of
bringing into the neighborhood of the mines of
those States the means of converting the products
of those mines into the gold coin of the country.
At the time they were established, the gold there
produced could not be transported to the mint at
Philadelphia, on account of the great inconve-
nience of transportation of the country, without
much loss of time and much expense.
On the one hand, Mr. President, after all that
has been said, there has not been any reason
assigned why any mint should be established in
the city of New York. We are not now engaged
in establishing a principal mint for the United
States, and selecting a site at which that mint
should be established. We have a mint. We
have a mint within five hours of the place at which
it is now proposed to establish a mint. We have
a mint perfectly competent to coin all the bullion
and all the foreign coin that will seek recoinage.
And no reason that I have yet heard assigned has
the smallest tendency to convince me that any
necessity requires the establishment of a mint in
the city ofNew York. Who will it benefit ? Not
the country at large. What amount of money
will it save to anybody? The sum is exceedingly
inconsiderable, and the probability is that the in-
terest upon the annual outlay in maintaining that
mint, after it is erected, would defray all the ex-
penses of transporting the foreign coin and bullion
from New York to Philadelphia for recoinage, and
returning it to the city of New York, paying in-
surance upon its transportation and safe return.
Now, for what purpose is it established? For
what object is this public money to belaid out?
What public reason is there for it? I have been
utterly unable to see any. And on this subject I
concur entirely with the views expressed the other
day by my honorable friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce.]
On the other hand, there seems to me to be very
strong reasons why there should be a branch of
the mint of the United States established in Cali-
fornia. I shall not enter into these reasons. They
are apparent. And although at first I was satis-
fied, from the explanation given by the Senator
from Mississippi the other day, that the assay
offices proposed might be sufficient for the present,
I am now entirely satisfied that these assay offices
will not answer the objects in view; and that,
therefore, it is important to the United States, im-
portant to the whole country, and beneficial to the
whole country, that a mint should be established
there. I have heretofore expressed my views,
and I will not now trouble the Senate with a repe-
tition of them, against the expenditure of this
money at New York.
As to the branch mints spoken of in North
Carolina and Georgia, at least with regard to the
one in my own State, I would say that 1 believe
it has, to a great extent, turned out to be a hum-
bug establishment, without any such necessity,
and without producing any such convenience as
was supposed would follow from the establishment
of a mint there But it has this advantage: it
has cost very little money, it costs a very small
annual expenditure, and it distributes a "little of
the public money of the country in a part of the
country where but very little has ever been ex-
pended.
It is now proposed to appropriate some half a
million of dollars, and to subject the Treasury to a
yearly annuity of sixty or seventy thousand dol-
lars, for the purpose of establishing a branch mint
in the great commercial emporium of the United
States. And, sir, what strikes me as an additional
and overpowering objection to this measure, is,
that the real and ultimate effect of this establish-
ment will be not merely to add a branch to the
mint system of the United States, but to transfer
the principal mint from Philadelphia to New
York. It cannot be believed that, after such a
mint shall have been established and in operation
in New York, the people of this country are
goinsr to maintain two great establishments in
suchlmmediate proximity to each other, when it
must be obvious to the whole country that one or
the other is entirely unnecessary.
Now, for one, I am not disposed to take from
the ancient city of Philadelphia, dear to the Amer-
ican people by so many revolutionary associations,
this establishment, and transfer it to the city of
New York, which has so far outstripped her in
commercial prosperity and wealth, and which
must, in the nature of things, make her advance
above Philadelphia gieater and greater in the prog-
ress of time. I ara noi for stripping Philadelphia
of what was once given to her, and which she has
so well used, merely for the purpose of adding
every species of incidental advantage to the im-
mense, overpowering, and vast prosperity which
centres in New York. 1*envy not the city of New
York hof greatness. What she has, she has ob-
tained partly by natural causes, and partly by her
enterprise. She is entitled to it all. But there is
no reason in the world why the Government
should step in and lend its assistance to promote
New York at the expense of Philadelphia. And
I would much rather vote for a bill to abolish
every branch mint in the United States than to
vote for a bill to establish a branch mint in the
city of New York, the necessary and inevitable
consequence of which, in my judgment, will be to
destroy the mint at Philadelphia, and, so far as
depends upon this Government, to lend its aid in
assisting her more successful competitor in outstrip-
ping her. These are my views. I shall therefo/e ■
vote for this amendment, and then against the
whole bill.
Mr. DICKINSON. This is a great public
question. It was discussed years ago. The
Senate have repeatedly passed judgment upon it;
and I have not risen to protract this debate. It
is time to vote. And now I beg the friends of
the bill and its opponents to cease talking, and to
take the sense of the Senate on this subject by a
vote.
Mr. STUBCfEON. Mr. President, I am sorry
that I am not able to vote for the amendment
proposed by my friend from Maine to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi. I am dis-
posed to afford every facility to California consist-
ent with what I consider to be my duty. I am
disposed to vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi, which proposes the establish-
ment merely of assay offices there, in preference
to the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
which proposes the establishment of a mint in
California. 1 .do not think that a mint is abso-
lutely necessary there at this time.
Mr. President, in relation to this branch mint
at New York, I must say that I feel constrained
to oppose it. I shair send a letter to the Secre-
tary's table to be read, by which it will be shown
that the disadvantages under which the merchants
of New York now labor, or pretend to labor,
are entirely removed. I do not myself see the
necessity of sending all the foreign coin that
comes to the city of New York, to the city of
Philadelphia for the purpose of feeing coined. The
stamping of the American eagle on gold or silver,
or stamping the name or denomination of the coin
on it, will not Keep it in our own counfry or send
it to Europe. It will go out or remain in the
country, just as the necessities of commerce de-
mand. Hence there is no necessity for recoin-
age in all cases.
Sir, the principal difficulty under which the
merchants of New York appear to labor, is the
distance, the delay, and inconvenience of getting
gold coined or recoined at Philadelphia, and get-
ting it sent back toSew York. It has been said
that, in point of time, five hours only is the dis-
tance between New York and Philadelphia. The
New York merchants have now nothing to do but
deposit their gold in the Subtreasury at New York,
and send a certificate of the amount to Philadel-
phia; and, under the recent legislation of Congress,
the treasurer of the mint at Philadelphia, to mee't
such deposits, can send a check on to New York
for the amount. Hence the merchants of New
York have no longer to wait until the foreign coin
or bullion can be coined or recoined. This may
not perhaps apply to the gold dust which may be
brought into the country. But, as I said before, it
will only take five hours to carry it to Philadel-
phia. It may, perhaps, be there detained for a
day or two, m order to assay and fix its vaiue,
and stamp that value upon it. And then all that
the New York merchant has to do, is to receive
his certificate from Philadelphia—for it is not
necessary to send the coin back to New York—
and draw the money from the Subtreasury at
New York. Thus, the delay which has been com-
plained of, is avoided. The same time which is
necessary to assay the gold dust in Philadelphia,
would be necessarily consumed in New York; so
that the only difference would be the time required
to send the certificate to New York—five hours.
Mr. President, I will close these observations
by the reading of the letter of Mr. Snowden,
treasurer of the mint at Philadelphia, showing
the ability of the mint to meet all demands upon
its capacity, and explaining the effect of the re-
cent legislation of Congress. I will not add any-
thing to his letter. I now send it to the desk to
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
