1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Well, sir, they sometimes are subject to a loss of
|50,000 a year. And how? By transmitting their
bullion and their foreign coin from New Yoik to
Philadelphia, and their American coin back again
to New York. And what does the Senator want?
What does he ask us to do ? He wants us to save
this amount to the merchants of New York. And
at whose expense does he want us to save it and
to what amount? Why, sir, |50,000 are t'o be
saved to merchants of New York, and you are to
tax the whole people of the United States to an
enormous amount to effect this saving. Now, look
at the proposition, and when you look at it, can
you wonder that the Senator from New York does
not desire the question to be investigated and dis-
cussed. And in addition, what are you to do more?
Why, sir, you are to invest $500,000 in a suitable
building for the purpose, and the interest on that !
s,.x, Pef cetlt- will be $30,000 more, thus taxing
the laboring classes of the country annually to the
amount of $100,000, in order to save, not $50,000
annually, but $5,000 annually—and save it to
whom? Not the whole people of the United States,
but the merchants of the city of New York. And
these are the grounds on which you are asked to
establish this mint. Sir, no other country on the
face of the earth has the number of mints that we
already have, and yet we are asked to establish
more.
But, Mr. President, there is another idea about
this. Here is the question; and I say when we
are going to do a thing let us do it fairly; let us
come boldly to it. The question is this—and it is
the only question—-whether it is prudent or expe-
dient to remove the mint from the city of Philadel-
phia to that of New York? Now, let the bill be
brought in m that way; let it be " A bill to trans-
fer the mint of the United States from the city of
Philadelphia to the city of New York," and then
i will consider it. How would such a bill as that
operate? If you pass it, as a matter of course all
the machinery now in use in the mint in Philadel-
phia would be transferred from thence to the new
mint to be established in New York. You would
self the public building used in Philadelphia for
that purpose, and in that way comparatively little
expense would be incurred. I cannot, however,
appropriating the sum
of §5u0,u0u, and then making an additional annual
appropriation of $100,000, merely for the purpose
of saving to the merchants of the city of New
York the small amount supposed to be lost in the
transportation of the bullion and the coin between
New York and Philadelphia. I know that the
commerce of Isew York is great; 1 know it is
very natural that the merchants of New York, and
those gentlemen more particularly representing
their interests here, should desire the establish-
ment of a mint there; and yet they know well that
the very mint they would establish in that city is
nte-i the United States which is now at
Philadelphia. Well, when they wish to remove
that mint, let them come to the question fairly and
say out boldly that New York is the proper place for
u, and that the Government ought to establish it
there. But it should not be asked to be done, Mr.
President, on the pretext of saving a small sum to
the New York merchants, and by which you are
to inflict a large amount of additional taxation upon
the people. And, sir, I would ask, is the
city or New York alone to be considered in this
matter? Suppose the people of Boston were to
ask for the establishment of a branch mint in that
city. If the city of New York is entitled to a
brancn mint, why is not the city of Boston? It
certainly costs Boston something to transport her
bullion and foreign coin to Philadelphia for re-
coinage; and, as the distance is considerably greater,
the amount of cost must be greater in proportion.
The same rule, therefore, if these arguments are
to prevail, which would authorize the establish-
ment of a mint in the city of New York, would
authorize the establishment of one at Boston; and
the same rule would apply to the city of Charles-
ton. And are we to tax the country in this large
annual amount for the benefit of a few mercantile
individuals in these cities ? Mr. President, I thought
we were reaching a day of reform and retrench-
ment and carefulness of the public expenditure.
But, instead of that, here we are proposing to ex-
pend what would be equivalent to a million of
dollars, and for what purpose? W^hat can we
subserve by it? The saving of from five to fifty
thousand dollars annually to the city of New York.
1101
And can we do it? Will we do it ? As a Repre-
sentative of the State from which 1 come, and
having a regard for my constituents, dare I do it?
Upon what principle can I do it ? Upon no prin-
ciple of fairness or justice whatever. I would be
acting in direct contravention of the deliberate dic-
tates of my own judgment were I to do it. In my
individual capacity I should be glad tp see the
smiling faces of the intelligent and enterprising
merchants of New York, and to do anything in my
power to subserve their interests. But while, in
my individual capacity, I might do these clever
things, in my representative chararcter I have no
such authority.
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) Now move the spe-
cial order of the day.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator from Kentucky
begs that I will now call for the special order, and
I move that we now proceed to it.
Mr. DICKINSON. If my friend from Ken-
tucky will allow me a few words I think we can
soon come to a vote.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, but I had not finished
my remarks, and the time for taking up the special
order has passed. However, I give way.
Mr. PEARCE. I have a few words to say on
this bill, and I would suggest to the Senator from
New York [Mr. Dickinson] whether it would not
be better to postpone the further consideration of
the bill till to-morrow ?
Mr. DICKINSON. I have but a few words to
say, and I would rather say them now. I do not
think that _the honorable Senator from Georgia
displayed his usual courtesy when he much more
than insinuated that there was a disposition to
shrink from discussion here, and to obtain the pas-
sage of this bill unfairly . Sir, I never shrink from
"discussion or responsibility in anything that per-
tains to me; and I can tell that Senator, and every
other Senator, that I am ready to meet him and
every other Senator in the discussion of this bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I know your ability to man-
age discussion; but I relied upon your sagacity to
avoid it. [A laugh.]
Mr. DICKINSON. Very true; I wished to
avoid it, but it seems I cannot. Sir, this question
has not only been urged upon the consideration of
the country by the Executive Department year
after year, but the bill this year was introduced
among the first of the session, from a responsible
committee, and its consideration was asked for
and had, a few days ago; and whathave we heard
to-day? Why, after a full debate, the other day,
in which statistics on both sides of the question
were ably entered into, the only thing which we
hear to-day is the argument which was made the
other day, with these same statistics repeated by
my friends around me, and we are told that we
fear discussion. Sir, whence does this challenge
come? Whence does this opposition come? It
comes first from my friend from North Carolina, a
State in which there is a branch mint; and from the
last returns of the mintthere, it appears that it cost
the country seventy-two dollars and eighty cents
to coin a hundred pieces, [laughter;] and, in the
second place^ it comes from my friend from
Georgia; and the last returns from the mint in
that State show that it cost the country sixty-
seven dollars and four cents to coin a hundred
pieces of money, [renewed laughter.] And
yet, after this, they are alarmed at this little ex-
pense to the country, requisite for the construc-
tion and management of a branch mint in New
York. I have no doubt, that in their individual
capacity, they would be generous to us all. As
representatives, however, living in the vicinity of
these mints, they cannot support the establishment
of abranch mint in the city of New York, although
at that port more than two-thirds of the whole
revenues of the United States are collected. Sir,
what a monstrous mistake in legislation is this,
to pay seventy-two dollars for coining a hundred
pieces! This is not a question, as has been stated,
for the mere benefit of a few New York mer-
chants; and if it were, I would ask, are they men
who are placed beyond the pale of civilization and
right ? Sir, such arguments as we have heard to-
I day in reference to the New York merchants,
| ought to be made upon the stump, and not in the
' Senate of the United States. They ask to have
i the rights that belong to them, and nothing more.
But, sir, it has been attempted to array popular
prejudice against them as a class of men, by de-
nominating them " merchant princes." I would
ask, is that the way to convince the understanding
of the Senate of the United States ? So far from avoid-
ing discussion, I will invite it, and I will invite it
from this moment to the end of the session, even if
it should last as long as our long sessions usually5
do. I must say, however, that I desire action on this
bill. I know how this bill was defeated once be-
fore, by refusing it the common courtesy of having
it read more than once on the same day. Sir, that
was once the action of this body on this bill; but
I do not intend that it shall be defeated ,in that
manner again, if 1 can prevent it. If a majority of
the Senate is against the establishment of a branch
mint at New York, all I ask is, that they shotild
express their opinion on the matter. But, sir, that
opinion is not to be affected by mere declamation.
Sir, the other day, in the remarks which I made,
I placed this question on the highest ground. I
stated that it was a question for the whole Union;
and was I not fortified in that statement by the
able message of the President of the United States,
and the more detailed message of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in which he said that it was a ques-
tion for the whole Union ? I placed it on no local
ground. My notions are as broad as the United
States themselves in regard to these public ques-
tions.
Sir, we were told that the mint at Philadelphia
possessed ample capacity to perform all that a
mint was required to perform in the United States.
Was not that question fully discussed the other
day ? What new idea, or even new words, have
been given us to-day in regard to this question ?
Why, sir, not only has there been no new idea on
the matter, but even the old words have been
adopted, fa lau h,] only with a little more assu-
rance. Yes, sir, the old words have been given
us. Now, sir, let me say that, while much has
been said about the capacity of the mint at Phila-
delphia to do all that is required of it, it would
appear, also, that the mint at Charlotte and that
at Dahlonega could do so likewise, for at the one
it costs seventy-two dollars to make a hundred
pieces, and at the other sixty-seven dollars for the
same work. They would, no doubt, have stil!
more capacity to do the work, because they are
further from the centre of business. Sir, this
proposition is not one of merely local interest; it
is one which is to benefit the people of the United
States. It is asked "for what benefit? It gives
them a solid currency. The Philadelphia mint
has coined $11,000,000 recently. Certainly she
has worked wonders; but I aver that in all her
coinage for the assistant treasury at New York
the average time has been forty, and, when she
has been hard pressed, even sixty days before the
money could be returned. What merchants, then,
whether they are " princes" or not, could lie out
of their money for that length of time without
being subject to a great inconvenience ? Sir, it
was only the other morning that I saw a notice
intimating that the treasurer of the mint of the
United States in paying ofF a million and a half of
dollars would go to the city of New York for that
purpose. And for what reason ? He goes to New'
York for the purpose of saving the expense and
delay of transporting the money from the city of
New York to Philadelphia and back again. Now,
if there be no expense and delay attending the
operations of the mint at Philpdelphia, why does
this gentleman leave that quiet place and go to the
city of New York for the purpose of paying the
money ? My argument the other day was, that
in the natural order of things this money would
not be carried back and forth from New York to
Philadelphia, unless it was done by iron-handed
necessity, and that argument has not yet been
answered. I have said before, and I say again,
that the proposition contained in this bill is one
essentially designed for the accommodation of the
people of the United States. You can no more
circulate foreign coin among the masses of the
people than you can circulate a foreign spelling
book among them by which to teach their children
the English language, or a testament in the Greek
or Hebrew language by which to teach them to
read. They will have their money in something
they understand; and if the foreign coin which
comes into the country is not recomed, it will not
go into circulation among the masses, but it will
remain in our importing cities and in the banks,
and the money of the millions of working men
will be paper; whereas, by recoining all this for-
eign gold, you would establish the currency of the
