1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James Gr. King*
John A. King, Levin, Horace Manu, Marshall, Matteson,
McGaughey, McKissoek, Finis E. McLean, Meacham,
Moore, Morehead, Nelson, Nes, Newell, Ogle, Oris, Out-
law, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Seed, Reynolds, Risley,
Rockwell, Rose. Rumsey, Sackeu, Schenck, Scherrner-
horn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thompson,
Thurman, UoderluH, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waikins, White,
Williams, and Wilson.
For Mr. Cobb—Messrs. Albertson, Asbe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bocock, Bowdon^ Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, W. R. W. Cobb, Coleoek, Daniel, Dlmmick, Dis-
ney, Dunham, Edmuidson, Ewing, Featherston, Pitch,
Fuller, Gerry, Gilmnre, Gorman, Green, Hackett, Hall,Ham-
ilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harmanson, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, How-
ard, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Kauhnan, La S&re, Leffler,
LitUefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDowell, Mc-
Lanahan, ft. M. McLan«, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie,
Meade, Miller. Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds, Parker, Peas-
lee, Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Robbing Robinson, Ross,
Savage, Sawtelie, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanron, Stetson, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, Wiiham Thompson, Venabie, Walden,
Wellborn, Wildrick, and Youn^.
Pjr Mr. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Cartter, Cleveland,
Doty, Harlan, McDonald, Sweeper, Waldo, Whittlesey,
and Wood.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Bisseli, Burt, Thomas L.
Harris, Hubbard, Inge, R.W. Johnson, Orr, and Woodward.
For Mr. Gentry—Messrs. E. C. Cabell, Morton, Owen,
Alexander H. Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Root—Messrs. Allen, Durkee, Giddings, Howe,
Preston King, Tuck, and Wilmot.
For Mr. Cleveland—Messrs. Booth, Peck, and Went-
worth.
For Mr. Jltlen—Mr. Root.
For Mr Kaufman—Mr. Holmes.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississip-
pi, the House then adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE. j:
Thursday, December 6, 1849. i
Mr. CALHOUN presented the credentials of j
the Hon. Jereshah Clemens, elected a Senator !
by the Legislature of the State of Alabama, to ,
supply the vacancy occasioned by the decease of j
the Hon. Dixon H. Lewis; which were read, and j
the oath prescribed by law was administered to j
him, and he took his seat in the Senate. ,
Mr. GREENE asked leave to withdraw the pe- j
tition and papers of William H. Prentiss from the ;
flies of the Senate. j
Mr. HALE. I believe it was determined last;
session that leave should not be granted to with-
draw papers generally without the reason for with-
drawing them being assigned.
Mr. GREENE. I stand corrected by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, and will state the
reason for withdrawing the papers as it has been
given to me. I know nothing about them myself,
but I am informed that the petition in the case is
one upon which favorable action has been taken,
and that a bill was passed at the last session in the
other House, which bill failed in the Senate. The
object of withdrawing the papers is that they may
be presented anew in the other House. If this
be considered a sufficient reason, I hope leave will
be granted, but I feel no peculiar solicitude on the
occasion.
The question having been put by the Chair, the
leave was granted.
There being bo further business before the Sen-
On motion by Mr. CASS, theSenate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 6, 1849.
The House was called to order at twelve o'clock,
by Thomas J. Campbell, Esq., Clerk of the late
House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose and offered the
following resolutions, which were read by the
Clerk:
Resolved, That tile rules of the House of Representatives,
as they existed at the clo^e of the last session of Congress,
b« adopted, so far as they are applicable to the government
of ibis House, until otherwise ordered.
Resolved, further, That Linn Boyd, of Kentucky,be, and
be is hereby, appointed and requested to act as Chairman
of thia House, with power to preserve the order tnereot,
conformable to the rules, until a Speaker shall have been
elected.
Mr. McC. said he would invite the attention
of the House, whilst he said a few words in ex-
planation of the object of these resolutions. The
object of the first resolution was to obviate the eon-
fusion and disorder to which all numerous delib-
erative bodies were subject which were without
rules for their government. Order, it was said,
was the first law of Heaven. Certainly it must be
the first law of any deliberative body that aspired
to establish a character for decorum and efficiency.
It was only by thfc forbearance of members that
order had been preserved yesterday. That for-
bearance, it was to be presumed, could scarcely be
expected to continue. Twice, or oftener, they had
been on the very verge of being precipitated into a
state of confusion and difficulty from which they
might have found it difficult to extricate them-
selves; and, for the purpose of obviating the re-
currence of that state of things, he had offered the
first resolution.
The second resolution was designed to provide
a temporary Chairman—a Chairman who should
be authorized to preserve order, and to enforce the
rules of tlie House, He scarcely need state to
this body that the only authority which the Clerk
possessed for exercising the functions of Speaker,
was derived from the acquiescence of the body
alone. The history of that officer was about this:
There was no law, order, or resolution creating
the office, or authorizing the election of that officer.
On the first day on which a quorum of the House
was obtained, after the organization of the Gov-
ernment under the new Constitution, a motion was
made for the election of a Clerk, which was carried
into effect by such an election. Since then, it has
been customary to elect a Clerk; and the rule had
been adopted continuing the Clerk in office until
he was displaced by the election of a successor.
The power of the Clerk in this House was no
greater than it was in the last House. He pos-
sessed no other powers than those of Clerk then;
he possessed no other powers than those of Clerk
now. It was only by the acquiescence of the body
that he had been permitted to exercise the functions
j of Speaker. He (Mr. McC.) submitted whether
1 it would not be better, in view of this want of
| authority and of the difficulties and dangers which
! threatened them in the absence of a.-responsible
| presiding officer, to elect a temporary Chairman.
; Such an officer selected from the body, would be
responsible to the body. In his representative
character he would be responsible both to the
House and to the people—whereas the Clerk had
[ no other responsibility than that which attached to
'! him as Clerk.
! In regard to the particular individual designated
i in the resolution, he (Mr. McC.) desired to say
; that it had been inserted on the suggestion of a
i friend on the other side of the House, whom he
i might name—Mr. Cabell, of Florida. They had
; put in the name of Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, and
i of Mr. Vinton, of Ohio. It had been agreed, that
! the gentleman whose name should be first drawn
from the hat, should be the gentleman whose name
should be inserted in the resolution. The choice
fell upon Mr. Boyd, and his name, therefore, had
been inserted. This had been done, in order that
everything might be made fair, and that neither
parly should have any advantage over the other.
Having thus briefly explained his views and
objects in offering the resolutions, he submitted
them to the consideration of the House.
Mr. DUER said he desired to save time. The
House had already expressed its opinion upon
substantially the same proposition as that of the
gentleman from Illinois He believed that the
effect of it—and it required no great sagacity to
foresee it—would be^that the temporary Chairman
would betheSpeakerforthesession. Once there,lie
would continue there. Now, the liberal proposi-
tion from that side, it seemed to him, would be,
that the last Speaker of the House should be invi-
ted to preside over the deliberations of the House
until the election of a Speaker. It struck him that
wduld be a fair compromise. It struck him that
an untried Administration, with no measures as
yet proposed, would not be treated with extreme
liberty if a chairman from their own side should
be appointed, without the power of appointing the
committees.
But they (the Whig party) had presented their
candidate, and they adhered to him. The oppo-
sition presented was apparently a factious opposi-
tion. -
He moved to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BAYLY requested the gentleman from
New York to withdraw the motion temporarily.
[Cries of " No, no."]
Mr. DUER replied, that if he should withdraw,
for one gentleman, other gentlemen would make
the same request. He preferred to adhere to his,
motion.
Mr. BAYLY. Well; the motion to lay on the,
table is debatable under the parliamentary law, I
believe. At any rate, there is nobody to decide
me out of order.
Mr. HILLIARD. The House can decide the
gentleman out of order.
Mr. BAYLY proceeded to say he thought it
very desirable that the proposition of his friend
from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] should be
adopted. He had heard but one objection made
to it by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Doer;] that was, that there was no probability of
the election of a Speaker, and that if a temporary
Chairman were appointed, he would be made
Speaker, and hold on during the session.
Mr. DUER interposed, and stated that he had
not said there was no probability; but that the
Chairman once in the chair, they would not be
likely to get him out. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY said he did not see how that
would be the result, unless, perchance, it should
happen (which he thought very likely to be the
case) that the dignity, impartiality, and ability
with which the gentleman designated for chair-
man would discharge his duties, should be such
that nobody from either side of the House would
object to his continuing in the chair during the
session. Unless the result" of which the"gentle-
man had spoken occurred in that way, it would
not occur.
The gentleman from New York seemed to object
to the individual indicated. In this designation,
he begged leave to remind the gentleman, the pre-
cedents had been followed. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] had been indicated, being
the senior member, by service, in this House. In
all legislative bodies the precedent had universally
been set, of selecting the senior member to preside
on similar occasions. It was a convenient rule; it
had been adopted, to avoid the very difficulty
which the gentleman had indicated; the selection
had been made from mere length of service, not
from party position. In the twenty-seventh Con-
gress, he believed, when the House was in a
position somewhat similar to the present one, Mr.
Adams, by universal consent, and by motion from
the opposite party, was invited to the chair, be-
cause he was the father of the House. In this
instance, in courtesy to the other side of the
House, a proposition had been entertained—as
they had been told by the gentleman from Illinois
 to give the other side an equal chanee for a se-
lection from their own number, showing that
there was no purpose on their (the Democratic)
part, to get a Democratic chairman for so short a
time; but, on the contrary, that they had acted
with extreme liberally towards the other side,
because the gentleman from Kentucky, by univer-
sal custom, was the gentleman who ought to occu-
py the chair. .
There was another gentleman on their side of
the House, the senior member from Mississippi,
[Mr. Thompson,] who was cotemporaneous with
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Sir. Boyd,] by
consecutive service; but the latter gentleman had
served in a previous Congress, which made him
I senior by the honor (if he might use such a term.)
j He could see no objection to this gentleman. He
| would have no power except to keep order; the
! resolution itself prescribed this limit to his author-
i ity. His conduct could not effect the Adminis-
' tration in any respect. He could not appoint a
committee; indeed he would have no influence
whatever; his authority would beconfined tokeep-
i ing order, and to that alone. He hoped the House
J would not lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, wished to offer a
I resolution in lieu of that of the gentleman from
Illinois, which he thought obviated all thedifteul-
1 ties which surrounded the former, and he thought
II would command favor on both sides of the House.
;| He offered the following resolution:
'! Resolved, That Linn Boyd and Samwei, F. Vistos act
I! as Chairmen of this House, each situng alternately one day
|j at a time, until a Speaker is elected.
|j Mr. MEADE. What is the proposition before
j the House?
|| The Clerk. To lay on the table the resolution
il of the gentleman from Illinois.
