8
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 6,
Mr. McCLERNAND. That i3 the immediate
question ?
Mr. SCHENCK gave notice of an amendment
to the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois,
which, if not now in order, he would hereafter
offer. It was read, as follows:
Provided, That the duties of such temporary chairman
shall be confined to keeping oider during the necessary
steps anil proceedings for the election of a Speaker wily,
and shall not relate to any act of legislation.
[Cries of " No objection."]
Mr. McCLERNAND, (in his seat.) I have no
objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I supposed it would follow
as a matter of course. 1 should have no objection
to the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois,
if that amendment were added.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I accept the amendment
cordially, ft looks to the same object I sought to
accomplish by my resolution.
The resolution was accordingly modified.
Mr. LEVfN called for the reading of the reso-
lution as modified.
Mr. SCHENCK repeated that he was satisfied
with the proposition as modified, if the House saw
fit to adopt it. He apprehended this would not be
the case, however.
Mr. HOOT said, if any compromise was to be
made, he would like to have all parties repre-
sented. [Laughter.] He would like to see the :
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd.]
and his honorable colleague, the late chairman of' j
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Vint-
tow,] sit side by side. [A laugh.] He thought, i!
however, a spike team would drive full as
well. He had another colleague who was as old, jj
if not as ^ood, a soldier as any of them. Hebe- jj
lieved, if not senior, he was equal in continuous !;
service in this Hall. He did not know how he i"
would like it; hut since this was a peace-offering, '!
to reconcile all difficulties, he proposed to add io ,!
the names already mentioned that of the honora- '
hie Joshua R. Giddi.vgs. [GeneraMaughter.]
He was very happy (he resumed) to find his !.
proposal met with such universal acceptance, [re- V-
newed laughter;] and now that they had got such
a precious company of chairmen, he was wholly ,j
indifferent to the fate of the resolution. They ij
would stand together, or lie down together, [a ''
laugh,] find look well any where. [Merriment.] |j
Mr. WILMOT said he had had some little ex- [i
perience in this Hall, and he had never known j.
three days of more order and quiet than they had i;
passed here. He believed that the forbearance, '■
the good temper of this House might be vehed 1
upon, and that they could continue their voting
until an agreement took place and a Speaker was j
elected. Place a man in the chair, and the contest j
which he believed was now nearly at an end,
would be protracted for a week, and would result,
he feared, in a proposition to tmthoi ize the gentle-
man placed in the chair to appoint the committees;
for the same strength that would carry this resolu-
tion would carry such a proposition. He appealed
to gentlemen, had there not been order, good feel-
ing, and decorum in the efforts which had been
made for the last three days to organize this
House? He had failed to observe those indications '
of disorder to which the gentleman from Jlhnois
had alluded; on the contrary, he had observed, on I
the part of gentlemen on ell sides of the Hall, a I
disposition to proceed calmly, coolly, to organize, i
The agitation of the proposition of the gentleman •
from Illinois and its adoption, he repeated, would, \
as he believed, tend to protract the struggle which, i
in his judgment, was now neaily at an end. j
Mr. DUER rose to a question of order, and said
he now made the point that the motion to lay on '
the table was not debarabie. j
The Clerk stated that it was a point for the i
House to decide. The Clerk could not
gentleman to order.
Mr, DUER. Let us have the decision of the
House.
[Cries of " Question ! question !"]
The resolution as modified was read.
Mr. HILLIARD caljed for a division of the
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The Clerk. The gentleman from New York
has moved to lay the resolution on the table, which
is the first question.
The yeas and nays were then asked and ordered
on the motion to lay the whole subject on the ta-
ble.
Mr. H1LUARD was understood to inquire
whether the motion to lay on the table could be
divided.
The Clerk said that the motion to lay the whole
subject on the table was one entire motion, and,
as such, could not be divided.
The question, " Shall the whole subject be laid
on the table?" was then taken,"and decided in the
affirmative, «s follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrew?, A hrnnn, Baker, Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Bokeo,
Booth, Bowie, Breck, Brings, Brooks Borrows, Chester
Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Ca^ey, Chandler, Cleveland, CHngman, Colcoek,
Cole, Conger, Conrad, (Joiwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey,
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Freedlev, Giddings. Goodenow, Golf, Gould, Grinnell, H-tt-
loway, Hampton. Hay, Ffaymond, Hebaid, Henry, flilhnrd,
Hou-f<m, Howe, Hunter, Jackson, James L Johnson, Kerr,
Daniel P King. George G. King, James G. Km?, Join A.
King, Pri'ston'Kms, Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matte-
sop, MrGaughey, MeKiss'-ck. Finis £ McLean, M^achani,
Moore, Morion, Nelson, Nes, Newell, Ogle, OH*. Outlaw,
Owen, Peck, PJiceu.v, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Ri-ley, Rockwell, Rooi. Rose, Ruinsey, Sackett, Schenck,
Sehermerhorn, S< hoolcraft, Sbepperd, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprague, Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens Thaddeus Stevens,
Taylut, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, Un-
derbill, Van Dvk", Vinron, VVatkms, White, Williams,
Wi'mot, and Wilson—116
NAYS—Ale^r* Albprtson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bnvly,
Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown, W. J.
Brown, Buel, Burt, E. C Cabell, J >s.<ph Cable. George A.
Caldwell, Carrier, W. R W. Darnel, Dimmick, !)««--
n«y, Dory, Dunham, Fdmimd.-on, Alexander Evans, Ewinir,
Feathf r--f<-ri. Fi eh, Fuller. (Jerry, Gilmore,Gorman, Greene,
Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Har-
mmsftii. fsham G Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Ha-ris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howaid, Hubbard,
luge, Andrew John-on, Robert W. Johnson, Jone?, Kauf-
man, La Sfeie, Lefflei, Litilefield, Job Mann, Mason, Mc-
Clemanrf, McDonald, McDowell, M. Lariahan, Robert M.
McLane, McMullen, McQueen, MeWiliie, Meade, Miller,
Millson, ."Yior«'ltead, Morris, Mor«e, Old*, Orr, Parker, Peas-
lee, Phelps Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robhiris, Robinson,
Savage, ^aivtelle, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Jt. H.
Stan tort, SieNon, Strong, S>veet-*Pi, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, James Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Wal-
den, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworth, Whittlesey,
Wildrick, Wood, Woodward, and Young—105.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose and re-
newed the resolution, so modifying it as to substi-
tute the name of Mr. Vint^y, of Ohio, for that of
Mr. Boyd.
Mr. ViNTON declined, remarking (as the re-
porter understood) that no good object could, in
his opinion, be attained by the adoption of such a
resolution.
Mr. STANTON, upon this intimation, with-
drew the resolution.
So the resolution was withdrawn.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
Thereupon, on motion of Mr. WENTWORTH,
the House again proceeded to vote for Speaker.
Messrs. Billiard of Alabama, Strong of
Pennsylvania, Duer of New York, and Miller
of Ohio, resumed their seats at the Clerk's table,
as tellers, to count the vote.
The roil was then called a fifteenth time, when
the tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 225; necessary to a choice 113; of
which-— *
Mr. Wmthrop received   4]01
Mr. Cobb, ot Georgia.....  89
Mr. Potter  10
Mr. Richardson    9
Mr. Tuck  7
Mr. Gentry  5
Mr. Cleveland   2
Mr. Allen  1
Mr. Bocock    1
~205
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wvnthrop—Messrs. Alexander, Atston, Ander-
son, Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie,
Breck. Bnees, Brooks. Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas
B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clarke, Clnigman,fCole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin,
call anv !! Crowf,Jh Deberry, D-ekey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexau-
3 J, der Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow,
1 Goti, Gould, Grinnell, HalJoway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond,
Hebard, Henry, Hilhard, Houston, Hunter, Jackson, James
Jj. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall,
Matte&on, McGaughey, McKi«soek, Finis E. M<&ean,
Meacham, Moore, Morebead, Nelson, Nes, Newel!, Ogle,
Otis, Outlaw, Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Seher-
merhorn, Pcboolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spauldmg,
^Prague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Underhiii, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wat-
kins, White, Williams, and Wilson.
For Mr, Cobb—Messrs. Albertson, A^he, Averett, Bay,
Ba\)y, Bovvdon, Bowlm, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William
J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, CoScocfc, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney,
Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller,
Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett. Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Harrnanson, Tshani G. Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris, fhbhard, Hoagland, HoMaday, Howard, Hub-
bard, Andrew John«wn, Jones, Kaufman, I,a Sere, h' ffler,
Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDowell,
McLanahan. Rob> rt M. McLane, McMullen, MeOueen,
Mc Willie, Meade, Miller, MiMson, Morris, Mor^e, Olds,
Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Rob-
bing, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Frederick
P. Stdnton, Richard H. Stanton, Ste'son, Strong, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson,
Venable, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworth, VVil-
dnek, and Ymme:.
For Mr. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Cartter, Cleveland,
Doty, Harlan, McDonald, Sweetser, Waldo, Whittlesey,
and Wood.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Beale, Bis^H, Burt, T. h.
Harris, Hubbard, Inge, R. W. Johnson, Orr, and Wood-
ward.
Fjt Mr. Turk—Messrs. Allen, Durkee, -Giddings, Howe,
Pieston King, Root, and Wilmot.
For Mr Gentry—Messrs. E. C. Cabell, Morton, Oweo,
A. II. Stephfn-s, and Toombs.
For Mr Cleveland—Me«rs. Booth and Peck.
For Mr. Bocock—Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. Mien—Mr. Tuck.
No choice.
The roll was called for the sixteenth time, when
the tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 225; necessary to a choice, 113; of
which—
Mr. Winthrnp received       100
Mr, Cobb, of Georgia,.,  73
Mr. Richardson  IP
Mr. Potter    J(J
Mr. Tuck  8
Mi. Gentry  5
Mr. Cleveland     2
Mr. Daniel    1
Mr. Rooi    X
225
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wmtkro-p—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Ander-
son, Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, t?okee, Bowie,
Rreck, Biitrg-*, Brook*-, Burrows, Chestei Butler, Thomas
B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbejl, Ca.-ey,
('handler, Clarke,Chngman, Cote. Conger. Ci nrPd,Corwm,
Debeiry. Diekej, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alex-nder Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Fieedby, Good*now, Gott, Gould,
Giinnol), n«Jloway, Hampton, Hay, Hajinond, Hebard,
Henry, Houston, Hunter, Jackson, James L. Johnson,
Kerr. Daniel P. King, George G. Kins, James G. Kinjr,
John A. King, V'v*n, Horace Mann, Marsha'], Matteson,
McGaughey, MeKsssock, Finis E. McLean, Meacham,
Moore, Morehe.ui, Nelson. Nes, Newell, Ogle, Oh.-\ Out-
law, Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rj&Jey,
Rockwell, Rose, Rumkey, Sackett, Schenck, Sehermer-
horn. Schoolcraft, Shepperd, S lveste,r, Spd«lding.|Spta2ue,
Stanly, Thaddeus Steven®, Tavlor. John R. Thompson,
Thurman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walking, White,
William", and Wilson.
For My. Ojbb—Mes«rs. A-he, Bay, Bayly, Bowdot>,
Bowhn, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, George A. Caldwell,
Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney. Dunham, Ewing, Feath-
erston, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett,
Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harrnanson, I?hant G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, llilibard, Hoagland, Howard, An-
drew Johnson, J(inus, Kaufman, La S^re, Leffler, Little-
field, Job Mann. Ma«.on, McClernand,* McDowell, McLan-
ahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Miller,
Millson, Morse, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Pot'er, Richard^
son, Robbiii", Robinpon, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Frederick
P. Sianton, Richard H. Stanton, Steison, Strong, Sweeper,
Thomas, James Thompson, William Thompson, Venable,
Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworth, Wildrick, and
Yonng.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Averett, Beale, Bissell, Bo-
cock, Burt, Edmund-6n, Hammond, T. L Harris, Holladay,
Hubbard, lime, R. VV. Johnson, McWiIhe, Meade, Orr,
Powell, Srddon, Jacob Thompson, and Woodward.
For Mr. Poster—Messrs. Albertson, Bingham, Bue), Jo-
seph Cable,Carter, Cleveland, Doty, Fitch, Harlan,McDon-
ald, Morris, Olds, Waldo, Whittlesey, Wood, and W. J.
Brown.
For Mr. Tuck—Messrs. Allen, Crowell, Durkee, Gid-
dins*, H'lwe. Preston King, Roof, and Wilmot.
For Mr. Gentry—We&ts. E. C. Cabell; Morton, Owen,
A. R. Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Cleveland—Messrs. Booth and Peck.
For Mr. Daniel—Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. Root—Mr. Tuck.
No choice.
The roll was then called the seventeenth time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given was 225; necessary to a choice 113-
of which—
mr. Winthrop received  joo
Mr. Cobb, ot Georgia   V.V. 66
Mr, Riehnrds-on, 05
Mr. Potter   1*7
Mr. Tuck V. 8
Mr. Gentry .. . . .7..', 5
Mr. McClernand 1
Mr. Cleveland          . , I
Mr. Allen.         j
Mr, Butt   1
225
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wmthrop—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Btiggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B, Butler,
