1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29.
portation thence, and in the mean time these mints
remain comparatively useless, and of no value to
the country, because not at points where commerce
and emigration center, ana foreign coin collects.
If you continue to establish mints in these secluded
parts, where the commerce and trade of the coun-
try do not arrive, you may have twenty, aye, fifty
mints,and still experience the same inconvenience
that you now do for want of a proper coinage.
I think, therefore, that we ought to establish a
mint at New York without hesitancy, and one also
in California.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Illinois has
remarked that all the gold of the neighborhood is
not coined at the mints in Georgia ana North Car-
olina. "
Mr. DOUGLAS. I said that the foreign gold
did not go in there.
Mr. PEARCE. One of the arguments that has
been used, at all events, is that all the gold of the
neighborhood is not coined at the mints m Georgia
and North Carolina. If that be so, it only shows
that it is more desirable to have it coined at Phila-
delphia than at Dahlonega and Charlotte, and it is
of course a matter of still less consequence to trans-
port it to New York.
Mr. DICKINSON. My attentien has been
called to the history of the Union Bank in Mis-
souri. It seems that a large mass of foreign gold,
which would not circulate in this country, had
been accumulated there to send away. A large
amount, a great many thousand dollars, was miss-
ing, and they were driven to the necessity of count-
ing it, before they could ascertain the precise
amount which was missing. Another fact, and I
have done. It has been often repeated that there
is no loss in the transportation between New York
and Philadelphia. The Union Bank of New York
lost fifteen thousand dollars at one time.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] has expressed his
surprise and his astonishment that the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] and myself have op-
posed the establishment of a mint at New Yoik,
because branch mints have been established in the
States which we represent. Now, sir, is it to be
supposed that because Congress thought proper
some time since to establish a mint in my own
State, that I am to be in the smallest degree de-
terred from opposing what I look upon as an un-
wise, unnecessary, and wanton waste of the public
money? No, sir. I, for one, will give my vote
for no such project, and I shall not be deterred
from what 1 conceive to be the light course, because
a branch mint has been established at Charlotte,
which, as I have already intimated, is a humbug,
and of no service to the country at iarge, and for
the establishment of which, had I been here, I
should not have voted. Yet, sir, so far from be-
ing influenced by any consideration of that kind,
or the notion that log-rolling influence is brought
to bear on me, rather than vote for the establish-
ment of the branch at New York, which I believe
to be unnecessary, and inflicting a wrong upon an-
other city over which New York has the prefer-
ence, I would prefer not only that the branch mint
in North Carolina should be abolished, but that all
the little, poor, and paltry patronage ever extended
by the United States to North Carolina should be
withdrawn now and forever. And permit me to
say, sir, that when it was withdrawn, although it
might be missed there, yet, by comparison, it is so
small that the United States would not discover
the amount of it, except by the extraordinary pro-
cess which the Senator from New York tells us
some persons were driven to, who lost some gold
from a parcel of money, and who could not tell
how many pieces were gone till they counted it.
The United States would have to count to see what
they would gain and we lose.
I trust that neither the Senator from Georgia
nor myself stands here bound to support any pro-
ject that may be brought forward for the establish-
ment of a branch mint anywhere, and for any
purpose, and if we do not support it to be taunted
with the fact that there are branch mints in Georgia
and North Carolina. I did not aid in establishing
the branch mint in North Carolina. I gave no
assistance to put it there. I care nothing for the
branch mint there. So far as any considerations
of that sort may be supposed to influence my con-
duct here, I scorn them. This branch mint at
New York, proposed to be established, is, in
my judgment, unwise, unnecessary, extravagant,
wasteful, and ultimately intended to break down
Philadelphia. I fear I may have deviated on this
occasion from my usual modesty in expressing
and maintaining my opinions, and I am sorry for
it. I can only say that I hope to be corrected by
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,]
who is so remarkable for modesty himself.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the other day I
made a few remarks upon this subject, and I then
stated that, at the proper time, I was prepared to
vote for the establishment of a mint in California,
but I did not think that the proper time had ar-
rived. The question of a mint in California would
come up more appropriately as a distinct and
separate measure, leaving this bill to rest entirely
upon its own intrinsic merits. I am not entirely
prepared to go against the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Missouri. I would prefer,
however, that the question should come up by it-
self. W ith regard to the proposition for a branch
mint at New York, if this was an original ques-
tion, coming up for the decision of Congress as to
where the mint was to be established, I should
say unhesitatingly at New York. We have how-
ever, sir, a mint at Philadelphia, conveniently
situated in many respects to New York, owing to
the facilities which the railroad furnishes. The
little expense and inconvenience which there is in
transporting bullion from New York is not, I con-
ceive, so great as to justify our going to great addi-
tional expense on the part of the Government to
establish another mint. I would second with
great pleasure the views taken by the Senator
trom New York, if I considered that the establish-
ment of a branch mint would greatly subserve the
public interests. I consider^ with the Senator
from Georgia, that this should not be a measure
for the benefit of any State. We are not to look
to the interests of New York as a city, or Phila-
delphia as a city, but we are to look to the great
interests of the country, and endeavor to do what
we can to promote these interests.
Well, sir, so far as I know, ours is the only
Government in the world where there is more than
one mint. I know that other Governments, for
territories nearly as large as our own, where the
gold must be brought thousands and thousands of
miles over land, have but one mint. The Senator
from Maryland has already fully described the
system in London, Paris, and other parts of the
world. We, sir, however, have gone upon the
system, heretofore, of establishing mints at the
points where the gold dust is procured, under the
impression that it was necessary to give these fa-
cilities to those employed in mining. It was a
matter of little importance, I think, to those en-
gaged in gold digging, either m Georgia or North
Carolina. The mints originally were of little
value to them, and they have been becoming less
so every year, until really at this time they are
next to no value at all. The only reason why the
mint at Charlotte may be considered as necessary
to be retained at all, is the fact that, after the rail-
road shall be completed between that place and
Charleston, it will give facilities to the transporta-
tion of the foreign coins or bullion coming into
the possession of merchants in that city for re-
coinage. Whether any such reason applies with
regard to Dahlonega, I know not. I hold that if
you now go on to establish a branch mint at New
York, you decide indirectly, though not directly,
that you will discontinue the mint in Philadelphia.
That is the question. Is it proper, then, that we
should now go to the expense of half a million of
dollars in erecting buildings in New York? It will
cost over a million of dollars to erect a mint in
New York. Look at the expense of the New
York custom-house, and we all know that public
buildings of this kind always cost double the esti-
mate. It appears to me, then, that my friend
from New York would not greatly subserve the
interests of the country by establishing this branch
mint. It might give some facilities to coinage in
the city of New York, but not commensurate to
the expense which would be incurred. The ob-
jection applies to having so many establishments
of this kind scattered all over the country. As I
said the other™ay, other commercial cities will put
m their claim, and we cannot with any face say,
" No, you are less important, you must submit to
all the inconvenience of transporting your gold,
although other cities are accommodated." It
would be invidious, and would not be submitted
to. I cannot, with these views, vote in favor of
I the proposition to establish a branch mint at New
| York; and I regret that the Senator from Missouri
| persists in connecting his proposition with this bill.
I believe it would be better to leave the New York
1 mint to try its fate by itself, and then bring for-
' ward his proposition as a separate measure.
| Mr. BADGER. In consequence of the remarks
I which have fallen from the Senator from Alabama,
j I would suggest to the gentleman who has offered
\ this amendment to withdraw it for a moment,
; while we test the sense of the Senate, by moving
; to strike out from the first section of the bill
the words " in the city of New York," and to in-
sert at San Francisco, in California.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope this plan will not
be tesorted to, for two reasons: One is, that I do
not think it would be in order to strike out the
New York mint and insert something quite differ-
ent; and the other is, that I think it is better to
meet this question directly, and not vote it down
indirectly.
Mr. BENTON. This question of a mint in
New York has been so often and so fully discussed,
that I think with the Senator from New York it
is better to meet it directly.
The question was then taken on th^jmendment
to the amendment, which was carried, and the
amendment, as amended was adopted.
Mr. BADGER moved to strike out from the 6th
line of the 1st section of the bill the words " in the
city of New York."
The yeas and nays being ordered, were taken,
and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bddger, Berrien, Borland, Rutler, Cor-
win, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton. Jones, King,
Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Smith, Spruunce, Sturgeon,
Turney, Underwood, Wales, and Whiteonib—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Brad-
bury, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Clemens, Davis of
Mississippi, Dickinson,tDodge of Wisconsin,Dodge oflowa,
Douglas, Downs, Felch, Greene, Hainhn, Houston, Hunter,
Mangum, iVorris. Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Soul4,
fjptl^n, and Walker—31.
So the motion was lost.
Mr. DOWNS. I have an amendment to the bill
which I wish to offer. It will be recollected that some
time since—I do not propose to discuss it now—I
brought under the notice of the Senate the absolute
necessity of increasing the compensation of the
treasurer of the mint of New Orleans, who is also
assistant treasurer of the United States. I stated
then—and I shall not refer to the subject again—
the very great difficulty indeed, and the injury to
the public service and the commercial community,
of not being able to find a man qualified to fill the
office who will accept it, on account of the small-
ness of the salary. It seemed to be agreed upon all
hands that, at the proper time, the evil ought to
be remedied. 1 now propose that the following
section be added to the bill to effect that purpose:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That the salary of the treas-
urer of the branch mint at New Orleans, and who is also
assistant treasurer, be, and the tame is hereby, increased to
 thousand dollars."
Mr. DICKINSON. I have had occasion, as a
member of the Finance Committee, to investigate
this matter with regard to the salary of this office,
and, from the correspondence which I have had
with the Treasury Department, I have no doubt
that the salary ought to be increased. Bufrl would
suggest to the Senator from Louisiana that it will
be but a short time before the appropriation bill
will come before us, in which 1 shall feel myself
justified in meeting the views of the Treasury
Department and the exigencies of the public
service by increasing the salary of that office. I
hope therefore it will be permitted to remain until
then, as it might embarrass this bill in the other
House, where it might not be understood.
Mr. DOWNS. My only object is to insure the
increase of this salary, and as I infer, from what
the Senator from New York has stated, that this
claim will be favorably viewed by the Finance
Committee when the appropriation bill comes up,
and as I do not wish to throw embarrassments in
the way of this bill, I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
There being no further propositions to amend,
the bill was reported back to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in.
Mr. BADGER. I now desire to offer a further
amendment. We are all aware that recently the
•question has been raised in the courts of Penn-
sylvania whether the mint of the United States in
that State was liable to State taxation. Judgment
was given in the supreme court of Pennsylvania
