1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bereaved family. The veil which excludes that
sacred grief from public contemplation, yet permits
us to offer our hearts' best sympathy with the
mourners' affliction.
I feel, Mr. President, that I am utterly disquali-
fied for the purpose of justly describing hi3 many
endearing and radical virtues; still more for the set
phrase of formal eulogy. I shall not attempt either
one or the other. I will leave to other tongues and
to other times whatever it may be becoming- and
proper to say. I cordially second the resolutions
presented by the colleague of the deceased.
After a pause—
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved- that when
the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-morrow
at 11 o'clock.
The motion was unanimously agreed to.
The resolutions offered by Mr. Butler were
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed the follow-
ing gentlemen the committee under the resolutions:
Messrs. Yulee, Clemens, Badger, Jones,
Cortvin, and Norris.
And the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 31, 1850.
The Journal was read and approved.
Mr. JONES. In pursuance of the understand-
ing of the House on Wednesday morning that we
would on yesterday adjourn to Monday, I now
move that when the House adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question being taken, the motion was agreed to.
A pause of a few moments ensued.
DEATH OP MR. ELMORE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secre- |
tary, informing the House of the decease of Hon.
F. H. Elmore, a Senator from the State of South
Carolina, and communicating- the proceedings of
the Senate with respect thereto.
The message having.been read—
Mr. WOODWARD rose and ^addressed the
House as follows:
- Mr. Speaker: It is not only expected but de-
sired by every one present that we should spend a
few moments in enlivening our remembrance of
the distinguished person whose much lamented
and untimely death is the subject of the resolu-
tions just received from the Senate. Not that
the solemnities about to be entered upon can add
anything to the reputation of the deceased, or in-
crease the estimation in which he was and is to be
held by the country. No eulogy of mine could
add to a fame from which aspersion could never
be.able to detract. 1 have not risen, therefore, to
do justice to the dead. The dead has done full jus-
tice to the dead. The death of Franklin H. El-
more holds no claim upon his life uncancelled. I
rise to discharge a debt due to you, to ourselves,
and the country—due to the proprieties growing
out of the relations under which we stood to the
deceased when living and the relations under which
we stand to those who in his death have suffered
bereavement. It is not necessary that any one
should here, on this occasion, bear testimony to
his uncommon intellectual endowments or his pure
and elevated character. The knowledge of these,
and the deep impression they have made on the
public mind, will impart much greater interest to
an unadorned narrative of his life than any elabo-
rate eulogium could possess.
Franklim Harper Elmore was born in the
year 1799, in the District of Laurens, State -'of
South Carolina. He was the second son of Gen.
John Elmore, who served in the war of the Revo-
lution, under Gen. Greene. He received his edu-
cation in his native State, and was graduated at the
South Carolina College, in the year 1819. In 1821
he was admitted to the bar, and the year after was
elected by the Legislature Solicitor, or State's At-
torney, for the judicial circuit which included Co-
lumbia, the seat of government. The duties of this
office he continued to discharge with ability and
distinction for fourteen years, having been succes-
sively reelected, at periods of four years. From
this office he was, in December, 1836, transferred
to the House of Representatives of the United
States, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resig-
nation of the Hon. James H. Hammond, subse-
quently a distinguished Governor of South Caro-
1107
lina. He was again chosen Representative at the
next regular election. The whole period of his
service in this body was three years. He was
here known and marked as the man of thought,
and counsel, and action. He but seldom mingled
in debate, though he wasgifted with parliamentary
powers. He was, however, destined to pass to a
different sphere.
In 1839 the Presidency of the Bank of the State
Of South Carolina became vacant. This bank
owning alarge capital, and being the fiscal agent
of the State, holds a responsible position relative
to neighboring monetary institutions. The weight
of this responsibility had been increased by the
general crash and derangement of 1837—'8. Cir-
cumstances made it peculiarly necessary to place
at its head a man of deep and comprehensive
mind, capable of discipline and system—of com-
plex combinations, and full of circumspection and
forecast. Colonel Elmore was tlje individual fixed
upon. For upwards of ten year's he continued at
the head of the institution, unceasing in assiduity,
and indefatigable in labor. It was mainly during
this period that he achieved his reputation as a
financier and commercialism And if results were
not altogether as favorable as could have been de-
sired, the explanation, doubtless, will be found in
the reflection that there are conditions which im-
pose a limit upon possible success in all affairs,
and no degree of human talent or effort is capable
of transcending this limit. It is confidently be-
lieved that the laborious career just referred to un-
dermined his constitution, disabling it to withstand
the assaults of an accidental malady. He is be-
lieved to have died of erysipelas.
It would hardly seem appropriate to detail the
circumstances, so recently commemorated, under
which he appeared amongst us as a Senator from
his native State. I cannot, however, refrain from
remarking, how striking and impressive is the
thought, "that, having been called so tsnexpectedly
to take the post of his great predecessor, he should
also have been called so speedily to follow his toot-
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
After a pause—
The SPEAKER stated, that incompliance wjth
the resolutions just adopted, the House would now
proceed to the Senate Chamber.
And thereupon, the members of the House,
preceded by their Speaker and Clerk, repaired to
the Senate Chamber, to attend the funeral pro-
ceedings.
After having deposited the corpse in the Con-
gressional burying-ground, the officers and mem-
bers returned to the House.
And then the House adjourned to Monday,-
11 .    
jj IN SENATE,
j! Friday, May 31, 1850.
|i The^funeral services over the remains of the
I Hon. F. H. Elmore, Senator from the State of
South Carolina, were performed this morning in
the Senate Chamber, in the presence of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and the Heads of De-
partments, Senators, Members of the House of
Representatives, members of the Diplomatic Corps,
(among whom the young Sandwich Island Princes, .
in their court dresses, were conspicuous,) United
States Judges, and others.
The proceedings wereunderthe superintendence
of Messrs. Yulee, Davis of Mississippi, Bad-
ger, Jones, Corwin, and Norris, the committee
of arrangements.
The corpse was removed from Mrs. Wells's, on
Capitol Hill, to the Senate Chamber, accompanied
by the immediate friends of the deceased, the pall
bearers, Messrs. Hunter, Dawsox, Downs,
Bricht, Davis of Massachusetts, and Unber-
wooD,'the surviving Senator from the State of
South Carolina, Mr. Butler, and the delegates
to the House of Representatives from the said
State.
The funeral services were performed by,the Rev.
Mr. Gurley, Chaplain to the House of Represent-
 ---. j—   S| atives, m the absence of the Chaplain to the
steps to the grave; as if drawn by some strong , Senate, who, after reading several portions of
affinity for the one who had gone before him; as - Scripture, and prayer, delivered an address on the
though he had been beckoned still onward to a I text, " Seeing then that all these things shall be
happier state by^the friendly spjrit of a just man dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be
made perfect. I believe that Mr. Elmore's voice
was heard but once in the Senate, and that was. in
answering to his name when called by the Secre- j
tary. _ j
The intellectual endowments of Col. Elmore,
in all holy conversation and godliness."—2d Peter,
3d eh. 11 v.
The funeral cortege afterwards proceeded to the
Congressional burial-ground in the prescribed pub-
lished order, where the body for the present is de-
his mental culture and acquirements, his elevated posited, and then the members of the Senate re-
character, the purity of his morals, his unexcep- !' turned to their Chamber.
tionable good breeding, and the perfection of his "
social qualities, all conspired to bind his fellow-
men to him; some by one law of human sympa-
thy, some by another.
Not unfrequently engaged in the honorable com-
petitions of life, he was, of course, sometimes the
object of those irritations of feeling which rivalries
are apt to engender. These heartburnings, how-
ever, could scarcely ever survive a social inter-
changeoften minutes, or even a transitory greeting
upon the street. And, strange as the verbal con-
tradiction may seem, 1 speak with perfect sinceri-
ty when I say, that his enemies, if he had an
enemy, were also his friends. And yet his popu-
larity was not of an intense character: it was too jj
universal to be intense. It did not meet with suf- j|
ficient resistance to give it the highest degree of h
compactness. It seemed to exist, or rather live I
by a gentlfe law of nervous connection with the ;!
community; and there is no portion of the com- 1
munity, whose sensibilities will not be touched by i
his death.
Upon the nearer social ties that have been bro- ■
ken, I choose not to make any remarks. The '
disconsolate heart shrinks from the gaze of the ,!
woild, and what our eyes may not look at, let our i
lips forbear to mention. I:
Mr. W,, at the close of his remarks, submitted |!
the following resolutions: j;
Resolved. That th<& Hous^ has heard with deep sensibility
the announcement of the death of tiie Hon. Franklin H.
Elmore, a Senator in Congress from the State of South
CaroJioa.
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect for the memory
of the deceased, the members and officers of flits House
will wear the usual badire of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings of this Hou«e in relation
tothe death of the Hon. Fraxkiint H. Elmorp, be com-
municated to the family of the deceased bv the Clerk.
. Resolved, That this House will, as a' body, forthwith
repair to the Senate Cnamber, to attend the funeral of the
deceased.
] A RECESS—THE COMPROMISE BILL.
I On motion of Mr. MANGUM, it was ordered
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourns to meet
! on Monday next.
! Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, I move that
when the Senate adjourns on Monday, it adjourn
j to meet on the Thursday following.
I Mr. KING. Is it in order to make such a mc-
; tioo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair supposes
I that it i<*.
; Mr. KING. I think it would be the bettei^courae
; not to make that motion now, but to make it when
I we meet on Monday next. If it be adopted now,
it will be in the power of the Senate to rescind it
on Monday. Many gentlemen, if this motion pre-
vails, may go home under the impression that noth-
ing will be done within the time specified; but the
Senate may on Monday xescind the order, and
those Senators would be disappointed in not being
present at the discussion of important subjects. I
merely throw out this suggestion fur the consider-
ation of the Senator.
iVl r. DAYTON. I will risk that. I do not think
the Senate would act so.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I hardly think that
the motion of the Senator from New Jeisey is in
order; and I must add, that if it were in order I do
not think it right. It is a manifest and palpable
evasion of the Constitution. We have already
agreed to adjourn for three days, and this order
proposes that on the termination of those three
days we shall adjourn for three more; and so we
might go on ad infinitum, if such an order has any
obligatory force.
But if this were in order, I am utterly opposed
to it. After we have been six months in session*
it is proposed to adjourn for a whole week—for
that is the meaning of the proposition—for the
