1108
Ttifc CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
purpose of taking up the carpets now on the floor. 1
For one, I prefer these carpets to any others that
can be put down. It is now proposed, when the
public anxiety is at the highest arid most in'erise
pitch—when the eye of every patriot and every
friend of hi?? country is intensely directed to this ;
body—to adjourn for a week, after a six months '
session, in order to take up these carpets, i say i
again, that even if it were in our power to do such •
a thins:, it is not right that we should do it. !
Mr DAYTON. Mr. President, it seems to me
that this is no evasion of the Constitution. If
when we meet on Monday next we adjourn till
Thursday, it would be the same thing as is now
proposed. I believe that this thing has been re-
peatedly done by hoth Houses. It has been cus-
tomary to do something of the kind at this season
of the year. I do not see that we are so distress-
ingly pressed for two or three days with regard to
California and these other matters as to prevent us
taking the course winch has been taken every
summer at the long session for the last eight years.
It is always customary to fit up the Chamber for
t ie bummer session, it is nosv being done at the
o her end of the Capitol, and I suppose that the
members there are as strongly disposed to do their
duty as the members here. If it be done, there
are some few of us who hve near who will have
an opportunity of spending a few days with our
families. I have made the proposition with that
view, and 1 hope it will be acquiesced m.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I really think that
the course proposed by the Senator from New
Jersey is not only unusual, but is exticmely im-
proper. If when we have agreed to adjourn until
Monday we agree to adjourn until Thursday, it
amounts substantially to adjourning for more than
three days. If this motion prevail, and any great
number of Senators go home for a few days in con-
sequence, we may find ourselves without a quorum
on Monday next. I think that the course pro-
posed is altogether unusual. I have never known
such a thing done before since I have been a mem-
ber of Congress. And I must say that the oldest
member of either this body or the "other Huusp,
has never known such a tiling to be done until
Wednesday last, when the House of Representa-
tives adjourned until eight o'clock the next morn-
ing for the purpose of then adjourning until Mon-
day. I think we ought to adhere to the usual
course. When we meet on Monday let the proposi-
tion be made to adjourn tor three days, in order to
take up the carpets, if it be deemed necessary, it
seems to me that the motion is entirely uncalled
for. 1 am not at all dissatisfied with these carpets.
Th§y will not be uncomfortable for sonic time to
come. When the weather becomes warm, we^an
have the carpets taken up and the Chamber
cleansed, if we aie to remain here during the &um-
mcr, which I hone we will not do. I hope we wiil
try to get through with the business befoie us and
fix an early day of adjournment, with the under-
standing that we shall come back earlier than our
constitutional duty requires, in that way we can
be relieved from the unpleasantness ot sitting m
the months of August and September, if we do
sit during those months, if we are to be confined
to this Chamber then, badly ventilated as it is, i
venture to say that, whether we take up the caipeis
or not, the health of many of us will be suifeiirig.
Although this proposition of the Senator from New
Jersey may strictly speaking be in order, and i
do not mean to 3ay that it is not, it is altogether
unusual, and to my mind approaches very near to
beiftg out of order.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, as there seems
to be some doubt as to the constitutionality of the
measure 1 have proposed, I will withdraw it, if
the Senate will permit me to take up the compro-
mise-bill for the purpose of postponing its consid-
eration until Thursday next. I wiil, therefoie,
withdraw my proposition, and move to take up
the compromise bill reported from the committee
of thirteen.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I can only ex-
press the hope that we will not postpone the meas-
ure until the time indicated. I hope that we shall
go to work on Monday and come to a vote on the
amendments which have been proposed, and make
some progress with the bill. I have no idea that
any final question will be taken m the course of
the ensuing week. So far as my voice goes, i can
assure the Senator from New Jersey that I would
not propose any final question, .such as the en-
grossment of the bill, if it should reach that state
of progress, or its passage. If the motion be made
to postpone the consideration of the compromise
bill till Thursday, I shall call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I rise simply to
second what has been so ably said by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky. So far as 1 have
been able to observe the indications of public sen-
timent throughout the United States, the undivided
public sentiment of the country demands imme-
diate action on the subjects of agitation now un-
fortunately distracting the country. I am opposed
to any delay on the subject. I shall, therefore,
vote against the proposition to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill of adjustment until Thursday
next.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I should be
sorry to resist any proposition,if by such resist-
ance I should su^ect the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, or any other Senator, to the least in-
convenience. But I am not willing, for one, to
consent to the postponement of this subject. 1 de-
sire, for one, to act on it, and to come to a decision
on it as early as possible. 1 concur in every word
that has been said by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. I think we ought to act definitely. 1
was among the number of those who early doubted
the propriety of uniting the admission of California
with the other measures proposed to be settled in
the compromise bill, being decidedly friendly to
the early admission of California. But, for the
purpose of making an attempt to settle all the sub-
jects of agitation, 1 have supported the plan of the
committee of thirteen. With that view, I shall
oppose the postponement ot this question.
The motion to take up the compromise bill was
agreed to.
And the Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, tlie consideration of the bill providing for
the admission of California ioto the Union as a
Stale, the establishment of territorial governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals
to Texas for the settlement of her northern and
western boundary.
Mr. DAYTON. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until Thursday.
Mc, CLAY. On that motion, I ask the yeas
and 11 iys.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAY l'ON. Mr. Piesident, I have not the
slightest idea of delaying action oir ther bill before
us. I am ready to come to a vote upon it as soon
as any other member of the Senate. But, looking
at things as they aie, [ do not think that anything
can be done before Wednesday or Thursday. Oui
Cnamber has been cleared of our desks and tabies,
with a view of facilitating arrangements for our
summer cession. Looking at things as they are,
and looking at the convenience of members, 1
think we had better not impose upon our officers
the necessity of taking out and bringing m our
desks again. While they are out, the carpets can
be taken up, and the Chamber fitted for the sum-
mer.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I understood the
honorable Senator from New Jersey to say that
iheChamber had been put into its present condition
with a view to an adjournment for the purpose of
preparing the hall for the summer session, i be-
lieve that no special order has been adopted for
that purpose, i think that the honorable Senator
must be mistaken in his supposition. There
must have been some other leason than that stated
by him why our desks have been taken out. it
is evident to me that the order of the Chamber as
it existed yesterday can be restored in two hours.
Matters, therefore, have not reached the fatal ex-
tent supposed by the Senator from New Jersey.
I think we had better have the Chamber restored
to its usual order, and go on with the legislation
of the country. Three or four days would do a
great deal towards bringing this bill towards-
maturity.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I believe
theie was an understanding among a number of
Senators that there should be an adjournment
from Monday until Thursday next; but no Sen-
ator has left the city of Washington under that
understanding. Feeling, therefore, that a few days
would greatly accelerate our business, I shall vote
against the proposition to postpone. The case
would be entirely different, however, if any Sena-
tor had left the city under that understanding.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of the bill until Thursday next, it resulted as,
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Butler, Chase,Clarke,
Cor win, Davis of'Massachusfcttej D wis ot Day-
inn, HaIp, Hamlin,Morton, Seward, Smith, Upham, Wales,
and Yulf-e—17.
NAY.-?—Messrs Bell, Benton, Berrien, Bradbury, Bright,
Ohty, Dawson, Dickm^o, Dodge o! Wisconsin, Downs,
Foote, Houston, Jones, King, Manguin, Rusk, Shields, and
VVhnconib—IS.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES. 1 perceive, from the iemarks
which have been made, that we are very soon to
have an adjournment for the purpose of taking up
the carpets, i, therefore, move that the officers
be directed to take up the carpets now, and pre-
pare the Chamber for the summer between this
time and Monday.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is not in order.
Mr. KING. I have a motion which I cannot
submit until the one offered by the gentleman from
Iowa be disposed of.
Mr. JON ES. I will then withdraw my motion.
Mr. KING. 1 objected the other day to the
third reading of a bill because it had not been en-
grossed-, but as it has now been engrossed, I move
lo take up for its third reading the bill establishing
a branch mint in the city of New York.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, the com-
promise biil is now before the Senate, I believe,
and no disposition has been made of it; conse-
quently the motion of the Senator from Alabama
is out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri is right. The bill to which he refers
has not been disposed of.
Mr. ATCHISON. While up I would take oc-
casion to say that, for the last two or three days, I
have been consulting, not with u leading membeis
of the Senate," but with 44 the rank and file," and
the general understanding has been, so far as my
consultations have gone—i do not mean that it has
been the understanding of the Senate, though I
think there wjil be a majority for it on Monday—
that we should adjourn from next Monday until
Thursday, and then from Thurday until Monday,
so as to give us a week to have the carpets taken
up and the Chamber fixed up in summer style. I
wiil vote for such a proposition, and such, until
the vote was taken a few moments ago, I thought
W0S the general understanding of the Senate. I
give notice now that I will on Monday move that
we adjourn until Thursday, and that when we ad-
journ on Thursday, we adjourn until the Monday
following.
I see no great necessity for presenting this-bill
now. Indeed i believe it to be impolitic to press it
now. And I wish it to be distinctly understood,
that if my vote can prevent it, the bill will not be
considered on Monday, nor on Thursday next,
nor until the Monday following. 1 have seen or
heard nothing that convinces me that there is any
necessity for immediate action on the subject, and
I have an opinion of my own that it had better be
postponed.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Mon-
day next at one o'clock. While up, i would say
to the Senator from Missouri that, as he well
knows, I am in favor of eaily action on this bill.
He thinks there is no necessity for immediate
action. However, I shall not discuss that now.
It can be discussed on Monday, when the bill
comes up.
Mr. HALE. I think that the sensible and ju-
dicious remarks of the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Atchisox] will operate upon the minds of
Senators, i coniess they have opeiated upon mine.
I therefore move to amend the motion of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, by inserting ''Monday week"
instead of " Monday next."
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the whole matter
lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
Mr. KING. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill establishing a branch
mint in the city of New York. The bill has been
ordered to be engrossed. It only remains, there-
fore, to be read a third time and passed."
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, we have just
had a vote taken which shows that there are only
thirty-five members present. I submit, therefore,
