1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
ation of the special message of the President of the
United States, relating to the admission of Cali-
fornia as a State into the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the allotted hour, (in
remarks which will be published in the Appendix.)
He avowed himself to be opposed to the admis-
sion of California as a State, without some equiv-
alent given. He did not regard the compromise
bill as being such an equivalent. He had serious
objections to every item of it. When the voice of
his constituents should call upon him to vote for
that bill, he should pay respect to it; and then
would be the time to decide whether he should obey
that voice, or seek in private life the peace of con-
science which he could not enjoy if he were to vi-
olate his own convictions of duty and of right.
Mr. B. having concluded, the Chairman gave
the floor to Mr. Crowell, of Ohio.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
The CHAIRMAN (before Mr. C. proceeded
with his remarks) said that, in consequence of the
absence of one of the memoers of the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, the business of that committee
was suspended. And the Chairman suggested that
the committee should rise, in order that the House
might take action upon the subject.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
t£e Union then rose informally, by general acqui-
escence, and—
On motion of Mr. STANLY, it was ordered that
the Speaker appoint another member on the said
committee.
CALIFORNIA.
The CHAIRMAN then resumed the Chair in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CROWELL proceeded with his remarks.
The first portion of them consisted of an argument
in favor of the admission of California as a State
into the Union, unembarrassed by any other sub-
ject of legislation—with her present boundaries
and her free constitution. He then passed on to a
notice of some of the propositions which had been
asserted and maintained on the subject of slavery,
expressing his dissent from them and his abhor-
rence of their tendency; and entered his earnest
protest against the audacious novelties thus advo-
vated. [The speech will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
Whilst Mr. Crowell was addressing the com-
mittee—
The SPEAKER resumed the chair informally,
for the purpose of receiving a message from the
Senate by A. Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed an act to es-
tablish a branch of the mint of the United States
in the city of New York, and a branch mint and
an assayer's office at San Francisco, in California.
The CHAIRMAN then resumed the chair in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CROWEXjL having concluded his re-
marks—
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor to
Mr. COLCOCK, who addressed the committee,
in remarks of which a report will be given here-
after. After expressing the little hope which he
entertained that the great controversy now agita-
ting the country could be settled, and adverting to
the increasing difficulties by which the country
was surrounded, he proceeded to argue that, from
the commencement down to the present time, every
step which had been taken in relation to California
had been a series of usurpations not sanctioned by
law, unwarranted by the Constitution, and unsus-
tdirted by precedent. He traced, seriatim, the meas-
ures which had been adopted to place California in
the position in which she now stood, commenting
especially upon the obscurity which seemed to
rest on the origin of those measures, and declaring
that there was no evidence that the late Adminis-
tration had done anything to induce the people of
California to take the initiative toward the forma-
tion of a State constitution and government. The
greater portion of the allotted hour was directed to
tnis branch of the subject. Passing over other
topics to which he had not time to allude, Mr. C.
then briefly noticed the compromise bill, expressing
his objections to it, and his conviction of Us in-
adequacy to accomplish the great end m view.
Everything which it proposed to give to the South,
he argued, it gave only in promise; everything
which it proposed to give to the North, it gave
in fact and m performance. The proposed aboli-
tion of the slave trade in the District of Columbia,
he characterized as one of the most signal tri-
umphs ever achieved by the Abolitionists. This
was no time for the South to make concessions.
A compromise, to be effectual, must be something
designed not merely to patch up a present peace,
to secure a temporary truce, but something which
will give final and complete repose to the whole
body politic. Nothing less than a universal, a
just, and an equal arrangement of all the questions
in controversy would effect that object.
Mr. C. having concluded—
Mr. SILVESTER obtained the floor, but yield-
ed for a motion that the committee rise.
The committee (a few members only being in
their seats) refused to rise.
Mr. SILVESTER then proceeded to address
the committee At the outset of his remarks he
adverted to the threatened dissolution of the
Union, of which so much had been heard in both
Houses of Congress, arguing that the threat met
no responsive echo in the hearts of the great
masses of the people, whose hopes, whose m-
teie&ts, and whose destiny, were firmly and mdis-
solubly wedded to the Union. He then proceeded
to exhibit certain tables, showing the great ad-
vance which had been made by the free States in
comparison with others which were encumbered
with slave property. He denied the existence of
any desire on the part of theNoith to commit
aggressions upon the rights, or offer an insult to
the feelings ot the South. No desire existed to
interfere with slavery in those States where it
was now recognized. The whole object was, that
territory which was heretofore free, should remain
so—that slavery should not go where freedom
now is and supplant it. He declared himself to
be in favor of the admission of California as a
State, and argued that every fair and reasonable
presumption was hostile to the idea that any un-
due interference had taken place m relation to her.
In the course cf his remaiks, Mr. S. gave way to
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, who said that, having
striven lor the last two months to get the floor, and
having been unsuccessful, by the permission of
his honorable friend from New York, he had con-
cluded to give nonce to the empty benches around
him, and the few members who were present, that
he wished them toconsiderhis speech as delivered,
and he would furnish it to them in print, hereafter.
He would very much like to make an hour's
speech, but there were so many members desirous
of speaking, he would abandon his efforts to obtain
the floor, and not detain the committee.
Mr. SILVESTER having concluded,
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor to
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who (not
de&iring, he said, to speak to-night) yielded to a
motion that the committee rise.
After a little fun, glowing out of the empty
state of the benches to which the motion was
put—
The CHAIRMAN pro tem, (Mr. Cartter) de-
clared that a majority were in favor of rising,
So the committee rose and reported.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees :
133 Mr* PITMAN; The petition of John Rriu-h and 43
other citizens ot Schujlkill county, Pennsylvania, asking
Congress to change the " manner ot levying duties " on for-
eign iron, so as to aflord protection to the American manu-
facturers.
Also, the petition of William Zimmerman and 45 other
citizens of Sehujlkill comity, Pennsylvania, asking Con-
iiiess to ch.nme the "manner of levying duties " on loreign
unn,.'0 as toufloid protection to the American manufac-
tured.
Also, tlie petition of Thomas. H. Fisbburn and other citi-
zensof Dauphin county. Pennsylvania, a&King Congress to
li\ the Veilue of the t-o-caliiid " levies " and " ftps 5J at ten
and five cents respectively.
Also, the petition ot Charles Wjikms and 67 other citizens
of Penn=)lva!'ja,tn favor of cheap poetayo.
Also, the petition o( J. Brau&e and 7y otiier citizens of
Lebanon county, Pennsylvania, in favor of cheap postage.
By Mr, PAUK£(t: The petition oi 92citiZ' its ot Viigmia.
a-kin<5 that the military s>->tfcin now in force at the national
ariiiones maybe abolished, and thai said armories maybe
placed under the charue of civji superintendents. Al.-o, the
petition ot 23 other citizens <tf Virginia to the same effect,
By Mr. KAUFMAN: The petition of Thomas Gn&ham,of
Cherokee county, in the State of Texas, praying* for a pen-
sion on account of injuries received in the last war with
Great Britain.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of William H. Pills-
bury and 40 other legal voters ot Wisca«set and vicinity* in
the State of Maine, asking that arbitration, or a Congress of
nations, he made a substitute for war.
By Mr. ANDUllS N: Resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Tennessee:
1st. Against di.-umon, and in favor of the Constitution of
the United States, aad the perpetuity of the union of the
States.
2d. In favor of the appropriation of public land for the
construction of a railroad fiom some central point on the
Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean, arid repealing the
resolutions heretofore adopted in favor of Asa Whitney's
plan for such a railroad.
3d. In favoi of the establishment of an agricultural bureau
in the Depaitment of the Interior.
4th. In favor of the location and erection of a United
States Marine Hospital at Memphis, in the State of Ten-
nessee.
Also, the memorial of Dr. Frank A. Ramsey and 28 other?,
citizens and physicians of Knoxville,Tennessee, in behalf
of the medical officers of the Navy of the United States.
Also, the memorial of Drs. B. B. Lenoir and W. S. Bell,
of Tennessee, on the same subject.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Edgar A. Hazen,John
Fianklin and others, for a post-route from Kingston to
Montello, in Marquette county.
A^o, the petition of Lewi3 Wasburn, of Waukesha
county, for a pension.
Also, the petition of certain Oneida Indians, for grants of
and lor military services rendered the United States during
he war ol 1812.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 3, 1850.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting to the Senate a copy
of a dispatch from the Minister of the United
States at London, accompanied by a memorial and
other documents addressed to Congress by Count
de Bronno Bronski, relative to an improved breed
of silk-worms, which the memorialist desires to
have introduced into this country; which was or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, transmitting reports fiom the several
heads of thedepaitments, containing all the in form-
ation in possession of the Executive, relative'to
the subject, and stating that no lnfoimation has
been received establishing the existence of any
revolutionary movement in the Island of Cuba, or
among the inhabitants of that island. The corre-
spondence discloses the fact that repeated attempts
have been made, under the direction of foreigners
enjoying the hospitality of this country, to get up
armed expeditions m the United States for the pur-
pose of invading Cuba, and showing that the Gov-
ernment has been faithful in the discharge of its
treaty obligations with Spain, and in the execution
of the acts of Congress; which was read and or-
dered to lie on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the memorial of Al-
fred G-. Benson, asking that he may be authorized
by law to enter into contract with the United States
for transporting the mails and mail agents of the
Government between San Francisco, in California,
and China; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHIELDS presented representations of the
grand jury ef the District of Columbia, setting
torth the necessity of providing for an additional
term and suitable accommodations for holding the
sessions of the criminal court of the District;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted additional docu-
ments relating to the petition of the widow of
James Wright; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a petition from citi-
zens of Dale county, Alabama, asking the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Newton, in that
State, to Camelton, in Florida; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
citizens of Plattsburg, in the State of New York,
asking such an alteiation of the tariff as would
promote the dignity of labor; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial of the
Major and City Council of St. Louis, asking the
enactment of a law regulating the transportation
of emigrant passengers 011 board of steamboats
navigating the Mississippi river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
