1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, a few years ago
—four years ago, I think—a law was passed upon
the subject to which the memorial refers. That
law, however, only related to vessels plying be-
tween ports of the United States and foreign
gorts. The great object of that law was to se-
cure the safety of the cities at which such vessels
might touch. The object was to prevent a.great
number of emigrants from being crowded into a
a vessel, where, from insufficient room, diseases
would be engendered, fatal not only to themselves,
but to the inhabitants of places at which such ves-
sel might stop. That law applied only to vessels
coming from foreign ports to our ports, such as
New Orleans. But it very frequently happens
that a whole ship load—and a very large ship load
—of emigrants are crowded on board one of our
western steamboats, without any regard to their
convenience or health, where, if they have disease
among them, it will b.e aggravated, but if none it
will be engendered. And when an explosion of a
boiler, or some such accident takes place, a whole
ship load of human beings are launched into eter-
nity. These evils require some remedy.
Neither my colleague nor myself are members
of the committee to which this memorial has bee/i
referred. 1 have therefore made these few re-
marks for the purpose of calling the attention of
that committee to the subject.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of B.
Corwin, asking that an appropriation may be
made for improving the road between Independ-
ence, Missouri, and Fort Hall, in the Rocky
Mountains; which was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Charles
H. Buxenstein, a pensioner of the United States,
asking an increase of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from Wm. A.
Disney and twenty-seven others, citizens of Knox
county, Ohio. Also, from Daniel P. Cilley, and
twelve others, citizens of Hillsboro1, New Hamp-
shire. Also, from James P. Snell and twenty-one
other citizens of Montgomery county, New York.
Also, from Joseph Keith and eighty-seven other
citizens of Cumberland county, Maine. Also,
from Sylvester Smith and sixty-one other citizens
of Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania. Also,
from John Grimes and fifty-four other citizens of
Morris county, New Jersey. Also, from Edward
J. Collins and eighty-three other citizens of New
Haven county, Connecticut. Also, from William
Jefts and one hundred other citizens of Ashby,
Massachusetts. Also, from Thomas York and
ninety other citizens of Salem, New Hampshire.
Also, from Benjamin Hawkins and one hundred
and four other citizens of South Reading, Massa-
chusetts; all asking that slavery may be expressly
prohibited in -the territories of the United States,
and all of which were ordered to lie on the table.
FREE-SOIL SENTIMENTS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have been
requested to present to the Senate the proceedings
of a meeting of the inhabitants of Syracuse, in
the State of New York, containing an expression
of th-eir sentiments upon questions which are now
engaging the consideration of Congress. I com-
ply very cheerfully with that request. The meet-
ing was convened upon a call signed by six hun-
dred citizens. It was very largely attended, and
all partisan feelings seem to have been laid aside
in its deliberations. The Mayor of the city of
Syracuse presided, supported by several officers,
all of whom are known to me as persons of
intelligence and eminent respectability. The opin-
ions of the meeting are expressed in a series of
resolutions, the substance of which I will state
very briefly.
The first resolution condemns the loss of time in
the action of Congress, which the meeting con-
siders as having resulted from the efforts of the
slaveholders in the South to give unreasonable and
unjusL preponderance to the interests of their local
institutions.
The second resolution declares that, in the opin-
ion of the meeting, and, as they believe, in ac-
cordance with the universal and unanimous senti-
ment of New York, California is entitled to
admission into the Union with her present con-
stitution and their present boundaries, without
condition, restriction, orlimitation,and without ref-
erence to any other question now before Congress.
The third asserts the constitutional power of
Congress to prohibit slavery in the Territories of
the United States, and protest against the passage
of any law for the establishment of territorial gov-
ernments in New Mexico and Utah which shall
not contain the Wilmot proviso.
The fourth protests against the passage of any
law for the apprehension and surrender of fugitives
from labor or service which shall not recongnize
the right of the writ of habeas corpus and of trial by
jury of the State and m the county in which the
claim-is attempted to be enforced.
The fifth asserts that it is the duty of Congress
to pass laws providing for the security of all persons
inhabitants of a free State, whose business or incli-
nation leads them tempoiarily into any of the
slaveholding Stales.
The sixth protests against any legislation in
Congress by which the continuance of slavery in
the District of Columbia, beyond the time when
its abolition may be demanded by public opinion
or become necessary or expedient in the judgment
of Congress itself, shall be efTected, or by which
such abolition may be mafle to depend on the as-
sent of any adjoining State, and expresses a desire
for the removal of slavery altogether from the Na-
tional Capital.
The seventh expresses anxiety and alarm at the
attempt to induce Congress to assent to compacts
and compromises tending to compel or restrain the
action of future Congresses.
The eighth declares that if the Constitution
was formed upon the plan of compromise to feel-
ings and opinions then existing, it by no means
follows that the system of compromise should be
perpetual to all the end of time.
The city of Syracuse, as is known, is near the
centre of'the State of New York. I have spoken
of the intelligence and respectability of its citizens
who attended this meeting. 1 will add only one
word. If I weie in search, as I am not, of the
predominant public opinion of the State of New
Yoik on these questions, there are no responses
which I should consider more truthful and more
reliable than those contained m the proceedings of
the meeting at Syracuse. 1 ask for these proceed-
ings the same consideration and courtesy which
have been extended to others of a similar charac-
ter. I believe that the honorable Senator from
North Carolina submitted the proceedings of a
meeting of the citizens of Wilmington in that
State, some time since, which were laid on the
table and ordered to be printed. I submit the
same j? ouon in this case.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, I have had
no communication with the officers or persons
who participated in that meeting, but 1 have seen
in the public papers what purported to be an ac-
curate account of its doings of a far different
character, showing that notwithstanding the very
ambitious tone of its published proceedings, that it
was, without inquiring where those assembled had
formerly been classed, strictly and to all intents
and purposes a ''Free Soil" meeting—and thus
limited—and that if six hundred persons united in
its cull but a small portion of them attended, or
took part in its deliberations and proceedings. 1
merely state these facts to show that I may not be
deemed to admit, even by implication, that this
meeting was hold by the inhabitants of Syracuse
of all parties generally. My information is other-
wise. I have merely stated what I have seen in
the public papers. I express no opinion concern-
ing it, for 1 know nothing About it of a more au-
thentic character.
The proceedings were laid on the table, and the
question of punting, under the rules, was reterred
to the Committee on Printing.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, to which was referred the bill
to reduce the rates of postage, reported back the
same, with sundry amendments,accompanied byan
elaborate report, which was ordered to be printed.
FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, at an early
period of the session I turned my attention to the
subject of preparing a bill respecting the recla-
mation of fugitive slaves, or of preparing certain
amendments to the existing law on that subject. In
pursuance of this purpose, 1 conferred with some
of the most eminent members of the profession,
and especially with a high judicial authority, who
has had more to do with questions of this kind, I
presume, than any otherjudge in the United States.
After these consultations and conferences, as early
as in February 1 prepared a bill amendatory of the
act of 1793, intending, when a proper time came, to
lay it before the Senate for its consideration. I
now wish to present the bill to the Senate un-
altered and precisely as it waa when prepared in
February last.
Mr. DAYTON, i hope that the paper will be
printed.
The bill was then laid on the table and ordered
to be printed 'as follows t
A BILL amendatory of "An act respecting fugitives from
ju&tice and persons e-caping from the service of their
masters,5' approved February 12, H93.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled. That
the provisions of the said act shall extend to the territories
of the United States; and that the commisHoners whonow
are, or who may hereafter be appointed by the circuit
courts of the United Stales, or the district courts where
circuit courts are not established, or by the territorial courts
of the United States, all of which courts are authorized and
required to appoint one or more commissioners in each
county to take acknowledgments of bail and affidavits, and
also to take depositions of witnesses in civil causes, and
who shall each, or any judge of the United States, on com-
plaint being made on oath to him that a fugitive from labor
is believed to be within the State or territory in which he
hves, i-=&ue Ins warrant to the marshal of the United States,
or to any other person who t-hall he willing to serve n, au-
thorizing an arrest of the fugitive, if within the State or tetr"
ritory, to be brought before turn or some other commissioner
or judge of the United States court within the Stale or ter-
ritory, ihat the right of the person claiming the services of
such fugitive may be examined. And on the hearing, depo-
sition duly authenticated,and parol proof, shall be heard to
establish the identity of the fusiuve and the right of the claim-
ant, and also to show that slavery is established in the State
from which the fugitive aboconded. And if on such hearing
the con!iuu--ioner or judg" shall find the claim to the services
of the fugitive., as asserted, sustained by the evidence, ha
shall make out a certificate of the material tacts proved and
of his judgment theteon, which he shall sign, and which
shall be conclusive of the right of the claimant or his agent
to take the fugitive back to the State from whence he fled.
Provided, that if the fugitive shall deny that he owes scrvice
to the claimant under the ictws of the State where he was
held, and a(ter being duly cautioned as to the solemnities
and consequences of an oath, shall swear to the same, the
commissioner or judge shall forthwith summon a jury of
twelve men to try the right of the claimant, who shall b®
sworn to try the cause according to evidence, and the com-
missioner or judge shall preside at the trial, and determine
the competency of the proof.
Sec. 2. Jind be it farther enacted, That the commissioner
shall receive ten dollars in each case tried by him, as afore-
said, the jurors fifty cents each, and the marshal or other
pe >on setving the process shall receive five dollars for
>ervmg the warrant on each fugitive, and for mileage and
other services the same as are allowed to the marshal for
similar services, to be examined and allowed by the com-
missioner or judge, am! paid by the claimant.^
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the pay-
ment of outstanding loan-office and final settlement'
certificates, issued for money loaned, or for services
or supplies during the revolutionary war; which,
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CH.A&E, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to reduce the price
of public lands belonging to the United States, in
the vicinity of the Wabash and Erie canal, and
the Miami Extension canal, in the State of Ohio;
which was read twice* and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, m accordance
with notice heretofore given, I now ask leave to
introduce a bill to grant to the State of Missouri a
certain quantity of public lands for objects of in-
ternal improvement, which, added to the quantity
heretofore granted to that State for that purpose,
will make it equal to the quantity heretofore granted
to any other State for the same purpose.
On offering this bill, I would suggest thatl con-
| cur in the doctrine that the Government, as the
great landholder, has the right to grant to the States
in which they he, lands for the purpose of improv-
ing the value of the remainder. There is a great
quantity of refuse lands in the State of Missouri,
Missouri was once a part of the territory of Loui-
siana. The land was granted by the Spanish
government, from 1764 until the period when it
became the property of the United States. During
that period of forty years, the best land was taken
in very large grants. From the time that Loui-
| siana was ceded to the United States, now almost
; half a century, the lands in the State of Missouri
; have been picked so that scarcely any but the refuse
| lands remain. The public lands in the State of
