im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
Missouri have been picked from 1764, at different
times, until 1804,and from 1804 down to the present
time. For a period of nearly a century these lands
have been undergoing the process of picking; so
that those lands which now remain are of a very
inferior quality. It is desirable to the United
States that these lands should, in some way or
other, be made useful and subservient to the pur-
poses of settlement and improvement. The policy
of granting lands to the States in which they lie,
for purposes of internal improvement, has been
found to be one of the most effectual means of re-
claiming refuse lands. I am of opinion, with the
celebrated Edmund Burke, that " to take land from
hands that do not use it, and give it to hands that do
use it, would be for the benefit of the country."
Many years ago, Mr. President, I brought in
bills similar in purpose, in many respects, to the
one which 1 now propose to introduce. One fea-
ture of those bills was to graduate the price of the
public lands, reducing the price periodically ac-
cording to the length of time the land had been in
the market. Another feature was to make dona-
tions of land to actual settlers. A third provision
was to grant the refuse lands to the States in which
they lie, for objects of internal improvement.
1 he principle of the bill I now propose to in-
troduce is the granting of the refuse lands to the
States in which they lie, for purposes of internal
improvement. 1 am clearly under the conviction
that it ought to be done in this case.
Another argument in favor of the bill which I
introduce is, that it only proposes to grant to the
State of Missouri, an amount of land which, added
to what has already been granted to that State for
objects of internal improvement, will make it equal
to the whole amount of land granted to any other
State. The returns of the Land Office show that
it will require two million six hundred and seven-
ty-two thousard two hundred and ten acres to ac-
complish this purpose, and for that amount is this
bill drawn. The bill names two objects of inter-
nal improvement, to which, under the auspices of
the State, this land is to be applied. One is a iaii-
road from St. Louis to the western frontier of the
State, through the capital; the other is a railroad
between the town of St. Joseph and the town of
Hannibal, on the Mississippi river. The bill spe-
cifies these two objects for which the grant is to
be made, but other effects, such as the draining of
swamps, will follow.
1 make this statement because, not being a mem-
ber of the committee to which the bill will go, I
wish the members of the committee to undeistand
the nature of the bill, in order that they may
make, as I expect they will, a favorable report
upon it.
Leave to introduce the bill was granted, and the
bill was read a fitst and second time by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, as follows:
A BILL to grant to the State of Missouri a certain quanti'y
6f puMic laud lor objects of internal improvement, vvlucli,
added to the quantity heretofore gianted to that tfinte lor
thai purpose, snail make it tqual to lite quantnv heretofore
gianttd to any other State for tliesame purpose.
Whereas it appears hy a report of the Comimssionerofthe
General Land Olhce, Senate document of the piesent m h-
sion, that there has been granted toihe State of Mi^oun fivt
bundled thousand acies. of land for purpo?es oi internal im-
provement, and to other States a lat larger quantity, and that
it would require the quantity of two million six hundred and
seventy-two thousand two hundred and ten acre?, area5' oi
the rc.-pective Slates considered, to make the grant to Mis-
souri equal-to that ol'any other State ; ihereiore—
Be it ennrted by the Senate and Hoiue oj Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
quantity ot two million six hundred and seventy-two thou-
sand two hundred and ten acres of land be grunted, and is
hereby granted, to the State ot Missouri, for puiposes of in-
ternal improvement.
Stu. 2. And be it further enacted, That the one-fourth part
of '•aid land <h ill he applied to the construction of the rail-
road ftom St. Louis to the western froniier of iYji&soun, by
Jefferson city, to he applied thereto by the company chartered
for that purpose by th>; General A^at-mbly of Missouri by the
name of the Pacific Railroad Companj ; and the n«ht and I
title to said fourth part s-hali vest in said company, and j
be applied by the Piestdent and Dirfctors thereof, tor the |
time being, to the construction of said road, and to no other f
purpose whatever. And one other fourth part shall heap- I
plied to the construction of the iailroad from Hannibal to
St. Jo-oph,in the Statt of Missouri, to be applied thertto by
the company chartered for that ptupose hv the General As-
sembly ol Missouri. by the name ot the Hannibal and tft.
Joseph Railroad Company; and the right ami title to said
f mrili part shnH vest in said company, and be applied l>) t lie
President and Directois theieot, for the time being, to the
con-trucuon of slid road, and to no other purpose whatever.
And the lemaintng one-half of the said grant of 
acres, «h.di be applied -to such object* of internal improve-
ment, including the draining of the great swamp m Cape
Girardeau and the other adjacent counties, as the General
Assembly ot Mis-ouu shall order and direct.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted) That the lands so granted
shall be selected within twenty-one miles ot the road, or
object of improvement, to vvhieli their proceeds are applica-
ble, and shall be taken m parcels counnmable to sectional,
or subdivisional sectional lines ; hut no two parcel> shah be
taken adjoining each other,or any one to which the right of
preemption has atiached; and it the quantity granted to
each object, of a quality lit tor cultivation, cannot be found
within twenty-one miles of the road to winch it is applica-
ble, then tiie remainder may be taken, hi like manner, out
of the nextneaiest public lands tit ior cultivation.
Sec. 4. And belt further cnacted, That the selection of the
said granted lands shall be made by an agent, or ag<-nu>, ap-
pointed for that purpose by the Governor ot Missouri, and a
return of the same made to the General Land Ottiee ut
Washington city, subject to be disapproved and disallowed,
if made contrary to the piovi i<ms> of tins. act.
Sec. 5. Awl be it Jut tfur enacted} That a light of way to
the extent of one bundled and titty feet ttom the centre oi
said railroads through the public lands, shall be granted to
said companies; and a copy ot tue location ami suivey oi
the said lailroads shall be nkd in the land ortke of the dis-
tricts through which the s-aid io.uU pa-s, and aUo a copy m
the General Land Office at Washington city.
Sec. 6. And be it Jurthei wartcd, 'i hat if the said rail-
roads, or any one of the objects ot intei nal improvement, to
which said grant ol land is applicable, shall not be cornple-
i ted within ten years from tli« time that the land*, tor such
I object is selected and return thereof made to the Geneial
i Land Office, then the companies aiore«aid, each for xtstli,
and the State, where the State n.->ell conduct.-, the impiove-
ment, shall be bound to pa> to the United States the amount
whi«h may have been received upon the sales made lot the
said unfinished road, the'sale to the puichaser remaining
valid ; and the title to the unsold partot the lands applica-
ble to such unfinished road, shall reinvest m the United
StaK e, to havr and to hold the same in the same manner as
if this act had never parsed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That ihe said railroads
when completed, shall be and remain a public highwa> lor
the use of the Government ot the United State*, i ree from
toll or other charge, upon any properly or troops ot the Uni-
ted States ; and the public mads shall at ail tunes be trans-
ported thereon, under the dncction of the General Po:-i Ol-
fice Department, at such reasonable and just puces as
Congress may, by law, direct. ,
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. CLARKE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; w hich was considered and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the amount rt ceived
Irom the Republic of Peru on account of the indemnity pro-
vided to be p'id in annual instalments by that Ri publ"a,by
the convention concluded in March, 1841; vvnethci any ot
those instalment- aie due and unpaid, aud such fuuher in-
formation a  may he in possession ot the Depaitment of
Stare, relating to the «aul indemnity, in conformity with the
ttruis of said tonvenUun.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was lead and adopted:
Resolved, That the Seeietary ot the Interior be directed to
report the whole annual expense of the Judiciary tor the
Ia i ten years, including the salaries ol judges, and all ex-
penses of the administration of justice in the DistiRt ot
Columbia, for the time afon said.
MILITARY RESERVATION IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved to take up Senate hill
No. 138, entitled " An act to reduce the bounda-
ries of the military reservation in the Teriitory of
Minnesota," which had heretofore passed to a
third reading.
Mr. FELCH. I interposed an objection the
other day, when that bill was on its passage, be-
cause 1 wished to obtain some further information
in relation to it. Since that time, 1 have made ap-
plication at the War Department, in reply to which
I have received some papers. Subsequently, on
Saturday last, I received some additional papers,
which 1 have not yet had time to read. I desire to
examine them, and I purpose,also,to submitthem
to the Senator fiom Illinois, that he, too, may ex-
amine them. Under these circumstances, 1 hope
he will not now press hts motion.
The motion was withdrawn.
CREDENTIALS OF A SENATOR.
Mr. FOOTE presented the credentials of the
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Senator elect from the
Staie ot' Mississippi, for a further term of six
years, from the expiration of his present term of
service; which were read and laid on the table.
HOT SPRINGS IN ARKANSAS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Borland on the 29th ultimo, was taken up arid
adopted;
Resoh ed, That tile Speretary of the Interior bo directed to
eonimiiiucme to the Senate the inlotrnation possessed hy or
propeih wiilnn ihe scope of the department m relation to
the applications of private claimant;, to the Hot Spllllys in
Arkansas, or any pornon of ihe lour section- ot laml'tur-
roundiii2 ihe.-e tpring-, reserved from sale since the 2d of
April, 1832, together with the action of the Genera) Land
Olfioe and ot any other ot the Executive Depaitmentd in
relation to *uch applications.
ROUND ISLAND EXPEDITION.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Da-
vis, of Mississippi, on the 22(1 of January last,
was taken up and adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, as tar as compatible with public interest, to com-
niumcate to the Senate copies of the instructions given and
orders issued m relanon to the assemblage of persons ory
Round Island, east of Mississippi, during the H<mmer of
1849. and the correspondence between the Pr«Mdrnt or
Heads of Departments and the Governor of MiJ-si^ippi and
the officers, naval or military, of tke United States in ref r-
erioe to ihe observaiion, investment, and dispersion of said
assemblage upon said inland.
SILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
House bills of the following titles were read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories:
An act for the construction of certain- roads ir>
the Territory of Minnesota, and for other pur-
poses.
An act to make further appropriations for pub-
lic buildings in Minnesota and Oregon.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS IN THE DISTRICT
OF COLUMBIA.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate took up
for consideration the bill to regulate appeals from
the trial of issues in the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
ftft-med that the bill is reported from the committee
with an amendment. The first question was on
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I undertook to explain that
amendment on a former occasion. The bill pro-
posed, as it originally stood, to give the right of
appeal in all cases that have occurred within the
last five years. The amendment recommended by
the committee is to strike out that retrospective
f( ature of the bill, and make it provide for giving
a right of appeal m ail cases that shall arise here-
after, in contradistinction to all cases that have
arisen.
Mr. WALKER. It will be perceived that the
effect of a concurrence in this amendment will be
to deprive peisons whose causes have been de-
cided of the privilege of an appeal to the Supreme
Court. It is for the Senate to decide whether they
will give to parties who have been, as they think,
suffering an injury within the last five years, the
right of appeal. This is a plain question, and,
it seems to me, it will require but little discussion.
1 think certain gentlemen have considered >t long
enough to have formed their opinion as to what is
proper to be done. For one, I am opposed to the
amendment, and I shall vote against it. 1 am in
favor of giving this right of appeal to persons
who think they have been injured, and 1 can see
no harm that will result from it; and it occurs to
me that none but those who fear to have the
causes reviewed can be opposed to the bill as it
stands. If the decisions -have been right they
will be affirmed, and if wrong, they will be re-
versed.
While I am up I will advert for a moment to
the argument made the other day by the Senator
from South Carolina. He contended that, to give
this bill a retroactive effect, will be to disturb
vested rights. One case was alluded to where an
appeal was made from the Orphans' Court to the
Circuit Court, the issue being, whether there was a
marriage or not. The objection raised against
that case does not obtain in this bill. In that case,
the widow, or the one who claimed to be the
widow, applied for letters of administration, to
which she was entitled under the law, if she was
a widow, in preference to anybody else. This
case was sent from the Orphans' Court to the
Circuit Court, and it was there decided that "there
was not a marriage, and, consequently, adminis-
j tration was not granted to her, but to another
| person.
! Now, if the Senator from South Carolina will
| reflect upon the subject, he will find that if thede-
; cision of the Circuit Court shall be reversed, it
| will not undo any act of the administrator to
whom letters of administration ware granted. His
acts will remain good. And if it is found that
there was an error in the decision of the Circuit
Court, and a verdict shall be given that there was
a marriage, the administration of the person who
has had powers of administration will stand.
Letters tie bonis non will be issued. The law, in
reversing the decision, never goes behind the acts
of the former administrator, and so far a3 he has
acted, his acts will be good. This is a fact which
every one whose attention is called to it will admit,
that the decision does not for a moment set aside
