imo.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one act of the administrator, aed that letters on
the estate not administered upon will be granted;
and so far as it has not been administered upon,
the new administrator or administratrix will go
on and administer the residue. There is, then, no
weight, as it appears to me, m the objections
which have been taken to a case of this, kind.
Here are no vested rights to be divested, and the
. business will go on and be concluded by other
hands than those by which the first administra-
tion was established, and those who are connected
with it in the way of business will be in no case
affected
JVlr DOWNS. When this bill was before us,
on a former occasion, objection was urged by the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
against it, on the ground that it was unconstitu-
tional or dangerous, or unusual, to legislate with
regard to a case which had already been decided.
Now, to show that that opinion is not well-found-
ed, I wish to read to the Senate an extract from
an opinion of the Supreme Court, rendered upon
the very case referred to by the Senator fiom
Arkansas. This case was taken up to the Su-
preme Court once, and it was decided that it
had not jurisdiction, because the right of a writ of
error had not been given to them. But, in that
very case, they clearly suggest that a remedy
might be granted by the Legislature, and refer to
the State of Maryland as having made provision
for a similar case. Here is the extract, which
1 will read:
" Whatever errors therefore may have heen committed,
and however apparent they may be in the record, yet we
have not the power to correct them, ut'less ihe Circuit
Court has passed a final judgment, or decree, in the cau&e
before it.
" The act of Assembly of Maryland appears to have re-
ceived in practice in thai State the >ame construction that
we have piven to it. There if, indeed, mo judicial opinion
on the subject, but there is no ground for supposing that a
writ of error wa- ever sued out under that law. In 1832, an
act was passed authorizing a writ ot error in such cases,
and staying proceedings in the inferior courts until a de-
cision wa< had in the appellate court., and thi  law embraces
eases which had been tried before its pa-sage, as welt as
those vv hieh should afterwards take place."
Now, Mr. President, weighty as is the author-
ity of the honoiable chairman of the committee,
whose long experience and high judicial attain-
ments entitle it to consideration, we find this is
against his opinion, and it is clearly demonstrated
that the case referred to is a common one, and one
which requires in justice a rehearing. In Mary-
land a special act was passed similar to this, and
a writ of error was given and it was taken up to
their higher courts, and sanctioned and approved
and has-had ns effect. 1 can see no impropriety
in ihis act, and I am sure that justice requires it.
I wish in addition to introduce other authority.
This bill or a similar bill has been before Congress
for some time. At a former session of Congress
a bill was presented on this subject by one of the
Senators from Maryland, [iVIr. Johnson,] now
Attorney General of the United States, which con-
tamed precisely the same provision which is in
this bill. Here is the bill as reported by Mr.
Johnson, in 1847:
" Be it enacted. $c., That in all cases now pending, or
which may hereafter arne where an i-eue or issues have
been or may be sent by the Orphans' Court of the L)Mr ctof
Columbia. l*oi Washington county, and where any party or
parties m the trial a'oresaid June taken or shall take and
tender, any exception or exceptions to any opinion of the
court before whom such is-ue or issues shall he tried, after
veidict rendered on such issue or issues, and 'ppeal from
such opinion ptayed, or writ of error sued out by the parly
excepting as aforesaid, a transcript of the matter and pro-
ceedings in «aid circuit court, and of said bill or bills of ex-
ception, shall by the clerk of said circuit court be tran<mn- ,
ted to the Supreme Court of the United States; and iffcatd
. Supieiue Couit shall overrule any opinion aforesaid of said
circuit court, said Supreme Court shall, by order or man-
date, remand the case and proceedings to the circuit court
for a new trial, in conformity with the opinion of said Su-
preme Court, on each and every exception so taken, and
thereupon said circuit court shall proceed anew with the
trial of said isruc or issu s."
This clearly shows that that bill, as reported by
him and sanctioned by his authority, was intro-
duced seveial years ago. I think, therefore, the
objection taken by the chairman of the committee
is unfounded. I think it is competent for Con-
gress to pass such an act, and there is no insuper-
able constitutional objection to it. If there was
any doubt about the expediency of passing such
an act, when the subject was up before, it is now
the unanimous opinion of the people of this Dis-
trict thai the decisions of the lower courts should
not be binding, and that the whole system should
be remodelled, and that great injustice has been
heretofore done. I think the Senate and fcongress
ought not to hesitate, and 1 hope the bill will be
passed Without the amendment. Sioce these me-
morials have been presented, 1 h,ave had occasion
tojook into the judicial business of this District,
and l think i am authorized in saying that m the
whole history of the United States, there never
was a community so ill used, or that suffered so
much from an improper or an inadequate judicial
system as the people of this District. 1 do not
refer to this as conclusive, but I think there are
other and stronger reasons why Congress should
npt make the decrees of this court final, i think
a remedy is needed, and I hope one will be provi-
ded before the close of this session.
Mr. CLAY, i am veiy sorry to interfere in
this matter, but I feel it to be my duty to move to
lay this subject on the table, with a view to take
up the California bill.
Mr. HALE. I hope not now. I hope we shall
have a vote on this bill.
Mr. DOWNS. I think there will be no further
discussion.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make a remark
which relates to an entirely personal matter con-
cerning the judges of this Distuct, and which in
justice to them should be made.
Mr. CLAY. I would withdraw the motion
with pleasure, if it were to accommodate the honor-
able Senator alone, but i see there aie several
Senatois who are disposed to debate the subject
further.
Mr. WALKER. I would ask the Senator from
Kentucky to change his motion so as tp make it
the order of the day tor half past twelve o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY. There is another question for
that hour.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor trom Llentucky that he allow the Senator from
South Carolina to make the remark he proposes,
with the understanding that he will renew the mo-
tion made by him.
Mi. FOOTE. Let it be understood that a
speech may be made in reply if he intends to dis-
cuss the results of a certain judicial decision.
Mr. CLAY. 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr. BUTLER, i am not in the habit of going
off and making discursive remarks on the subjects
not before the Senate, and when my Inends inti-
mate that f shall go beyond what is proper or
parliamentary, they are mistaken. All I rose to
say in connection with this subject was, that the
judges of this Dismet—i know nothing of them,
out i will not prejudge them—should uot be con-
demned without a hearing. There never was a
wiser remark than that of iSicodemus: "Dotti our
law judge any man before it heareth him r" These
gentlemen, the other day, were spoken of in a
way to wound their feelings, and they have writ-
ten me a letter in which, i am bounu to bay, they
ask the fullest and most thorough investigation.
I wilt not prejudge them, or do injustice to them
in any form. On the other hand, i do not stand
as an advocate to vindicate their decisions, fur 1
know nothing of them, i only say these gentle-
men have courted investigation; and this 1 think
is due to them, i lenew the motion of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky.
The motion was agreed to, and the subject was
laid upon the table.
Mr. CLAY. 1 move now that the Senate pro- j
ceed to the consideration of the special order of j
the day, which is the bill for the admission of j
California. !
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky will give way for a moment,
in order that the Senate may take up the resolution
which was assigned for Tuesday last, and which
was then, again, to suit the convenience of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, assigned
for Thursday,and which, owing to the melancholy
death of the Senator from South Carolina, was not
then entertained. *
Mr. CLAY. I will withdraw the motion if the
Senator from Maine will renew it.
Mr. BRADBURY. Certainly I will; and I
now move that the resolution which was made the
special order for Thursday last be taken up for the
purpose of making it the special ot der for to-mor-
row at half-past twelve o'clock, with the view that
it be then acted upon.
11 The motion was agreed to.
j| Mr. BRADBURY. I now move th^t the further
i consideration ot the resolution be postponed till
j to-morrow at half-past twelve o'clock, and made
the special order of the day for that time. ' '*
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
On the motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the-Setmte
resumed the consideration of the bill for the.admis-
sion of California as a State into the Union, to
!: establish territorial governments for Uta^i and New
1 Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for the
1 establishment of her western and northern .bound*
j aries.
j' The pending question was on the following
: amendment, offered by the Senator from Ohio
! [Mr. CHASEjtotheamendmentol'theSenatorfrom
■ Mississippi, [Mr. Davis:]
I " Provided jurtticr, Tliat nothing herein contained shall
be cunrirueil as authorizing or p* nniun^ the introduction
, o! shivery or the holding ol person.- as pruperty within caui
•| Terrilory."
i, Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, mindful of the
j! call made upon .me the other day by the honorable
Se.nator from Kentucky, I have attempted to pre-
! pare, with what feeble abilities J could command,
j some three or four sections as a substitute for ttis
j third section of the bill lelating to California.
I That substitute I wish now may be laid upon the
:! table in oi;der that it may be printed, and w,ith a
!j view to have it tajien up hereafter, when J may
II subnjit to the consideration of the Senate some
ji few observations in support of it. I will read it'.
■; After the word "government," in the title of
; the bill, insert the words " South California," and
strike out the first, second, and third sections of
, the bill, and insert the following:
i1 .
'i u Beit enacted, That as soon a-s California shall hav§
' passi d in convention an ordinance providing—
"That she relinquishes ai! title or claim to tax, dispose
. of. nriiianv way io interfere with the priniaiy dirposal by
; the United Slates of the public domain within her limits,
j! "That she will not intei pose her authority and power so
| as to disturb or impede; any control which the United States
j■ may deem advisable to exercise over such district*, in the
(; milting region, either now discovered or to be discovered
\ hucaller, as may not be included in any lawful grant made
; to private individuals or to corporations prior to Hie session
; of California to the United Slates.
" That the land of the non-re&idents shall never be taxed
I higher than those of residents.
"That the navigable waters shall be open and free to jail
j: citizens of the United States, tho&e of California included.
II " That the southern limits shall be restricted to the Mis-
; souri compromise line, (36° 30' north latitude.)
!' " And as *oon as she shrill have produeedto the President
I j of the United State1 satisfactory and authentic evidence th, t
| the terms here set forth have been fully and exactly complied
}. witli, th«' President of the United States be and ne is hereby
| authorized and requested, without any further action on the
part of Congress, to issue lus proclamation, declaring that
j! California is, and that she shall thereupon be admitted into
tne Umon upon an equal footing with the ougiuat States in
all respects whatever,
! "Sec. 2. Be it enacted) $c., That such portion of the reve
j' nue collected in tne ports ol California as may remain une.x
| j penaed at the time of the ist-mng of the President's proclaims-
' uon a  aloresaid,shall be paid over to the &aid State oftali-
j| fornia.
jj " Sec. 3. Be it enacted, 4"c > That the Senators and -Rep-
:j resentatives elect now before Congress for tf$e sJ^id State oi
| California shall be entitled to receive, and receive th«
; mileage and the per diem pay allowed to the Delegate from
ji tne Territory of Oregon, from the day that the message of
|! the President transmittingthe Constitution of California
ji received by Congress.
H "Sec. 4. Beit mat/crf, 4'c., That the comUr) lying between
!j 30® 361 of nojfh latitude and the boundary line between
j Mexico and the United StHtes established by the treaty of
I Guadalupe Hidalgo, and extending liom the Pacific to the
j j Sierra Nevada, &h:dl constitute a Territory undrr the name
it of the Territory or South California, and shall he or-zanizrd
|i as such under the provinons <>! tins bill applying to the Ter-
!' ritury of Utah, (changing names where they ought to be
1 changed,) m all respects whatsoever,and shall,when read},
i] able, and willing to bect^ne a State, and de-irm? to be such,
1 be admitted into the Union, with or without slavery, as the
people thereof may desire and make known through their
ij constitution."
j! i ask leave to Jay this paper upon the table, in
j! order that it may be printed.
The amendment was accordingly ordered to lie
J upon the table, and the motion to print was agreed
'!t0,
' Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I am very happy
\] to perceive a disposition cn the part of ihose op-
|| posed to the bill to present to the Senate and the
!i country a contre projet. The honorable Senator
from Louisiana has done so on Uns-oceasion, and
I think, if he will ajlow me to say so, that he acts
much more in conformity to the duty which eve:y
member owes to this body, whether he be in the
j minority or in the majoiity, to present a projet
'• rather than to present himself, and say, wWe are
