1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3t
in the minority, and we are not bound to offer any
proposition." I am happy to see that the Senator
from Louisiana has taken a different view of what
he deems to be his duty on this occasion, and has
presented us with thh amendment. I shall not
now anticipate any discussion which may arise
out of his proposition. It will be taken up in the
progress of the bill, and after it has been duly con-
sidered, I dare say that every Senator will be found
to express his opinion or give his vote according
to his sense of duty. At present I suppose it is
not intended to interrupt the progress of the bill,
and the immediate amendments before us—the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi, with
the other amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
On that amendment, the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CHASE, (in his seat.) They have already
been ordered.
Mr. HALE. I do not rise to make a speech,
but merely to offer an explanation which is due to
my friend from Ohio who moved this amendment.
In the remarks which I made the other day I sug-
gested to the Senate that I thought it would be
better to meet all these amendments openly, and
not to come at them by' circumlocutory amend-
ments. I did not at all mean to imply that I was
not pleased with the amendment of my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Chase.] On the contrary, I think it
was eminently necessary to meet the amendment
offered by the Senator from Mississippi. All that
I wished to say was, that I preferred a direct vote;
and that in that vote 1 hoped we would have a
proposition which we could understand. But, in-
asmuch as the Senator from Mississippi made his
proposition, I think the Senator from Ohio has not
only appropriately but necessarily made his, to
meet the contingencies implied in that of the Senator
ficm Mississippi.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to say one word be-
fore this part of the bill is voted upon. 1 must
confess that [ rather regretted that a clause had
been introduced into this bill providing that the
territorial governments should not legislate in re-
spect to African slavery. The position that I have
ever taken has been, that this and all other ques-
tions relating to the domestic affairs and domestic
policy of the territories ought to be left to the decis-
ion of the people themselves, and that we ought
to be content with whatever way they may decide
the question, because they have a much deeper
interest in these matters than we have, and know
much better what institutions suit them than we,
who have never been there, can decide for them. 1
would therefore have much preferred that that
portion of the bill should have remained as it was
reported from the Committee on Territories, with
no provision on the subject of slavery the one way
or the other; and 1 do hope yet that that clause in
the bill will be stricken out I am satisfied, sir,
that it gives no strength to the bill; I am satisfied,
even if it did give stiength to it, that it ought not
to be theie, because it is a violation of principle—
a violation of that principle upon which we have
all rested our defence of the course we have taken
on this question. I do not see how those of us
who have taken the position which we have taken,
(ihatof non-mtetference,) and have argued m favor
of the right of the people to legislate for themselves
on this question, can support such a provision
without abandoning all the arguments which we
urged in the presidential campaign in the year
1848, and the principles set forth by thehonoiable
Senator from Michigan in that tetter which is
known as the u Nicholson letter." We are re-
quired to abandon that platform; we are required
to abandon those principles, and to stultify our-
selves and to adopt the opposite doctrine—and for
what? In order to say that the people of the ter-
ritories shall not have such institutions as they
shall deem adapted to their condition and their
wants. 1 do not see, sir, how such a provision as
that can be acceptable either to the people of the
North or the South. Besides, it settles nothing;
it leaves it a mattei of doubt and uncertainty what
is to be the condition of things under the bill; and
whatever shall be ascertained to be the condition
in respect to slavery, it may turn out that while
the law is held to be one way, the people of the
territory are unanimous the other way.
And, sir, is an institution to be fixed upon a
people in opposition to their unanimous opinion ?
Or are the people by our action here to be deprived
of a law which they unanimously desire, and yet
have no power to remedy the evil? I, for one,
think that such ought not to be the case. In my
own opinion I have no doubt as to what the law
would be under that provision; but if I were left
to the exercise of my own judgment and to carry
out my own principles, I desire no provision what-
ever in respect to the institution of slavery in the
territories. I wish to leave the people of the ter-
ritories free to enact just such laws as they please'
in respect to this institution. On this one point
I am not left to follow my own judgment nor my
own desire. I am to express the will of my con-
stituents, which has been solemnly pronounced.
My vote, sir, will be in accordance with their in-
structions; but I desire that that vote shall be given
upon the direct question; to come fairly up to these
instructions, and not to this indirect; mode, which
settles nothing, whether it is adopted or rejected.
Mr. DOWjN'S. I am very sorry, sir, to hear
the honorable Senator from Illinois say that there
is anythingin this bill, or in the amendments made
to this section by the committee, that is in viola-
tion of the principle of non-intervention declared
in the .Nicholson letter of the honorable Senator
from Michigan. I thought, sir, it was the very
thing. The ground it is put upon in the report, as
I contended the other day, I thought made it pre-
cisely of this construction. I find, Mr. President,
that 1 was not alone in this construction of it; for
the press throughout the country, the Democratic
press especially, have universally considered the
question as to the territories precisely as one ac-
cording with the views of the honorable Senator
from Michigan. But, sir, if the meaning of that
letter is to be frittered away in that way—and
there have been some explanations in regard to that
letter—if the very foundation of that letter is to be
taken away, 1 shali regret it deeply, because I give
a different construction to it.
I regret deeply that the honorable Senator from
Illinois cannot concur in the amendment offered
by the committee on the subject. I was surprised
when the territorial bill was reported to find that
this principle was not contained m it. And I sup-
posed that it was more an inadvertency than any
deliberate intention to leave out what had been
considered so important on this question. 1 hope,
sir, that on lurther reflection the honorable Senator
will riot peisist m opposition to this clause of the
tenth section reported by the committee. If he
does, he changcs the whole foundation of the report
ef the committee; he makes it a different thing
altogether; and 1 submit it to him now to reflect,
whatever our impressions may have been on this
principle heretofore, that he conceives under the
practice which he had under it for twelve months,
that the people of the territory, under any circum-
stances, could form a constitution and exclude
emigration from the South—1 ask him if it can be
supposed likely that the South will calmly acqui-
esce in a principle which would ceitamly exclude
them? I ask him if he can suppose, if we strike
out this provision, when it is well known that the
feeling of a large majority of the people of New
Mexico is in favor of the abolition of slavery, that the
South will acquiesce in such a proposit on ? I say,
for one, sir, if the Wilmot proviso is to be preferred,
if it is to be imposed, impose it here, but do not
authorize it indirectly by introducing such.sections
m that hill without the amendment of the commit-
tee. I hope, then, that if there is'a desire to pass
this bill, there may be some general concurrence
on the one side or on the other ; butl will say this,
that if each Senator is to oppose this bill because
there is some clause in it which docs not square with
his impressions, we had better let it drop at once.
It can never pass if such a course be pursued.
I will not longer occupy the time ot the Senate
in discussing this subject; but I could not let the
remarks of my friend the Senator from Illinois pass
without expressing my extreme sorrow at the
position which he takes in reference to these
amendments. ]
Mr. CHASE. I should not add a word to what i
i have already said upon this amendment, were it i
not that some misapprehension appears to pievail I
in certain quarters in regard to it. Several Sena- J
tors, when the amendment was originally mtro- :
duced, exclaimed " That is the Wilmot proviso."
It is no such thing, i introduced it for the pur-
pose, and only for the purpose, of meeting and
denying the proposition declared by the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] to be embodied in
the amendment which he presented.
The bill reported by the committee contained an
express prohibition of territorial legislation in re-
spect to African slavery. It so happens that
hardly any two gentlemen who have spoken upon
the subject of that prohibition have agreed as to
its import; and it was for the purpose, as 1 sup-
posed, of fixing its construction, or at least of sug-
gesting, and at the same time, warranting a par-
ticular construction, that the honorable Senator
from Mississippi moved his amendment. That
amendment has been materially modified in the
various stages of the discussion. As it now stands,
it provides that the territorial legislature shall
neither introduce nor exclude slavery, but shall
have power to legislate for the protection of prop-
erty of every kind which may be introduced into
or held in the territory, conformably to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States.
Mr. President, what does this language mean ?
Shall we advance a single step towards a clear and
unambiguous declaration of legislative intention if
we adopt this amendment? Undoubtedly, the in-
tent would be clear enough if ail agreed with the
Senator from Mississippi, that the terms " prop-
erty of every kind held within or brought into the
territories in conformity with the Constitution and
laws of the United States" included property in
slaves. But, sir, that is not agreed. On the con-
trary, I apprehend that a very large proportion of
Senators present, if not a decided majority, are of
opinion that slaves cannot be introduced and held
as property within the territories acquired from
Mexico, under the Constitution and existing laws
of the Union. The amendment of the Senator,
therefore, is as liable to misconstruction, and is of
as doubtful import as the original clause. Now,
sir, I desire to have a distinct expression of the
sense of the Senate as to the import of this amend-
ment; for this purpose I do not offer the Wilmot
proviso. An honorable Senator, [Mr. Seward,]
at an early stage of this debate, and during your
tempory absence, Mr. President, from the chair,
did propose that proviso as a substitute for the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi, and
his motion was declared to be out of order. Of
course I do not undertake to introduce again that
proposition. It is not the proper time, nor would
it serve my purpose. But I do offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, which meets and negatives the proposi-
tion that the right to carry slaves into the territory,
and hold and dispose of them there as property,
is covered and secured by the Senator's amend-
ment, or the original clause, as reported by the
committee. Those Senators who think that under
the original provision of the bill, or under thi3
amendment of the Senator, slaves may be intro-
duced into the territory, or persons held there as
property, who see nothing undesirable in that re-
sult, will of course vote against my restrictive
proposition. But I do not see how any Senator
can refuse to vote for it, who holds the opinion,
frequently expressed here, that neither the original
clause, nor the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, when rightly construed, will warrant
slavery in the territories, or who is unwilling to
see slavery established there as the effect and re-
sult of legislation here. Such a vote will only give
expression, and effect the professed wish and pur-
pose of such a Senator. It will not be a vote for
| the prohibition of slavery, m the territories. It
i will be a vote that slavery shall not be established
[ there by the bill or the amendment, under a con-
! struction which many Senators insist upon as the
| true one, and which, there is some reason to fear,
| may be held to be the true one by the Judiciary,
i as now constituted.
I It was for the purpose of negativing this con-
struction, or rather, as I said at the. first, of ex-
| eluding the conclusion of the leading friends of the
amendment, that I introduced the pending amend-
ment to it. If th^t conclusion ought to be exclu-
ded, then the proposition I have submitted ought
to be adopted. If that conclusion ought not to be
excluded; if the construction that the Senatorfrom
Mississippi puts on the amendment be the true con-
struction, and one which Senators desire to have
carried out into its practical results, then my propo-
sition should be rejected.
I have made these remarks in order that the
amendment 1 have offered to the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi may be clearly under-
stood. 1 have nothing further to say.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The difference
