1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
between the two amendments is briefly this. Mine
proposes to give to the territorial legislature power
tp protect property ot' every kind which may be
introduced into the territory under the laws and
Constitution of the United States. The Senator
from Ohio, true to hid instinct, comes in with a
proposition to exclude slaves, if that is property
which may be introduced under the Constitution
and laws of the United States, Then, Mr. Presi-
dent, the difference is this. I stand upon the
ground which 1 have always held, that we are to
be permitted to enjoy our rights under the Consti-
tution. I do not ask Congress what is the true
legal construction of the Constitution, i .stand
upon the doctrine of non-intervention as it was ori-
ginally understood; that doctrine which prevents
Congress from interfering to take from any man
those rights which he holds under the Constitution,
but which has been perverted to mean that this Gov-
crnment shall not give the protection of its shield
equally to all those rights which have equal claim
to shelter under it. There is a great distinction be-
tween this Government intervening to decide what
is property, intervening to decide what are consti-
tutional rights, and coming forward to give that
protection which every citizen has a right to claim
from every government to which he gives his sup-
port. The distinction, then, M*r. President, be-
tween the position of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Chase] and myself is, that he calls upon Congress
to intervene against rights which we may have
under the Constitution, and to declare thatacertain
species of property held within the States is riot
property recognized by the Constitution, and,
therefore, which there is no right to Handler into
the teiritories. I ask'that the territorial legislature
shall protect property of every kind. My opinion
is, that that under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, slave property may go into the ter-
ritories, but I do not ask Congress to decide
whether my opinion is-correct or not. I ask Con-
gress only for the protection of rights wherever
rights exist. The distinction is a very broad one.
That which I have proposed, I have met fully and
openly, and covered entirely in every modification
which the amendment has undergone since it was
introduced.
A word now to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas.] It is to his argument that I aduress
myself. The difference between that Senator and
myself consists in who are a people. The Sena-
tor says that the inhabitants of a territory have a
right lo decide what their institutions shall be.
When? By what authority ? How many ot them?
Does the Senator tell me, as he said once before,
from the authority of God? Then one man goes
into a* territory and establishes the fundamental
law fop all time to come, it would then be un-
questionably the unanimous opinion of what that
law should be; and are all the citizens of the
United States, joint owners of that territory, to be
excluded because one man chooses to exclude all
others who might come there. That is the doc-
trine, carried out to its fullest extent. I claim that
a people having sovereignty over a territory, have
power to decide what their institutions shall be.
That is the Democratic doctrine, as 1 have always
understood it, and, under our Constitution, the in-
habitants of the territories acquire that right when-
ever the United States surrender the sovereignty to
them by consenting that they shall become States
of the Union, and they have no such right before.
The difference, then, between the Senator from
Illinois and myself is the point at which the people
do possess and may assert this right. It is not
the inhabitants of the territory, but the people as
a political body, the people organized, who have
the right; and, on becoming a State, by the au-
thority of the United States, exercising sovereignty
over the territory, they may establish a funda-
mental law for all time to come.
Then again the Senator stales what, during the
fast presidential canvass, was his position in rela-
tion to the doctrine of non-intervention. 1 am
sorry to hear him state it as he has. 11 non-inter-
vention means that the Government shall refuse
protection to property, then, sir, upon what basis
rests the right of taxation; whence arises theclaim
to personal service of citizens? There must be
mutual obligations—support from one, protection
from the other. Whatever section has its property
excluded from this protection by the Government
has a right, from that day forth, to withhold all
further support. What claim, sir, has the Govern-
ment to the assistance and support of the citizens if
it refuses them protection? And what are all the
great principles of our Constitution if they are
transferred to a Government without power to use
them.' If this Federal Government, to which the
States have transferred their authority over the
ProPfty belonging to them in the territories of
the United States, is stopped by such a principle
as is here declared by the Senator from Illinois
from exercising that authority, I would ask, what
is the value of the trust? What the power of our
agent? It stands at the mercy of every group of
men who may find themselves conglomerated in
any territory of the United States, and is rendered
unable to discharge the trust which has been con-
ferred upon it. Willing or unwilling, as the case
may be, to render that justice to one part of the
owners of the public domain which another re-
ceives, and all have equal right to demand.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Mississippi
puts a question to me as to what number of people
there must be in a territory before this right to
govern themselves accrues. Without determining
the precise number, I will assume that the right
ought to accrue to the people at the moment they
have enough to constitute a government; and, sir,
the bill assumes that there are people enough there
to require a government, and enough to authorize
the people to govern themselves, if, sir, there are
enough to require a government, and to authorize
you to allow them to govern themselves, there are
enough to govern themselves upon the subject of
negioes as well as concerning other species of
property and other descriptions of institutions.
Your bill concedes that government is necessary.
Your bill concedes that a representative govern-
ment is necessary—a government founded upon
principles of popular sovereignty, and the right of
the people to enact their own laws; and for this
reason you give them a legislature constitued of
two branches, like the legislatures of the different
States and Territories ot the Union; you confer
upon them the right to legislate upon all rightful
subjects of legislation, except negroes. Why ex-
cept negroes? Why except African slavery? If
the inhabitants are competent to govern themselves
upon all other subjects, and in reference to all other
descriptions of property; if they are competent to
regulate the laws in reference to master and ser-
vant, and parent and child, and commercial laws
affecting the rights and property of citizens, they
are competent also to enact laws to govern them-
selves in regard to slavery and negroes. Why,
when you concede the fact that they are entitled
to any government at all, you concede the points
that are contended for here.
But the Senator from Mississippi says that he
is contending for a principle that requires Congress
to protect property, but that 1 am contending
against it. Not at all, sir. I desire to give them
such a government as wilt enable them to protect
property of every kind and description. I wish
to make no exception. He desires to make an
exception.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The government contended
for authorizes them to protect property in horses,
in cattle, in merchandise, and property of every
kind and description, real and personal; but the
Senator from Mississippi says that you must ex-
clude'African slavery.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; he said no such thing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He excepted 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. With the Sena-
tor's permission, I u ill explain. He is attacking
the bill, but I had nothing to do with the bill,except
to try and better it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I begin to discover my error.
I am holding the Senator responsible for the work
of the committee of thirteen. s
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) It was a very great
error.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was making war upon him
by mistake. I must pay my respects to the
committee of thirteen. They make the distinction
that the people of the territory are to govern them-
selves m respect to the right m all kinds of prop-
erty but African slaves, i want to know why this
exception? Upon what principle is it made?
What is the necessity for it? is itnotas important
as any other right in property ? Why, then, saould
it be excepted and reserved? And, sir, if you re-
serve it, to whom do you reserve it? To this
Congress ? No, sir; you deny it to the people, and
you deny it to the Government here; and here is
to be one species of property, oi)e description of
institution-. 
Mr. DOWNS. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. I yield the floor.
Mr. DOWNS. -J ask the Senator whether he
did not vote for and approve of the Clayton com-
promise bill?
Mr. DOUGLAS. That would not prove a great
deal. I suppose, if I did, that it would not provfc
that this was right or wrong; but, I will answer
the Senator's question. I struggled then, as I do.
now, for the principle that I am contending for.
That bill was hatched up, in my absence, from a
necessity which all will acknowledge. I got back
here just time enough to vote on the question; and,
after all other things had failed: after the principle
I contended for had failed, I did vote for that
bill, rather than to have no government at all. I
preferred that bill to leaving the people, as they
have been left, without a government. But, sir,
whilst that was the case, I did not approve then of
that principle, and I do not approve of it now; and
I put the question to the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Downs] whether he cannot give me a better
answer, for this exception as to the right of the
people, than that I had from necessity, when forced
upon me by others, voted for a bill containing such
a clause, rather than to leave the people without a
government, and have the country kept in a state
of strife and agitation?
Mr. DOWNS. I merely wish to say, in reply
to the Senator, that the reasons why 1 think this
exception ought to be made were contained in the
remarks which I made the other day. He will
find all I have to say upon the subject there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, Mr. President, I have
a word to say to the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davie.] He insists that I am not
in favor of protecting property, and that his
amendment is offered for the purpose of protecting
property under the Constitution. Now, sir, I ask
you what authority he has for assuming that? Do
I not desire to protect property because I wish to
allow these people to pass such laws as they deem
proper respecting their rights in property without
any exception ? He might just as well say that I
am opposed to protecting property in merchandise,
in steamboats, in cattle, in real estate, as to say
that 1 am opposed to protecting property of any
other description; for 1 desire to put them all on
an equality, and allow the people to make their
own laws in respect to the whole of them. But
the difference is this: He desires an amendment
which he thinks will recognize the institution of
slavery in the territories as now existing in this
country. 1 do not believe it exists there now by
law. i believe it is prohibited there by law at this
time, and the effect, if not the object of his amend-
ment, wuuld be to introduce slavery by law into a
country from which I think a large majority of
this Senate are of opinion it is now excluded, and
he calls upon us to vote to introduce it theie. The
Senator from Kentucky, who brought forw^ird this
compromise, tells us that he can never give a vote
by which he will introduce slavery where it does
not exist. Other Senators have declared the same
thing, to an extent which authorizes us to assume
that the majority of this Senate will never extend
slavery by law into territory now free. What,
then, mu.st be the effect of the adoption of the pro-
vision offered by the Senator from Mississippi?
It would be the insertion of a provision that
must infallibly defeat the bill, deprive the people
of the territories of government, leave them in a
state of anarchy, and keep up excitement and
agitation in this country. I do not say, nor
would I intimate, that such is the object of the
Senator from Mississippi. 1 know that he has
another and a different object, an object which
he avows. That object is to extend the insti-
tution of slavery to this territory, or rather, as
he believes it to be already carried there by law,
to continue its legal existence in the territory.
But, sir, I do not hold the doctrine that to excludd
any species of property by law from'any territory
is a violation of any right to property. Do you
not exclude banks from most of the territories ?
Do you not exclude whiskey from beirg intro-
duced into large portions of the territory of the
United States? Do you not exclude gambling
tables, which are properly recognized as such in
the States where they are tolerated ? And has
