1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*
(Mr B.) no questions as to what his course would
be; but they expressed the fear which they enter-
tained, th ii, should he be elected Speaker, he
would organ ze the Committees on the District of
Columbia, on the Judiciary, and on the Terri-
tories, in such a manner as tjjat they should be
made up of southern men; that the views and
opinions of the party which these gentlemen rep-
resented would be stifled in committee; and that
there would be no opportunity of presenting their
views in committee, and no opportunity of bring-
ing them before the Housa.
In reply to the expression of these fears, he had
stated to these gentlemen that he had not made any
pledges to any individual aa to the committee upon
which he 3Hould be placed. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and the gentleman from New York,
had frankly and openly expressed their desiie to
him not to be placed on either of these committees.
All they had asked—all they had expressed a de-
sire to have—was, that the committees which he
had designated should be so constituted as that
every section of the Union might be fairly repre-
sented—the Wilmot proviso men, and the anti-
Wilmot proviso mm. He had stated to these
gentlemen that he would so constitute these com-
mittees as that all Fcctions of the Union should be
represented. This much he had stated, and by that
position he would abide now. They had asked a
fair representation of all interests and all opinions
—nothing more. I: he had desired to put into the
hands of these gentlemen that with which they
might go forth and break the heads of those who j'
differed from them—if he had desired to furnish ]
opportunity and cause of complaint against the |
South, his policy would be, to constitute these j(
committees of southern men, and to take these i
eight (Free-Soil) gentlemen and put them away !
on the corners of some unimportant committees. |
On the subject of slavery in the District of j
Columbia, he would ask permission to state to j
the House the ground which he had taken before
his constituents, when he was a candidate for a
seat in this House.
Mr. BURT interposed, and said that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Brown] would allow
him to suggest, that he had yielded the floor to
him in order to give him an opportunity of pro-
ducing the correspondence which had been re-
ferred to. He (Mr. B ) wished to see that cor-
respondence. [Cries ftom all quarters—"Give
us the correspondence"—"let him explain"—
" the letters," &c.]
Mr. BROWN, (continuing.) He would, he
said, introduce the letter in a few moments; but,
before doing so, he desired to make a very brief
explanation of the position he had occupied before
his constituents. [Criea of " Go on"—"the let-
ters," &c.]
Mr. BROWN resumed. His competitor for a
seat in this House was a Whig, and a strong ad-
vocate of the Wilmot proviso. He represented
a district where there was a large number—some
persons said as high as tluee or four hundred—
of Free-Soil votes, out and out. He did not get
these votes, because he would not go so far as his
competitor had gone. That gentleman had taken
the ground that "General Taylor, by his letter, was
in favor of thf Wilmot proviso, and that if he did
not sign a bill incorporating that proviso, it would
be because the doughfaces would prevent its
going to Sum. All I said was, that although I be-
lieved it to be unnecessary, and although I had
heretofore always been opposed to it, and did not
expect to vote for it—yet, that ( saw no objection
to poking the Wilmot proviso to Old Zack, and
seeing what he would do with it. He (Mr. B.)
was very anxious to see the question settled;
although, as he had sta'ed, he himself would al-
ways oppose the pro\iso.
The question came up on the subject of slavery
in the District of Columbia, lie had said that he
was a Democrat—that he did not wish to inter-
fere with the question—but that, if the people of
the District of Columbia thought proper to give
their suffrages m favor of the abolition of ah very
within its limits, he would have no objection to
give them an opportunity to vote upon the ques-
tion, as had been done in Kentucky and some
other States of the Union.
With the permission of the House, he would
now read the letter.
[During these remarks, and during almost tne
entire day, great confusion and excitement pre-
vailed through the House, rendering an accurate ,
statement of the proceedings and debates exceed- |
ingly difficult. Members did not keep their seats, !
but gathered in large bodies round the member ;
who held the floor, enhancing greatly the ordinary !j
difficulties of the reporter's duties.] !
Mr. BROWN was about to commence reading j
a letter which he held in his hand. j;
Some members on both sides of the House, ,!
who had retained their seats, called upon the mem- t
bers in the aisles to take their seats. ;i
The Clerk seconded this request, but with no i;
great success.
Mr. BROWN commenced reading his letter of
reply to a letter which had been addressed to him !
by Mr. Wilmot. ■
Demands were made in different sections of the
House, that the Clerk, and not the member, should
read the letter.
Mr. BROWN expressed confidence that he ,,
could make himself heard all over the House.
A call was tflso made for the reading of the let- i
terto which this letter wasa reply; but Mr. Brown jj
stated that he had not a copy of that letter with
him. ' , ••
Mr. B. said, that before he read the letter, it
might be requisite for him to say, that he had said j<
to these gentlemen, as he had said to southern j:
gentlemen, that if a proposition were made, by i
way of amendment to a territorial bill, to extend J
slavery, he, as a Representative from a free dis- ,
trict, could not vote for it. And southern men !
had replied that they did not expect or ask any '.
such thing. ^
Mr. B. was again proceeding to read the let-
ter  i
Some time was lost in the effort to restore order
and induce members to take their seats.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, urged upon the i
: House the propriety of giving the gentleman its
: silence and attention.
Mr. BROWN now turned to Mr. Wilmot and
invited that gentleman to state the substance of the
letter he had sent to him, (Mr. B.)
Mr. BAKER suggested that it would be impos-
sible on account of the ill-health of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Brown,] that the House should
distinctly hear him.
Mr. BROWN expressed his confidence that he
could so read the letter as that it should be heard
in every part of the House, if members would
only take their seats.
Mr. WILMOT now rose and addressed the
Clerk.
Mr. BROWN yielded the floor for the moment.
Mr. WILMOT said that he had held a conver-
sation with the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Brown,] of which, with the permission of gentle-
men, he would state the substance. ?He(Mr. W.)
expressed to that gentleman the conviction, which
he honestly entertained, that the public voice, in
respect to the great question which now agitated
this cofintry, would be stifled in the committees of
this House. All that he, and those who were as-
sociated with him, asked, or desired, was a fair
opportunity to give expression to the great public
i sentiment of the people of the country. They
wanted, and they asked, nothing more. All that
he and his friends had desired at the hands of the
gentleman from Indians [Mr, Brown] was, that
If he should be elected Speaker of this House,
: he would so constitute the committees as that
they and the constituents whom they represented
| might be heard in this Hall. No stipulation had
been entered into, or sought to be entered into, as
> to the particular men who should be placed on
! these committees. They desired that the gentle-
man, if elected, should place upon these commit-
tees the best and the ablest men whom the South
' had sent to represent its interests here, in order
' that the views of the South might have a full and
j fair expression through the committees and the
! halls of Congross. Tht y desired, also, that nortb-
| ern men, holding the opinions of the North, and
representing the views of the northern people,
should also be heard through the committees and
j; the halls of Congress, and that their views should
!j not be smothered. This was the purport of the
li conversation. •
He addressed a note to the gentleman from In-
asking him, substantially, whether, if he
diana, ,  . ,. , .,
was elected Speaker of the House, he would so
organise the committees, as to be satisfactory to
himeelf and friends ? He (Mr. W.) desired fen-
utterance should he given to public sentiment.
This was, in substance, the only interrogatory he
had put. He (Mr. W.) aqd his friends desired,
to be satisfied that the constitution of the commit-
tees should be such as not to stifle the sentiments,
as they believed, of two thirds of the freemen of
this country.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, desired, to
put a question to his colleague. %
Mr. WILMOT yielded the floor for the purpose.
Mr. STEVENS proceeded. The question which
he desired to put to his colleague was this—whether,
from the verbal intercourse which had taken place
between him and the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Brown,] he [Mr. Wilmot] had any reason
to believe that the committees would be composed
of a majority of members who were in favor of
free soil ?
Mr. WILMOT. From the verbal conversations
which 1 held with the gentleman from Indiana, 1
had reason to believe that a majority of these com-
mittees would be composed of fair northern men.
[Great laughter over the Hall, and applause in
some parts.]
Mr. WlLMOT, (continuing.) Fair northern
men—I say nothing more—and this is the result of
inferences drawn by myself from the conversa-
tions, and not from any express declaration on the
part of the gentleman from Indiana;
[Several Voices. Where are the three aces ?]
Mr. STANLY (addressing Mr. Wilmot) asked
if it was not possible for the House to have a copy
of the letter of the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. WILMOT. I have not got a copy of the
letter.
Mr. INGE desiteu to put a question to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILMOT expressed his readiness to an-
! swer.
, Mr. INGE. I desire to know what the gentle-
i man means by the expression, "fair northern
•j men}"
Mr. WILMOT. Men who should not be put
' upon the committees from political considerations
; or attachments to party, and especially to this Ad-
| ministration; men who would not give their aid to
stifle the expression of the sentiments of the people
,i of the North; that is what I mean,
i Mr. INGE. Then I do not understand that
i' you mean men committed to the Wilmot proviso?
!: Mr. WILMOT. No, no further committed
:! than so far as their action and known opinions
j might be considered as committing them.
;' Mr. STANLY was understood (though scarcely
li heard amidst the confusion) to inquire of the
i gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot]
!i what that public sentiment was to which he
I alluded?
j | Mr. WILMOT. It is that slavery shall go no
i; further.
i In reply to another question from Mr. Stanly—
il Mr. WILMOT said, that I believe to be the
■! sentiment of two thirds of the northern people, as
! I have stated. .
I Mr. W. was understood also to express his be-
i lief, that the people of the North were opposed to
i the slave traffic in the District of Columbia, pre-
| cisely as the people of some of the southern
| States were opposed to it within their limits, and
! had made laws prohibiting it.
! Mr. STEVENS. Has the gentleman no copy
I of the letter ?
Mr. WILMOT said he had no copy.
; Mr. STEVENS desired to know whether the
ii correspondence did not show just the same state of
I things as was known to have existed between cer-
|1 tain gentlemen and Mr. Wjnthrof, previous to the
i- election of the last-named gentleman as Speaker of
'! the Thirtieth Congress? And he wished to know,
;' also, whether there was any secret article ?
!i Mr WILMOT. There was no secret article.
' Mr" STEVENS again desired to know whether
■: anything had taken place more than that which
lock place two years ago with Mr. Win-throf,
when certain gentlemen of this House would not
vote for him as Speaker ?
i Mr WILMOT again briefly explained the con-
versation, and remarked that minorities, however
small were, in accordance with all usage, entitled
:j to be represented. Such was the usage of the
i, British House of Commons. ... ,
I i He repeated, that he had not a copy of his let-
! ter. He could only state the substance of it briefly,
li as he had done. The answer of the gentleman
