1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
any one contended that the exclusion of gambling
tables and the exclusion of ardent spirits was a
violation of any constitutional privilege or right?
And yet it is the case in a large portion of the ter-
ritory of the United States; but there is no outcry
against that, because it is the prohibition of a
specific kind of property and not a prohibition
against any section of the Union. Why, sir,
our laws now prevent a tavern keeper from going
into some of the territories of the United States
and taking a bar with him and using and selling
spirits there. The law also prohibits certain other
descriptions of business from being carried on in
the territories. I am not, therefore, prepared to
say that, under the Constitution, we have not the
power to pass laws excluding negro slaves from
the territories. It involves the same principle.
But I do say that, if teft to myself to carry out
my own opinions, I would leave the whole sub-
ject to the people of the ten itories themselves, and
allow them to introduce or to exclude slavery as
they may see proper. I believe that that is the prin-
ciple upon which our institutions rest. 1 believe it
is one of those rights to be conceded to the terri-
tories the moment they have governments and
legislatures established for them; because by es-
tablishing a government and giving them power
to form a legislature, you admit that they are com-
petent to govern themselves; otherwise they would
not be authorized to establish a legislature and
confide all their rights to it with the exception of
this one of the institution of slavery. For these
reasons, and others which I will not enlarge upon,
I am opposed to any provision in this bill prohib-
iting the people of the territory from legislating in
respect to Afiican slavery. 1 would desire to see
it stricken out; and 1 repeat that I cannot conceive
how the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] and
those who think with him and acted with him du-
ring the last campaign, can go for a provision of
this kind without abandoning the position which
they assumed; and upon that point I have the Sen-
ator from Mississippi with me. I recollect that
early in the session he made a speech here in which
he declared that he put that construction on the
letter of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
during the campaign, and that it m«de him a little
lukewarm in his support of that gentleman.
I do not believe, sir, that the Senate can agree
upon any principle by which a bill can pass giving
governments to the territories in which the word
" slavery" is mentioned. If you prohibit; if you
establish; if you recognize; if you control; if you
touch the question of slavery, your bill cannot, in
my opinion, pass this body. But the bill that you
can pass is one that is open upon these questions,
tnat says nothing upon the subject, but leaves the
people to do as they please, and to shape their in-
stitutions according to what they may conceive to
be their interests both for the present and the fu-
ture.
Mr DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have no right,
Mr, President, to ask the Senator from Illinois to
read my speeches. They are not worthy of it.
I might ask him, however, to read the amendment
which I have lying on the table before he again
makes a speech upon it. Jf the Senator had con-
sideied my speeches worthy of perusal, or had
listened attentively to their delivery, he would not
have taken occasion to say that 1 had avowed
myself lukewarm in my support of the Senator
from Michigan as a candidate for the Presidency.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I sai4 that in respect to this
question you had your doubts, and therefore were
lukewarm in your support of him.
Mr. DAViS. I had doubts, fears, and appre-
hensions, which reached to a conviction that the
Senator was wrong upon the question of the power
of temtorial inhabitants; yet, &>ir, I took him as a
choice of evils. [Laughter.] I say it m no terms
of disrespect. The Senator from Michigan knows
that I thought it was a wrong doctiine which he
held upon this subject, but 1 sustained him for
the other doctrines which were directly coiuarcted
v/ith the duties of a President; and I gave him an*'
earnest support. My political opinions triumphing
over personal feelings which were very near to me.
The Senator from Illinois, if he will review my
course, will never make that statement again. Jf
the Senator from Illinois had read this amendment,
he would never have fallen into theerror of accusing
me for what is contained in the bill. If he had even
listened to any of my arguments in support of the
amendment, he would not have fallen into the mis-
} take of supposing that it was running pari passu
| with the bill. He would have learned, too, that I
: was only claiming for the territorial legislature the
i power to protect property, which I conceived to
i be the great duty of Government. But I am glad
i to have the Senator now in a more tangible posi-
[ tion than when he resorted to Divine power for
authority; he now locates it in Congress, and he
j now establishes the point at which the people of
I the territories begin to assume to exercise these
j powers of legislation, to be when they receive
I authority from Congress. Then the question
■ comes back at once, w.hat is the authority of.
1 Congress? Over what subjects can we legislate
| or confer authority on the people of the territo-
j ries to legislate? If Congress have power to
| decide what shall be property; to lay down the
j bounds and limits within which a certain species
j of property shall be held, beyond which it shall
I never pass, then perhaps it can confer tl^e au-
! thorny on the people of the territory which is
claimcd; not otherwise. I listened with some sur-
prise to the chairman of the Committee on the
Teiritories, when he said that we passed laws to
prevent the introduction of gaming tables and
whiskey into the territories. We pass laws to
regulate, it is true, the intercourse with Indian
tribes, which Indians tribes live m the territories
of the United States, if it is to that the Senator
refers.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Some of the prohibitions to
which 1 have referred relate to the Indian territo-
ries, but others of them to the organized territories
of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I have yet to learn that Congress
has the power to decide what is property, and
where it shall be held, or that it has exercised such
a power, although the power to regulate the inter-
course with the Indian tribes has been granted,
and fully exercised. That I suppose must be
what the Senator alludes to. I have myself, when
in the employ of the Government in a different
sphere, had to arrest traders, whose property, so
far as it was forbidden by the laws regulating in-
tercourse, was destroyed to prevent its introduc-
tion among the Indians; this was not done under
any power of the Government over property,
but under direct authority to regulate intercourse
with the Indian tribes. The Senator from Illi-
nois, however, announces again and again that I
claim from Congress the establishment or intro-
duction of slavery into the territories. Now, sir,
it is passing strange that an amendment which
merely goes to prevent Congress from restricting
territorial legislation upon certain subjects should
be considered as a law to introduce slavery into
the territories. Time and again have I stated be-
fore the Senate that I claim only our constitutional
rights, and that, if it is our constitutional right to
take slaves into the territories, Congress is bound
to protect that as much as other constitutional
rights, and in delegating authority should not pre-
vent the territorial legislature from passing those
police laws or other remedies necessary for their
own peace and for the protection of this species
of property. Can it be said that this is a law to
introduce slavery into the territories? Does not
I tiie Senator ftom Illinois know that i have from
: the beginning denied to Congress the power to
establish siavcry? I neither conceded that, nor
the converse 'lately so much insisted on. I denied
! it, because no such power is to be found in the
Constitution of the United States. How, then,
, can the Seuator construe my propose, from an
i amendment for a specific object, to be something
^ cliffeient from what that amendment is?
" Optics siiaip it nepds, I ween.
' To see what id not to be seen."
I I regret, therefore, that the Senator did not take
j the trouble to read my amendment before he un-
| dertook to decide what it was, and to make an
: aigument against what cannot be diawn either !
j from its text or my own explanation. If the Con- i
stitution of the United States does recognize our i
property; if by the Constitution and laws of the
United States we have the right to go into the terri-
tories, I hold it to be the duty of this Government,
if there are obstructions in the way of the exercise
of that constitutional light—if it be true that the
Mexican laws are now in force in the territories,
and constitute an obstacle against its exercisc, then,
sir, it is the bounden duty of this Congress to repeal
those laws, and to repeal them at once. It is not
the rig h t of property in slaves that is alone affected,
but in all the animals and manufactured articles
prohibited from introduction by the Mexican law.
Is this prohibition to be continued? No; you all
will answer no. Why is it, then, I ask every
j] man who has a heart above the petty prejudices of
!| his own .sectional policy or interest, why is it that
!| slaves alone are excepted—that over slaves alone
i, it is pretended that the Mexican law is to reign
!, supreme, but in every other species of pro; erty
'i it is admitted that the inhibition is overridden by
j, the great provisions and principles of the Constitu-
|] tion of the United States ?
./ Mr. WALKER. I wish to comprehend this
|! amendment rightly, for the purpose of knowing
lj how to regulate my own conduct. If I understand
the object of the Senator from Mississippi, it is
simply to gi\e to the legislatures of these territories
power to protect, not slave property alone, but
every species of property.
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) Property of every
kind.
Mr. WALKER. Well, sir, the bill as origin-
ally introduced provides that " the legislative
4 power of said territory shall extend to all i ightfu!
' purposes of legislation consistent with the Con-
' stitution of the United States and the provisions
* of this act." I wish to inquire what can possibly
be the necessity of the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi, when the bill expressly declares
that the legislative power shall extend to all right-
ful subjects of legislation? Is he prepared to deny
that regulating property is a rightful subject of
legislation? It seems to me, therefore, that the
amendment would be mere tautology. If to pro-
tect this species of property is not a rsghful subject
of legislation, how docs it become wrongful under
the Constitution and laws of the United States ?
But if to protect property in slaves is a rightful
subject of legislation under the Constitution of the
United States, I can see no necessity for the amend-
ment; none whatever. I am not willing, as the
Senator from Illinois has done, to attribute motives
to the Senator from Mississippi different from what
he expresses 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot allow that remark
to go unnoticed for a moment. 1 entirely disclaim
attributing motives to the Senator from Missis-
sippi. 1 said that his motive was a correct one—
to secure the right to slave property; but that I
was opposed to it, because 1 did not want any
clause upon that subject, for or against.
Mr. WALKER. Perhaps I used a wrong word
when I said "motives" 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the Senator
allow me a moment?
Mr. WALKER yielded the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not understand the Senator
from Illinois as arraigning my motives. I took it
for granted that he was able to argue a measure
without arraigning motives. I will say to the
Senator from Wisconsin, that the amendment
which I introduced is properly applicable to a
phrase in the bill. JNTot the one to which he refers,
but to the one which prohibited the territorial
legislature from legislating in respect to African
slavery—the sentence proposed to be amended.
On reading the bill there was a question at once
raised in my mind on the construction of that lan-
guage, and, instead of seeking to evade that ques-
tion by striking out the clause, I chose,after it was
raised, to meet it and cover it by a distinct expres-
sion of what Congress meant.
Mr. WALKER. I was about to say that I
made use of the wrong word when I said " mo-
tives;" perhaps "objects" would have been better.
Now, let us see what this amendment means, as
explained by the Senator from Mississippi. The
clause of the bill provides that the territorial legis-
lature shall not legislate upon the subject of sla-
very. They cannot prohibit it, neither can they
establish it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (in his seat.) Nor
protect it.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Missis-
sippi says that it is not his object to establish
slavery. He denies that Congress has the powei
to establish it equally with the power to prohibit
it. The bill, as introduced, then seems to me to
leave the subject to stand just where Congress
finds it. Again; if the right to carry slaves into
the territories and hold them there, exists under
the Constitution of the United States, then the
Constitution of the United States, overriding the
local laws on the subject enacted by the Republic
