1850,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
of Mexico, it appears to me that, the legislative
power extending to all rightful subjects of legisla-
tion, the regulation of negro slaves would be in-
e'uded, and the passage of laws for the punish-
ment of slaves, to prevent cruelty on the part of
masters, and to regulate the sale and transfer of
this species of property, would come within the
"rightful subjects of legislation." I cannot see
that the bill, as it stands, will have theeffect which
the Senator from Mississippi apprehends; but if
I may be allowed to take a different view from
him of the probable effect of his amendment, I
think it will be regarded as the establishment of
slavery. Look at the judicial decisions of the
country. I have not the cases by me to refer to;
but I may safely state that the general principle
decided by the judiciary of the country in regard
to property in slaves, is, that the existence of
slavery in fact warrants the conclusion that it ex-
ists by law, unless a law prohibiting it can be
shown. Now, suppose that the amendment of
the Senator from Mississippi is carried; if any
number of slaves should get into the territory,
slavery would exist there in fact; and it would,
therefore, warrant the presumption, under the ju-
dicial decisions of the country, that it exists there
by law, unless a law could be found prohibiting it.
Well, suppose, under this amendment, the terri-
toffal legislature had parsed laws rugulating
slavery; then, if the laws of Mexico were quoted
to rebut the presumption that slavery existing in
fact existed also by law, it would be answered, here
are laws passed by the territorial legislatures
regulating the slaves that may te brought here,
which are inconsistent with the prohibitory law
of California, and amount to an abrogation of it.
In this way the Senator can get slavery established
affirmatively by law; and, while this Congress is
unwilling to extend slavery, it will be done in this
indirect way. 1 would prefer the bill as it now
stands, neither establishing nor prohibiting slavery,
but having no expression in the bill on the subject,
and if the committee of thirteen are anxious for
-the passage of t e bill, they will do well to keep
it as nearly in its original form as possible; for,
when you go into deviations and amendments
upon this subject, there is no telling where it will
stop. If there is to be any provision in regard to
slavery, one way or the other, let it be done open-
ly and candidly. If it be desirable to prohibit
slavery, let the vote be taken openly for or against;
and if, on the other hand, it is desirable to guard
expressly the owners of slave property and to
permit them to take it into the territories, let it
go before the country fairly and openly. There
is no necessity for finessing. Let us approach the
subject directly, and either prohibit or admit
Slavery openly, or say nothing at all about it.
Mr. BU TLER rose, but gave way to
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. With the per-
mission of the Senator from South Carolina, I
wish to say to the Senator from Wisconsin, that
his proposition is distinct, substantive, and inde-
pendent of the amendment, and has no connection
vviih it. Me contends that Congress may decide
whether slaves are to'be lawfully carried to or ex-
cluded from the territories; then, I will ask the
Senator, would we not still require the veiy amend-
ment which I have offered, if the decision should
be in favor of their introduction? Would he
"leave language, which prevented the territorial
legislature from enacting iaws upon the subject of
slavery, and yet give authority to take slaves into
the territory ? If Congress, according to the sup-
position of the Senator, possesses the power and
decides that they shall not take slaves there, then
I grant that there is no necessity for power to
enuct police laws m respect to them. I am ready
at-all times to meet his proposition; but not to
propose that which we have no constitutional au-
thority to nerfonn.
Mr. BUTLER. I will not, Mr. President, take
pait in* this discussion now, but will explain a few
words which have been used on a former occasion.
As well as I recollect, they were the woids which
were introduced into the Clayton compromise,
" that a territory shall not legislate in respect t6
slavery;" and I recollect my friend from Mary-
land, now the Attorney General, replying that if
the woids should remain in that way, and an in-
dividual, with thfi view of trying the question,
should carry his slave there under articles of con-
tact—" articles of apprenticeship," if you please
to call them such—and the day after his arrival,
any one, I do not indicate any particular person,
should seduce the slave and take charge of him,
and the owner, or master if you choose so to call
him, should demand the possession of that slave,
and' should think proper to sue out a writ of tro-
ver, it w&uld be replied immediately, here is an
inhibition in the organic law against the courts
taking cognizance of a'ny case of that kind. 1 say
that that Would be at once the case if the territo-
rial legislature were prohibited from passing any
law in respect to African slavery. He might have
a perfect right to carry his property there; but
the courts m case of seduction could give him no
remedy, for the reason that here is an expiess pro-
hibition by Congress against the territorial le-
gislature passing any law in respect to African
slavery, by which he could have immediate pro-
cess of law, under the conflicting provisions of the
Constitution of the United States and the laws of
Mexico. And I think that was the point made
by my friend from Maryland at the time—that
those words should be stricken out which re-
strained the territorial legislature from passing
any law in respect to African slavery, and. leave
them under the rightful exercise of authority to
protect that property. That, sir, is a plain propo-
sition. My friend from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
never has said that slavery is there, nor has he
ever pretended by his amendment that it should go
there per lege. 1 never understood him to say that
it should go there, or that it is there. There is no
law to carry it there, nor any law recognizing it as
being there; but the whole provision turns upon
this, that if that species of property should go
there the territorial government should give it such
protection as would enaole the owner to protect
his own property, if there is any provision in the
Constitution by which he can protect it. That is
the proposition. Sir, I might, under other circum-
stances, be tempted to reply to the argument
offered by the Senator from Illinois, but"8! will
forbear now. 1 shall, however, express my views
on this whole compromise scheme at another
time, and I promise the Senate, too, that I will
not make a very long speech, and shall not proba-
bly occupy their time more than forty or fifty
minutes. But, sir, I would here ask, it' there is
no such law as that implied in the amendment
offered by the Senator from Mississippi, what is
the consequence ? Sir, the obvious consequence is
this, that if you have no such provision prohibiting
territorial legislation on the subject of African
slavery, although you may put this power of
trover in that legislation, tney never will use it.
We have always contended lor a fair and open
issue. I mean, not that it is,property there; but
that if any one should carry it there lie should
have a right to try thf validity of his title to it in
opposition to the Mexican laws, which have been
held up as a peremptory prohibition of such prop-
erty in these territones. And it must be so. This
idea that a people in a teiritory can legislate for
themselves independently of Congress, that they
have a right to assume to themselves whatever
powers ot legislation they choose to assume, is
most monstrous.
Mr. FOOTE. I would ask the Senator whether,
in the event of Congress declining to pass any re-
striction whatever in regard to territorial legisla-
lation, the territorial! government would, in his
opinion, have anv right to pass any such law?
Mr. BUTLER. 1 say that the Constitution
might restrict them; but they might disregard the
Constitution and affirm the Mexican law the next
day, and, without some certain and defined power,
a man might go there with his property and there
would be no means by which he would be able to
protect it.
Sir, 1 was going on to speak of the people hav-
ing a right, independently of the Constitution, by
which even Congress derives its power, to make
whatever laws they please for themselves. That
is, indeed, a new idea- The principle which per-
vades all legislation upon this subject is, that a
territorial legislature is given by Congress, subject
to all the limitations imposed by Congress, and
that it has no powers except those which are given
to it by Congress. In other words, it has power
to legislate upon those subjects only which are
specified in the grant.* This, I am aware, is in-
consistent with the broad notion that those squat-
ters, the moment they put their feet upon the soil,
are freeholders, and entitled to exercise all the
privileges of citizens of a State.
I say this much: if you leave the clause as it is,
there 13 no power by which the territorial legisla-
tures can pass police laws, or to give a writ of
trover, or any other writ by which a man can Sue
for his property and recover it from any unprinci-
pled man \<rho' may take his slave fr&m him in
any shape. Such is the ar^'urhent contended for
by the distinguished Attorney General, in his
place, on this subject.
But I shall hereafter ask for an opportunity to
express my opinions on this compromise; and I
will now say to the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, that, when I do sb, I will do it*distinct/y
and without disguise, of what would satisfy me*as
a representative of one of the southern States; I
shall be explicit and leave nothing in doubt as to
what I think would be sufficient to satisfy my
constituency in reference to these questions.
Mr. KING. I, too, sir, shall act upon the same
principle, and, when the proper time shall arrive,
shall express my opinion on this subject. I rise
just now with a view to do some justice to my
friend from Louisiana, who has offered to-day an
amendment .to the bill as reported by^the Commit-
tee of Thirteen. Sir, it was well said by the hori-
orable gentleman in this Senate, that when that
amendment was prepared it was made under the
impression that it contained the exact words of
the Clayton compromise bill.' That was a mis-
take on the part of the gerttleman, for the commH-
tee went on the principle that the territorial legis-
lature should not pass any laws respecting the
establishment or the exclusion of African slavery.
That was supposed to be the object at the time it
was offered by the honorable Senator from Loui-
siana, in order to see whether it might not have
another bearing.
But, sir, 1 think that the amendment offered by
my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] goes fur-
ther than it is necessary to go to do all that is re-
quired to be effected by the compromise bill, and
all that is required to be effected now; and that is^
that it uses the very words " to^event the ter-
ritorial legislature from passing any law respecting
either the establishment or the exclusion of African
slavery;" and I have no fear that the powers be-
longing to the territorial legislature will not be
sufficient to enable them to pass all necessary mu-
nicipal regulations for the protection of property
of this description. If, then, my friend from Mis-
sissippi will modify his amendment so as to leave
it where it was originally intended to be placed by
my friend from Louisiana, I think much objection
will be rfemoved.
Sir, I do not think there is a solitary gentleman
on the other side, belonging to a particular paity,
that would be m favor of giving to these territorial
legislatures this full power to pass law3 either for
the prohibition or the intifcduciion of slavery.
They would be afraid of its introduction; and the
probability is, that their fears would not be entirely
groundless. I, sir, am opposed to giving to the
territorial legisla'ures any power either to prohibit
or to introduce it. 1 believe that the power does
not exist on the part of Congress, and m that re-
spect I differ with the Senator from Illinois" in tola*
Sir, his argument is a free-soil speech; it is the
Wilmot proviso, so far as the argument goes, as
to giving to the Congress of the United States the
power of regulating every description of property
which the citizens of the country possess who
choose to emigrate there. The Senator went vastly
beyond what i have heard before, because it was
then confined to slavery. But he would prohibit
ail property, because, forsooth, the Government of
the United States prevented traders from going into
the Indian country and selling certain articles to
these unfortunate beings.
Sir, the first territorial governments which we
established were simply for the protection of per-
sons and property, and consisted of a governor and
council. And are Senators prepared to say that
this governor and his council—if governments
should be ordained for these territories—should
have the power of regulating property entirely?
Sir, I never did agree with my friend from Michi-
gan in regard to what is supposed to be the con-
struction of the Nicholson letter. I never did
believe that a territorial legislature possessed any
power whatever but such as is delegated to it by
the Congress of the United States; and the power
which it did possess simply related to the protec-
tion of persons and property and the punishment
of Crime. Sir, what rfo you require of them?
