1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
of the last few days, and before I voted for him,
and asked him whether he had changed his opin-
ions on those subjects. He replied in the nega-
tive. Had I known the transaction or opinions
disclosed this morning, I could not have voted for
him; and as soon as the correspondence between
him.and Mr. Wilmot was acknowledged, I de-
manded that it should be read. It has been read,
and the House and.my constituents will see that
if I had voted otherwise than I had pledged my-
self to vote, I have been acting under a misappre-
hension of facts after due diligence to acquaint
myself with them. To be deceived presupposes
no dereliction of duty, if proper measures have
been adopted to get possession of the truth.
Mr. ROBINSON next addressed the House,
saying that he regretted exceedingly that he felt it
his duty to take the floor on this occasion, but
there appeared to be something likea ground-swell
here against his colleague, [Mr. Brown,] or, at
least, a very unnecessary and gratuitous state of
excitement against him, which he thought gentle-
men who were now foremost in it would regret
when they reflected a little. The cause of the^x-
citement—this correspondence—surprised him as
much as it did any one else, for he had never
heard of it before; but still he saw nothing in it,
properly explained, to justify this fierce hunting
him down—nothing in it dishonorable or incon-
sistent with the position he occupied. There is
nothing in it justifying the conclusions gentlemen
have drawn from it. It discloses no pledge—it
does not intimate that my colleague has indicated
political sentiments to the Free-Soilers, which his
friends from the South did not know, or have
reason to suppose he held.
Gentlemen say they voted for him expecting he
was opposed to the Wilmot proviso. Well, is
there anything in this brief correspondence show-
ing that he is not ? Not a word of it. He says,
it is true, that he is opposed to the extension of
slavery, and who, in a free State, is not? There
are non-interference men there, to be sure—men
who desire to keep this question out of Congress,
and 1 have always understood my colleague to be
one of them. His district and mine join each
other; and, throughout his canvass, I understood
he took the non-interference ground—was against
the Wilmot proviso, but still %vas against the ex-
tension of slavery also.
Gentlemen in the South, even distinguished Sen-
ators and others, have ex pressed themselves against
the further extension of slavery; yet they are op-
posed to any action of Congress, as I understand
my colleague is, to prevent it. <So much, then, for
the allegation as to his provisoism.
A sentence is torn from his letter to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,] which,
isolated and unconnected with anything; else, gives
color to the idea that he has given a strong pledge
to the Free-Soilers; but taken and explained in
connection with the previous verbal communica-
tions which passed between ' them on the same
subject, and to which it directly referred, and what
i3 it ? What does it amount to ? My colleague
says in his letter, " the committees shall be organ-
ized in such a manner as to be satisfactory to you
and your friends." Well, now, let us refer to the
conversations which had previously passed between
these gentlemen to see what would be satisfactory.
BerMr. Wilmot] says: " I don't ask to be placed
in any particular position, on any particular com-
mittee; nor do my friends. All we ask is, that in
making up your committees touching this slavery
question, all sections shall be fairly represented.
We want the voire of no section or party stifled
or smothered by packing the commitiees." Mr.
Brown answers, " Certainly, all have aright to
be heard." Now, suppose a committee was con-
stituted—a majority, for instance, of non-interfer-
ence men, if you please—and then a minority of
proviso men, mixed up with ail extreme southern-
address man or two, and a one-idea Free-Soiler
from the North; would not such a committee be i
one which would represent all parties? Or you
might change its order and arrangement, but still
combine the same elements. Now, this is all that
my colleague is pledged to in this letter, if pledge
it be. And is there a gentleman here who will say
that such a general, and, as it seems to me, uni-
versally acceptable sentiment, is an improper one? ]j
But it seems that this thing of writing letters H
when a candidate, is anomalous, novel—nay, dis-
honorable, i understood a gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Bcrt] to say that no honorable
man would ask pledges of a candidate, nor give
them. Now, the gentleman must differ in his no-
tions of honorable conduct from many of his south-
ern friends, for I have understood that several let-
ters have been written by southern gentlemen to
northern men, whose names were used in connec-
tion with the Speakership, propounding certain
interrogatories in reference to the slave question,
and distinctly making a satisfactory answer to
them a sine qua non to their votes. This has been
done repeatedly since we attempted to organize
this House.
This is quite a neiy idea to me, that it is im-
proper for a man when S coandidate to answerques-
tions. It may be impolitic, but certainly not dis-
honorable; and though this is the first I ever heard
of this letter, and though I think my colleague acted
imprudently in writing it, still there is, I must in-
sist and repeat, nothing in it, taken in connection I
with the previous conversation to which it alluded,
and to which both he and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] testify to, that justi-
fies the imputation of duplicity, deceit, or dishonor.
Mr. BURT explained that what-he had said
was, that when a gentleman was placed promi-
nently before the House asacandidate for Speaker,
as an honorable man he would ask no pledges
from him, and he, as an honorable man, could
give none. He adhered to that position. Cer-
tainly the gentleman from Indiana did not mean
to intimate that he (Mr. B.) had ever addressed a
letter of this description to anybody.
Mr. ROBINSON was understood to disclaim
any such intention.
Mr. STANTON obtained the floor, and yielded
for explanation to
Mr. WOODWARD, who said he was1 one of
those who thought they might put a question to a
candidate as to his political creed; but he sustained
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Brown] in the
position which had been taken by him, that he
] would give no pledges as to the manner in which
; he would constitute the committees, in case he
j should be elected. That, he apprehended, was
i what his colleague [Mr. Burt] meant; not that he
| should conceal his polititical principles, but that
j he should give no pledge as to the manner in which
i he would constitute the committees. He sus-
tained the gentleman from Indiana in that posi-
tion. He thought it was an honorable one.
Mr. HUBBARD (Mr. Stanton further yield-
ing the floor) said that it was he who had ad-
dressed the letter to the gentleman from Indiana
He bad only re
point of promising them all they demanded. I
feel, sir, that the odium of this transaction, how-
ever unjustly, will in some measure fall npon my- '
self, in common with* the whole South. I desire
to throw off (his odium; and I deem it ;a complete
justification to say, that I could never have, sup-
ported that gentleman if I had entertained the least
suspicion of such a transaction as that which has
been disclosed. I gave to the gentleman a "gen-
erous confidence;"! leave it to the country to say
whether that confidence has not been abused, '
1 have but one word more to say. it is, that, I
feel myself, in common with every southern gen-
tleman in the same position, deeply indebted to
those few gentlemen on this side of the House,
who had the courage, and the foresight, so far to
break party ties, as to arrest the election of the
gentleman from Indiana. 1 take this occasion
publicly to express my thanks to those gentlemen,
for having thus prevented the abominable consum-
mation which was so near being effected.
Mr. McMULLEN said he regretted exceed-
ingly to throw himself before this House, it being
the first time in his life in which he had attempted
to say a word in a deliberativeassembly. But hav-
ing been called upon by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Evans,] he felt it due not only to that
gentleman, but to himself and his constituents, that
he should respond to the interrogatory of the gen-
tleman. Anxious as he was to see the House of
Representatives organized, he had had his fears as
to the gentleman from Indiana, on this great ques-
tion. But these fears had been allayed by con-
versations which he had held with various gentle-
men from the South. They could judge, then,
what was his astonishment upon hearing t^e rumor
last night at the National Hotel, that th& gentle-
man from Indiana had given some pledges to these
very distinguished Free-Soil gentlemen. He (Mr.
McM.) had then remarked to a gentleman, that
if he could satisfy himself of that fact, he was
one man from the South who would not vote for
the gentleman from Indiana. He had then been
introduced to the gentleman. He did not gat-
i isfy him that .the charge was unfounded, but
said that he would bring proofs to him (Mr. McM.)
11 this morning. These proofs had not been pro-
;i duced, and his (Mr. McM's) mind not being sat-
;> isfied, he claimed his privilege as an humble mem-
ber, being called upon to cast his vote, to intterro-
i| gate the gentleman from Indiana. He had stated
■' to him that he was charged by Madame Rumor
', with having given a pledge to the Free-Soil gen-
tlemen, that, in the event of his being elected
Speaker, they should be taken care of. The gen-
which had been referred to. , , _f ,,      in-
quired non-interference—nothing more. And he l| tleman stated that those gentlemen had called upon
preferred a man from the North, that they (the |! him, and that he had said to them that he could
South) might show that (hey were willing to offer lj give no pledge in advance of his election, except
something on*the altar of our common Union. He !. that, in the organization of the Committee on the
had made that declaration to his constituents at ji District of Columbia and other committees, he
home, and after his arrival here he had addressed !| would endeavor to place each gentleman where he
the gentleman from Indiana a letter requesting that [j ought to stand; or, in other words, that he would
he would call upon him. The gentleman came, I; place gentlemen upon the respective committees
and showed him the record of his past course, j. according to their respective talents and standing.
With that he (Mr. H.) was satisfied. The gen- |j He was pleased to hearthat declaration from the
tleman said something in reference to what would |j gentleman. He had then asked him if he had
be his course in appointing the committees. He || given any written pledge to these gentlemen, and
(Mr. H.) had told him he wanted to hear nothing |! had received the reply that he had not. After-
about that; that he did not believe any man de- |j wards, in conversation with his colleague, [Mr.
served a place on the floor who would require to h Bayly,] he (Mr. McM.) had told him that he
know how the committees should be constituted j; need have no fears upon this subject; that he had
before he gave his vote. He did expect, however, had a conversation with the gentleman from In-
when the gentleman from Indiana became acandi- ; diana.
date, and consented to address others, he would He repeated his regret that he had been called
have furnished him (Mr. H ) with a copy of what !l out in this unexpected way; but he had considered
he had written to Sir. Wilmot. He (Mr. H.) 1 this statement due to his colleague, to this House,
had addressed the letter to the gentleman, and only ji and, more especially, to his constituents. He
asked non interference. . therefore begged pardon for having trespassed
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said: No man '' uoon the time of the House. If he had a hope of
can regiet more than i do, the necessity for this his request being granted, he would most assured-
discussion. But I do not regret, since the facts ly adopt the course of the gentleman from Ten-
existed, that they have been brought to light. I] nessee, [Mr. Harris,] and ask leave of ihe Hou^e
feel it incumbent upon me, sir, to say one word in !, to change his vote. But he* knew, under the par-
explanation. I am unfortunately among those 1; liamentary law, he had not that right. When the
who voted for the gentleman from Indiana—even i time came, however, for another vote, he would
; to the hitler end." Like all those gentlemen from
the South who gave him the same support, I had [
assurances, that in his canvass before the" people
he had boldly taken ground against that measute,
which has produced ail our difficulties, and exposed •
the Union itself to such imminent danger. 1 did i
not, for one moment, deem it possible that he
could seek an alliance with the authors of this mis- I
chief—much less, that he could descend to the !
show to the House and the country where he
would stand.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, desired [to say, in
reference to a remark of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. McMullen,] that he had never made
any pledge as to what place he would assign gen-
tlemen in constituting the committees, in case he
were elected Speaker.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose and
