1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1110
what is of consequence, what is of moment ?
What ought to command the attention and excite
the feelings, and call up the most strenuous efforts
of the friends of freedom in this body, at this time,
if this great question, relating 10 the government
ofa country, compared with which the old thirteen
are but a speck, does not? If the question whether
slavery is to go unbridled and unchecked by any
congressional prohibition, if that is a question of
indifference, then what is of moment, what is of
consequence ? Do not let us deceive ourselves with
the idea that latitude fixes this matter. There is
the State of Texas, running from the Gulf of
Mexico to the 42d degree of north latitude, and
slavery covering the whole of it. There is the
State of Missouri, the whole of it north of 36° 30'
and slavery covering the whole of that State. Now,
it is not worth while to shutoureyes to these facts,
it is not worth while to hug to ourselves the delu-
sion that we are passing upon matter that is of lit-
tle or no moment. Whatever may be the conse-
quence, whatever may be the results, it is best to
look these facts in the face.
The honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,]
the other day took occasion to say that he had
no confidence m the sincerity of gentlemen who
expressed any fears as to slavery going into the
territories. 1 would ask that honorable Senator if
he places any confidence in the declarations of
Bouthern gentlemen who tell us that it will go
there? Does he believe the sincerity of the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] when
he tells us that the country about the Gila is one
that is calculated for slave labor, and to which it
can go? Does he believe the sincerity of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] when
he tells us that in the mountain countries ot these
territories, slave labor is worth from four to six
thousand dollars a year, and that, without restric-
tions, it will go into these territories? Oris that
deception? Is that pretence? Now, when honor-
able Senators from the slave States get up here and
tell us that this is a constitutional right which they
claim and intend to exercise, and that it is one
immensely valuable to them, how idle is it for us
to pretend that it is a matter of comparative indif-
ference and insignificance, and one about which
•we need not trouble ourselves at all.
Sir, it is the question. Do not talk to me about
banks, and tariffs, and protection to iron, or any
of these matteis, as being the question of the day,
and pass by this great question, which is to fix
the character of the government and population of
tfiis immense territory forever, as one of indiffer-
ence and insignificance, and of no practical utility.
To my mind these others are questions which sink
into insignificance. You may make a tariff in
1842, repeal it in 1846, alter it again in 1850. You
may make and unmake banks. You may fix
upon any system regulating any of these ques-
tions. They are the mere questions of the day,
and may pass away this year and present them-
• selves anew next year in new phases. But settle
this question once, and no man's sagacity can
foresee the time when the consequences of the de-
cision which we now make wiil cease to affect the
interests of the millions that are to occupy this
country throughout all the stages of its existence.
No, sir, the imagination shrinks from the attempt
of conceiving the immensity of the interests that
are at stake upon the resuls to which we may
come in the deliberations m which we are now
engaged. 1 undertake to say that it is a question
compared with which there has never engaged the
attention of an American assemblage one so im-
portant, since ihe question whether we were to be
free or slaves was agitated in the Continental Con-
giess. 1 say that since that time never has there
been one of so much moment, of so much conse-
quence. And it is a libel upon the intelligence
of the citizens of the free States to tell them that it
is a matter of indifference, that it is a matter of no '
consequence, that it is a matter of no moment.
Sir, if there be one single object about which
more than any other the minds of the people of
the free States have been engrossed, it is this one. (
Go through the history, take the catalogue, and |
you will find that some of the legislatures of the
free States have passed resolutions in favor of pro-
tection, and others against if, some for a revenue
tariff, anil others for a protective tanS; but upon
this great question, whether freedom or slavery ,
shall mark the whole of the new territories, they
speak but one voice, There is no Democrat, there
is no Whig upon this subject. All the party di-
visions are lost.in the consideration of its urgency.
"1 hey speak but one sentiment; they give utter-
ance to but one language; they entertain but one
opinion of this subject; and that is, that it is the
hounden duty of this Congress to adhere in 1850
to,the principles upon which the Constitution went
into operation in 1789. it is that the principles
which have marked and disiinguished the legisla-
tion of the coOn try from that time down to the
present shall be maintained; and that we shall not
be driven by any considetauons from standing up
to the line of constitutional duty, which ha3 been
marked out by our brothers, and adhered to from
their day down to ihe present.
Sir, I undertake to say—and I think I know
something of the state of public opinion m the
northeastern States—that all that I have said is but a
poor, faint, and feeble delineation of the feeling
which reigns paramount in the breasts of that peo-
ple. 1 say that they are willing to compromise
anything and everything else but this. You may
make a high or a low tarriff, a bank or a sub-
treasury, anything that relates to our mere purses,
and the people ot those States will compromise,
and co'mpromise liberally, as they have done in
days that are past; but when you come to ask
them to do violence to their own convictions of
duty, which impress themselves upon their hearts,
you will find that they are not made of that stuff
that can compromise on such a subject. They
are willing to give now, as they ever have given,
and as they always will give, anything and every-
thing that can rightfully be claimed under the Fed-
eral Constitution. I undertake to say, that if
there has been a doctrine that has been taught by
southern statesmen, m days that have passed, upon
this subject of human slavery, it was that it was
a local btate institution, with which the Federal
Government had nothing to do. And when gen-
tlemen stand here and talk about " property in
slaves," us if it were a property that was recog-
nized by this Constitution or by the law of civil-
ized society as pioperty, I can turn to their own
courts, their Own statesmen, their own judges,
and read them from the first period of their history
down to the present time, assertions made in Con-
gress, and pronounced upon their benches, that
this very article of property—slavery—is one de-
pendent for its existence entirely upon local law,
and that it has none of the general charjctensucs
of property in the sense in which we use the term.
Why, in tne same way, a contracior for the labor
of convicts in our penitentiaries—and there are
such persons recognized in States where peniten-
tiaries exist—mignt just as well come forward and
claim that the General Government should extend
its constitutional protection over that property,
outside of the jurisdiction where they are recog-
nized, as that gentlemen should come forward and
claim that slave labor, dependent for its existence
upon the local jurisdiction where it is, should be
protected outsiue that jurisdiction. No, sir! if
gentlemen want compromises, the Constitution has
made one, and to the Constitution let us adhere;
that is, keep your slaves in your own States.
There, we neither pretend nor claim to have a
right to lntertere. There the Constitution is su-
preme. But when you undertake to go outside of
your States, and carry a species of property, de-
pendent for its existence on the local jurisdiction
of the State where it exists, outside of those States,
you ask of us too much, and more than you ever
asked before.
This question is full of embarrassments, prac-
tically. If the Constitution of the United States
carries slavery into the territories, what sort of
slavery does it carry ? Does it carry Virginia sla-
very or Delaware slavery ? Does it carry tne
slavery of Kentucky, or of some other States?
Does it carry a slavery which may be abolished
by emancipation, or does it carry a slaveiy which
cannot be abolished by emancipation unless the
Legislature consent?
Considerations of this sort might be nlultiplied
indefinitely to show the absurdity of such a prop-
osition as this. But I<will not pursue them now.
1 have only risen to say that I look upon this
i question, as I said in tlie Geginning, as one of
j transcendent importance, and that i feel myself
j bound by every consideration to resist, now and
forever, and at all times', anything that looks like
I the legislation of this country authorizing or per-
j milting the transfer of this local institution into
territories subject to the jurisdietion of the United
States.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I wish to
say one word, and one word Only, to prevent mis-
apprehension. I have Said that I looked upon
the question raised by this amendment of the hon-
orable member from Mississippi—and I intended
that the remark should include the amendment of
the honorable member from Ohio—to be of no
practical importance. That is my own opinion.
My opinion is, that it is no question at all of sla-
very or no slavery. My opinion is well known
to be that if slavery were promoted and encouraged
in the new territories, it cannot exist there. My
opinion is well known to be that there is no neces-
sity for any local prohibition of slavery in the
territories acquired from Mexico. That is my
opinion; and if it be found right or wrong here-
after, let the consequences fall upon my own head.
Others may think differently; but to me there is
not the slightest appearance of importance, one
way or the other, in the amendment proposed by
the member from Mississippi, or in that proposed
by the member from Ohio," except so far as the
latter may be necessary, in some judgments, to
exclude slavery, which might otherwise be implied
to exist there. To resist that implication," I shall
vote for the amendment, if it be pressed.
But the whole question in this case I understand
to be just this, whether the question of the establish-
ment or exclusion of slavery shall be left to the
people in the territories to decide when they
come to form a State government. Now, it is
agreed on all hands that it is a matter of municipal
law. We know that if slavery were introduced
into the territories, the moment the people formed
a State government they could abolish it. On the '
other hand, if it were prohibited, the moment they
formed a State government they could introduce
it, ifthey saw fit. Nevertheless, it is not upon that
ground 1 proceed, though I think it is a very proper
ground. 1 conceive that the proper mode of pro-
ceeding is to leave this matter to State legislation,
after the territories shall have become States. But
my ground is, standing by the declarations which
I have a thousand times made, that there is no
reasonable human probability, and that there is
therefore no substantial necessity, for doing any-
thing m organizing territorial governments touch-
ing the future existence of slavery theiein. That
is my belief. There are reasons for the exclusion
of slavery in these territories which no human
legislation can control. Acting under that con-
viction, I shall continue to give my vote here in
pursuance of it. Other gentlemen, entertaining
different opinions, will of course act as their con-
sciences may dictate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should not have
troubled the Senate with any further remarks, but
for the appeal of my friend from Alabama. Before
1 answer that appeal, however, I wish to say a
word as to the remarks of the Senator from New
Hampshire. I think we have occasion to congrat-
ulate ourselves upon the argument made by the
Senator from JN'ew Hampshire; as to that part
of it which went to show that the Constitution .
only recognizes slavery in the States, it is too
shallow to pass anywhere. Everybody knows
that slavery exists in the States, independent of
this government, and because those States author-
ize its existence. The Constitution gave to sla-
very an expansion of recognition equal to the terri-
tory of the United States? That is what it did;
and no more than that. It did not confirm and
establish it wuhin the States. The States were
independent; they were the founders of the Con-
federation; the Geneial Government came from
their hands fashioned by their will. Their insti-
tutions were not moulded by the General Govern-
ment, they preexisted and survived its formation.
But we have occasion to congratulate ourselves upon
the argument of the Senator, who has to-day made
such a demonstration that hereafter his declamation
against slavery, as a moral, social, and political
curse, must foiever cease. He has declared that
in every territory where it has not been prohibited
by positive law, slavery has been established.
From that we learn that its merit has supported it
wherever by positive law it has not been prohib-
ited. Statesmen must learn by experience of na-
tions how to guard the future from the evils of the
past. Whenever an institution has been found so
advantagous that all have desired it and unless
forbidden enjoyed it, who can deny it desetves to
