1S49.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
these party votings, no choice at all of Speaker
eould be effected.
The gentleman proposed in that resolution, he
believed it was admitted on all sides of the House, j
presented as many qualifications for the office as
any other member of the House. That he was
eminently qualified in every respect wa  admitted ,
by his political opponents, whose opposition to :
him was eniirely confined to the difference of their j,
political opinions. Being in a majority in the \ \
House, he conceived that they (the Democrats) j:
were entitled to the Speaker: he knew of no good j'
reason why they should not have the Speaker. ;
Certainly, if their political opponents were in a J
majority here, he believed it would be right and j,
fair that they should have the Speaker. But both ;
parties had tried over and over again to elect their ]'
candidate, and had failed. If they now failed to :
effect an organization, upon whom would the re- i
sponsibility rest? It might be said that it would j
rest upon those who refused to unite with either ;
party. But could any considerable portion of it
rest upon the Democratic party ? Though they
had failed to concentrate with sufficient force upon
their candidate to elect him, still it could not be
expected that, being in the majority, they should '
voluntarily retire from the contest; but it seemed jj
to him that the Whig party, some considerable;;
portion of them at least, might meet them (the De- j |
mocracy) upon the candidate whom he had pre- t
sented—a candidate universally acknowledged to ;■
be eminently qualified to preside over the deliber-
ations of this body and direct its proceedings. He
spoke for himself alone*, he was willing that a fair ,
division of the offices of the House should take .
place between the Whigs and Democrats, if it ,
could be made acceptable to their political oppo- ,
nents. He applauded the generous sentiments ex- ,
pressed by the gentleman from North Carolina i
[Mr. Stanly] yesterday, who had said he was
willing to see a Democratic Speaker elected.
Mr.-STANLY. Not at all. I said no such
thing.
Mr. BROWN. You were very much misun-
derstood in this quarter of the House then.
Mr. STANLY. I said plainly, that sooner tnan
that this House should continue disorganized, i
would take a Democratic Speaker; and I say so
now. While up, let me ask the gentleman how he
counts a Democratic majority here? Does he in-
clude the Wilmot proviso men in his party ? ,
Mr. BROWN replied, if we exclude the Free-
Soilers on both sides, the Democrats have a ma- !j
jority over the Whigs. If you count them on \
both sides, dividing them according to their party
predilections, we still have a majority of-'one, and j
this if all the peats were occupied; but it is the
misfortune of the Whigs to have four absentees—
Mr. King of Georgia, Mr. Gentry of Tennessee,  ,
Mr. Julian of Indiana, and Mr. Palfrey of Mas- j;
sachusettp, who had failed of his election. /I his h
"ives us the advantage by five votes. We all j;
know, if you exclude the Free-Soilers entirely,
counting them on neither side, our majority is not ii
thereby diminished, but is increased by two or
three votes. , ,A
He did not intend to demand that a vote should
be taken upon the resolution. His object in m- j,
troducingit had been that he might have an op-
portunity, on his own responsibility alone, to can
upon the Whigs, if they were desirous of organ-
izing the House, to unite with them to accomplish
that object. They being in a minority, could Let- ,
tcr do it than to ask them (the Democrats) to come ,
over to them. If no gentleman desired to discuss
the resolution he would now withdraw it. ,
Mr. LEVIN wished to ask a question ot the
gentleman. .
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
bv what course oi reasumug ;
crats had a majority here, that he had come to h
conclusion that the Whigs, being the .
were responsible forthe organization of the HoObe . ;
Mr. BROWN replied that he had considered it
unnecessary to explain what every gentleman ,
knew Ihat a portion of that majority was made
uo of Free-Soil Democrats, who had heretofore ,
refused to act with the great body of their Party> i:
the Whi  Free-Soilers had refused to act with <j
theirs- and'without them they (the Democrats)
were unable 10 command a majority of the ■votesi of ;;
the House. Toe question was, whether the Whig
party would leid them sufficient support to elect a i,
Mr' LEVIN washed to,know of the gentleman
, what course of reasoning it was if the Demo-
man, or whether they should continue their votings
for Speaker ad infinitum 1
Mr. THOMPSON, >-f Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor, and yielded for an expiation to
Mr. ROOT, who referred to an error made in
the report by the Globe of his remarks of yester-
day, in which he had been made to refer to the late
Speaker of the House, (the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts,) and to say that that gentle-
man would perhaps be willing to submit his claims
to the chair to a committee of the House, com-
posed of three Whigs and three Democrats. He
had made no allusion to the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts; he presumed the gentlpman
had not so understood him, and he regretted that
anybody who had not heard him should have been
led to suppose he could have made such an allusion
to that gentleman under the circumstances. He
had made some allusion to the gentleman fiom
Georgia, and in that pait of his remarks had leaned
that way, which,he presumed, might have misled
; the reporter. Nor was the reporter to blame.
! The worst of it was, that he (Mr. R.) had had
' it in his power to prevent the mistake, having had
' the report submitted to him before publication, and
: in hastily looking over having failed to notice it.
i Mr. W1NTHROP begged leave to assure the
gentleman from Ohio, that owing to the " noise and
confusion " of the Hall he had not accurately
heard the remarks of the gentleman, nor had he
yet read the report. But without having heard or
read them, he felt quite sure, from his knowledge
of the courtesy of that gentleman, that he intended
no disrespect. .
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, addressed the
Clerk, intimating that he wished toproposea mod-
ification of Mr. "Brown's resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON claimed the floor, and said
if the gentleman was going to offer a distinct prop-
osition, he preferred first to submit the remarks,
! which he had to make. ;
; Mr. BUTLER, however, was allowed to sug- ,
gest that the proposition of the gentleman from
Mississippi be received in blank, and that the
House proceed, not knowing exactly wnere their
votes would fall this morning, to fill the blank; that
the name receiving the highest number of votes
should be inserted, and the vote of the House then
be taken upon the resolution. If it did not carry
m that form, that the name receiving the next
' highest number of votes should be inserted, and
' the vote a ain taken upon the resolution thus filled,
ii Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania said: Mr.
i' Clerk I am about to offer a resolution; but before
i doing so, I will avail myself of the privilege others
1 have taken, of making; some remarks to precede
I it We have now been nine or ten days endeavor-
in'gto organize this House by the election of a
^residing officer. We have heretofore failed.
ii That it is important, vastly important, that we
i> should organize, every gentleman, I think, must ,
I' feel. The country is becoming alarmed at the }i
state of affairs existing here. We are sent here jj
: with the assent of all our constituents on one point, ,|
and that is, to organize So get into a position by
which we might discuss and decide great questions
interesting to the country. W"e were expected to
organize-all agreed upon this. The diversity of j
opinion, if it must exist on any or a.l subjects, |
must follow this organization. V, e have been
elected to constitute a Cingress—we must do that,
or disappoint all our constituents. W hy have we
not organized? We have taken positions before
the countiy that are haid to reepde from, it mus
in some way be receded from-somebody must
recede Hoi « it to be done ? Bat_ this is not
the most important part of the proposition 1 mean
, to offer. It may, in the present crisis, oe import-
' ant to organize under some gentleman who may,
in fact, be selected without knowing wno has e e-
■ vated him to the responsible position. A gentle-
; man from Ohio, a few days since, proposed to bal-
' lot for Speaker. I voted against the resolution,
because I believed we could still elect by the
course adopted and in practice for me las, ten
vears. This expectation has failed. Some other
expedient must be adopted. This ts theonly one,
_  l. • !. 1 am oUftn? I
could do would be, to give a bare majority oa
any of the committees that may be supposed as
likely to have charge of ttiese exciting questions.
A minority could always present its views, and
the preponderance of one in a committee would
not give any preponderance in the House.—not
in the least. Under these views of the subject, I
feel confident in saying that f am sure no gentle-
man who could be selected from this' side of the
, House would occupy that chair with a partial or
i sectional predetermination. He would not carry,
1 or attempt to carry with him, sectional views. I
am equally sure that if a gentleman on the other
side should be successful, that while he might
maintain his principles, he would be equally clear
I of prejudices or local and sectional views. But
suppose gentlemen should fear this on both sides
' of the House: the House has the power in their
own hands—they can select the committees, or
particular committees, and relieve the Speaker of
the responsibility. This can be donev I am aware
: that the Democratic doctrine has always been
' with tr y respected friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
1 Thompson,] that it implies a want of independ-
ence anywhere to introduce the proposition to
vote by ballot. It may conduce not only to the
independence of the members here/but also to
the independence of the Speaker, when elected.
Sir, I desire an organization of this body. The
country is looking on with anxiety on the sub-
ject—with uneasiness. The country is alarmed
at the delay. It will go forth to the world, that
dangers exist in organizing the Congress of the
United States. It will be felt everywhere. Let
I us avoid this impression, if possible, and quiet
[ fears. I desire no shelter or secrecy for my vote,
i I care not who knows how I shall vote. U
may or may not be unniversally so. Try the
: experiment. If it does not prove .successful,
! abandon it. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved. That the members present will proceed to vote,
' by ballot, for Speaker, and will, under ihe resolution, eon
tinue to ballot until four o'clock this day, unless a Speaker
I he sooner elected; and that no molion to adjourn, or for any
, other purpose, shall be made until the hour above-named
j shall have atrived.
! Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose and de-
l! sired to be informed by the Clerk, how many
i1 resolutions could be piled one upon another.
!: The Clerk replied, that was a question which
!■ the House, and not the Clerk, must decide.
I Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said that,
he should not have offered the resolution which he
li had presented, but for the supposition that the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] did not
expect to take a vote on his resolution; that inas-
much as there was no desire to debate it,he would
not urge it to a vote. Under this impression it was
that he had offered his resolution.
Mr. CAR.TTER offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved That any person who may be elected Speaker
of thT House shall be divested of the power to construct
the District and Territorial Committees, and that the same
' i shall be made by a vote of the House.
Mr THOMAS stated that in the Globe and Ja-
il telligencer of this morning, credit was given to him
II for some remarks which had been made by his
j! honorable colleague, [Mr. Harris,] and he deemed
■ it a matter of justice to that gentleman thus to
, notice the mistake.
Whi'e up, he would occupy the attention of the
House only to add, that in company, he believed,
with almost the entire Democracy of the South,
he had yesterday voted for the member from In-
diana; and that he should not have voted for him,
had he known the facts as they were subsequently
disclosed. He supposed this to be the feeling of
the entire southern Democracy—at least of the
Democracy from his own Slat® m tms House.
M- C A UTTER, said, that the House was in-
volving itself in a premature controversy on the
' subject of slavery, and was presenting itself before
the country in the ridiculous attitude of masting• a
! crave issue upon a mere ceremonial matter The-
purpose to be accomplished by the election of
Soeaker, as he humbly conceived, was not to mdi-
* • i~11i-v-vanto nf flip TTousfi esne-
expedient must be adopted. Ini* is th« only o . , ^ political sentiments of tihe House espe-
the one which 1 am about to P™P0S\™'-1 Hv but to resolve themselves into an organized
by ballot; that seems to vary the monotony of the , cia y, sentiments of the people,
pit, and present a prospect of an organ,zaion n . ^e^ar y ^ ^ ^ of
the future. Let us try it—if not succf^|4'> tr/f i tion anj disorder; and for gentlemen represent-
something else. I do not think the eUt on of ;ntem?ent constituencies to make an issue upon
Speaker of such great consequence m relation to g !iar vieW3 of the Speaker, appealed to
these exciting questions—not at all, str. AU ne „ p
