1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
be cherished? How, with the evidence he adduces,
can the Senator from New Hampshire deny that
slavery is a moral, social, and political blessing?
This is the end of the Senator's argument; there
he must stop, for that is the unavoidable conclusion.
The great confidence I have in my friend from
Alabama, [Mr. King,] always inclines me to ac-
cept any advice he may offer. I wish 1 could do
so on tins occasion; but I would say to him that
his whole argument rests on his opinion that the
amendment is unnecessary. I entertain a dif-
ferent view; and now I ask, notwithstanding; the
great disparity between the experience and in-
formation of that Senator and my own, why, if it
is to him a matter of small account, and to me it is
a matter of importance, it is that he asks me to
yield to him rather than he to me? His whole ar- ;
gument is, that the amendment effects nothing. If j
it effects nothing, it certainly cannot be objection- j
able on account of any tendency it has to do i
harm. All that is in the amendment, he says, is
contained in the biil.
Mr. KING. 1 said the amendment would effect
nothing beneficial, inasmuch as the territorial
legislatures, having a right to pass laws, might
embrace in (heir legislation all the regulations
necessary to govern property of every description.
But it is injurious, by making the bill such as to |
prevent iis meeting the approbation of a majority !
of the Senate, as many individuals give it a con- j
struction different from what I give it, supposing '
that the proviso actually intioduces slavery into
the territory.
Mr. DAVIS. That cannot be drawn from the j
language of the amendment. It may have been j
inferred from some remarks others have made. J
But I would say to my fuend fiom Alabama that !
we lepresent a minority. He and myself are in
the minority of Congress on any sectional question.
Our purpose should be, therefore, not to evade
the question; not to leave it for want of language
to a doubtful construction; but whenever a ques-
tion is raised, we should meet it distinctly and
eetlle it at once. My object is now to setile the
question, not to pass a bill which shall settle
nothing. 1 am not here striving for the passage
of a bill which is to receive a construction heie-
after, a consiruction given it by a majority, when
I leprescnt a nnnoiuy. If the amendment amount
to no moie than the bill, it can do no harm. If it
is the tame, why not adopt it and close the ques-
tion.—settle ihe construction now, and prevent the
dni-ussion and asiiation of this subject in the next
Congress? 1 did misunderstand the Senator from
Massachusetts as saying the institution of slavery
was a question of no importance, but the amend-
ment, because it effected nothing more than was
contained m the bill. He said he was willing to
declare that the territorial legislature should not be
invested with power to admit or exclude slavery.
That is in the amendment as alieady proposed.
Mr. WEBSTER. That is in the bill aiso.
Mr. DAVIS. That is questionable, and there-
foie the amendment has ueen extended by the
Senator from Maryland, that the legislature in the
territory shall not establish or exclude slavery.
Tne whole purpose, so far as that is concerned,
is already answered. But, though the legislature
shall have no power to admit or exclude slavery,
if we have a right to take slaves into the territory,
it is necessary that the legislature have power to
govern them, not merely- as persons, but as prop-
erly; for they occupy that two-fold relation where-
ever they exist. I wish to prevent the possibility
of a conflict on construction hereafter, and, whilst
there is a provision inhibiting the territorial legis-
lature from establishing or piohibtting slavery, we
give thefa power to protect that property, if it is
permitted to go there. My difficulty is this; Sup-
pose that at the next session of Congress there
should come from that territorial legislature a bill
for an act to arrest runaway slaves, and some one
should assert that such a law was a law to esiablish
slavery, because without law or police regulations
slavery could not exist, and therefoie it might be
argued, that law which is essential to its existence
is a law to establish slavery, i can readily imagine
the position being taken, and the manner in which
it will be. sustained. If 1 could feel that the con-
st! uetion which the honorable Senator from Massa-
c msetts has given this language would be adhered
t>, i should feel that there would be no danger
fiom it. But to those who hold this ground there
is nothing objectionable m the amendment. It
merely declares that which, as moral and consci-
entious men, they are willing to abide by without
the amendment. Then I ask them, in a spirit of
morality and conscientiousness, to assist me m
passing theamendment, thus to prevent a construc-
tion which is not now given to it, and which none
do avow.
Mr. DAYTON. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Mississippi, and others who
think with him, to one iatmliar illustration to
which my mind recurs. "Ihe amendment which
the Senator from Massachusetts suggests, that he
has seen in the hands of the Senator from Indiana,
is ah amendment providing against the establish-
ment or prohibition ot slavery in the territones.
The Senator from Mississippi puts a case. He
says, suppose a runaway negro should get into the
territories, and that the territorial legislature should
pass a law respecting runaway negroes for the
puipose of protecting that species of property?
it such language or phraseology were employed,
j he says some one might rise up and say that was
! a law establishing Atncan slavery. Now, take a
! familiar expression, contained in the Constitution
! of the United States, and perhaps in that of almost
' eveiy State in the Union. There is this language
I there, that you shall pass no law respecting the
! establishment of religion. Now, there is not a
State in the Union winch has not passed laws re-
specting property of leiigious assemblies, respect-
ing the worship of religious assemblies, directing,
controlling them, securing their rights, and giving
every possible police law which is necessary.
Now, this is the identical language proposed in
this amendment. What difficulty is there in adopt-
ing it?
i Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
New Jersey must recollect thattheie is now a sec-
1 tional fanaticism warring against this institution,
: and that those who intend to maintain our rights
I must look to that sectional fanaticism and to its
! objects.
I Mr. DAYTON. I was looking at this question
i as one of legal and judicial construction, 'i'he lan-
! guage employed is that winch has been applied to
! an exactly analogous case, and, as I suppose, has
j been so applied in every State in the Union,
i Mr. DAVIS. I look upon it as a political le-
i gisiative question, and that is the view which is
| constantly presented to us.
I Mr. CHASE. 1 am so much afraid that, in the
[ debate which has arisen, the amendment v^hich X
' had Lhe honor to offer wilt be overlooked, that I
ask to have it agaid read.
! it was accordingly read.
i Mr. OAdS. tar. President, a letter of mine
I which seems to have become somewhat historical,
i has been so often referred to in this discussion,
! and so many constructions have been put upon it,
tnat I feel called upon to read a portion of it, that
it may speak for itself. Like tlie leaves of the
Sybils, it it i-.as any meaning, it would appear it is
so daik that every twan may lead it his own way,
or, m fact, no wuy at all. My friend from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Downs] has iemarked that the Senate
has aheady been confounded with a number of ex-
j planatiom of that letter. Sir, I repeat again what
I i said emphatically upon a former occasion, that,
! if any man nu^understanus that letter, the fault is
his, not mine. I have heretofore appealed upon
this subject, and have inquued whether, at the
time my Atcholson letter appeared, it was not dis-
; tmctly understood that it, took the ground I have
j since taken, that the inhabitants of a territory have
a right, subject of course to the limitations of the
| Constitution, to regulate the subject of slavery for
j themselves, and especially was the appeal directed
\ to the southern Senators who weie here at the
; time the letter appeared, some of whom, and espe-
i cially the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. But-
ler] and the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Dams,] signified their assent to my proposition. 1
will read a portion of the letter, to show that it
ought nat to be misunderstood. Speaking ol the
right to establish territorial government, l^ay:
! " But certain it is that the prnjcipie o( interference should
i not lit carried l>e>oiui the neeessKiy implication winch pro-
■ duces it. it should he inmttd tu tiie creation ot proper
[ governments foi new countries, acquired or settled, and to
i the nccc^ary provi-ion loi their eventual admission into
the Union ; icannin Ihe mean time, to /ki'people inhabiting
j them to tegulute tk> n internal concerns in their own way."
j Is there one man on this floor who has now any
! doubt as to the true interpretation of this [eiter?
I Now that the excitement of an election has passed
away, and we can all look coolly at things as they
are, is there any man here or elsewhere who can
put any oilier cons'ruction upon this letter than
that which its words plainly import, that in the
" mean tune,11 during the pendency of the terri-
torial governments, " they should be allowed to
manage their own concerns in their own way?"
Does not slavery come within this category? Is
it not a domestic concern? Is not that the doc-
trine of the South, of common sense, indeed ? No
territorial government was ever established which
had not power to regulate the domestic relations
of husband and wife, of parent and child, and of
guardian and ward ; and if the inhabitants are
competent to manage these great interests, and in-
deed the interests belonging to all the departments
of society, including the issues*of life and death,
i| are they not competent to manage the relation of
'i master and servant, involving the condition of
j! slavery ?
|! Mr. President, there has been a good deal said
to-day upon the suhject of the rights of the terri-
tories, 1 am not going info the discussion of that
subject at all. I have already occupied my full
share of the attention of ^e Senate in the explana-
tion of my views respecting it. The distinguished
|j Senator fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] says
Ii we have sovereignty over the tenitones. 1 am
ii not to be led from my path by that word sover-
i! eignty, which we have so often heard invoked
ji here, as though it were a kind of open sesame,
•I which opened all power to the Genera! Govern-
!; ment. If you can find that word in the Constitu-
Uon, which you cannot, and that it confers any
11 authority upon Congress, so be it ; there is an end
'•\ of the question, and we may lawfully exercise
J1 what is thus granted. But if the word is not
! there, what right have you to introduce it here as
;; the foundation of congressional power? My doc-
;! trine is this—I have already explained ltat length,
and 1 shall now but briefly refer to it, as thesub-
jijectisin my way—my doctrine, I say, is this:
j, that there is no provision in the Constitution pro-
• ! viding for the establishment of territorial govern-
l! ments, and, without going into the matter at all
j] 1 would only remark, that the various clauses and
\[ considerations, in the Constitution and out of the
Constitution, which have been adverted to in sup-
port of the power—I think a classification of them
! makes thirteen—and the teasons,quite as various,
; urged to e&tabhsh them, are enough, were there
l no other reasons, to call in question the right in
! Congress to regulate this subject. A few plain
' words would have settled the matter forever, had
| the Convention intended to grant the power. They
i are not there, nor anything like them, and we are
! driven to forced interpretation and to remote anal-
! ogies for a great political power, instead of being
! able to put a finger upon the grant itself. My
j position is, that, lor certain reasons, which I will
; not recapitulate, as I have aheady explained them
; at length, the necessity for providing governments
' for territories was neither forseeen nor provided
for, such governments having already been insti-
tuted by the old Congress in all the territory
belonging to the United States, and new acquisi-
tions not being within the contemplation ot the
statesmen of that period. My doctrine, further,
is, that it is the moral duty of any country making
acquisitions, to take care that tney are supplied
with governments agreeably to the nature ol their
institutions. It is one of the duties of sovereignty,
i1 if you so please—for that is using the word to a
| legitimate purpose—defining, as it does, certain re-
:! iations, and not being made to convey power to
l| any department of a Government owing its exist-
\\ ence to the popular will, and deriving its authority
j, from a written constitution, which withholds all
j that is not granted. The American people are the
i; true sovereigns of this country,and entitled as such
!' to exeicise all power which fairly belongs to that
!' relation. But no department of their Government
■ : can have such powers, under this attribute of sov-
i ereignty, unless it is expressly conferred upon
; them. If not granted, it is reserved to the people,
i Now, I have said I acknowledge the duty uf pro-
;! viding governments for the territories, but as the
!i people have not granted that authority, when the
li case arises and Congress acts upon it, they yield
|, to a pressing necessity, and must throw themselves
:i upon their constituents for justifi.a ion. If they
'j believe there is a just necessity for action, they
!j will be supported; if not, they must fall. In such
ji a case I should not hesitate thus to act, and would
