26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
him beneath the mind of the House, and incon-
sistent with due deference to its character. He
proposed that some gentleman, well qualified in
all the elements of statesmanship, and in all the
tactics of parliamentary law, should be chosen to
preside over the deliberations of the House; and
that the composition of the two most important
committees—which was, in fact, the cause of all
the difficulties they had encountered in attempting
to organize—should be left to be decided by the
House. He argued, that a Speaker should be
elected, not so much with reference to his peculiar
local views, (which he was not expected to carry
out in the administration of the office,) as with
reference to his general qualifications and abilities,
and urged gentlemen on all sides to come forward
and put an end to the disorganized attitude in
which they had presented themselves since the
meeting of Congress.
Mr. MEADE said: Neither of the resolutions
before the House strikes at the root of the evil
which affects the House. We have been acting
for eight days a farce before the people, at a cost
to them of $3,000 a day. which all will agree is
becoming less and less entertaining. The cause
which has prevented the organization of the House
is the fear of the introduction of bills before the
House from certain committees which will pro-
duce discussion and agitation on a question which
threatens the peace and integrity of the country—
bills which, if passed, will either destroy this Con-
federacy, or enslave a large portion of it. Under
the pressure of the present difficulties which sur-
round up, a fair opportunity is offered to draw
forth from both sides of the House all the con-
servative materials of which each is composed. I
have anxiously looked for some Curtius from the
North, who, regardless of personal consequences
to himself, will leap into the gulf which yawns
for the peace and happiness of this Union. Sir,
let a proposition be made and supported by those
who are desirous of crushing this demon of dis-
cord, for the purpose of uniting the conservatism
on both sides, in opposition to any measure which
shall look to the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict, or a prohibition of it in the Territories. If
such a proposition should be adopted, I should be
willing to take a Speaker from either side of the
House, relying upon him to carry out the views
thus expressed by a majority of this body.
But, sir, if the organization of this House is to
be followed by the passage of these bills—if these
outrages are to be committed upon my people, I
trust in God, sir, that my eyes have rested upon
the la$t Speaker of the House of Representatives.
This expression is not the ebullition of feeling; it
contains sentiments I have wdl considered and
often expressed, publicly and privately. They
are entertained in common with the people I repre-
sent. And I tell gentlemen, if these measures be
passed, there will be but one determination at the
South—one solemn resolve to defend their homes
and maintain their honor. Let this issue come
• when it may, and you will find every southern
sinew converted into a spring of steel. I do not
utter this as a thient. I am proud to believe that
our race on both sides of the line are equally brave;
but gentlemen will find a difference between men
contending for their firesides, and the robbers who
are seeking to despoil them of their rights, and
degrade them before the world. If there be any
southern man who would refuse to stand by his
country in such an emergency, [" There are
none," said several voices,] he would not merely
be execrated by his own people, but his own chil-
dren would heap curses upon his grave.
Mr. ROOT remarked upon the great difficulty
which he had in telling what was the precise ques-
tion before the House, three propositions, he
said, having1 been made, viz: the first, to elect
the Speaker by ballot; the second, to deprive the
Speaker of powers usually exercised by him in
reference to constituting the committees; and the
third, to moderate the snirit of anarchy which was
abroad in the land. He would endeavor to notice
these propositions in their order.
He proceeded to express his opposition to the
vote by ballot, stating that while he disclaimed im-
puting any such intention to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,]or to his colleague,
[Mr.ScHSNGK,] who had previously offered a sim-
ilar proposition, it would b© likely to be construed
by the people as a proposition to enable gentlemen,
by skulking under the ballot, to vote differently
from the manner in which they would vote\hen
a record was made. He argued that the proposi-
tion was in violation of the spirit of the constitu-
tional provision, which required the votes of gen-
tlemen to be recorded by yeas and nays, if so
small a number as one fifth of the members present
demanded it, and expressed for himself the desire
to have recorded all the votes cast by him in his
representative capacity, so that every one of the
100,000 free people whom he represented should
have the opportunity of knowing: how he voted.
He next noticed the proposition made by bis
colleague from the Stark district, [Mr. Cartter,]
to deprive the Speaker of the power of appoint-
ment of certain committees, and said it reminded
him of the performance which he had heard had
somewhere been advertised to be played—of Ham-
4et, with the part of Hamlet omitted! [A laugh.]
He held that the man who was fit to be elected to
fill the office of Speaker—the third only in rank,
influence, and consideration in the Government—
should not be divested of his most important
functions, viz: the appointment of the committees
of the House. Moreover, if the proposition were
adopted, he reckoned, yea, being a Yankee, he
guessed, that the House would have about as much
trouble in appointing each member of the three
committees whose appointment was proposed to
be taken from the Speaker. The same old ques-
tion would arise; the same terrible demon would
have its horns up. It w'ould not answer for a
good dodge. If it were intended to open a hole
for tender-footed Free-Soil Democrats to escape
by, it would not answer the purpose. They
could not get out of it. No; they must face the
music—God help them ! This House would con-
tinue to present itself in.a " disorganized attitude,"
(to use the language of his colleague, Mr. Cart-
ter,) a good while before those gentlemen eseaped
through such a loop-hole; and if they got through,
they would find worse troubles just beyond. " It
was a poor device, if that were its object. Of
; course he did not impute to his colleague any such
design, for he took the gentleman to be one of
those who were in the habit of marching boldly
up and taking the animal by the horns. Cer-
tainly there was no want of vehemence and de-
cision in the gentleman's manner: he (Mr. R )
reckoned that the matter would be pretty much
of the same sort, particularly if there was no such
loop-hole as this left. He repeated, it would not
do. The same difficulty which the proposition
sought to avoid, would, if it were adopted, re-
main in the appointment of each individual of the
three committees. The committees were com-
posed of nine members each; three times nine were
twenty-seven; so that they might have twenty-
seven times as much difficulty as at present, with
the exception that he supposed* his senior col-
league, [Mr. Giddings,] would be appointed upon
the Committee on the District of Columbia unani-
mously, as a matter of course. [A laugh.]
He now came to the other matter—the dissolu-
tion of the Union, or that kind of moderation
which was to prevent it. He trusted, with the
calm, moderate counsels of such gentlemen as the
honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,]
we would get along without dissolution. [A laugh ]
Nothing was' better calculated to allay all such
agitation than the kind of speeches of which they
had just heard a specimen from that gentleman.
[Laughter.] However, if dissolution must come,
why, the sooner the better. Let it come before the
Ho.use was organized; for he took it, that if they
were to dissolve in their present if disorganizie$
attitude," it would1 not be binding. [A laugh.] It
would not be irremediable. There would be some
hope that it might be set aside. So, if dissolution
were to be the result, he said the sooner the better—
before the House was organized; for if, ^fter or-
ganization,-it should come by some such process
as reporting a bill for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, why then would come
the time for fight in defence of the wife, the little
ones, the household gods, and all other household
furniture!
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] had
said he had been waiting, until his patience was
exhausted, to see some northern man come for-
waid with the olive-branch! The gentleman said
he had expected it! Now he (Mr. R.) desired to
know if that gentleman, and other southern gen-
tlemen, really expected any such thing? He (Mr.
R.) looked around here and saw men overflowing
with patriotism—chock-full; but he did not. see
any one he thought particularly ambitious of po-
litical martyrdom. If a northern man could be
found to come forward and stultify not only him-
self but his constituents and the whole North, by
saying that they would not meet this question, he
was provided for! Let him bespeak the fagots,
[a laugh,] and if he had a wife and as many
children as John Rogers, let them all get their
Sunday clothes on, for they would want to see
their daddy for the last time. [Laughter.]
He noticed the computation made by Mr.
Brown, of Mississippi, to show that the Demo-
cratic party had the majority in the House, and
expressed his doubts as to its correctness. He
did not know the gentleman's data; but his word
for it, to make out a majority to enable them to
elect a Speaker, that party would have to reckon
some of the rankest kind of Free-Soilers—-not only
Wilmot-proviso men, but the Wilmot Proviso
himself; and referred, in a manner which elicited
much merriment, to the attempt by which they
had yesterday, by combining so incongruous ele-
ments, come so near electing a Speaker, which,
however, was defeated by a very few leaks, owing
to a defective cooperage. [A laugh.] They had
almost come U—not quite. There was nothing,
however, in that result, he thought, to discourage
them. They shou'd keep on trying. There was
no knowing how it would work. The South
had stood up well; and what was more, they
would not stanrl any aspersion upon their candi-
date. There was getting to be a very desirable
union. And he judged,though, owing to the " noise
and confusion," he had not heard very distinctly—
that the policy which their candidate proposed to
pursue was precisely that advocated by his (Mr.
R.'s) colleague [Mr. Cartter] to-day, viz: to leave
out the three committees; or, in other words, their
Speaker—in case he had been elected—was to ap-
point them to the satisfaction of the gentleman
J from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot.] There was
Hamlet, with the Hamlet omitted! Why,* they
had got the thing all cut and dried—the whole ar-
ranged. He did not want to interfere in this diffi-
culty at all. He knew better, He was not so
fond of a fight as to lead him into it. He had
seen enough of " the chivalry " to make him a
little cautious. He had listened to the remarks of
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Bttrt]
with pleasure, as he always did; for, though he
did not always concur in all the gentleman spoke,
he was usually out and out—you knew where to
find him. But as the thing had progressed, though
more interesting, it became more confused. He
had only a promiscuous idea of it. But he had
heard the din, seen the dust, and smelt the smoke
of the fight; and the way the "chivalry" had
charged upon their quondam candidate—particu-
larly towards the close of the battle—had satisfied
him (Mr. R.) that it would be as well ne^er to get
into any fuss with those gentlemen if he could
help it. It reminded him of the wood-cut he had
seen representing a band of prairie wolves which
; had got a buffalo-calf. [Laughter.] His eyes
I glared, and they were at him on all sides—one
pulling this way, and another that—some getting
on to the backs of the others, to get a nip at him.
It was a mo^t gallant scene ! [A laugh.]
He (Mr. R.) did not know that he was suffi-
ciently acquainted with the gentleman from Indi-
ana to indulge the expression of his compassion
for him; but he confessed he felt bad. But it was
a glorious fight! [laughterj and what was more—
as the battle waged hotter and hotter, as the vic-
tim's strength was almost spent, his tongue out,
and his eyes glaring, his assailants flashed fiercer
and fiercer, [laughter.] Well, now, if that man
was not brought to a condition where he could be
trusted on the slavery question, he would like to
know how any man could be. [Laughter.]
[After one or two sentences, of which the words
t{ I pity a man who undergoes such an ordeal,"
and " Mason and Dixon's line,"alone were heard
by the reporter, Mr. R. further said:]
He meant no offence to the gentleman from In-
diana, or any other gentleman who saw fit to try a
similar experiment. The time had been when the
highest recommendation to the Democracy of the
North, was that a man was entirely satisfactory to
the Democrats of the South Bu^, according to
his almanac, that time had passed, rever to return.
Northern gentlemen must satisfy their folks at
home after this.
