1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
like a lawyer as like an American Senator, who
believes the powers of this Government are to be
found in the Constitution, and who believes also
iri the rights of man. There is many a great
question not to be found in the law reports. -The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts is willing
to give to the territorial legislature jurisdiction over
all the concerns of life, over all the domestic rela-
tions but one, over the whole systerr\of policy which
is to mark the future character of ths community,
but one he would except^ because the territories
are under the control of the General Government.
Let me ask him if he supposes this Government,
be it administered by whom it may, is going to
interpose, if it could, in the subject of slavery in
the territories ?
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman begs the
question. I will tell the gentleman that we deny
many powers. There were many territories, in
our history, where they were obliged to send up
their laws for revision till they became States.
Many were obliged to send up certain laws for
revision. The gentleman begs the question when
hefsays I allow the territorial authority over every
subject but one. I allow no authority but what is
given by an act of Congress, under which they are
formed.
Mr. CASS. The gentleman will allow me to
say, and I have a right to say it, as I have lived
under a territorial government a large portion of
my life, that he is in error when he supposes that
the restriction of the powers of these legislatures,
as to the questions of a strictly domestic charac-
ter, is a common feature of congressional legisla-
tion. I recollect but one provision, which comes
clearly within this rule, and this was a prohibi-
tion against banking, introduced when there was
a mama upon that subject, and when in fact the
question was in some measure a general one, as
the money of these banks went everywhere. I
will not speak positively, but I recollect no other
case at this time—always, of course, excepting
the proviso now known as the Wilmot proviso.
I am speaking now, not of a provision requiring
the territorial laws to be sent here for considera-
tion, but of a previous restriction prohibiting the
territorial legislatures from acting upon the sub-
ject. The honorable gentleman "is also in error
wiien he supposes there is any provision requiring
the territorial laws to be submitted to Cor.giess,
and to be approved by that body before going into
operation.
Mr. WEBSTER. I did not say that.
Mr. CASS. I so understood the gentleman.
These laws are to be submitted to Congress, not
for confirmation, but for consideration, with the
view, I suppose, to repeal or modify such as
might appear, unconstitutional or improper. Eut
I can recall only one case where this power has
been exercised, and that is in relation to banking.
1 again ask why this case of slavery should be
excepted from the jurisdiction of the territorial
legislatures? The Senator from Massachusetts
says we have excepted many other cases. But 1
repeat that he labors under a misapprehension
upon that subject. I consider the people of a ter-
ritory just as competent to settle this question as
the people of a State; and 1 believe a man knows
just as much when he goes to a territory as he did
before he went there. And I believe, further,
that we have no territory where the American
settlers will not exercise a preponderating influ-
ence overall public afFaiis. The inhabitants will
always have a legislatme which will reflect [heir
wishes; and, if they desire slavery, they will have
it, and if they do not, they will exclude it, unless
prevented by the Constitution. The simple(ques-
tion is, why you take from them one of then-
natural rights—the right of regulating one of then-
domestic relations? Thegentleman told us just now
that he did notdesire to see the question ot shivery
agitated in the teiri'.nries. Sir, this is just where 1
desire to see it agitated, if agitated it must be, as
it will do far le.-s i'jury there than here. Why,
then, I repeat, do you make a distinction between
this right and anv other? *
Mr. WEBSTER. I will suggest to the honor-
able member that we do not allow them to appoint
their own governor or their own judges.
Mr. CASS. I am willing to allow them to
choose their own governors. But that is not a
question involving the domestic relations; it is a
political question. 1 am well aware, as I slated on
a Jjjrmer occasion, that it is difficult to draw an
exact jjne between all the provisions which belong
fairly to the power to organize governments—such
as the appointment of officers, the qualification of
voters, and the like, and the rights that belong to
the domestic forum. It is enough to say, that if
the power to regulate the condition of master and
servant does not belong to the latter, nothing does;
as to the judges, their decisions may be carried to
the Supreme Court, and reversed or affirmed, as
may be proper. And, so far as respects the gov-
ernor, I do not believe there was ever one yet who
could control the territorial legislation; and it is a
poor compliment to the enterprising and intelligent
men who emigrate to these new regions to attribute
to them such an influence. My confidence is
equally in the people, whether they live in a State
or a Territory.
Mr. BERRIEN. There is, as it occurs to me,
an afnswer to the question of the Senator from
Michigan, which will justify the provision con-
templated to be introduced into this bill. That
inquiry, 1 understand to be, why, if all other do-
mestic relations are within the scope of legislative
authority, that of the master and slave should not
be? The answer which seems to me to be suffi-
cient is this: There is no diversity of opinion, no
diversity of interest between the different States
in this Union, with regard to these other domestic
relations. The inhabitants of a territory about to
be organized, in the condition of the one now un-
der consideration, are composed of persons grad-
ually successive, emigrating from different States
of the Union, with views respecting this slave in-
terest which are distinct and conflicting. To invest
the first territorial legislature which should assem-
ble with power to control an interest m relation to
which there is such a conflict in the different States
of«the Union, would be to permit a handful of
men to decide upon conflicting interests affecting
the feelings and interests of thirty States of this
Union. This population is not full; it is not per-
manent; it 13 successively added to, and added by
persons who have different interests from those
who are to be invested, according to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Michigan, with the right
to legislate upon this subject. Now, if the few
persons who happen to be in a territory where a
bill of this sort shall be passed, shall have power
to forbid the introduction of slavery into the ter-
ritory, that small number of persons are enabled
to decide upon the rights of a much greater num-
.bcr of citizens of the United States than they con-
stitute. The inhibition once existing, no person
can go into the territory with interests conflicting
with those of the persons by whom this inhibition
has been imposed. 1 think the Senator from
Michigan will admit that there is a distinction
between this question of domestic slavery and that
of all other relations of life. There is a commu-
nity of interest with regard to all other domestic
relations, existing between the different States,
which does not exist and cannot be affirmed with
regard to the institution of slavery.
Mr. BUTLER. The difference between the
Senator from Michigan ard myself is not veiy im-
portant. 1 have always understood the Senator
from Michigan as maintaining the broad doctrine
that if Congress has any power in the first in-
stance to give the faculty, if 1 may use the phrase,
to the people of a territory to legislate, from that
time it is a plenary power; from that time they
have full, unqualified, and irrevocable power to
legislate.
Mr. CASS. Under the Constitution.
Mr. BUTLER. Of course, under the Constitu-
tion; but, in all respects, they have full, unquali-
fied, and irrevocable power to legislate upon all
subjects whatever; not that they have primitive
power, bnt when we once give the power, they
have it without revocation and without control. It
is a power hardly cor.feircd, and which emanates
from Congress; but when it has once emanated it
is permanent. In other words, I have always un-
derstood him to hold that die territorial legislature
has as full power as the legislature of a State could
have upon all such subject. In that respect I dif-
fer from him.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to make a remark with
regard to the construction which has been put
upon the letter of the honorable Senator fiom
Michigan. I wish to state that I intended to put
my own construction upon it. Certainly I did not
intend to put that conduction upon it which has
been given by some gentlemen. It is very true
I did not examine it as strictly and as cldsely as £
might have done, because, in a political canvass,
where we have confidence in a writer, we do no,
examine so closely the construction which may be
put upon all that is said as at other times. I meant
to say what was my construction of the language,
without intending anything disrespectful to the
honorable Senator.
White up I must express my astonishment at
the language of the Senator from Illinois, as he
has applied it. He supposes that such a construc-
tion would be to stultify the Democratic party of
the last Congress. It may be very natural for
some people to suppose that everything which
does not agree with their ideas is stultification.
Other people may lake a different view of the sub-
ject. But if it should turn out now that the mem-
bers of the Democratic party wh  voted in 1848
for the Clayton compromise bill, for the very thing-
which they oppose now, it seems to me that the
charge of stultification might as well be applied to
the Whig as the Democratic party. The gentle-
man from Illinois, in giving his excuse or apology
for sanctioning this provision of the Clayton com-
piomise bill, says it was hatched up when he was
absent. The Senator from Illinois has had so
much hatching on these territorial bill's, it is natural
perhaps for him to think that if the Senate should
hatch anything when he was not present, it would
not be right. With regard to the present com-
promise bill, I think it is one of the ablest ever got
up, and I thought he was capable of suggesting a
better term than " hatching up" in reference to it.
But 1 suppose he speaks of it in this way for a
similar reason; because he was not one of the com-
mittee of thirteen, and therefore he thinks it was
hatched up.
This section of the bill, as it is reported by the
committee, is taken, I believe, verbatim, from the
Clayton compromise bill, with the clause respect-
ing slavery struck out. I was astonished, as I
said, when I found that omission had been made,
and 1 offered an amendment to restore it back to
what it was before.
Mr. President, I am sorry to see the course this
debate has taken. I am, as an honorable Senator
said the other day, between two fires. 1 believed
it was right to put this in the bill, and have been
opposed by my southern friends for it; but now,
when the vote is about to be taken, I find opposi-
tion from another quarter, from the free States,
and almost every northern man says this amend-
ment ought not to have been put in. For this
reason I am inclined to think it about right, and
am more than ever disposed to adhere to it. I
hope the Senate will decide that it shall remain.
This debate was got up irregularly, because the
Senator from Illinois broached a subject not em-
braced in the amendment, and 1 was so much
astonished at the remarks which were got up on a
motion to strike out, that 1 felt it my duty to reply.
Mr. CASS. 1 am not entitled to a great deal
of magnanimity, as my honorable friend supposes.
He has misunderstood my remarks. I said I
should vote for the restrictions, but should vote
against all three of thele propositions.
Mr. DOWNS. Then I did misunderstand the
honorable Senator.
Aijj^ then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 4, 1850.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STETSON asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent to withdraw from the files the pa-
pers of' Palmer Branch, for the purpose of re-
ferring theiri to the Pension OfBce.
AGRICULTURE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill of
which lie hud given previous notice, for the pur-
pose of referring it to the proper committee.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
" A bill to encourage agriculture and for other
purposes."
No objection being made,
The bill was received, twice read, and referred
to the Committee on Agriculture.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness ia the call of the committees for reports.
