28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
or the boldness openly to demand. They ufiucted
to reiy on a written pledge, which they knew was
given in fraud and treachery? 1 leave the morality
and honesty of this party to be tested by the sim-
ple fact of this transaction, with the single remark
that these are the men whose consciences have
no rest, on account of what they call the sin
of slavery. The Whig party presented their
nominee, who has received the support of the
great majority of that party. No pledges were
asked by the northern members of that party,
for the very sufficient reason that, being in a
majority of nearly ihree to one, they were very
abundantly able to take care of themselves. I
did not act with them, because the events of
the past, of the present, and the prospect of the
future, force the conviction on my mind that the
interests of my section of the Union are in danger,
and I am therefore unwilling to surrender the
great power of the Speaker's chair without obtain-
ing security for the future. We have just listened
to strong appeals upon the necessity of organizing
the House. I confess 1 do not feel that necessity.
From the best lights before me, I cannot see that
my constituents have anything to hope from your
legislation, but everything to fear. We are not
impatient to have th.3 doors of your Treasury
thrown open, and forty millions of the common
taxes of the whole nation thrown into the lap of one
half of it. We ask for none of it; we expect none
of it; therefore gentlemen must pardon my want
of sympathy for their impatience. By giving you
the control of the Treasury, we increase your abili-
ty to oppress. I want grievances redressed, and
security against their further perpetration, before
! am willing to give you power over the supplies.
Sir, I do not regret this state of things in the
House. It is time we understood one another;
that we should speak out, and carry our principles
in our foreheads.
It seems, from the remarks of the gentleman
from New York, that we are to be intimidated by
eulogies upon the Union, and denunciations of
those who are not ready to sacrifice national honor,
essential interests, and constitutional rights, upon
its altar. Sir, I have as much attachment to the
Union of these States, under the Constitution of
our fathers, as any freeman ought to have. I am
ready to concede and sacrifice for it whatever a
just and honorable man ought to sacrifice—I will
do no more. I have not heeded the aspersions of
those who did not understand, or desired to mis-
represent, my conduct or opinions in relation to
theso questions, which, in my judgment, so vi-
tally affect it. The time has come when I shall
n:t only utter them, but make them the basis of
my political action here. I do not, then, hesitate
to avow before this House and the country,
and in the presence of the living G6d, that if by
your legislation you seek to drive us from the
territories of California and New Mexico, pur-
chased by the common blood and treasure of the
„ whole people, and to abolish slavery in this Dis-
trict, thereby attempting to fix a national degrada-
tion upon half the States of this Confederacy, Iam
for disunion; and if my physical courage he equal
to the maintenance of my convictions of right and
duty, I will devote all I am and all I have on
earth to its consummation. From 1787 to this
hour the people of the South have asked nothing
but justice—nothing but the maintenance of the
principles and the spirit which controlled our
fathers in the formation of the Constitution. Unless
we are unworthy of our ancestors, we will never
accept less as a condition of union. A great consti-
.'utional tight which wasdeclared by adistinguished
northern justice of the Supreme Court (Judge
Baldwin) to be, the corner-stone of the Union, and
without which he avers, in a judicial decision, it
would ne\er have been formed, has already prac-
tically been abrogated in all of the non-slavehold-
ing States. I mean the right to reclaim fugitives
from labor. I ask any and every northern man
on this floor to answer me, now, if this is not
true—if this great right, indispensable to the for-
mation of the Qnion, is any longer, for any practi-
cable purp >se, a living principle? Tnere are none
to deny ii. You admit you have riot performed
your constitutional duty; that you withhold from us
a right which was one of our main inducements to
the Union; yet you wonder that we look upon your
eulogies of a Union whose most saered principles
you have thus trampled under foot as nothing better
than mercenary hypocritical cant. This District
was ceded immediately after the Constitution was
formed. It was the gift of Maryland to her sister
States for the location of their common govern-
ment. Its municipal law maintained and pro-
tected domestic slavery. You accepted it. Your
honor was pledged for its maintenance as a na-
tional capital. Your faith was pledged to the
maintenance of the rights of the people who were
thus placed under your care. Your fathers
accepted the trust, protected the slaveholder and
all other citizens in their rights, and in all respects
faithfully and honestly executed the trust; but
they have been gathered to their fathers, and
it was left to their degenerate sons to break
their faith with ua,and insolently to attempt
to play the master where they were admitted
as brethren. I trust, sir, if the representatives
of the North prove themselves unworthy of
their ancestors, we shall not prove ourselves
unworthy of ours; that we have the courage to
defend what they had the valor to win. The
Territories are the common property of the people
of the United States, purchased by their common
blood and treasure. You are their common agents;
it is your duty, while they are in a territorial state,
to remove all impediments to their free enjoyment
by all sections and people of the Union, the slave-
holder and the non-slaveholder. You have given
the strongest indications that yoil will not per
form this trust—that you wili appropriate to your-
selves all of this Territory, perpetrate all these
wrongs which I have enumerated; yet with these
declarations on your lips, when southern men re-
fused to act in party caucuses with you, in which
you have a controlling majority—when we ask
the simplest guarantee for tne future—we are de-
nounced out of doors as recusants and factionists,
and indoors we are met with the cry of " Union,
Union." Sir, we have passed that point. It is
too late. I have used all my energies from the be-
ginning of this question to save the country from
this convulsion. I have resisted what I deemed
unnecessary and hurtful agitation. I hoped against
hope, that a sense of justice and patriotism woul.'
induce the North to settle these questions upon
principles honorable and safe to both sections of
the Union. I have planted myself upon a national
platform, resisting extremes at home and abroad,
willingly subjecting myself to the aspersions of
enemies, and, far worse than that, the miscon-
struction of friends, determined to struggle for
and accept any fair and honorable adjustment
of these questions. I have almost despaired of
any such, at least from this House. We must
arouse and app'eal to the nation. We must tell
them, boldly and frankly, that we prefer any
calamities to submission to such degradation and
injury as they would entail upon us; that we hold
that to be the consummation of all evil. I have
stated my positions. 1 have not argued them. 1
reserve that for a future occasion. These are
principles upon which 1 act here. Give me secu-
rities that the power of the organization which you
seek will not be used to the injury of my constitu-
ents, then you can have my cooperation, but not
till then. Grant them, and you prevent the recur-
rence of the disgraceful scenes of the last twenty-
four hours, and restore tranquillity to the country.
Refuse them, and, as far as I am concerned, " let
discord reign forever."
[Several times during the delivery of these re-
marks, Mr. T. was interrupted by loud bursts of
applause.]
Mr. BAKER obtained the floor.
A motion was now made (by whom the reporter
could not learn) that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BAICER claimed the floor, but yielded it
for the moment, for purposes of explanation, to
Mr. DUER, who briefly disavowed any desire
or intention, such as had been attributed to him
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] to
organize the House on sectional grounds. He
(Mr. D.) believed that such imputations did in-
justice not only to him, but to nine-ienths of the
northern members on his side of use House. He
had distinctly stated that he was resciy to give his
vote for any Whig, whether he came from the
North oi the South. He had voted yesterday for
a Whig from the extreme South. He was pre-
pared to do so again.
Mr. 1NGF.. Would you vote for the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs:] *
Mr. DUER. i did not understand the gentle-
man from Georgia as expressing himself jhostile
to the Union, but only "oposed to its continu-
ance in case certain contingencies hould happen.
With that understanding of hie position, I u uxild
vote for the gentleman, if it were necessary to
effect an organization of the House. But I w uld
not vote to place m that chair any man, whether
from the North or the South, who, I believed,
would use his power for the purpose of dissolving
the Union.
Mr. HARMANSON was understood to in-
quire, Would you vote for a Wilmot proviso
man ?
Mr. DUER. Without doubt I would.
Mr. BAKER said, although among the weak-
est and humblest of the northern men, I cannot
reconcile it to my sense of duty, to permit the
observations of the honorable gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] to pass, without immedi-
ate and distinct reply; and while I know him to
be one of the most eloquent and gifted of the gen-
tlemen of the South, it is precisely for this reason
I shall utter this response, without unreasonable
excitement, and I trust in a becoming temper.
I avow myself, in the first place, as decidedly in
favor of what is called the Wilmot proviso. It
embodies a principle approved by my judgment,
and dear to my heart; arid yet, I may say at once
in answer to questions such as those proposed to
the honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Doer,] that I have not sought to make this a test
in the selection of a Speaker, or the organization
of this House.
I would have cheerfully voted for the honorable
gentleman from Georgiav[Mr. Toombs,] and I did
on yesterday vote for the distinguished member
from Kentucky, [Mr. Morehead.] Sir, in voting
thus, as in voting for Mr. Winthrop, I have de-
sired to select a Whig as Speaker, known to me
and to the country. Ihave notasked, and 1 would
not ask, that his opinions upon the subject of sla-
very should influence him in the selection of com-
mittees; but I do desire that he should be a Whig,
constant and reliable, and with this I have been
and would be content.
I desire, in the next place, to remark as to the
threats of disunion, listened to so painfully, and
so intensely. Sir, I deny that the great body of
the people from the North have wished to raise
such a question, or to excite unreasonable agita-
tion; nor when the scenes and speeches of this day
shall be spread before them, will they believe our
brethren of the South to be in earnest.
Mr. WALLACE. We will teach you that we
are in earnest.
Mr. BAKER. I should be obliged to gentlemen
if they would tell me how this knowledge shall be
imparted. >
Mr. WALLACE. When I said they would
teach you, I spoke in the name of the people of
the South, and in my opinion they will have their
rights in spite of the North; and it is that we in-
tend to teach you.
Mr. BAKER. Sir, I profess myself still unable
to learn from the gentleman's explanation how we
are to be taught. The North will stand by the
Constitution, and thus stand by the Union. We
will think, and act, and vote upon the proviso as
Jefferson did. We will be governed by the ma-
jority of the people on this question.
Mr. H1LL1ARD denied that a majority of the
people had a right, under the Constitution, to
divide it.
Mr. BAKER. I repeat, sir, we will be governed
by the will of the majority of the people, constitu-
tionally expressed; but neither for the District of
Columbia, or California, or New Mexico, will we
desire, or even dream of a dissolution of the Union.
Gentlemen, when you threaten a dissolution of
the Union, v/e shall doubt. When you protest,
we shall disclaim; but no fervid declarations, no
fiery appeals to southern feeling, no solemn invo-
cations to the Almighty, (as if indeed he was a
God of Discord,) will make us believe that here,
in this Hall, there is one man who chambers in
his secret heart a purpose so accursed and to
deadly. Sir, we do not believe the Union can ever
be dissolved. No evidence shall convince us, nntil
the deed is done; yet if such a thing be possible, it
shall not be our fault. We shall not be intimi-
dated by threats of violence. We shall not shrink
from the calm expression of our deliberate judg-
ment. We are here as freemen, to speak for free-
man; and we will speak and act as becomes us, in
the face of the world and of posterity. Gentle-
