1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vm
Mr. KAUFMAN. In accordance with the
suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McClerstand] yesterday, which was acquiesced
in, I believe, by thegeaeral consent of the House,
that the whole time, until the period fixed for the
termination of the debate on the California mes-
sage, should be devoted to that discussion, I move
that the House resolve itself into. Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union for that pur-
pose. There is not a quorum present—a great
many members are absent under the expectation
that no business will be done—I therefore move
to go into committee.
Mr. BAYLY. There are a great many reports
which ought to be made from committees. I hope
the House wil! not go into committee.
Mr. KAUFMAN (after some conversation)
withdrew the moiion.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeocgia, renewed the mo-
tion. There was a general expectation (he said)
that nothing but speaking would be done. Theie
was hardly a quorum present.
The question being put and agreed to—
CALIFORNIA.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the Cal-
ifornia question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (who was
entitled to the floor,) addressed the Committee in
reference to the pending difficulties growing out
of the slavery question; and an appeal to the
•candor of northern men, especially of northern
Democrats, to settle the question in a spirit of jus-
tice to the weaker party—the South. The Dem-
ocratic party, he said, would have to settle the
question; and although by the election of a Whig
President, it might be contended that they were re-
lieved of the responsibility, yet, as patriots, they
should come to the rescue. The Administration
plan would not settle, but would rather increase
the difficulties; Mr. Clay's compromise would
not answer in its present form. The plan pro-
posed in the Senate by the Senator from Louisiana,
{Mr. Soule,] to admit California with her south-
ern boundary fixedat36°30f,and providing for the
creation of a territory below that line to be called
♦South California, and the establishment over it of
a territorial government—leaving for the people
to decide the question of slavery for themselves
when they come to be admitted as a State—was the
only proposition on which they could all meet, and
which would carry out the doctrme of non-inter-
vention) which was a sound doctrine.
Mr. T. having concluded,
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor to
Mr. JOHN A. KING, who addressed the com-
mittee during the hour, in remarks which will be
published hereafter. He spoke in advocacy of
the admission of California into the Union with
her present constitution and boundaries, and in
earnest support of the adoption of the policy rec-
ommended by the President in relation to the
territories.
Mr. BINGHAM next obtained the floor, and
yielded for a moment to
Mr. HOWARD, who gave notice of an amend-
ment which he intended to offer to the compromise
plan of Mr. McClernand when it came be
acted upon—in the following words:
Be it further enacted. That, with the assent of the State
of Texas, the following shall be the southern boundary of
New Mexico east 0/ the Rio Grande: Commencing at that
point on the Salt Fork of Red River whetethe IbOih par-
allel of longitude crosses the same, and thence to the point
where the 34;h di gree of North latitude intersects the Rao
Grande. That in consideration for the territory hereby trans-
ferred by the State of Texas, the United Suites cedes the
following lerritoty to the State of Texas : Commencing oo
the Bio Grande at ?atd 34tl) degree of latitude, and thence
along the mam channel ilieieof to 35° 30' nort i latitude,
and thence . long said line west to the Rto Colorado, em-
bracing the whole of -aul country east of the said river and
south of said line, acqimed by the tieaty ot Guadalupe
Hidalgo, and the samel? herein incorporated with the State
of Texas.
Be itjuitker enactcd. That the right of Texas to the num-
ber of States secured by the joint resolutions of annexation
is hereby recognized a* by saui resolution- reuulued.
BeitjurUier enacted, That the Legislature of Texas *hail
have the power to devote any alternate secuon of the terri-
tory heieby, in exchange, ceded to said State, to the con-
struction of a lailroad through Texas to the junction of the
Gila and Colorado, or some other point on the latter river,
in such manner as the Legislature thereof may direct; tne
remainder of said territory to stand pledged to^the payment
of the public d«'btof-satd .-rtute, m the same manner as the
public domain of IVxas is now pledged.
Mr. BINGHAM resumed the floor and ad-
dressed the committee. He advocated the imme-
diate, unconditional admission of California as a
State into the Union, and the exclusion of slavery
from the territories.
Mr. BOOTH took a scriptural view of slavery,
opposing its extension, and advocating the admis-
sion of California.
Mr. HOWE obtained the floor,"and yielded to a
motion by
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, that the com-
mittee rise.
The question being taken, the motion was re-
jected. *
Mr. FEATHERSTON suggested that a recess
be taken until 7 o'clock this evening.
Mr. STEPHENS seconded the suggestion, and
proposed that the committee rise for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HOWE further yielded the floor.
And the suggestion being acquiesced in by gen-
eral consent—
The committee rose and Reported.
And on motion of Mr. STEPHENS—
Ordered, (at near 4 o'clock-,) That the House take a re
ces-s until 7 o'clock tilts evening.
evening session.
The recess having expired, (at the hour of
seven)—
The*House (technically speaking) was again
present, in pursuance of the order this day adopted.
Eight members were grouped together in one
portion of the Hall, among whom were—
Mr. Speaker COBB, and
Mr, BOYD, chairman of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
At four minutes past seven—
Mr. CRO WELL entered the Hall from the side-
door on the left of the Speaker's chair, (making
eight members present.)
Passing down the, aisle—
Mr. CROWELL rapped with his knuckles on
one of the tables, and said, "The House will
come to order."
The House did not come to order.
At five minutes past seven—
The chandelier made its entrance, from above,'
surrounded by a hundred glittering satellites; and
light appeared where almost darkness was.
At twelve minutes past seven, fourteen members
were present.
At eighteen minutes past seven—
The SPEAKER took thechair, and called the
House to order.
There was an aggregate presence of sixteen
members.
Mr. BOYD moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER put the question, and declared
that the motion was agreed to.
california.
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special message of the President of the
United States transmitting the constitution of Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. HOWE was entitled to the floor, and spoke
during the allotted hour. He defined his position
as th&t of a devoted adherent to the Whig and
Free-Soil principles, the latter of wftich, he said,
he cherished as the apple of his eye. He then I
proceeded to discuss the message of the President,
relating to California. He expressed himself in j
favor of her immediate and unconditional admis-
sion as a sovereign State into the Union, without
any appendages, without any stipulations, without
any condirions, and without making her a pack-
horse, upon which to lug m certain other (import-
ant or unimportant) matters. He avowed htmsplf
entirely opposed to the compromise, (so called,)
and in favor of the establishment of territorial gov-
ernments for tJtah and New Mexico, with the
addition of the Dane, alias Webster, alias Wilmot,
alias Jefferson, alias Ordinance of '87 proviso. He
then proceeded moregenerally into the discussion of
the slavery question, noticing the remarks of other
gentlemen who had preceded him in debate, and
replying thereto.
"The hour expired, leaving Mr. H. midway in
his argument.
Mr. H. took his seat.
And, for the first time since the debate opened,
some months ago, the Jioor went a-begging. Not-
a solitary bid was made for that bow which bod
hitherto been priceless. " None how so poor-as.
to do it reverence."
After a pause—
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved that
the committee rise.
Cries of " no; another speech !"
Mr. STANTON, No one seems desirous to
speak. - :
_ Mr. DUNHAM rose, and obtained the floor,
simply by asking for it. - V
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my motion that-
the committee rise.
Mr. DUNHAM expressed his disinclination to
speak to-night.
[The call was loud for " another speech;" and
" to go on !"]
Mr. DUNHAM repeated the expression Qf
his disinclination to speak to-night.
[Cries of "go on, or let some one else speak."]
Mr. DUNHAM, resigning his right to the floor
with great complacency, resumed his seat.
Mr. VENABLE took the floor.
Mr V. briefly addressed the committee, giving
an outline of remarks which he intended to
write out to send to his constituents. Having
just returned from them, he now declared, as he
had told them, that he would not, under any cir-
cumstances, vote for the compromiseof Mr.U1.4r. -
He considered it entirely inefficient as -a ramed^ •
for the difficulties of the times. He animadverted '
upon the remarks made by Mr. HoivE,vwhich he'
coiisiileied an avowal of a design on the part of
the North to destroy the entire slave property of
the South, and—lfnecessary to accomplish this ob-
ject—to delude their fair fields with the life-blood
of their masters. He a'ppealed to his section to
take warning by this frank avowal, and called upon
them to rely on themselves for their own defence.
He declared that slavery was a good institution*
and the proper relation between the white and the
black races, when residing in a common territory;
and maintained the clear right of the South, under
the Constitution, to carry their slaves into the ter-
ritories. [His remarks will be published hereaf-
ter.]
Mr. DUNHAM obteined the floor, and yielded
to a motion by ■ .
Mr. PHEIlPS that the committee rise.
The motion being rejected—
Mr. DUNHAM yielded the floor, not wishing
to speak to-night.
Mr. TAYLOR was recognized by the Chair-
man. After an apology for the desultory nature
of the remarks he might make, by stating the fact
that he spoke without premeditation, in order to
avail himself ofthe opportunity which now offered
| he proceeded to address Ute committee.
! He declared his decisive dissent from the ex-
i treme opinions which had been expressed on either
; side, and avowed himselfin favor of justice, mod- •
I eration, the Union and the preservation of repub-
| lican, constitutional liberty. He-shrunk from no
| opinions he had heretofore expressed. He stood
| by his speech of last session, upon all points. He
should vote to exclude slavery from all the terri-
tories, if the question were forced upon him; but,
at the same time, he concurred in the views so
ably presented this morning, by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. John A. King,] in support
of the wise and patriotic policy recommended, by
the President. He (Mr. T.) had been ready for
five months to admit California, and to give a seat
in the House to the Delegate from New Mexico,
who represented (as he had been told to-day, by
the gentleman himself) about ninety thousand
Mexicans and Americans, and not more than five
or six thousand Indians.
He referred to the organization ofthe House, dis-
avowed anyshareof the responsibility of electinga
Speaker of opposite political opinions to the Presi-
dent; cast it upon those who had contributed to
produce the result, and said that the House should
so have been organized as to carry out the Ex-
ecutive recommendations, or at least to consider
and act upon them. He adverted in terms of
eulogy to the statesmanlike recommendations con- -
tained in the President's annual message relative
to the encouragement and protection of agricul-
ture, commerce, manufactures, and various other
subjects, and said that although six months had
passed since that communication was received, it
had been left to slumber, forgotten it the recess*s
