1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
of the committee ^poms. From this groes negleet
of the public business he cleared himself. He had
been ready for months to take up the important
subject's whi^h required to be acted upon and dis-
pose of them in the way best calculated to promote
the prosperity and interests of the whole country.
memorial of Captain P. Britton, asking compensa-
| tion for extra services in the Commissary 5s and
and Gtuartmaster's Departments, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
As this debate was about to close, he trusted that j' referred the bill to authorize the Secretary of War :
  *u: I to settle the clams of the State of Georgia, for !
; horses and equipments lost by the volunteers and
| militia engaged in the suppression of hostilities of
the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee Indians, in the
| years 1836 and 1837, reported back the same with-
j out amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
! referred several memorials in relation to paying
: moneys advanced by States, reported a joint reso-
. lution supplementary to the resolution to refund
j money to the States which have supplied volun-
: teers and furnished them transportation during the
. present war, before £>eing mastered and received
, into the service of the United States; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
j Also, from the same committee, to which were
i referred the several memorials of paymasters5
I clerks, asking an increase of compensation, re-
j pitted a bill for the relief of paymasters' cleiks;
which was; read and passed to a second reading.
J Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
! nance, to which was referred the bill authorising the
coina^c of a cent piece composed of silver and
copper, the coinage of a three cent-piece, and to se-
cute the recoimtge of the small Spanish and other i
foreign coins, reported back the same with an
amendment. ' ]
Also, from the same committee, to which was '
referred the memorial of Wm. Archer, propo^in  ;
a plan for the prevention of the export of Califor- '
nia gold in aq uncoined state from that country, '
asked to be discharged from the further considers- '
tion of the same, and that the memorialist have
leave to withdraw his paper, as he wished to make j
they would immediately proceed to something
practical, especially to pass the annual appropria-
tion bills, several of which had not even been re-
ported, although it lacked.less than a month of the
expuation of the fiscal year. He eulogized the
course nf the President in the conduct of our for-
eign relations, and in the discharge of his duties
generally, and scouted the rumors of disagreement
between him and Ins Cabinet.
Mr. T having concluded his remarks,
Mr. DUNHAM! obtained the floor,and yielded
to a motion, by Mr. McLane, of Maryland, that
the committee rise.
Winch being agreed to—
The commute rose, and—
On motion by Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, at
JOj o'clock, the House adjourned.
PETmONS, &o.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under ihe rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of citizens of Ogle
am I Dv Kalb conmic*, pintiug lor ;t maiMoule from to't.
Cliarle®. vi.t Line, De Iv iJii-Ccnirc, Brojulie's tJrove, Jeffer-
son's Grove, Lafuj ette Grove, and T.i\ lor, to Gr-uid Detour.
Also, the petition of citizens of McLean county, Illinois, |
praying Congress to authorize the Secretary ot th« Navy to 1
order national vessels to transport the lU'ltaates to thv I'eaco
Congress, to be held at Frankfort, in Germany. August
next.
Ai<o, the petition of John Evjtns, M D., and others, con-
nected with the tncdicitl piofcsfiion in Illinois, in behalf of
the medical othcpr* ot tiie navy.
By Mr. JOHNSON, or Atkansa«: The niemoiia! ot citi-
zens of Arkansas and T«xa=, to Conme&s, in reayid to the
fied River rait.
an^herJXSv7 Wp'dl T agr6^ t0n
of pas>engc*is to he conveyed upon steoinhouts navuratiii«  ! • ^-lAoOlN, Itom the OoiTimtttee on the D
pas>engeis to he conveyed upon steamboats navigaun
the western waters.
Al>o, the petition of James M. Franciscus and one hun-
dred and two otluns, citizens of St. Loins, t)i ; es-
tablishment uf two trial terms o( the Ciicmt Court of the
United State* for the State of Missouri, Stc.
By Mr. BINGHAM : The petition of samuel Whe.uon, of
Michigan, an invalid soldier ot the war of 1813, tor a pen-
sion.
IN SENATE.
Tuesoay, June 4, 1850.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Berks county, in the State of Pennsylva-
nia, asking a remodificixtion of the tarilf and the
imposition of specific duties on imports; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Delaware
county, in the fame State, asking the establish-
Dis-
,, trict of Columbia, to which was referred the bill
. giving the assent of the United vStates to an act of
•the General Assembly of Maryland, passed at the
•j December session of 1844, chapter 287, reported
j back the same without amendment.
!l Also, from the same committee, to which was
11 referred the bill to incorporate a Mutual Insurance.
Company in the city of Washington, reported
:: back the same without amendment.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
myself conceive on what ground this application
rests. Is it because these articles werefgiven to
these persons on account of the usefulness of their
inventions? That one of them is useful, not only
to us but to other nations, is true; that of Mr.
Morse is calculated to benefit the world. But it is
the first time, so far as 1 know, that a proposition
has been made to remit a duty in a case o'fthis
kind. I should like to hear some reasons why we
should do it in this case. Really 1 do not see
why we should relieve these gentlemen, who are
amply able to pay the duties, any more than we
should relieve persons who are scarcely able to
buy these articles, and who obtain thetn abroad
for then* wives or daughters.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is a question about which
I have no solicitude. The committee will be s?uis-
fied with any disposition the Senate may see fit
to make of this subject. They were governed
by the consideration that we should be as liberal
towards our own citizens in showing that we ap-
preciate their inventions a<t.lhe S dtan of Turkey
had been. These presents were made as compli-
ments to the genius of thes^ individuals, and are
valuable as presents. To levy a tax upon them
would be to levy a tax upon the generosity of a for-
eign Government. On that principle the committee
have recommended this resolution, and resubmit
it to ihe consideration of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I wanted to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, if it is not die
practice of the Government, when such articles
are brought home by an individual as a part of hjg
personal effects, to admit them free of duty? I
understand that the snuff-box was preparing for
Mr. Co-It at the time of his departuie from Turkey;
but being obliged to leave before it was completed,
it was not brought with him, but was afterwards
sent to him, in consequence of which this duty
was levied. I hope the duty will be remitted on
both presents.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The fact that influenced me
as a member of the committee was this: these ar-
ticles were presented to two Americans who had
distinguished themselves by valuable inventions
and improvements in science. They were pre-
sented as tokens of approbation, and theie is no
value to them except simply as tokens. Now, to
require a duty of five hundred dollars to be paid*
upon a snuffbox, given as a token or compliment
to a man of genius, seems to me unreasonable. If
they were articles introduced for speculation, from
which wealth was to be made by these individuals,
Geoige Taleott, asking the difference of pay and
allowances between the rank of colonel and lieu-
tenant colonel, while acting as Chief of the Ord-
n.mce Bureau, ieported a hill for the relief of
George Taleott, brevet brigadier general of the
United States army, and colonel of ordnance;
ment of an Agricultural bureau in some one of j which was read and passed to a second r^adin<r
the Executive Departments of the Government; Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pnnt-
whicn was ordered to lie on the table, a bill having ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
already been reported to carry into effect the object ! : " ''
of" (he petitioners.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from citizens
of Providence, Rhode Island, asking a reduction
of the rates of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
tary Affairs to which was referred the memorial of :| the case would be entirely different; but they are
i ,i,„ j.ir <- , si m ply compliments to men of genius, whose
works have contributed to the improvement of the
mechanic arts. In thtit view the committee con-
sidered it proper that the duty should be remitted.
jVh\ RUSK. If these articles had been presented
while these individuals were in a foreign country,
and they had brought them home with them, no
duty would have been demanded. The amount
is very small, and, as has been well observed, it is
a mark of distinction from the Sultan to the genius
of the United States. I do not know any class of
men to whom we are so much indebted for the
memorial of citizens residing in the valley of the
northwestern lakes, in relation to the free naviga- 1
tion of the St. Lawrence, reported in favor of print- '
in  the same; which was agreed to. i
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public i
William Armstrong, while agent for the Choctaw
Indians west of the Mississippi; which was re-
ferred tm the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr.^SOULE presented a memorial of the Gsr-
'mnn Society of New Orleans, asking the enact-
ment of a law regulating the transportation of
passengers on board of steamboats navigating the
western rivers; which was referred to fhe Com-
mittee on Commerce.
DONATION OF LANDS TO STATUS.
On motion by Mr. BENTON,
Ordered, Tlmt the repoitot the Secretory of the Interior,
cnmusu:iiL'atfcu Use 2Ktoi'January !?k-t, in compliance uitli'
a resolution os' the Senate, showing tite amount* of html
originally contained tn eadi State, w ith tiie amounts «isint< d
to each 101 interna! improvement,.*, am! the quantity require d
t.t equalize Kaid grants itmopy tiie several Stales, be re-
ferred to tiie t^ommitlee on t'nbiie Laiid<, to which a hill
win _ve,t rday leterred, on the sunject of a donation ot land
to the State nf Missouri.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from thefCommit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
prosperity and growth of our country as to our
, mechanics, and, so far as my knowledge of history
IV! srpisTUv ^ t0 which was referred the bill to revive an |j goei I can safely say I know no country whose
JVli. fejiBAolIAN presented a petition of tne act entitled " An act providing for the adjustment ii mechanics have been so poorly rewarded, and
lepresentatives of William Armstrong, deceased, of all suspended preemption claims in the several i where so little encouragement has been n-lven by
Stud St.ates and Territories," reported back the same i| the Government. I remember investigating a case,
- without amendment, and, with the consent of the ,f some years ft go, in which some papers fell into
introducer, moved that it lie on the table, another . . ■ . •
1 bill on the subject having been before ieported;
I which was agreed to. ' i
j DUTY ON PRESENTS FROM THE SULTAN. '
; Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi- !
nance, to which was referred the joint resolution 1
i'or the relief of Samuel Colt and B. P. Morse, re- !
ported back the same without amendment, and
; asked its immediate consideration; which was
agreed to, and the resolution was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KING. I would like to inquire of my hon-
orable friend [Mr. Dickinson] on what ground it is
that he advocates the passage of this joint resolu- !
tion to return to these individuals the duties which !
have been paid upon articles brought into this ■
country. They foitunately obtained these articles '
without paying for them. Those who go abroad !
and puichase such articles have to pay not only j
for them, but a duty upon them also. I c.innot
my hands in relation to the contract made by the
British Government with Mr. Fulton. An appro-
priation of some two or three hundred thousand
dollars was made, and a navy-yard was put under
his control for the purpose of making experiments
and testing the application of steam to ships. It
seems to me this is a small amount, and it will be
but a small thing for the Government to remit this
duty. If a few mechanics who arc ingenious, who
have done a gieat deal in their way for the benefit
of the world, have, as a compliment, received pres-
ents from foreign powers, which are valuable
only as testimonials of respect for their genius, I
think we should not regard those presents as we
should articles of speculation and trade. I think
there is no difficulty in the case, and that the duty
should be at once remitted.  
The resolution was then reported to the Senate,
and the question was on ordering it to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. DAVIS^ of Mississippi. 1 entirely concur
