-*'f< *•
1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GL0-BE.
■1125'
in the views expressed by the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. King.] I cannot conceive why a
person who receives valuable property from abroad
as a present instead of purchasing it, should be
relieved from the payment of the duty; nor do I
see why Professor Morse is put in the category of
mechanics. It seems to me strange that this has
been argued as it has. There is no compulsion in
respect to this matter. They can keep this prop-
erty or not, as they please. Suppose a jeweller
should die abroad and leave his whole property.to
the Senator from Texas. Would it be sent here
free of duty, because it was a present? 1 can make
no distinction between a present from an individ-
ual and one from a foreign Power.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think it would be hardly
becoming in this Government to speculate on pres-
ents made by foreign Governments to our citizens,
as testimonials of respect for inventions and im-
provements which they have made, and which are
regarded as valuable to the world. It "wilt most
assuredly excite great surprise abroad if we thus
tax the munificence of foreign Powers who show
respect to our ingenious citizens, and in thia way j
give expression to their appreciation of our discov- j
'eries and inventions, i hope the resolution will j
be adopted. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The line of argn- :
ment of the Senator seems strange. He talks '
about taxing the munificence of a Government.
"We tax property which is brought in by a pur-
chaser, and it seems ridiculous to exempt the
property of a person who pays nothing for his prop-
erty. All he has to pay is the duty, such a duty
as is laid on property of every kind. If there
should be any exemption, I refer it to the good
feeling, the humanity of every Senator, if that ex-
emption should not be upon the necessaries, and
not upon the luxuries of life.
Mr. RUSK, It amounts to about this: The
Sultan of Turkey is liberal enough to give a re- j
ward to our mechanics. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (in his seat.) They ;
are not mechanics. !
Mr. RUSK. Perhaps Mr. Morse is not. I do
not profess to be scientific enough, nor well enough
skilled in the use of terms, to say who should be
considered a mechanic. But, so far as Mr. Colt
is concerned, I will still call him a mechanic. The
amount of it' is, that the Sulfan of Tuikey is
liberal enough to make a present of the value of
two or three thousand dollars to our mechanics, as
a mark of his appreciation of their inventions and
improvements, and we, as a Government, tax
them two or three hundred dollars upon these
presents.
Mr. SHIELDS. I can hardly think the Sena-
tors from Alabama and Mississippi are serious m
their objections; but, if they are, I would ask them
to carry out the principle,  nd also tax medals,
coming from societies of learning in Europe, and
given as maika of high respect to gentlemen in
America. I understand that a medal is to come
from such a society to a distinguished individual
in our country, and you ought to tax that; and,''
further, you ousht to tax money, and everything
of the kind. But, I know that my friend from
Alabama is not serious, nor my friend from Mis- j
sissippi, and consequently I will not press the ar- j
gument.  i
Mr. PRATT. If this were a new question, I .
should certainly vote to dispense with thfc pay- j
ment Qf the duty. But, I learn that, since the es- j
tabhshment of the Government, there have been j
thousands and thousands of presents, on all of j
which duties have been paid. Now, if you estab- j
lish a rule that the duty in this case shall be re- '
nutted, you set a precedent by which you will j
have to refund the money in all those cases where .i
a duty has been paid. I think the resolution ought j
to be general, to refund to all as well as to these ■
individuals. |
Mr. KING. I think my friend from Illinois
* was wise m not attempting to argue the question.
He acts with his usual discretion, I think, because
I suppose he will understand that he can place it
on no ground which will justify the act. My
friend from Maryland is perfectly right. It is
opening a wide door. We have heretefore acted
•with great strictness. We have passed laws re-
leasing the duties on literary productions, on
books, scientific apparatus, and telescopes for col-
leges, and it required some act of Congress to
remit the duties before they could be released.
But nay friend from Texas is so taken away with
the idea that this gentleman is-the inventor of re-
volvers, [laughter,] that he does not look at the
matter and see that it is establishing a precedent,
and is departing altogether from our uniform prac-
tice, And in favor of whom? Men of wealth,
it is true, they have become so in part, at least, by
the success of their inventions, and that of Mr".
Morse is of-broad national advantage. Of that of
Mr. Colt I am not so well prepared to speak. If
my friend from T-exas should give his views of it,
they would be more extravagant, I have no doubt,
than mine in regard to that of Mr. Morse. But I
think it is wrong to draw this distinction, and I
wish the Senate to determine whether it is right,
when you look to the consequences to which it
leads. Our Constitution forbids any officer to
receive any present; and when presents have been
given, feeling a reluctance to reject them, they
have accepted them, and sent them to be deposited
in the State Department. They ought never to
receive any such presents. I believe it has not
been unusual even for private individuals who
have received presents to send them to the State
Department, because they were not willing to
accept and hold a present from a foreign Govern-
ment. I shall be satisfied with the decision of
the Senate, when they have looked at the matter
fully.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Missis-
sippi says the position is ridiculous that duties
ought to be remitted in this case. Now, f under-
stand the case to be simply this: These individ-
uals, one of them at least, has made an invention,
the most important perhaps of the age. This
Government has done nothing;, but a foreign
Power, as a testimony of the appreciation in which
that invention is held, sends the inventor a present,
which, instead of allowing him to receive it unem-
barrassed, our Government taxes with an import
duty. Now, I ask if it is reputable in our Gov-
ernment to do that? It is asserted that many lit-
erary productions are admitted free of duty. Why
not? I see no reason why articles of this kind,
coming to individuals under these circumstances,
should be taxed by this Government.
Mr. MASON. It is a matter of considerable
moment to the character of our institutions that
we should be careful what precedent we set. The
Senator from Alabama has said that the Constitu-
tion of the United States, in order to preserve
intact the officers of the Government, forbids them
to receive presents from any foreign Power.' This
is done because officers of the Government are in
the service of their country, and should be free
from all suspicion of coming under the influence
of any foreign Power. I ask if the citizens of
the country should not also be free from the sus-
picion of coming under any foreign influence? I
have been told, as the Senator fiom Alabama has
stated, that it has been a practice of private indi-
viduals, receiving these high testimonials from a
foreign Power, in order to exempt themselves from
every possible suspicion, to send such presents
and have them deposited in the office of the Sec-
retary of State. This is a proper disposition of
them, and the citizen who receives these testimo-
nials ought to consider them as paid to his coun-
try. In the present form of the resolution, I must
vote against it; but if the honorable Senator who
introduced it will put it in such a shape as to in-
sure that these presents shall go into the State de-
partment, and become memorials to the nation, I |
will checrfully vote for it, and I presume other
Senators will do so too.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very reluctant to make
any remarks on this subject; but it seems to me
that it would be unreasonable not to restore the
duties paid on these presents. As I understand it,
these presents are complimants to citizens of the
United States by a foreign potentate, acknowledg-
ing beneficient effects of their genius, not only to
that Government, but to the Governments of the
world. As an honorary acknowledment of that
fact, he has the liberality to make citizens of the
United States these presents. I would ask gentlemen ;
whether.we are really so hard run for means, that ;
we will nave the stinginess, if I may so call it, to
refuse this ackfiowledgmcnt-to our own citizens,
who are thus honored by a foreign power; or will
we admit that these individuals, being citizens of
this country, are not only honored themselves, but
that it is according something to the genius of his
countrymen, and the nation of which these gentle-
men form a pari? I think this honor is not-ex-
clusively appropriated to these gentlemen, but tty&t
it reflects honor upon the whole country. As for the
precedent it sets, I view all matters that-come be-
fore this body as placed upon their own peculiar
claims to consideration, and I would remit, if-it
were an act of justice, and a matter of right, evegy
cent that has ever been paid to this Government
fry individuals under similar circumstances. I
s^all vote for the ^resolution, because to retain the
tax wouid be an act of littleness on the part oftfee
Government, and would shame the potemate^who
made the piesent, when he found that our Govern-
ment had not the hberali-ty to admit untaxed those
presents which he had sent to our citizens as a
compliment to their genius. .
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
DUTIES COLLECTED IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of refunding to California the
amount collected for dunes in the port* of California, by au-
thority of ihe tinned States officers, from the ctmqutatof
the country in 1843 and J847 to the time of tne arrival of the
United States Collector at Sari Franeitco, in the month of
I; November, 1847.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
On motion by Mr. BRADBUEY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the special order
of the day, being a resolution in reference to-re-
movals from office.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I had hardly
supposed that it was the purpose of the honorable
member from Maine to bring this resolution to a
vote of the Senate. I had hardly supposed that it
was the puipose of those members of the Senate
with whom the honorable member from Maine
usually acts, to press a resolution so entirely un-
precedented, so incapable, as I think, of producing
any good, and so likely to produceevil results. It
may be, and probably is, that in this view of the
opinions and purposes of gentlemen I am mis-
taken. The resolution seems to be pressed to a
vote, and I wish therefore, before my name shall
be recorded upon the question of the passage of
the resolution, to say a very few words.
My inclination, Mr. President, is to oppose, in
the practice of the Senate and in the practice of
the Government, whatsoever is new, unnecessary,
and not apparently adapted to produce any consid-
erable good. The difference and lines of demarca-
tion between the different departments of the Gov-
ernment must, to a great extent, be settled by
practice and usage. This is true of our Govern-
' j meat; it is true of all Governments. And what-
:> soever may be considered as a mere right when a.
i; question arises, it is always a wholesome rule to
'• consider what has been the settled and contmued
ji practice of the Government. Certainly, sir, there
! ■ is no precedent for such ji resolution as that which
!' the honorable member from Maine recommends
j; to the Senate for its adoption, I think there is as
i; little foundation for it in any constitutionaf-prin-
ij cipie or provision, as there is in the past history
11 of tne Senate and of the Government.
i, That the President of th$ United Statesidoes in
|l fact hold and exercise the power of removing from
j.' office all persons under the Government who have
fj not a different tenure from that which belongs to
| officers at will, must be admitted. I am of the
' number of peisons who have always believed,
; since I looked into the matter, and since i have
, examined it, that the original decision of Congress
in this respect—the original construction which
ij Congress put upon the Constitution in this re-
:j spect—was wrong. I have ever entertained the
opinion that the true constructioa of the Constitu-
i! don was, the removing power never existed right-
jj fully, and was never expected to exist, except as ^
ji a part of the appointing power. That is the true '
! analogy which this case bears to other cases. The
: authority that holds the appointing power over
offices naturally draws into its own hands, as a
consequence, the removing power, because the
appointment of one person to an office is necessa-
rily the removal of the incumbent of that oiHce.
And so the appointing power, with only one ex-
ception, so far as 1 know, is the same as the re-
moving power. They are both parts of the same
power.
There is, sir, in the English Government, spring-
ing out of a particular consideration, one aaomat
