1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
they would consummate ihe preliminary arrange-
ments for the dispatch of the public business. He
was in favor of sitting here, and not giving gentle-
men representing any extreme a further oppor-
tunity to strike at what he conceived to be public
disorganization. Were there not friends enough
of order and of union in this Hall now—after the
declaration of opinions from all the extremes—to
say that they would no longer procrastinate, but
would proceed to the dispatch of the public busi-
ness ? if there were, he appealed to them to stand
firm, and not to adjourn until, as the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLane] has suggested, a
fair portion of the day had been given to the public
interests. [Applause.]
Mr. McLANE desired to say a word of ex-
planation.
These were now loud demands over the Hall
that the roll should again be called.
The Clerk invited the tellers, whose duty it has
been to count the votes on the election of Speaker,
to resume their seats at the Clerk's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that there
be a call of the House. He had no doubt, he said,
that some gentlemen had left the Hall under the
impression that no further voting would take
place to-day.  
[Cries: "They should not have left; call the
roll."]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the House adjourn.
And the question having been taken, and decided
in the negative, the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES insisted on his motion that there
be a call of the House.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House decide^ that there should not be
a call of the House.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House thereupon proceeded to vote, viva
voce,(or the election of Speaker.
Messrs. Hilliard of Alabama, Strong of
Pennsylvania, Dulr of New York, and Miller
of Ohio, resumed their seats at the Clerk's table,
as tellers to count the vote.
The roll was then called the forty-first time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given was 224; necessary to a choice 113;
of which—
Mr. Winthrop received   .59
Mr. H. Cobb 40
Mr/Boyd..... 26
Mr. Potter 24
Mr. Stanly   21
Mr. MoreheadA    .10
Mr. Biyly 6
Mr. WHmot 4
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens 4
Mr. McGaughey    3
Mr. R M. McLane     2
Mr. Schenck 2
Mr. McDowell  2
Mr Gorman.  2
Mr. Billiard     2
Mr. MeClernand 2
Mr Julian       2
Mr. Outlaw   1
Mr. Marshall     • • 1
Mr. Burt 1
Mr. Breck.    *
Mr. Frederick P. Stanton,   1
Mr. Strong   1
Mr. Conrad   1
Mr. Andrew Johnson..     1
Mr. Ashmun 
Mr. McLanahan 
Mr. Disney.  • • 
Mr. Root.   
Mr. Bingham  
The following is the vote in detail:
For R. C. mnthrop—Mrw*. Alexander, Alston, An-
drews. Ashmun, Bennett, Bn-ck, Brings, Brooks, Burrows,
OhnwUer. CUike, Conger, Conr.ul, Corwin, Dixon, Duor,
Duncan, FoxvU'r, Fre^dley,Good^now, Gott, Gauld,
rn'll, H iv. H«'bard, Il^nry, Hilhard. Hunter. Jackson. D. P.
Kiim« G. 'G. King, J. G. fcmu, J. A. (Cms, Marshall, M.ute-
«on. M'-aeliam, Morehead, Nelson, Nfweii, PhO?n«x, Put-
nam RetM, ft'vnohlu, Kulev, Rockwall, Ros<>, Rumsey.
g^Iimn'-th >rn. $i>U« o!craH, Silvester, Sfnulrtina, Sprngue,
SisnK, John B Thompson, Thurnmn, Underbill, \inion,
White, and WiUnn.
For Howell C)ht>— M^«rs. Ashe, Averett, Bay, Baylv,
B> aic, Bi-*«-j, Bocock, Bowdon, ftowiin, Boyd, Alberts.
Brown, William J- Brown, BuH, Edmurwtson, Gorman,
Green, Hacfcett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Har-
maiwon, Sampson W. Harris, T. L. Harris, Howard, An-
drew Johnson, Joiw^, La. Sere, R. M. McLane, Mc Willie,
Miller, Morse, Parker, Phelps, Richardson, Savage, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, W. Thompson, and Young.
For Linn Boyd—Messrs. Burt, George A." Caldwell, H.
Cobb, Coleock, Daniel, Ewing, Gilmore, I. G. Harrin, R. W.
Johnson, Kaufman, J. Mann, Mason, McDowell,McQueen,
Meade, Mtllsou, Orr, Potter, Robbms, Ross, F. P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Wallace, Wellborn, Wildrick, and
Woodward.
For Emery D. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Joseph Cable,
Cleveland, Dimmtck, Doty, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Harlan,
Hibbard, Hoagland, Leffler, Littlefield, Morris, Olds, Peas-
lee, Peck, Sawtelle, Stetson, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth,
Whittlesey, and Wood.
For Ehoard Stanly—Messrs. Anderson, Bokee, Bowie, j
Joseph P. Caldwell, Casey, Debsrry, Halloway, Hampton,
Haymond, Kerr, McGaughey, Moore, Ojjle, Otis, Outlaw,
Pitman, Schenck, ribepperd, Watkms, Williams, and Win-
throp.
For Charles S- Mirehead—Messrs. Bak^r, C. Butler, E. C.
Cabell,Nathan Evans, J. L. Johnson, McKissock, Morton, i
Owen, A. H. Stephens, Tavlor, and Twombs. j
For Thomas H. Bayly—Messrs. Hollad^y, Holmes, Mc- t
Mullen, Powell, Seddon, and Venable. !
For David Wilmot—Messrs. Allen, Booth, Dutltee, and j
Giddinys.
For Thaddeus Stevens—Messrs. Calvin, Dickey, H. Mann, j
and Nes. !
For Edward W. McGaughey—Messrs. 1\ B. Butler, Cole, i
and Sackett. |
For Robert O. Schenck— Messrs. Campbell and Crowe!!, j
For James McDjwell—Messrs. W. R. W. Cobb and Mc- j
Lanahan. :
For Willis Jl. Gorman—Messrs. Disney and Dunham. I
For Robert M. McLane—Messrs. Albertson and Cartter. j
For George W. Julian—Messrs. Howe and Root. j
For Henry W. HUliard—Messrs. Finis E. McLean and !
Van D_. ke. j
For John Jl. MeClernand—Messrs. Robinson and James !
Thompson * :
For David Outlavi—Mr. Chngman.
For Humphrey Marshal!—Mr. A. Evan3. ;
For Jirmistead Burt—Mr. Featherston. \
Vox Daniel Breck—Mr. Houston. - j
For Frederick P. Stanton—Mr. Hubbard.
For William Strong—Mr. Preston King. {
For Charles M. Ojnrad—yir. Levin. l
For Jlndrew Johnson—Mr. MeClernand. j
For George Jlihmun—Mr. Thaddeus Stevens.
For James X MjLanuhin—V!r. Strong.
For Datid T. D.sney—Mr. Swectser.
For Joseph M. Root— vlr. Tuck.
For Kinsley S. Bingham—Mr. Wilmot.
No choice.
Whereupon, on motion of Mr. HOUSTON, at
a late hour—
The House adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 14,1849.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. PELCH asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the petition and papers of Wil-
liam Woodbridge and Henry Chipman; which
was granted.
After an interval of some time, a motion was
made that when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. FOOTS hoped the motion would not pre-
vail. It was extremely desirable that the message
and accompanying public documents should be
spread before the country with as little delay as
possible; and as it was by no means certain that
the organization of the other branch would not be
effected in time to allow of receiving them to-mor-
row, he thougnt it would be impolitic to adjourn
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the motion, and a division having been called for,
the vote stood—ayes 11, noes 23.
So the motion did not prevail.
After a further interval, and there being no busi-
ness before the Senate,
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSEM^EPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 14, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The floor was claimed by a number of gentle-
men, and was awarded by the Clerk to
Mr. HILLIARD, who said: I desire to correct
the report of a remark made by me yesterday, in
reply to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Baker,}
as I find it m the Globe of this morning. I am
1 replied that the will of a majority, in oar Gov-
ernment, was not the law of the land, unless in ac-
cordance with the Constitution. That the will of
a majority was neither the Constitution of the
Government nor an authoritative interpretation of
the Constitution.
I can conceive of no greater tyranny than would
exist if we were subjected to the will of a majority.
Happily for us, in our Government we are pro-
tected against such tyranny by the provisions of
the Constitution. When the popular will is ex-
pressed in a constitutional form, it becomes law;
but when it transcends the limits of the Constitu-
tion, it is not entitled to the authority of law. Be-
lieving, as I do, that the measure known as the
Wilmot proviso cannot be passed without a vio'a-
tion of the rights enjoyed by a portion of the peo-
ple of the United States prelected by the Constitu-
tion, 1 deny the right of a majority to pass it. *
As to a dissolution of the Union, if it should un-
happily ever take place, it cannot be consummated
here. We can only inform the people that a crisis
has arrived which demands their action. They
will then take such steps as they may think it be-
comes them to take, under the solemn responsi-
bilities of their duty to their country, to them-
selves, and to mankind.
Mr. HILLIARD having concluded—
Mr. ASHMUN obtained the floor.
CORRECTION OF A VOTE.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, asked and ob-
tained permission of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Ashmun] to correct an error in the
Daily Globe of this morning, as to his vote for
Speaker, on the last vote which occurred yester-
day. He found himself, in that paper, recorded
as having voted for Luciu3 B. Peck. That was a
mistake. The error was probably owing to the
; similarity in sound between the name of that gen-
! tleman and the name of the gentleman for whom
. he cast his vote. The gentleman for whom he
, voted on that occasion, was Daniel Breck, of
; Kentucky, and not Mr. Peck, as erroneously ce-
j ported in that paper. He hop^d the error would
• be corrected.
| Mr. ASHMUN then proceeded tosay, that he
i had risen to offer, for the consideration of the
| members, a mode of organizing the House which,
\ he thought, was the only practicable mode that
could be adopted. He feit sure that after the
!I scenes which had taken place yesterday in this
j; Hall, every gentleman would see not only the
! importance, but the necessity of organizing this
body without farther delay. It was well known to
the members that the Clerk possessed no power
to preserve order here. He sat at the desk merely
by the courtesy of members. He had no power
over the police of this House, or over the galleries,
or over the lobbies; and unless that power was
vested somewhere, the scenes which were wit-
nessed here yesterday might be witnessed here
again. Looking not only to the opinions and
the interests of the public, but to the peace and
orderly conduct of the proceedings in the House
itself, it was essential that a Speaker should be
elected at once; and he begged leave to say, that
whether the gentleman who might be chosen
Speaker were a Whig or a Democrat, was a
matter of much less imparlance than that there
should be a Speaker. If the choice should fall
upon the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,}
the House Knew the character of that gentleman
sufficiently well to know that the ordinary duties
of the chair would be discharged with ability. If
the choice should fall, as he (Mr. Asiimun) thought
it should, upon the late Speaker of this House,
[Mr. Winthrop.] the House and the country
possessed a sufficient guarantee of the manner in
which the duties of the office would be discharged
from the maimer m which they had already been
discharged by him. His (Mr. Ashmun's) own
opinion was, that the H  use and the country
should be saved from the disorder which would be
the certain result of the longer continuance of the
present state of things.
Mr. A- then sent hts resolution to the Clerk's
reported to have said, that a majority ot the peo- d aa f
Die had no right, under the Constitution, to divide .
u Jl = ' !| Oesaloed. That the Ilnu-e now proceed to the election of
the U I!ion. , Si>e.Tker viva voce, ami if up in the fjr-t call o; the roll no
This is an entire misconception of my retna,rKs; j _;rs()ll s)taji rectw a mjjority of all thevute^, the roll
it is almost precisely the converse of it. Under- ! shall a«-ut[becni.>ii, anil tti« person whusluii n-ceivt u>e
standing the gentleman [Mr. Baker] to say that j tagh t nu.ub« nf pr,>v.,l«i it be, n..t tlitw one-
stanu.ug   i, , v .ixa u/,urti ' third of ihe whole, shall !>e declared to bo chosen,
he wouid leave the question known as tne W ilmot   ^
proviso to be decided by a majority of the people, (J Mr. WOODWARD said, that the resolution
