m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14.
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Abhmun] suggested such action as should take
place after the House should have gone through
another course of voting. He might say, that be-
fore the House could be brought to adopt the reso-
lution, or the members could prepare themselves
to act upon it—assuming that they were prudent—
it might be necessary that a consultation should
take place. He held in his hand a proposition in
relation to the action of the House upon the elec-
tion of Speaker; and as the action proposed by
his resolution was instantaneous, whilst that of
the gentleman from Massachusetts was ulterior,
he (Mr. W.) appealed to the courtesy of the gen-
tleman, to allow him to bring his resolution to the
notice of the House. He thought that, perhaps,
the proposition would be such as this House
would entertain. At all events, he desired that it
might be laid upon the table, and remain there,
subject to be taken up at any future time.
Mr, ASHMUN said that there could be no ob-
jection to the gentleman's resolution being brought
before the House for its information.
Mr. WOODWARD thereupon read the propo-
sition which he wished to present, and which was
in the following words:
Resolved, That Linn Boyd, the senior member of the
House, be ami he is hereby, chosen Speaker pro tem., and
that, upon his assuming the chair, the House will proceed
to the election of Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and
Postmaster; and upon the election of ihose officers, the
House will proceed to vote lor a regular Speaker, and will
continue so to vote, from day to day, until a regular Speaker
shall be elected. And, in the mean time, the safd temporary
Speaker shall not appoint any committee on behalf of the
House, nor shall the House itself elect any, or entertain any
petition, bill, or proposition whatever, looking to legislation,
until such regular Speaker shall have been duly elected.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. WOODWARD said, he hoped he might be
permitted briefly to present to the House some
of the considerations which had induced him to
ofTer it.
In the first place, he would suggest that his in-
dication of the individual was not invidious. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] was indi-
cated as the senior member of the House. He
believed that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Winthrop] was as clearly indicated, as
having been the last presiding officer of the House;
and he (Mr. Woodward) would say, that if a
majority of the members should vote to substitute
the name of Mr. Winthrop, he would neverthe-
less vote for it.
There was now as much necessity as there had
been at any time, if not more, for police officers in
this Hall. There had been no time, nor was it
likely that there would be any time, under a regu-
lar oiganization of the House, when the services
of a Sergeant-at-Arms had been so much demand-
ed. He meant no reflection upon either side of the
House—Whigs or Democrats. They were resolv-
ing themselves into a mob.
[Cries of " Oh ! no"—" Not so,"&c.]
Mr. WOODWARD, (continuing.) Hedid not
mean to say that they had as yet become such; but
he did say that the process had already com-
menced. That was true. The lobbies, exterior
to the bar, the galleries, and the aisles in all de-
partments of the Capitol, were filled with crowds of
people. If such a scene as had taken place in this
House yesterday should occur again, no man
knew what might follow. If a serious conflict had
taken place between those members, in less than
three minutes three hundred strangers would have
rushed Into this Hall. He repeated, that he in-
tended no reflection upon the House, or upon any
particular member of it. He spoke of the House,
inclusive of himself, and of all other members of
it, when he said, that the process of resolving them-
selves into a mob had already cjmmeiiced. That
process had gone far enough. He hoped that it
would go no further. The House ought to or-
ganize with a view to action, not upon the country,
Dut upon itself. Let them elect their officers at
once. Let these officers proceed to discharge their
appropriate duties. Whatinconvenience, he would
ask, could result from the appointment of a Speaker
protem. 7 What harm could follow? Itcotdd be
no party triumph, even if it were claimed as such.
Whatinteresta could suffer any disadvantage? The
object of organization had reference to the internal
economy of the House. It was to act upon the
members themselves; it was to enforce order; to
provide the instruments without which the House
cou'd not proceed. A Sergeant-at-Arms, a Door-
keeper, a Postmaster, were as indispensable to
the House in its proceedings, as*any other pre-
liminary arrangement. He would not, he re-
peated, insist upon the name of. any particular
gentleman. He had not indicated him. Circum-
stances had done so; and if circumstances should
more strongly suggest the name of another indi-
vidual, he was willing that that name should be
substituted. If the House was not prepared to
adopt the resolution, he would suggest that it
should be laid upon the table, that it might be
taken up at a future day.
As the objection might be made that a tempo-
rary Speaker could not be elected, except by a
vacancy of a regular Speaker, he would say he
thought the objection had no force. It was true
that, in the decisions of courts, some such doctrine
had been advanced; but no court had any authority
here. The members of this House were them-
selves the fountain-head of parliamentary law; it
began with them; and its binding piecedents were
to be found with ihemselves in this hall. And if
they thought it expedient that a temporary Speaker
should succeed a regular one, they could so order.
Had not the House already, in a manner, done
this? Why was Mr. Sargent stationed at that
desk, or Mr. Horner at the door? It was by the
force of the condition of things which nowexisted.
These officers were no more connected with this
House than was the late Speaker.
Mr. W. having concluded—
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Tennessee said :
Mr. Clerk: I had attempted to get the floor for
the purpose of offering the resolutions that I hold
in my hand, but failed to do so, the gentleman
from Massachusetts having obtained the floor and
offered his resolution, which differs some little
from the resolutions that I shall presently send to
the Clerk's table to be read. The remarks just
made by the gentleman from South Carolina must
satisfy every member of the necessity of a speedy
II organization of the House. 1 am a Whig, sir,
11 and I came here anxious indeed that the party to
i' which I belong should elect a Speaker friendly to
:! the Administration—a Speaker that would so
arrange the committees that it would give to the
distinguished individual at the head of the Govern-
ment an opportunity of placing fairly before the
country the measures and policy that will mark
and distinguish this Administration. But, sir, as
anxious as I am and have been to accomplish
that object, I feel it to be my duty to-offer this
resolution, which will, if adopted by the House,
end the contest in a few votes, and elect a Speaker.
| Should that individual be the distinguished gentle-
; mun from Massachusetts, I would be pleased m-
(' deed; but should he be the distinguished gentleman
:| from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] 1 shall be content, be-
| lieving that he will dischaige the duties of the sta-
ll tion with dignity and ability. I am aware, sir,
11 that this resolution will be viewed by a small party
i in this House as an iron rule. Be it so; for one,
j! sir, I am willing to take the responsibility, and
1. run roughshod over that small party, believing that
; the public interest requires that 1 should do so.
, It is better, sir, that the feelings of a small party
; should be outraged, than that the interest of the
I public should suffer. The Whig and Democratic
i parties have a large majority upon the floor, and
I the Speaker should be elected from one or the
[j other of those great parties; and if my resolution
|j is adopted, it will produce that result; and the two
!| parties owe it to themselves to adopt this resolu-
;l tion and put an end to this contest. I now send
ij you the resolutions to be read:
II Whereas the public interest requires that turiher delay
j' in the oigauuaiion ol the House oi Representatives should
I nut take place ; .uid whereas the past experience of the ten
11 davs> voting establishes iht; fact toat it is extremely dtfficult
to "accomplish so ue.-irable a result:
Be it therefore resolved, That no vote given tor any mem-
ber rtlialI lie cuunled !>> the tellers, unless such individual
so voted for.shall have been nominated by his ftiencis lor the
station ot Speaker.
Be it further revived, That after the different gentlemen
who aie spoken ol by their friend* lor that station shall have
been nominated, the House shall proceed 10 vote vwa voce
for the individual so nominated; and the individual who
receives the siiia'!i!.-.t number ol votes upon the first count,
i h's name sh:ill be withdrawn, continuing thy rule of vvith-
I drawing the name of the individual who receives the small-
est number of votes, until there is an election for the
Speaker.
! Mr. WOODWARD inquired whether he had
1 understood the gentleman from Massachusetts
1 [Mr. Ashmun] as giving way for his (Mr. W.'s)
j resolution?
Mr. ASHMUN said, No, he had not given
way. He desired that the vote should be taken on
his own resolution.
Mr. ROOT expressed the pleasure with which
he had listened to the frank expression of views
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] though he differed with the gentleman in
many respects. But he could not for the life of
him understand by what right the gentleman from
Tennessee should prescribe to him (Mr. R.) the
rule by which he should vote—should say, by a
proposition which he called upon the House to
adopt, that he should vote for the caucus candidate,
or lose his vote.
Mr. WOODWARD interposed; and desired to
suggest very respectfully, to the gentleman from
Ohio, that they debate and act upon the resolution
before the House. ,
Mr. ROOT replied that he would suggest to his
friend from South Carolina, that if he would read
the resolution before the House, he would not find
it to differ much in principle from thatof which the
gentleman from Tennessee had given notice. It
was, perhaps, a little more decorous in its form,
but in principle there was very little difference.
Mr. WILLIAMS explained that his resolu-
tion did not confine gentlemen, in their votes,
to caucus candidates, but left every man at lib-
erty at first to vote for whom he chose. He moved
his resolution as an amendment to that of Mr.
Ashmun.
Mr. ROOT still held the floor
[Cries of "Let us vote"—"(Question."]
Mr. ROOT proceeded further to say that he ob-
jected to the whole thing—to both resolutions. He
did not pretend that the majority of this House
had not the right to organize: he knew that was
the way in which it must be done; he was content
and desirous that it should be done in that way.
It should be done as quickly as possible. He did
not ask that the House should go out of the two
great parties for a candidate, but he merely asked
that he have the right to vote for whom he wished.
He did not wish any member proscribed as a can-
didate until he was proscribed by the election of
another. If one party could not elect a candidate
of their own, let them support some one taken
from the other party; and let them come out boldly
and do it, and not to attempt to plead, in extenua-
tion before their constituents, that though they
hated to, they were obliged, by a rule of the House,
to do so; and if gentlemen belonging to the two
great parties were so anxious to effect an organ-
ization, let them unite in this way, without spend-
ing more time in this unprofitable manner.
While he was on the floor, he begged leave to
refer to one other subject, antifeei) he should con-
clude.
For the first week of the session, and perhaps
for a longer time, the reason commonly, almost
invariably, given by gentlemen of both the great
parties for the failure to organize the House, was,
the incorrigible obstinacy of the Free-Soiler3 and
the impracticables. Well, he had thought it a
queer reason. He had thought it very strange that
over two hundred men should be put to such a
perfect nonplus by less than twenty members. It
was a greater responsibility than he, as one of
the Free-Soilers, was willing to assume. But he
thought the gentleman flora Tennessee [Mr. Wil-
liams] a little oblivious or inattentive, after the
events of yesterday, to repeat the charge, either
against the .Free Soilers or the impracticables of
this House. They had had something else to
prevent the organization. One of those gentlemen
who had spoken yesterday [Mr. Meade] had
said, that if the House could not be organized in
such a manner as to secure one kind of action, and
to prevent another kind of action, he hoped in
God that he had looked upon the last Speaker of
the House of Representatives. Another gentle-
man, [Mr. Toombs,] who had no doubt spoken
with sincerity, had said, that if a particular course
of policy was to be pursued here, " let disorder
reign;" and from the applause and the satisfaction
with which the declaration was received on both
sides of the House, he (Mr. R.) had felt that there
was something more than a small band of Free-
Soilers who stood in the way of an organization.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,]
in his remarks yesterday, had taken the ground
that the way to put down these sectional feelings,
was to draw party lines tight and strong; that the
Speaker should be elected by an outright party
