 THE C0NGKESS10NAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS f3 FOR THIS SESSION.
,31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER Si, 1849.
New Series.... No. 3.
organization; and that the committees were to be |i
appointed so as to be practicable and efficient. ;!
That was the way to put down disorder. That1
was the way, in the language of the gentleman ;
from Virginia, to look upon another Speaker. i
But gentlemen could not much longer believe j
that it was the Free-Soilers who prevented an or- \
ganization. And let him tell gentlemen, resort to !
what means they might—use what party machin- !
ery they pleased—the object and design were per- i
fectly apparent to this House and to the whole 1
country. It was to gag down a sentiment firmly i
established. Well, if gentlemen were thestrongest,
if they had a majority on this floor who concurred ■
in that opinion, in God's name let them go for- '
ward openly, manfully, and carry it out. He :
quarreled with no man for his honest convictions
and action upon them; and he claimed for himself ,
the same right. He would to God that northern :
men, representing northern constituencies, would
stand up with the manliness in defence of their ;
rights, as southern representatives did, and always .
had, since he (Mr. R.) had occupied a seat on this !
floor.
Mr. McLANE (Mr. R. yielding for explana-
tion) said that, in his remarks of yesterday, he
had fully intended to advocate a strenuous effort 1
for effecting a strict political organization of the
House of Representatives, as the best and perhaps ,
only means of avoiding a sectional organization.
He did not, however, understand that a political
or party organization was to be used for the pur-
pose of smothering the local sentiment or opinions
of either northern or southern men composing the
political parties which divide the House and the
country. On the contrary, he (Mr. McL.) de-
sired that every local sentiment and opinion should
be fully and fairly developed; but he did not de-
sire to see local and sectional opinions made para-
mount to the federal character of our Government
and political parties. A just regard and respect
for local opinions was at the base of our Federal
Union, and if not always maintained, must neces-
sarily drive men of the'North and South into sec-
tional organizations, and thus lead rapidly to a
dissolution of the existing Confederacy.
Mr. ROOT (resuming) said he would not enter
into the distinction between national and local
questions. He presumed he should differ with
the gentleman from Maryland on that point. For
one, he (Mr. R.) thought it was a matter of some
national consequence whether the power and the
influence of this Government were to be used to
extend the institution of slavery over territory now
free. That was no " local" question. If it were
to be done, and to be done by the power and the
patronage of the whole country; aye, if his con-
stituents, among the people of the other sections,
were to be taxed to carry out a policy which, in i
their souls and before God, they abhorred, he be- ,
lieved it would be merely paltering with this ques- ]
tion, and not good policy to attempt to avoid it. •
Let gentlemen meet the question boldly, and not ;
try to dodge. Let them represent the will of their
constituents, if they could conscientiously? if not,
let them back out, and leave their people to send ,
other men here, who would fairly represent their
views and feelings upon this great question. But
let not gentlemen endeavor to smother up this
thing" If they violated principles, and continued
to violate them, they must sooner or later suffer ,
the consequences.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, took the floor, ;
and addressed the House upon various topics for
about an hour and twenty minutes. The points
to which he directed his remarks may be briefly
stated as follows:
He expressed the satisfaction he felt that the
proposition which had been introduced by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmen,]
seemed to find sonic favor with the House. It
would be, recollected that he had himself intro-
duced something of a similar proposition last week.
So far as he was personally concerned, he was
anxious to see an organization of the House by
the election of Speaker and other officers, even if
it could be effected by no other means than a
plurality vote. He had no particular affection for
his own proposition. If it was right in itself, come
from what quarter it might, he would vote for it.
After alluding to the condition of parties in this
House, which he designated as triangular—and
having also alluded, passingly, to the conspicuous
part which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root]
had taken in the debate since the commencement
of the session, Mr. J. proceeded to notice the de-
nunciations with which his own proposition had
been received the other day, and to vindicate that
proposition from the charge that it was an infringe-
ment of the Constitution.
From this topic he passed on to a notice of the
remarks which had been made yesterday by the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Conrad,] in eu-
logy of Mr. Winthrop's administration of the
duties of the Speaker's chair. He (Mr. Johnson)
would like the gentleman to show the data upon
which he had founded these remarks. He must
presume that the gentleman could not have been
well-informed on the subject; and, if not, then he
should not have asserted what he did not know to
be the fact. If the gentleman was posted up in
these matters, and knew their history thoroughly, |
he must have known that the eulogy he had ut- j
tered was not merited. Instead of having com-
manded and received the universal respect, the
gentleman, on reference to the record, would find
that a very respectable minority had, on the last
' night of the last session, recorded their votes
against the resolution of thanks to the late Speaker
for his dignity and impartiality; besides which,
forty-five members sat in their seats refusing to
vote.
Mr. J. now proceeded to arraign the course of
Mr. Winthrop in his organization of the com-
mittees of the last Congress, showing that the
chairmen of twenty-four out of thirty-seven com-
mittee had been taken from the non-slaveholding
, States, leaving only thirteen chairmen to be dis-
. tributed among fifteen slaveholding States.
Mr. WINTHROP (interposing) briefly reiter-
ated the declaration he had made yesterday, that
he did not intend to be drawn into a discussion
here in relation to his administration of the duties
of the chair. He simply stated, that by reference
to the numbers of Representatives from the slave-
holding and the free States, it would be seen that,
in the appointment of chairmen of the committees,
; he had observed the rules of due proportion be-
tween the two.
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded with his remarks,
! arraigning Mr. W. upon other points connected
with the same topic, and denying, on these
i grounds also, the justice of the eulogy which the
! gentleman from Louisiana had passed upon him.
Mr. J. adverted to the remarks of Mr. Stanly
; on a former day, especially to that portion of them
in which he said that he blushed not for his own,
but for the Democratic side of the House. And
1 Mr. J. argued that the proposition which the gen-
: tleman from North Carolina had himself offered,
partook more strongly of the character of a bar-
■ gain and sale than anything which had taken place
on the Democratic side of the House, and was
j calculated to produce a deeper crimson on the
cheek than could be called up by anything done on
1 that side.
At this point of the remarks of Mr. J.—
i Mr. STANLY interposed and taid: Will the
. gentleman allow an interruption ?
I Mr. JOHNSON yielded the floor.
Mr. STANLY said: Mr. Clerk, when I offered
I the resolution referred to, which the gefitlema®
! denounces, I stated it was the suggestion cf a Dem-
! ocrat, and of an honorable man. I therefore pass
, over what is said against that resolution.
But the gentleman refers to what I said relative
! to "blushing." I thought, since the exposure
made on Wednesday last, that everybody under-
> stood what I referred to. Certain honorable gen*
tlenien on the other side had said, on that day,
' that their thanks were due to sotse of us on this
!: side, for saving them from " odium." But 1 do
I! not wish to go further in that discussion—it is
l| " pouring water on a drowned rat."
But in reply to the remarks of the gentleman, I
will say that, in referring to those who would
blush at the disclosures that would follow, I had
no reference to him. From what I have heard of
him, and judging from the speech he has made
this morning, I have no idea that he could be
made to blush at anything—he is past that.
Mr. JOHNSON asked Mr. Stanly whether he
meant anything m a personal sense.
Mr. STANLY said, with good humor, Not at
all—only in a " Pickwickian sense,"
Mr. JOHNSON satd, an individual that was
bold enough, in open day, to come forward with a
proposition which abandons the principles of the
two great parties, and to bargain with each other
for the officers of the House—that is, one take the
Speaker, the other the Clerk, and so on, till the
whole fifteen or more officers were divided between
the Whigs and Democrats, combining for the pur-
pose of excluding the Free-Soilers, a small minor-
ity in this House, and thereby say to the coun-
try that it was the offices and the emolument of
office that prevented the organization of this House,
and not an honest difference of political opinion—
would not blush at that which would make one of
those long-eared animals, that bray by instinct,
leave his oats. This, of course, is meant in a
Pickwickian sense.
Mr. ,T. then adverted to the subject of slavery,
and to the fact that the South had made the touch-
stone of Mr. Winthrop's election to the Speak-
ership his soundness upon that question. He
arraigned the course and votes of Mr. Winthrop
on that proviso, of which he argued that gentle-
man was the real, whilst Mr. Wilmot was but
the putative father. He declared that he would
rather this day vote for Mr. Giddincs than for
Mr. Winthrop as Speaker; and accused the latter
of playing the politician with the South in order to
secure his own political preferment.
After brief interruptions by Messrs. Ashmun,
Winthrop, and Schenck—
Mr. J. proceeded to arraign the action of Mr.
Holmes, of South Carolina, in relation to the
election of Speaker at the Isst Congress.
Mr. HOLMES (interposing) said he would
merely remark, that he was satisfied with what
he had done last year towards placing in the chair
of this House a gentleman of talents, of patriotism,
and of virtue, in other words, he had no misgiv-
ings and no repentance for the course he had then
taken.
Some conversation passed between Mr. John-
son and Mr. Holmes.
Mr. J. then referred in terms of commendation
to the position taken by Messrs. Toombs and Ste-
phens, though at the last Congress they had voted
for Mr. Winthrop for Speaker. He adverted to
the support which theSouth had given to Gen. Tay-
lor and Mr. Fillmore, and argued that the South
might despair of any aid from those quarters. He
recited the various anti-slavery propositions which
had been introduced into the House since the elec-
tion of the present Whig Administration. It was
no wonder, he said, that the South had at last be-
come alarmed, and was moving upon the subject.
He rejoiced that siie was coming to herself. Georgia
and Tennessee seemed to be moving, and he trust-
ed that even North Carolina, which appeared to
have been slnmbering so long, would ultimately
come up fair upon this question. The South
must stand together—she could not be divided.
Mr. J. referred to the value and extent of the
interests involved in the slave labor of the South,
and its importance with relation to the products
of the free white labor of the North. On this sub-
ject Mr. J. spoke at some length.
J Mr. CLINGMAN rising, said he wished to
make an inquiry of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Johnson,] as to whether he under-
stood him correctly in eaying that North Carolina
was slumbering long.
Mr. JOHNSON disclaimed any disrespect to
1 the State, but meant that she was not so forward
| as some of the States, &c.
Mr. CLINGMAN said that many persons
I thought North Carolina asleep, merely Wause
