34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14,
she,was not always talking* that when talk-
ing only was to be done, she left it to others;
but when the time for action arrived, no State
was before her. As soon as the news of the
battle.of Lexington arrived, (more than a year
before the Declaration of Independence,) or within
a few days thereafter, the people of North Carolina
met together in Mecklenburg, and in a number of
the other counties, and at once formally dissolved
the bands which had connected them with Great
Britain, and established a government for them-
selves. If there should be a necessity for action
to protect the rights and liberties of the South, no
State would be more forward than she in any
proper action.
Mr. C. further said, that this being the first
occasion on which he had been before the House
in any way, to prevent misconception as to his
views, he thought proper to say, that though
his course in voting for a Speaker was different
from that of the gentlemen from Georgia re-
ferred to, yet he approved the course of remark
in which they had indulged yesterday. The
sentiments generally expressed by Mr. Toombs
met his cordial approbation; and he had repeatedly
said that the speech of that gentleman was one of
the ablest, most forcible, and eloquent he had ever
heard, as was evident from the profound and ex-
cited sensation it produced over the House. In
his general views, as well as those of his colleague
[Mr. Stephens] and of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Hillard,] he fully concurred. But
he thought that the southern members, being in
the minotity, ought rather to allow the 'House to
be organized as formerly, and wait the course uf
events. If improper measures should be brought
forward, then would be the time to make a dem-
onstration against them m the most effective man-
ner. While he hoped that no such necessity
would arise, he had no doubt but that it would be
met in the proper manner by the South.
As to Mr. Wintiirop, he differed entirely in
opinion with the gentleman from Tennessee, re-
garding that gentleman as eminently qualified for
the station of Speaker, he having presided over
the last House with great ability and dignity. His
personal preference would lead him to vote for
Mr. Winthrop, independently of other consider-
ations. This statement he thought it fit to make,
lest it should be supposed that differences in cast-
ing votes for Speaker implied a difference of opin-
ion with regard to the rights and duty of the
South.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee allow me to make an observation ? The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
has alluded to a historical event, which can no
longer be questioned, though it was at one time
disputed, to wit: That prior to the Declaration of
Independence by the United Colonies, in 1776, a
Convention at Charlotte, in the State of .North
Carolina, did declare the people they represented
independent of Great Britain. If the House will
excuse me, I will add another historical fact, not
heretofore brought to notice. In the Convention
at Charlotte, there was a delegate from South
Carolina, and this delegate was one of the commit-
tee of three who reported the resolutions to the
Convention.
Mr. JOHNSON disavowed any disrespect in
the allusion he had made to the Old North State.
Heretofore, and in some particular instances, she
had seemed a little slow. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Vlr. Clingman] seemed to have
voted for Mr. Winthrop from personal prefer-
ence, yet he had said he approved the remarks of
the gentleman from Georgia. Why not imitate
the action and the example of the gentleman from
Georgia? Did not the gentleman from North
Carolina know that Mr. Winthrop was a Wil-
mot proviso man; that he had organized the com-
mittees in the manner stated by him, (Mr. J.;)
and that he had voted against the admission of
Florida into the Union, because she was a siave-
holding state ? Tliese things the gentleman well
knew ; yet when he came to vote, it was quite an-
other thing. That great master of the human
heart, Shakspeare, had described this sort of vacil-
lating action as f< keeping the word of promise to
the ear, but breaking it to the hope." He (Mr.
J.) thought that the gentleman from North Car-
olina, and the gentleman from Massachusetts,
were both in the same category. They professed
®pne thing and did another.
In conclusion, he alluded to the united front which
the South at last presented—declaring his affection
for the Union, and deprecating its dissolution; but
expressing his conviction that the only mode by
which it could be preserved, was by a resolute ad-
herence to the position which the South had taken,
of timely resistance against any aggressions that
might be made upon her.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, rose and sent to
the Clerk's table a resolution, which was read for
information, proposing to confine the speeches of
gentlemen, until a Speaker was elected, to fifteen
minutes.
M*. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
M. YEN ABLE simultaneously moved that
the whole subject be laid on the table.
[Loud cries on all sides of the House: <i Vote—
vote—let us goto voting."]
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, referring to the
motion which had been made to lay the whole
subject on the table, said that his resolution was
riot yet before the House, it having been read for
information alone. Hegave notice, thatat a proper
time, he would offer that resolution.
Mr BROWN, of Indiana, inquired of the
Clerk what the several propositions pending be-
fore the House were?
The Clerk proceeded to explain them.
Mr. WOODWARD interposed with the re-
mark that his resolution had not yet been formally
offered by him.
Mr. VEiNABLE again moved to lay the sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, inquired
whether the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Asximun] was not the only
proposition-pending before the House, and whether
it was not upon that alone that the members were
called to vote ?
The Cleric said that the pending proposition
was the resolution of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and that a motion had been made to lay
that resolution on the table.
The resolution was again read for information.
And the question, " Shall this resolution be laid
upon the table?" was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The House now, by a very general voice, de-
manded the call of the roll.
DEBATE TERMINATED.
Mr. DIMMICK, of Pennsylvania, now rose
and offered the following resolution, which was
read:
Resolved, That this House shall proceed to the flection of
a Spe.iker, and continue its effort* 10 effect sueli an elec-
tion, without debate Iron* any member oi this House, until
an election is effected.
Mr. WOODWARD said that hedesired to make
a single observation. The proposition which he
had introduced was perfectly consistent with every
resolution that had been offered. They might
adopt it, and adopt every resolution which had
been before the House. This one might follow.
The question was then taken on the resolution
of Mr. Djmmick, and was decided in the affirma-
tive by an overwhelming "aye."
So the resolution was.adopted.
[The annunciation was greeted with strong
marks of approbation.]
The call of the roil was then again demanded
from every part of the Hall.
And the House again proceeded to vote for
Speaker viva voce.
Messrs. Hilliard of Alabama, Strong of
Pennsylvania, Duer of New York, and Miller
of Ohio, resumed their seats at the Clerk's table
as tellers, to count the vote.
The roll was then called the forty-second time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given was 225; necessaiy to a choice 113;
of which—
Mr. Boyd received 51
Mr. Winthrop 36
Mr. Stanly 30
Mr. Potter    24
Mr. Howell Cobb   18
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens  11
Mr. Morehead  9
Mr. RoberfM. McLane  8
Mr. Wilmot     6
Mr. Duer     5
Mr. Hilliard    3
Mr. McGaughey    3
Mr. Outlaw...      2
Mr. McDowell  2
Mr. Marshall......  2
Mr. Disney .. 2,
Mr. Julian    2
Mr. Vinton  2
Mr. Gorman   1
Mr. Toombs  1
Mr. Frederick P. Stanton  1
Mr. Newell.,  .  1
Mr. Tuck      1
Mr. Baker      1
Mr. Fuller..       1
Mr. McClernand  1
Mr. Durkee..   1
225
The following is the vote in detail:
For Linn Boyd—bUiksrs. Bayly, Bissell, Bocock, Bow-
don, Bowlin, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Howell Cobb, Col-
cock, Darnel, Ewmg, Giloiort*, Ilachett, Ball, Haralson,
Harmanson, Isham G.Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Hairis, Hollad-iy, Holmes, Howard, Robert W. Johnson,
Kaufman, La Sere, L< filer, Job Mann, Mason, McCler-
nand, McMullen, McQueen, McWilIie, Meade, Miller,
Moise, On, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robhins,
Ros^, Savage, Seddori, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton,Thomas, Venable, Wallace, Wellborn.and Wood-
ward
For Robert C. Winthrop—Messrs. Alexander, Brooks,
Bui rows, Thomas B Butler, Clarke, Conrad, Corwm, Dix-
on, Fovvlor, Fr<'edley, Goodenow, Gott, Hay, Hebard, Jack-
son, Daniel P. King, George G, Kim:, James G. King, John
A. King, Marshall, Matteson, Meaeham, Nelson, Newell,
Oti<, Putnam, Retd, Rislfy, Sehermerhorn, Silvester,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, White, and Wilson.
For Edward Stanly—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, Bokee,
Bowie, Breck, Brigtjs, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chandler, De-
berry, Duncan, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Havmond, Hen-
ry, Kerr, McGaughey, Outlaw, Phcemx, Pitman, Rose,
Schenck, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, John B. Thompson, Thur-
man, Vinton, Watkins, Williams, and Winthrop.
For Emery D. Potter—Me*-sr« Bingham, Joseph Cabte,
Cartter, Cleveland, Dunmick, Doty, Filch, Gerry, Harlan,
Ilihhard, Hoagland, Litilefield, Mnrn*, Peaslee, Peck, Saw-
telle, Stel-on, Strong, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth, Whit-
tle^e}', Wildnek, and Wood.
For Howell Cobb—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bay, Beale,
Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Edmundson,
Featherston, Green, Andrew Johnson, Jones, McDowell,
Robert M. McLane, Miller, Parker, Jacob Thompson, and
Young.
For Thaddeus Stevens—Messrs. Calvin, Casey, Dickey,
Hampton, Horace Mann, Nes, Ogle, Rockwell, Sackett,
Underbill, and Van uyke.
For Charles S. Morehead— Messrs. Chester Butler, Duer,
Ililluml, James L. Johnson, McKissock, Morion, Owen,
Toomb«, and Levin.
For Robert M. McLane—Messrs. Albertson, Buel, Dun-
ham, Fuller, Hamilton, Hammond, Robinson,and William
Thompson.
For David Wilmot— Messrs. Allen, Booth, Darkee, Gid-
dingc, Preston King, and Tuck.
For William Duer—Mosrs. Ashinun, Bennett, Reynolds,
Runisey, and Thaddeus Stevens.
For Edward W. McGaughey—Messrs. Baker, Cote, and
Nathan Evans.
For Henry W. Hilliard—Messrs. Alston, F. E. McLean,
and Morehead.
For David Outlaw—Messrs. Clingman and Alexander H.
Stephens.
For James McDowell—Messrs. Williamson R. W. Cobb
and McLanahan.
For Humphrey Marshall—Messrs. Alexander Evans and
Houston.
~ ForZ)rttM T Disney—Messrs. Gorman and Sweetser.
For George W. Julian—Messrs. Howe and Root.
For Samuel F Vinton—Messrs. Hunter and Taylor.
X^or El ward D. Baker—Mr. Moore.
For Thomas J. D. Fullei—Mr. Olds.
For John A. McOlernand—Mr. James Thompson.
For Charles Durkee—Mr. Wilmot.
For Robert Toombs—Mr. E C. Cabell.
For &ViUiam Jl. Newell—Mr. Campbell.
For Jlraos Tuck—Mr. Ciowrll.
For Willis Ji. Gorman—Mr. Disney.
For Frederick P. Stanton—Mr. Hubbard.
No choice.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, offered the follow-
ing resolutions, which were read by the Clerk:
Ifesolved, That upon the first vote for Speaker, whoever
shail receive a plurality of the votes, provided that plu-
rality shall be forty-nine hundredths of all the votes cast,
shall be Speaker of the fIou>e. And
Reiolved, further, That should no one he chosen on the
first vote, that upon the second vote, whoever shall receive
a plurality ofvotes, provided that plurality shail be forty-eight
hundiedths of all the votes ca*t, shall be declared Speaker.
And upon the thud vote a plurality of lorty-seven hundredths
shall elecr; and upon the fourth vote forty-six hundredths;
and thus [ailing one, until a Speaker is elected.
Mr. BAYLY rose and vsaid, that he should move
to lay the resolution on the table. Debate was not
now in order, having been prohibited 1>y the reso-
lution which the House bad just adopted. If de-
bate were in order, he thought he could satisfy
the House that this resolution was unconstitu-
tional.
