1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
had Utile or no hope that any could be effected.
For his owrr part, he was not in favor of the Pres-
ident's proposition, but he was in favor of some-
thing like it. That proposition was a little im-
provement on the proposition of General £ass in
the Nicholson letter. He (Mr. McL.) was not in
favor of either. He thought that the people of the
territories had no right to settle the question of
slavery within their limits, until they were pre-
pared to come as States into the Union. New
Mexico was not qualified to form a State consti-
tution. Her people consisted of a mixed breed,
not familiar with our institutions, not indoctrina-
ted with our principles, and, consequently, not in
a condition to be placed on equal terms with our
own citizens. They should go into territorial pu-
pilage. So with Utah, ller people were not pre-
pared to govern themselves, and he was opposed to
their admission. Let them be taken care of, and
putunder proper tuition until, having grown up un-
der our institutions, they should be qualified to come
into the Union. They were entitled to some gov-
ernment, and to that extent he opposed the Presi-
dent's plan, and sustained that of the compiomise
committee. There was, however, much m the
plan of that committee to which he was opposed,
and m the course which he should adopt here, he
intended to follow no •lead, but to act and to vote
only in accordance with that which he believed to
be right. If the North would accept California
with her free constitution and her extended boun-
daries, and would give territorial governments to
Utah and New Mexico, that would be a compro-
mise to which he would assent, it was probable
that even California, with her vast variety of
tongues, and her varied and conflicting interests,
might not be altogether qualified to come into the
Union. It was possible that she might form a
troublesome, an unreliable, and a wild member
of the Confederacy. One such neighbor we might
perhaps get along with; but if we had a batch of
them on our borders, he knew not how soon se-
rious trouble might come, or how long it might be
before we should have a rival Republic there.*
Mr. McL then proceeded to speak in opposition
to that portion of the compromise plan which pro-
posed to give ten millions of dollars to Texas for
her boundary claim. Though originally among
the number of those who believed that the
boundary extended only to the Nueccs, yet her
claim to the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its
source, had, he contended, been asserted and main-
tained by this Government: and he, for one, would
not stultify the Government now by its repudiation. !
He was in favor of giving to Texas all the bound-
ary she had over claimed. This point in the
controversy, however, was but another phase of
the one great question whjeh was asritatinsr the
country—that was to say, whether this territory
should be slave territory or free. He then an-
nounced his intention to notice some of the arsu-
mentswhich had-been advanced in the courseof the
debase: but, preliminarily, invited the Chairman
to inform him how much of the hour was yet re-
maining1.
The CHAIRMAN said, four minutes.
Mr. McLEAN, manifesting almost as much
astonishment as if a small thunderbolt harl hit
him, said he must then forego that portion of his
remarks, and in the midst of a good-humored
notice which he was talcing of a portion of the
speech made on a former day by Mr. Corwjn— '
The hammer fell." '
Mr. HOAGLAND obtained the floor, and yield- j
ed to a motion by 1
Mr, HARALSON that the committee rise. j
The motion heing rejected— j
Mr. HOAGLAND resumed the floor, and pro- {
ceeded to address the committee. He took a j
passing notice of the compromise plan proposed
by Mr. McClernand, 'and declared his unwill-
ingness to support it. To the proposition to
pay'Texas ten millions of dollars, he could
not subscribe. He did not undertake to say that
she had no claim to the disputed territory, but
whatever it might be, he thought it should be pre-
sented and adjudicated in the name of Texas, and
not be allowed to embarrass the admission of Cali-
fornia. He was no Abolitionist; he condemned !
their impracticable schemca and purposes; but he
could not go as far as some others for compromise.
He held the doctrine of non-intervention—non-
interference by Congress with the local rights
and laws of the citizens of the territories. °He
warned the South to cease their efforts to extend
slavery by the action of the General Government;
affirming that in this they set a precedent which
the Abolitionists could claim in their efforts to
abolish it—the same principle being involved in
both case's.
He maintained the people of California, having
framed for themselves a constitution, Republican
in it«5 forms and regulating the question of slavery,
that they were entitled to admission as a vState,
and that the people of the remaining territories
should be left in like manner to act for themselves.
Though not an alarmist, he deprecated the excite-
ment and dissensions that had arisen between the
different sections and considered that if allowed to
progress, they must seriously endanger the pros-
perity and'the stability of the Union. He appealed
to all parties to pause, unitedly to breast the storm,
and harmoniously settle the pending difficulties by
doing justice to all sections.
Mr. H having concluded—
Mr. TUCK obtained the floor, and yielded to a
motion bv
Mr. FOWLER, that the committee rise.
Which being adopted, the committee rose and
reported.
On motion by Mr. VENABL12,
X)r(?eicJ, That tiip proposition PiihmittPd, to-day, by the
gentleman fiom Tennessee. [Mr. Jonfs,] be printed.
The House, on motion by Mr. TUCK, ad-
journed.
FETfTIONS, Sic.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. WOOD r A memorial from Homer Kverpft and 40
other*, citizens of Fremont, in the county of S.wduskv,
pricing Congress to give to the authorities of said tmvn lull
jurisdiction over iho urit-old strip of Government land, on
the bank of Sandu«ky river, in the original surveyed town
of Ciojjan^villee, with autboiity to sell'tlie same,and apply
the proceed-; of the same to the school* of said town.
Bv Mr. ROWLtN: 'Die petition of Luther M. Kennel! and
66 others, citizens of St. Loui*, Mij-som i, piavina for the
erection of a custom-house at the city of St. Lotus, of ««f-
ficient capacity to hold the several offices of the United
States at that place, and afford greater security for their
archive?.
Also, thf petition of George Knapp and 105 other citi-
zens of St. Louis, Mi««ouri, nho praj ing for the erection of
a cu^tMn-house at the city of Sr. Loni*, &r\
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of John A. Ragan, praying
Congress to take nieaMires to render the lakes productive.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 5, 1850.
Mr. WALKER. Before proceeding with the
business of the day, I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to an error, in the published report of
the "Union" of this morning, of Rome remarks
which I made on Monday on the compromise bill.
I tim reported to have, said :
"I believe that the full introduced by the Committee of
Thtiteen, anxious as lam for its passage, should be retained
as near rile form in which it was introduced as possible."
I made no expression of my anxiety for the
passage of this bill. I find that I am correctly
reported in the "Intelligencer" thus :
"I would prefer the bill as it now stands, neither estab-
lishing nor prohibiting slaveiv. but having no expression in
the lull on tin; subject; and if tin: Committee of Thirteen are
anvifms fni the passage nf the hilt, llley wilt do well to keep
it as nearly m its original form as possible," &.c.
I spoke of the anxiety of the committee and not of
myownanxiety. Whatevermy private individual
opinions on the subject of this bill may be, I do
not feel myself at liberty to express any anxiety
for its passage.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
nf the State of Illinois, asking that Ho State may
hereafter be admitted into the Union whose consti-
tution does not expressly prohibit slavery within
its limits.
.Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that slavery may be prohibited by law in
the Territories of the United States.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be'
abolished in the District of Columbia or the seat
of Government removed therefrom; all of which
several petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MILLER presented two memorials of phy-
sicians and members of medical associations, arid
other citizens of New Jersey, asking that the rank
of medical officers of the navy may be assimilated
by law with that of officers of the like grade in
the medical department of the army; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a memorial of phy-
sicians residing in the State of Connecticut, ask-
ing that the rank of.the medical officers of the
navy may be assimilated to those of like grade in
the army; which was referred to the Committee ors
Naval Affairs.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to which was referred the mo-
tion to print the following subjects:
The Report of the Secretary of the Interior of
the 23d April, accompanied by a. report of W.
Gary Jones on the land titles of California;
Report of the Secretary of the Interior of the
28th May, with translations and reports of all the
documents which accompanied the report of W.
Gary Jones;
The motion by Mr. Turkey that the report of
Thomas Butler King, special agent to California,
communicated by the President to the House of
Representatives, be printed;
To report in favor of printing said reports, and
that two thousand five hundred copies, in addition "
to the usual number, be printed.
At the time the report made by Mr. Jones
was referred to the committee, a motion was made
to print in the same way the report of Thomas
Butler King, lelating to the same subject. The
committee has considered the subject referred to
them, but thev have delayed making their report
until some additional papers-could be furnished in
connection with the report of Mr. Jones. At the
request of the Senate, these additional papers have
been submitted, and the committee now report in
favor of printing all the papers.
Under the circumstances, perhaps I should state
that the report of iVIr. King is not before the Sen-
ate in manuscript; but it is before the other House,
and has been printed, and copies have been circu-
lated; and therefore the Senate are aware of its
character.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Printing if he has ascertained
the prices that will be charged for this printing.
There are five or six classes of printing, for which
there aie specific prices, and 1 wish to inquire if
this comes under either of those classes, or
whether it is to be paid for at another and a most
exorbitant rate.
Mr. BORLAND. The committee have not
made any estimate of what the price will be. The
contract fixes the. prices at which the different
classes of printing shall be done, and it is not com-
petent for the committee to contract for the print-
ing, or to enter into any examination of that ques-
tion. That is a question to be decided when the
printing is done, and the bills of the printers are
brought in. When the bills come before the com-
mittee, it will be ascertained whether the charges of
the printer are in conformity with his contract. It
will be difficult for the committee to decide until
the printing is done, and the bills are brought in.
Mr. HALE. What led me to ask the question
is, that I hold in my hand the contract for print-
ing, and Senators will see that iheie are certain
kinds of printing—bills, reports, &c.,—which aro
classed, and there are five of these classes. Then
there is a general provision that all other printing,
which is not included in these classes, shall be pafd
at a certain rate. The construction which has
been given to that piovision by the public prmteis
is, that this pamphlet, which I hold in my hand,
did not come under any of these five classes; and
they made the price amount to some thirty-eight
thousand dollars for printing ten thousand copies
Mr. WHITCOMB. How much?
Mr. HALE. Thirty-eight thousand dollars!
That was the contract price as the printers con-
strued it I But some of those who were interested
thought it was "rather high,"—[laughter] 
perhaps rather higher than the Senate would be
willing to.give, and they said they were not will-
ing to accept more than twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars. [Renewed laughter.] And that
sum was paid. Now, if these papers are printed
in the satne way, they will fail under the same de-
nomination of printing with this pamphlet, and
the printing will cost more than one hundred
thousand dollars. I submitted some time ago a
resolution, which passed the Senate, inquiring
from the Printing Committee how much of the
