1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8f5
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and decided in the affirmative without
a division.
So the resolution was Jakl on the table.
The roll was then called the forty-third time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given was 225; necessary to & choice 113;
of which—
iVIr. Boyd received....      €8
Mr. Stanly    40
Mr. Winthrop   . . 25
TvU\ Potter   24
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania 13
MV. Morehead.... 10
Mr. McL&ne, of Maryland..     7
Mr. Wilmot*      6
&Jr. Cobb, of Georgia  6
Mr. Duer   -   5
Mr. Hiiliard  2
Mr. Conrad  3
Mr. Outlaw.  -  3
Mr. Baker   2
Mr. Julian   2
Mr. Newell    1
Mr. McDowell.....   1
Mr. McGaughey............;  1
Mr. Robinson,-.      1
Mr. Marshall    1
Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee    1
Mr. Vinton..........  1 .
Mr. McCiernand.     1
Mr. Durkee..........-  1
225
The following is the vote in detail:
For Zhm Mesfrs Ashe. Bay. Bayly, B^ale,
Bocock. B twli'ii, William J. Brown, Burt. George A. Cald-
well. Coli.uek, Daniel, EJimmdson, Ewwg, Featherston,
Gilmor^, Gorman, Green, Ildckett, Hail, HdraJgon. Har-
mattson, l*h&m G Harris, Samp.-on W. Harrn, Thomas
L. H.rris, flolladay,- Holmes. Howard, Inge, A Johnson,
Robert VV. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman. La Sere, Lelfler,.
* Imtiefield, Job Mann, Mason, McCIeinand, McDowell,
MeLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade,
Mdlson, Morse, Orr, Parker, Pnelps, Potter, Powell, Rich-
ardson, R.iblfios, Rosss, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob
Thonijwo'., William Thompson, Venabie, Wallace, Well-
born, Woodward, and Young.
For JMwtir'l Scanty—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, Baker,
Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Clwster Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Chandler, Conrad, Corwin, Deberry,
Duncan, Natttan Evans, Gould, Gnnnell, Halloway, liay-
mond, Henry. Houston, Kerr, Marshal!, McGaughey, Out-
law. P tnjan,'Risley, Schenckj Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Shepperd. Tavlor, John B. Ttiompson, Thurman, Underbill,
Vinton, Watkms, White, Williams, and Winthrop.
For Robert O. Winthrop—Mes*r*. Alexander, Bennett,
Brooks, Burrows, Clatke,Conger, Dixon. Fowler,Goodenow,
Gott, Hay, Hebard, Jackson, George G. King, Jas. G. King,
John A. King, Matte-on, Meacham, Nelson, Newell, Plice-
mx. Reed, Silvester, Spaulding, and Sprague.
For Emery D. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Cole, Canter,
Cleveland, Dimmick, Dotv, Fitch, Gerry, Harlan, Hibbard,
Hoaaland, Morris, Olds, Peaslee, Peck, Stetson, Sweetser,
Strong, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wiidrick,
and Wood. ~
For Thaddeus Stevens— Messrs. Calvin, Casey, Dickey,
Freedlev, Hampton, Daniel P. King, Levin, Horace Mann,
Ne«, 0«rte, Putnam, Rockwell, and Saekeit.
For Charles S. Morehead—Messrs. E. C. Cabell, Cole,
Du< r Hiiliard, James L. Johnson, McKi&sock, Finis £.
McLean, Morton, Owen, and Rose
For Rohcrt M. McLane— Messrs. Albertson, Buel, Dun-
ham, Fuller, Hamilton, Hammond, and Robinson.
For David Wilmot— Messrs Allen, Booth, Durkee, Gid-
<3ingj. Pieston King, and Tuck.
For Howell Cot>b—Messrs Averett, Bowdon, Bojd, Al-
bert G. Brown, Miller, and R. M. McLane.
For milwni Duer— Messrs. Otis, Reynolds, Rumsey, T. ,
Steven--, and Wilson. . , _ '
For Charles-M. Conrad—Messrs. Ashmun, Stanly, and j
Outlaw—Messrs. Clingman, A. H. Stephens, ■
^off/win">f. Hil'iari—Messrs. Alston and Morehead. |
For FJ«'«rd D. linker—Messrs Bi >gs  and Moore. j
Fur «eo>  « W. Jul'an—Mw Howe Hiid Root.
for John J. McCiernand—Mr. James Thompson. i
For McDowell-Mr. VV. K. W. Col,I,.
For Eda-ard W. McGuughcy—Mr. Cro«eil. i
For John L. Rofci«?o«—Mr Disney. ,
For Humphrey Marshall"— Mr. A. Evans. j
For Prefer ick P. Stanton—Mr. H u bbard. ;
F< r S«tttuci F. Vinton—Mr. Hunter. ;
For Charles Durkee—Mr. Wilmot. !
for IVdlian A. Newell—Mr. CampjeU. ;
No choice. ;
Mr. WOODWARD said he had risen to make j
a motion which was always in order.
A o-reat many members, he said, had in their ;
hands husiness of their constituents requiring at- .
tendance at the different departments—business
such as ought not to be deferred. They could not
attend to 'it whilst the House was in session,
without losing their votes on the election of
Speaker. He suggested, therefore, that the House
should adjourn Over to Monday, with a view to
give members the benefit of a day at the depart-
ments.
The Clerk having staled the motion—
Tellers were asked and refused.
The question was then taken; but the Clerk
could not decide by the sound what the result was.
The yeas and nays were then demanded on the
motion to adjourn; and it was yet doubtful whether
they had been ordered or not, when—
Mr. WOODWARD said, that as there was an
evident disposition to take another vote, he would
withdraw his motion.
So the motion to ad journ to Monday was with-
drawn.
Mr. LEVIN moved that the House adjourn
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next, at
twelve o'clock.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the House adjourn
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
After some conversation, the motions to adjourn
were withdrawn, or, at least, not persisted in; for
it was impossible, m the confusion, to tell precisely
what became of them.
The roll was then called the forty-fourth time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given was 223; necessary to a choice 112;
of which—
Mr. Boyd received 82
Mr. Stanly 49
Mr. Winthrop 27
Mr. Potter 22
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania 12
Mr. Wilmot  6
Mr. Morehead  6
Mr. Duer  3
Mr. Strong  2
Mi. Julian  2
Mr. Outlaw  2
Mr. Hilhard  1
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia ^  1
Mr. Schenck  1
Mr. McGaughey  1
Mr. Robinson  1
Mr. Baker  1
Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee 1
Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts  1
Mr. McCiernand  1
Mr. Durkee  1
223
The following is the vote in detail:
For Linn Bjyd— Messrs. Astie, Averett, Bay, Bai iy,
Beale, Busell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlm, A. U. Biuwii,
W. J. Brown, liuit, (Jeoiat; A. Caldwell. Howell Cobb, \\ il-
hamsoiiR. W. Cobb, Colcock, Damtl, Dunham, fcdmund-
son, Ewing. Featherstori, Fuller, Gilmoie, Gorman, tireen,
Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harmansun, l.-ham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, T. L.. Harris, Hibbard, Holladay,
Holmes, Howard, Inje, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere, Leffl.-r, LmlefieJd, Joo
IHdtjn, Mason, McCiernaini,McDonald, Meljanahaii, K. -M.
McLane, McMullen, Mf&ueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller,
Millson, Morris, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter,Pow-
ell, Itichaidsou, Bobbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Saw-
telse, Seddon, Frederick F. dtanton, Richard H Slanton,
Strong, Tliomas, Jacob Thompson, William Thompson,
Tenable, Wallace, Wellborn, Woodward, and Young.
For Eiward Stanly—Messrs. Anderson, Andre%vs, Baker,
Bennett, Bowie. Breek, Bris"*, Chester Butler, Thomas B.
Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Case},Conrad,Corwin, Oenerry,
Duer, Duncan, Altx-.ndor Evans, Trttdley, Gould, Gnnnell, ;
Hayinond, Henr\, Houston. Kerr, Daniel P King, Marshall, ,
Moore, Morehead, Morion, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Putnam, .
Risley, Rose, Schenck, Seberinertiorii, Schooleratr, Shep- |
perd, Tavlor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, \ an D)ke, ,
Vinton, Watkins, Wlute,'Williams, and Winthrop.
! For Robert C. Winthrop—M-ssrs. Alexander, Brooks, ;
i Burrows, Chandler, Clarke, Consrr, Dixon, Fowlei,Gnode-
' now, Gott, Halloway, Ha}, Hebard, Jackson, George G.
I King, Jaines G. Kin^, John A. King, Matteson, Meacham,
! Nelson, Newell, Phoenix, Reed, Silvester, Spaulding,
i Sprajrue, and Stanly.
1 For Emery D. Potter—Messrs. Albertson, Buel, Joseph
i Cable, Cartter, Cleveland, Diimmek, Doty, Fitch, ItaiTl-
i luond, Harlan, Hoagland, Pecli, Stetson, Siveetser, VV al-
: den, Waldo, Whittlesey, Wiidrick, Wood, OMs, and Geriy.
I Feu Thaddeus Sawn-Messrs. Asbniun, Calvin, Diekey,
: Hampton, Levin. Horace Maun, Nes, Putnaai, Rockwell,
, Saekeit, Underbill, and Wilson.
For Damd Wilmot—Messrs. Allen, Booth, Durkee, Pres-
ton King,Tuck, and Giddinys.
For Charles S. Morehead—Messrs. Cole, Hillurd, J. t..
: J.ilmson, McKissnek, F. E. McLean, ami Owen.
For Darid Outlaw—Messis. Clingman and Alexander H.
Sli'nhens. , ^
For William Duer—Messrs. Reynolds, Rumsey, ana i.
"por"milium Strong— Messrs. Bingham and Wentworth.
For John Ji. McCiernand— Mr. James Thompson.
Por George W. Julian—Messrs. Howe and Boot.
Pop Edward W. McGaughey—Mr. CroweH.
For Frederick P. Stanton—tilt. Hubbard.
Por Robert C Sthenck—Mr. Campbell.
For Edward D. Baker—Mr. A."Evans.
Por Henry W. HiUiard—Mr. Alston.
For John L Robinson—Mr. Disney.
For Charles Durkee—Mr. Wilmot*
Por Horace Mann—Mr. Hunter.
For Howell Cobb—Mr. Bojd.
No choice.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the House
adjourn until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.,
Mr. SCHENCK moved Monday, at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. MASON offered the following resolution,
which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the members of the House shall receive
no per diem pay for services prior to the election of Speaker;
and their pay shall commence Irom the day upon wlueh the
Speaker shall he elected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the resolution by adding to the end thereof the
words, "And that the members shall receive no
mileage unless they shall elect a Speaker to-mor-
row."
Mr. MORSE moved that the resolution be .laid
upon the table.
The Clerk stated that the question pending
before the House was on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CARTTER said he would accept the
amendmentof thegentieman from Tennessee(Mr.
Jones] as a modification of his resolution.
The question was again stated to be on the mo-
tion to adjourn until Monday next, at twelve o'clock.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
Tellers were asked and appointed, (Messrs.
Peck and Clingman.")
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood, in favor of the motion 92—against it 98.
So the House refused to adjourn to Monday next.
The question then recurred on the motion that
the House adjourn until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
The question was then put, and there being a
doubt as to the result, the Clerk was about to
count the House, when the motion to adjourn was
withdrawn.
Mr. KAUFMAN renewed it.
And the question having been taken and decided
in the atfiimative—
The House adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock.
IN SEXATE.
Saturday, December 15, 1849.
The Hon. Sam Houston, Senator from the State
of Texas, appeared in bis seat m the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked leave to withdraw
from the files of the Senate the petition and papers
of Johnson & Sirader.
Mr. BUTLER desired the honorable member
from Kentucky to state the reasons for the motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that he had been in-
formed that the Senate had upon two different oc-
casions passed a bill in the case in question, and
thus sanctioned the claim. The object of the party
now was to bring it before the House as soon as
possible. It was a mere question of time.
The motion to withdraw the papers was then
agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. BERRIEN rose and said: I hold in my
hand a resolution for the present consideration of
the Senate, if there be no objection, or at some fu-r
ture time, as may be the wish of the body. The
object of the resolution is to require the appoint-
ment of a comrr.ittee to wait upon the President of
the United States to notify him of the fact of our
organization, and our readiness to receive any com-
munication he may be prepared to make in relation
to executive business. I have deemed it desirable,
in the event of the continued postponement of the
organization of the other branch of the National
Legislature, that we may occupy ourselves m
transacting that business which does not require
I the cooperation of the other body.
I The resolution was then sent to the desk, and
> read by the Secretary, as follows, viz:
: Resolved, That a Comnn tee, to consist of three Senators,
; be appointed to wait on the President of the United Siate=,
I to notify him that the Senate is now organized and ready
i to receive anv communication which he may think proper
j to make to them m relation to matters which are witbii)
; the sphere  f their separate constitutional action.
