1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
position which I and those who act with me oc-
cupy can go to the country. In other words, the
only mode by which anything in opposition to
-thi3 measure can reach the people is by a speech
delivered on this floor. Every press, excepting
the Republic—and that, I beiieve, stands neutral
on this question—every press, or the two promi-
nent presses, are out in favor of this measure.
All three were in favor of it at one time. This
paper of Mr. Ritchie particularly has become very
warm and zealous for it,"and has even denounced
southern Democrats who find fault with it, and
undertakes totread them out of the party, because
they will not blindly support a measure which their
judgments condemn. How stands this matter?
What is the relative strength of the bill with the
southern Democracy of this body? According to
my estimate there can be found but five southern
Democrats in favor of it. There are certainly
eleven opposed to it. And while there are eleven
against and five for the position of Mr. Ritchie, he
undertakes to denounce the eleven, and read them
out of the party.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator al-
low me for a moment'
Mr. TURNEY. Certainly. '
Mr. FOOTE. If I understand their position,
not one of the honorable Senators from the South,
to whom allusion has been made, has declared
himself to be entirely opposed to this measure.
They were all very particular in declaring that if
certain amendments were made they would favor
the measure. I now beg leave to say to the hon-
orable Senator that, so far as I am concerned, I am
in favor of amendments, and have been from the
beginning of this crUKroversy down to the present
moment. If reasonable amendments be made, I
hope there will not be the least difference between
the different Democratic Senators from the South
on this measure. If the honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Soule] was correctly understood
the other day, r.e was very far from being opposed
t3 this measure toto cmlo, but declared himself to
be in favor of it if certain amendments were made.
I do not believe that there is one man on this side
of the house who will not support this measure in
the event of such amendments being made as will
render it acceptable to all.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. President, I really do
not see the point of the explanation, neither can I
conceive why it was necessary to interrupt me in
order to make the explanation. I was speaking
of Mr. Ritchie's article against me and others.
Mr. FOOTE. Did you not speak of Senators
from the South ?
Mr. TURNEY. 1 spoke of Senators from the
South with a view only to show the number for
and against the bill, and I repeated at least half a
dozen times that I would be satisfied with the bill
if certain amendments be made. 1 have gone
further. I have gone on to show that, even if
this amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] be rejected, yet if other important
amendments be made I shall vote for the bill. I
want to know who are the friends of the bill and
who are not. When we speak of a bill, we speak
not of a bill as it may be amended, but as it is on
the table. I would say that there is not a man in
America who would oppose this bill if it should
be so amended as to suit his conveniences and
views; not one. When I speak of this bill, I
speak of it as it is, not of it aa it mayj>e amended
or changed, for then it may become an entire new
bill.
Mr. FOOTE. I am sorry to be under, the
necessity of interrupting the honorable gentleman
again. Does the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee wish to be understood as declaring that, in
his opinion, any friend of this bill has opposed
reasonable amendments ? Does he not know, does
not the country know, that the honorable chair-
man of the committee of tluiteen, in the beginning,
and ever since, has ofleied no opposition to rea-
sonable amendments? Has not the honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] pursued the
same course? Have we not all done so? Have
not those of us who are m favor of the measure
expected and desired that modifications would be
made? Several, including myself, have declared
their determination, at a seasonable time, to offer
amendments. I understand, then, from the in-
dications around me, that there will be no opposi-
tion to the bill, of an inflexible character, if it be
properly amended.  
nsg
Mr. TURNEY. I do not know exactly what
the. Senator means by inflexible <?pposi&ion. I
really do not know How to discuss the merits of a
bill not before us. I will not discuss the merits of
the bill as it may be after it shall have been
amended, but as it is now. How are we to dis-
cuss what the bili will be after it shall have been
amended, when we do not know how it will be
amended? I was not speaking of the conduct of
Senators at all. I was speaking of the course of
this high-priest, or rather of this man who would
be high-priest of the Democratic party. He seems
to speak, or assumes to speak, by authority; and
that authority is that no amendment will be made.
He has denounced us because we want amend-
ments to this bill. We are denounced because we
will not vote for this bill unless it be amended, not
I because we are not in favor of passing some bill, I
We are denounced because we d*o not take this I
bill as it is, as it comes from the hands of the com- !
mittee. That is what we are denounced for. It {
was to that point, and to that point alone, that I
was calling the attention of the Senate and of the
country, I am anxious to vote for the settlement
and adjustment of the whole question, and am
anxious to vote for this bill, if it be amended so as
to make it acceptable tfeme. I have written letters
home to this effect. F have gone so far as to ex-
press the hope that amendments would be made
which would enable me, and all other true men of
the South, to give this bill our hearty support. I
have expressed this hope in letters to my con-
stituents. J did not charge any one here with a
desire to defeat amendments. I am willing to be-
lieve, and hope, that a majority will be found in
favor of placing the bill in a shape to make it ac-
ceptable to the southern people; but whether the
friends of the bill will permit it to be so amended,
time alone will show. What, let me ask, is the
great bone of contention? What do the southern
people desire?—I mean those of them that act with
me, and entertain my opinions. Is there any man
in the South, to be found anywhere, call him a
Calhournst, call him a disunionist, or any other
opprobrious term, if you choose—I challenge Mr.
Ritchie, and others who take his position, to point
me to a solitary man who acts with me, who de-
mands for the South any more than the Constitu-
! tion guaranties, is there any man that demands
i for the Somth more than equality with the people ;
i of the North? Has any southern man proposed
, to exclude the northern people from migrating to
i the territories? Has any such idea as that been
! advanced or advocated by the southern people?
; No, sir; far from it. All they ask, and all they
\ ever have asked, is their constitutional rights; that
\ they shall be permitted to enter the territories with
i th< ir property, upon an equal footing and with
equal rights with their brethren of the free States.
This is all they ask. They ask no more than
that. And anybody who supposes that the South
will submit to any thing less, greatly underestimates
the people of the South. They claim to be free-
men, and they claim that the Constitution was as
much made for them as for the people of the North.
But Mr. Ritchie says that the integrity and na-
tionality of the Democratic party must be pre- !|
served, and it can only be preserved by a total jj
sacrifice of all these rights of the southern people, jj
And because I, for one, will not agree to thiss&cri- };
ficc, does he hold me up and denounce me. jj
Now, I ask what Senators mean when they talk jj
to you of extreme "South and of extreme southern ji
men? Will gentlemen point me to any unreason- <j
able demand njade by southern men? The Con-
stitution of the country makes them equal to the ,1
North,and they would be degraded anu disgraced, !'
were they to consent to be anything less. I hope
they wiil never consent to surrender any portion |j
of their constitutional rights. „ ji
Mr. Ritchie has taken occasion, also, to de- 'j
nouncc the Missouri compromise line. He de- ||
nounces it, and denounces ail those who advocate jj
it. Why, sir, Mr. Ritchie has gone for north of j!
36° 30'himself. Reduce California to the line off:
36° 30'; run the line through Texas; compensate }|
Texas for whatever you may purchase of her ter- ji
ritory, and then organize territorial governments !j
founded upon the non-intervention doctrine, and I >!
will vote tor the bill. Will we gain nothing by j|
that? We know that we will gain ftt least two j!
southern States in Texas. Theie will be no d)s-
pule in relation to that. If that part of the terri-
tory of Texas remain under a slave constitution,
be kept under it, it will come into the
slave State. We know that, and we know*
from the signs of the times, that if this porfcgf t&g
territory of Texas be taken from her, an4 {%$
under the territorial form of government* it is des-
tined to eome into fhe Union as a free Stare; There
is the power to accomplish it. if the souther
boundary of California 1?e reduced to the line of
3fP 30', territory enough will bereft south of that
line to form one State at least, with an equal chance
of making it a slave State, which is aii ibat th©
South can ask or demand. There is not a south-
ern man who would demand to the letter-the cOEH
stitutional rights of the South. 1 defy Mr. Ritchie,
I defy any one else, to designate a solitary man in
the South who demands his full share of constitu-
tional right. If the South were to demand that*
they would not only demand that the Wilmot pro-
viso should not be spread over the territories, but
they would require that any obstruction, any diffi-
culties, growing out of any doubt m relation to thg
laws of Mexico, ought to be removed at once, and
that the right to carry slaves into,the territories
should be recognized by this Government. They
would do this, if they demanded all their consti-
tutional rights as equal citizens of this Union. .1
undertake to say, therefore, that Mr. Ritchie has
no right to read two-thirds of the Democratic party
of the South out of that party for differing with
him, and for maintaining the rights of the South,
I believe that the Democratic party are governed
by democratic republican doctrines. We might
have a right to turn Mr. Ritchie out, but he has
none to expel us. I shall, therefore, still regard
myself as belonging to the Democratic party, and
shall continue to act with it, regardless of Mr.
Ritchie. I will conclude, by saying, that I hope
and trust the time is not far distant when there
will be a press in the city of Washington that
will do some little justice to the people of the
South, and will appeal to the country in their be-
half.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to address the Sen-
ate at any length, as I am exceedingly anxtous
that we should proceed to the vote without delayj
nor shall I enter at all into the general merits of
the pending controversy. But 1 feel bound to say
a few words in vindication of Mr. Ritchie, who
is, as we all know, so eminently able to defend
himself as to most of the allegations which have
been made against him. I will say to the Senator
from Tennessee, in response to one of the last of
his remarks, that he need be under no apprehen-
sion of being read out of the Democratic party by
Mr. Ritchie. Mr. Ritchie has never undertaken
to do it, nor thought of doing it. The honorable
Senator has made a great mistake in regard to the
character of the measure before this body. It
happens not to be a -party measure at all. It
chances to be a measure above party, and in re-
lation to which it is the duty of all patriots to co-
operate and unite. This is the opinion, I well
know, of Mr. Ritchie. He attempts to read no
man out of the Democratic party in connection
with this measure. He does not treat it as a party
measure. He would scorn to speak or Write of it
as a party measure. He looks upon it as a great
measure of conciliation and adjustment, in rela-
tion to which all patriots, wherever located, or
however associated politically, art bound to unite,
and in support of which the whole country, with
slight and most lamentable exceptions, concurs.
Mr. TURNEY. I have only to inquire, that if
Mr. Ritchie does not regard it as a party' measure,
why does he denounce only the Democratic Sena-
tors who oppose it, whilst he makes no comment
on the course of other gentlemen who do not sup-
port the measure? I think the Senator from Mis-
sissippi cannot have read the article.
Mr. FOOTE. I have read the whole of the
article, and 1 beg leave to say that the Sen-itor's
course in refcrence"to this matter appears to me to
be somewhat inconsistent. He fir^t charges Mr.
Ritchie with being the advocate and the editorial
champion of the distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clay,] whose party position is per-
fectly well known to be adverse to that of Mr.
Ritchie; and, after so doing, he alleges that Mr.
Ritchie is endeavoring to read gentlemen out of
the Democratic party because they do not support
this measure. This charge of not being a true
and loyal Democrat, because of not following the
lead of the most distinguished Whiginthe Union,
appears to my apprehension to involve something
