1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
Mr. Houston having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. MANGUM then nominated as chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, Mr. Yulee;
when the Senate proceeded to ballot for the same.
Whole number of votes 37.
For Mr. Yulee, of Florida 32
For Mr. Baldwin, of Connecticut 2
For Mr. Hale, of New Hampshire 2
For Mr. Bradbury, of Maine  x
Mr. Yulee having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affaire.
Mr. MANGUM then nominated as chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands Mr. Felcs, of
Michigan.
And the Senate proceeded to ballot for the same.
Whole number of votes 40.
For Mr. Felc.h, of Michigan 39
{"or Mr. Pijelvs, of Vermont 1
Mr. Felch having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MANGUM then nominated as chairman
of the Committee on Private Land Claims, Mr.
Downs, of Louisiana; and the Senate proceeded
to "ballot for the same. Whole number of votes 40.
For Mr. Downs, of Louisiana 39
For Mr. Chase, of Ohio  1
Mr. Downs having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. MANGUM then nominated as chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, Mr. Atchison,
of Missouri; when the Senate proceeded to ballot
for the same. Whole number of votes 41.
For Mr. Atchison, of Missouri 40
For Mr. Hale, of New Hampshire 1
Mr. Atchison having received a majority of
the whole number of votes, was declared duly
elected.
Mr. MANGUM then nominated as chairman
of the Committee of Claims, Mr: Norris; when
the Senate proceeded to ballot for the same.
Whole number of votes 34.
For Mr. Norris, of New Hampshire 32
For Mr. Hale, of New Hampshire 1
For Mr. Mason, of "Virginia 1
Mr. Norris having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MANGUM then nominated as chairman
of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, Mr.
Walker.
Mr. M. playfully observed that he had been re-
quested by his friend on his right [Mr. Hale] to
state that he would not consent to become the can-
didate for chairman of that committee.
The Senate proceeded to ballot, when the whole
number of votes given was 36.
For Mr. Walker, of Wisconsin   .31
For Mr. Greene, of Rhode Island 2
For Mr. Chase, of Ohio 1
For Mr. Dodge, of Iowa  1
For Mr. Dodge, of Wisconsin   1
Mr. Walker having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. MANGUM then proposed as chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, Mr. Butler; and
the Senate proceeded to ballot for the same.
"Whole number of votes 34.
For Mr. Butler, of South Carolina 30
For Mr. Seward, of New York 3
For Mr. Chase, of Ohio 1
Mr. Butler having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MANGUM„theii nominated as chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
Mr. Rusk; when the Senate proceeded to ballot
for the same. Whole number of votes 33.
For Mr. Rusk, of Texas 33
Mr. Rusk was therefore declared unanimously
elected chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MANGUM then nominated as chairman
of the Committee on Pensions, Mr. Kino; when
.33
. 2
. 2
. 1
1
1
theSeoate proceeded to ballot. Whole number of
votes 31,
For Mr. King, of Alabama 26
For Mr. Benton, of Missouri 2
For Mr. Chase, of Ohio.   2
For Mr. Badger, of North Carolina  1
. Mr. King having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MANGUM said he would nominate for
chairman of the Cqjnmittee on Territories, Mr.
Douclas; and after that ballot had taken place, he
should then move that the remaining chairmen of
the several committees be taken collectively, as he
understood all further objection to the proceeding
would be withdrawn.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot. Whole
number of votes 40.
For Mr. Douglas, of Illinois 
For Mr. Corwin, of Ohio 
For Mr. Hunter, of Virginia.  
For Mr. Chase, of Ohio 
For Mr. Turney, of Tennessee 
For Mr. Weester, of Massachusetts 
Mr. Douglas having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on Tenttories.
Mr. MANGUM then proposed the following
Senators as chairmen of the several committees
hereinafter named, and their election was duly I t
confirmed by the Senate: J
Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, chairman of the Com-1
mittee on the Public Buildings. . j
Mr. Turkey, of Tennessee, chairman of the -,
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office. !
Mr. Bradbury, of Vermont, chairman of the !;
Committee on Retrenchment. I
Mr. Pearce, of Maryland, chairman of the |
Committee on the Library. !
Mr. Rusk, of Texas, chairman of the Commit- 1
tee on Enrolled Bills. r
Mr. Jone3, of Iowa, chairman of the Committee i
on Engrossed Bills. j
Mr. Borland, of Arkansas, chairman of the 1
Committee on Printing. >
Mr. DICKINSON here moved to postpone fur- ;
ther balloting, giving notico that he should move
to take up the subject to-morrow at twelve m.; .
which was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER moved that the Senate adjourn, ;
but withdrew the motion on the suggestion of Mr. i
Foote. j
Mr. FOOTE then gave notice that he would to- i
morrow move to go into the election of Chaplain j
for the Senate. \
[A voice: The usual mode is to let the proposi-
tion come from the other House. I object.] j
Mr. FOOTE could see no rational objection to j;
the proposition; the Senate, he thought, might at |'
least proceed to the election of its own Chaplain; j.
in fact, he felt conscientious scruples about pro- i!
ceeding any further without the aid of that func- j>
tionary. ji
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate then !l
adjourned.
j HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 'i
j Tuesday, December IS, 1849.
J The Journal of yesterday was read.
! Mr. KAUFMAN rose and was recognuseu by j
I the Clerk, but yielded the floor f< r the moment to i,
; Mr. HARALSON, who made an inquiry of ;
the Clerk as to the Journal in a certain particular,:
! which was found to be correctly recorded, and then
• the Journal was approved. .
THE SPEAKERSHIP. ,
Mr. KAUFMAN then resumed the tloor. j;
I He said that he held in his hand a resolution j
i which he desired to present to the consideration of j
1 the House. He would, in the first instance, risk 1
the unanimous consent of the House to preface the !
resolution with a very few remarks. Thatcour-'
tesy had been extended yesterday to the gentle-i'
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson,] and he • I
(Mr. KO was satisfied that it would not now be
refused to him.
No objection havinj been made, Mr. K. pro-
ceeded with his remarks.
The resolution, he said, which he wished to
offer for the consideration of the House, for the
great purpose, as he conceived, of conducing to
its organization, and of allaying the excitement
which prevailed itt every section of the Union, by
reason of the state of things now existing here,
was substantially the same as that which he had
offered yestsrday, with this exception^ that the
resolution which lie was now about to offer provi-
ded that it should not commence to take effect until:
to morrow. He would read it.
Mr. K. then read the resolution, which was in
the following words:
Resolved, That if on to-rnorrow no member have a mr.j.-rity
of ah 'J:t- votes east for Speaker on the first vote, then,'on tJift
second vote on to-morrow, if any Tii' itiher shall receive only
one less than a majority of the whole number of votes, he
shall be declared elected; but if no member be elected
Speaker on said second vote, then on the third neit vote,
if any member shall receive only two less than a majority,
he shall be decared elected, and so on, requiring one vote
less to cluct for every ballot taken, until a choice of Speaker
is made.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. K. proceeded to remark, that before he re-
ferred more particularly to the resolution, he would
state, in a word, what was the objection which he
entertained to the resolution which had been in-
troduced yesterday by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Thompson.] He (Mr. K.) conceived
that it would be more satisfactory to the people
of the country, that, whatever was done, should be
done 
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, interposed, and
said that he had risen to a point of order. It
would be recollected by the House that a resolu-
tion had been adopted several days ago, by which
all debate was prohibited.
The Clerk, said it was true that such a resolu-
tion had been adopted; but that the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] had obtained the
unanimous consent of the House to explain hist
resolution.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he had distinctly asked
the courtesy of the House to preface his resolution
with a few remarks. The consent of the House
had been given, and he hoped that no gentleman
would take,exception to his proceeding.
Mr. BROWN said he certainly had not under-
stood that the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kauf-
man] had obtained the unanimous consent of the
House to make his remarks. If he (Mr. B.) had
understood that to be the proposition, he, for one,
would have objected to it. He objected to the
resolution, and he objected to any debate upon it.
: Mr. WOODWARD said he desired permission
to ask a question of the Chair and the House.
Some days since, (continued Mr. W.,) we
; adopted a resolution, requiring the House to pro-
i ceed to the "election of Speaker without debate."
I understand that yesterday morning, in njy ab-
1 sence, it was decided, that under this resolution,
we were obliged, not only to go into the election of
Speaker without debate, but, also, into the consider-
ation and adoption of resolutions without debate.
Now, I object to this construction, and claim for
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman} the"
right to be heard. If the Chair decide against his
right, I shall appeal to the House. The resolution
now introduced, and which you deny our right to
debate, is, itself, as much" a violation of the pre-
vious resolution referred to, as debate could be.
[Cries of "Go on—go on."
Mr. ASHMUN said that he insisted on the
point of order which had been raised by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brows.] He (Mr.
A.") had understood the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Kaufman,] to ask that the House would ex-
tend to him the same courtesy which it had ex-;
tended yesterday to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Thompson.] This was perfectly proper.. The
House did yesterday extend to the gentleman from
Kentucky the courtesy of explaining his own reso-
lution; and the House, by unanimous consent, had
to-day granted the same courtesy to the gentleman
from Texas. But the gentleman had accomplished
that object. He had explained his resolution, and
was now proceeding to arg'ue as to matters which
had occurred yesterday. He (Mr. A.) submitted
that the gentleman should confine himself, under
the courtesy which the House had given him, to an
explanation of his resolution.
Mr. WOODWARD asked for the decision of
the House upon the point of order.
Mr. TOOMBS rose to a similar point of order,
which he desired so to extend as that it should ap-
ply to the resolution, as well as to debate. He con-
tended that it never was the design of the resolu-
