1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Illinois was merely to strike out, and of
course that motion is not capable of being amended
by a motion to insert.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to perfect a clause before a motion is put to strike
out.
Mr. WEBSTER. But it does not come as an
amendment to the motion to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire proposes to amend that i
clause by inserting certain words. If that should
be carried, then the question recurs on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois to strike out the
whole words.
Mr. RUSK. I understand this to bean amend-
ment to an amendment which has been adopted.
1135
we are
it is " to
of the amendment. The word «' admit" is not
there. It is " establish or prohibit."
Mr. POOTE. In the sense in which
accustomed to use the word " establish" i  
permit. Now, this term is adopted, and really
believing that jt is the same as the word the Sena-
tor "wishes to introduce, 1 see no necessity for its
.introduction.^ I think it would give rise to dispute.
Several Senators. Question! duestion!
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. _ I do not wish to detain the Senate
for a single moment, but I really must say that if
these words are put there it will amount precisely
to what has already been voted down; it will be to
. . - -----   all intents and purposes the Wilmot proviso itself
L ™, ?f7I.y.C0BVerS® wUh ParIi?mentary rules; !! As the bill now stands it prohibits the * '
but it seems to me to be out of order.
, -- territorial
TU from either establishing or prohibiting
rS - The Chair has ij slavery in the territories; and if that amendment is
no difficulty on the subject. The 10th section of !> adopted they will be prohibited from allowing it.
the bill was amended by striking out the words ;[ What does it mean? Why, that they shall Take
"in respect to," and inserting "establishing or •" '  
prohibiting,'* so that the clause reads "establish-
ing or prohibiting African slavery." In the first
legislative action to prevent it; which is the very
question on which there has been so much debate,
and is the Wilmot proviso itself. That would be
place, it is proposed by the Senator from Illinois || the construction placed upon it. It is the very
fA Otril/a mi f nil (L a^a n> n n -1 «1_ _ I         ...J i /  *
to strike out all these words; and, in-the next
place, it is proposed to add to that clause of the j
bill two other words, " or allowing." Now, when !
that amendment prevails—if it shall prevail—then j
the question comes up upon striking all these ■
words out. !
Mr, PRATT. It occurs to me, Mr. President, !
that this amendment is out of order,.inasmuch as i
it is precisely, in substance, what the Senate has I
already voted upon in the amendment offered by
the Senator from New York, and which is the
Wilmot proviso. It is, that slavery shall not be
allowed there. It is the Wilmot proviso, ac-
cording "to my construction of it. It is precisely
what we have just voted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the amendment is in order.
Mr. BUTLER. I would suggest, Mr. Presi-
dent, that it is out of order, for a still more definite
reason than any yet offered; and that reason is,
that these words "or allowed" are inconsistent
with the other words already there. The legis-
lature is restrained from " establishing or pro-
hibiting" slavery. Now, these words stand ihere.
question we have voted upon before.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall vote against this
amendment, as I voted against the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Georgia. I mean to
vote for striking out the entire section, as has been
suggested by the Senator from Illinois, because I
look upon it, that to allow the section to remain as
it is, is nothing more nor less than to establish the
Wilmot proviso. The legislature of the Slate of
Coahuila and Texas abolished slavery, and I pre-
I sume the legislature of New Mexico did the same
thing, after the general legislature of the empire
of Mexico was abolished. I have recently exam-
ined the constitution of the State of Coahuila, and
by that constitution they fix a day when all the
children who maybe born in slavery shall be free;
and I presume that such was the case in New
Mexico, although I have not had access to the law
of New Mexico.
To sustain the provision as it now is in the bill,
is to maintain the Wilmot proviso, and it is won-
derful that the gentlemen from the free States
should not be content to take it as it is. That is
my objection to it; and it is based upon the ground
An inconsistent and contradictory term is proposed ! lhat slavery was abolished by State legislation in
 ...i i  . -e i i  ■. New Mexico, when that territory was part of the
Mexican • confederacy. For that reason I am
against the whole thing. 1 make these remarks to
show the ground on which I give my vote.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Hale, and resulted as follows:
to be inserted. I say it is out of order, because it
is inconsistent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
question of order raised ?
Mr. HALE. I was going to suggest to the
Senator from South Carolina, that if this is a
question of order, arising out of the consistency
or inconsistency, congruity or incongruity of the
amendment, it is one for the Senate to decide, and
not the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps so; but the purpose
of my rising was to show that this is an indirect i
way of reaching what the Senate has directly j
voted upon and negatived. i
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) That is it, certainly. :
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a single word in j
explanation of this amendment. The bill as it !
now stands, prohibits the territorial legislatures !
from passing any law either to prohibit or to es-.l
tabhsh slavery; but it does not prohibit the legis- '
lature from assuming that slavery is already there j
and going on, and from legislating upon the ad- j
nutted fa11 that slavery is there already. Now,!
that is what I want to know, because, if you do !
not adopt this amendment, or some similar pro-j
vision, you do not exactly prohibit them from j
legislating or^the su^jert, because they may say, !j
" We do not prohibit slavery, but," to use a com- 'i
moil phraso, " we take it as a fixed fact ptr se ,j
that it is here;" and they may then go on legis- j1
lating upon that admission. Now, it is to ex- j
elude slavery that this amendment is offered, and !
if I had any doubts heretofore of the propriety of i:
such an amendment, these doubts are entirely re- ;;
moved. ' h
Mr. FOOTE. It will be recollected that the !!
j YEAS—M ssrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Chase, Clarke, Cor-
! win, i avi- ol Mufes.tcnusetts, tlayfon, Dod2e of Wisconsin,
] Doughis, Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamliti, Miller, \orn>. Sevv-
[ aid, SlneltK Smith, (Jpham, W.ilkei, ami Whitcomb—21.
| NWS—Messrs. Atchison. Bads^r, Bell, Benton, Berrien,
. Borland, ISiigtir, Butler, C^iss, Cla\, Cooper^
; Davis ol Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, D-idge of Iowa,
! Downs, Foote, Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Manginn,
I Mason, Morion, I'earce, l'r.ut, Rusk, rfeba>uan, S011I6,
1 Sjiruance, Sturgeon, Tumev, Uildeiwood, Webster, ami
Yulee—3 i.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the motion to strike out the words
"norestabiishing nor prohibiting African slavery."
Mr. CASS. I should like the words imme-
diately preceding the words proposed to be stricken
out to be rea£.
The c!au?e was read accordingly.
Mr. HALE. 1 beg leave to suggest to the
Chair that the motion, as i understand it, is to
strike out the whole of the clausr.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that it woaid not be m order
to strike out the words which have just been
inserted, exceot in connection with some other
words. It is not in order to move to strike out
by themselves the words "establishing or prohib-
iting," because they have just been inserted ; but
they may be stricken out in connection with some
other words.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As there is some doubt as to
Senator from Georgia made that motion to intro- j>how the section will read when amended, I ask
duce the word ii allowing;" but I have no doubt .
that when he did so he meant to give to it the
same meaning which we give to it in common !
acceptation, namely, "admitting," or u permit- ,
tinsf.M :
s Mr. HALE. I wish to remind the Senator from j
Mississippi that he has mistaken the phraseology !
that it may be read as it now stands, and then as
it will stand when amended.
The section was accordingly read as desired.
Mr. CHASE. I would inquire of the Chair
whether it is in order to amend the section by
striking out the words tl or prohibiting African?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER, itwilibeinorder.
Mr. CHASE. Then I move that these words,
be stricken out, and I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being taken on the motion of Mr.  
Chase, it was not agreed to. *
Mr. BALDWIN. If it is in ordei-to move to
amend the words proposed to be stricken out I -
will move to add to the words which have been '
adopted on motion of the Senator from Georgia
the Following: "But it is hereby intended and de-- ,
' u'h1' l^at t'le Mexican laws prohibiting slavery
'sha remain in force in the territory antij they;
shall be altered or repealed by Congress '> •-?{
wish to amend by adding thes% words immediately *
arter the words " establishing nor prohibiting Af-
rican slavery." = r s m
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be a
substantive proposition. The Senator can offerlt
after the pending amendment is disposed of.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Douglas, to strike out the words if nor es~-
tabli3hing nor prohibiting African slavery:" and
it resulted as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Cass. Chase, Clarke, Cfav
Cooper, Corwin Oicknison, Dodge of town, li>n<.|as
^%rne' H",es' Mli",r> Norr's> Seward.'
at ' ®l,,r^ennJ Lmderwood, and Upham 21
NAYS- Me^rs. Atchison, Badger,Baldwin, Bell, Benton '
Berrien, Borland, Bright, Butler, Clemens, Davis of Missis^'
sippij Dawson, Dod<;e of Wisconsin, Dowm-, Foote. Hate
Houston, Hunt, r, King, Maiigum, Mason, Morton, Pearce'
f/7 .I' bastian, SouM, Spruance, Turaey, Walker '
Wcb,ter, Vytntcoinb, and Fufee—S3.' ' •
Mr. WALKER, I believe my amendment w'iii
now be m order. I now move to amend the bill
in the tenth section, by adding, after the word
" slavery," the following words: And that peon
slavery is forever abolished and prohibited."
Mr. HALE. I move to amend that amendment
by striking out the word "peon." TLaue-hter 1
Mr. WALKER. We hL just voted on^ I
proposition 111 regard to African slavery, and it baa
been rejected. There is a species of slavery there
which I think ought to be abolished, and against
which none has been more eloquent in his decla-
mation than the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana. It is in regard to this species of slavery that
I propose my amendment, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. BENTON. The amendment is well fuurided
and deserves the attention of the Senate. With
the view of showing this I will read from an ordi-
nance passed at Monterey in relation to peonage:
" That no person whatever shall ffbm henceforth hire or
take into lii  service any Indian without a certificate from
tin* former employer of that Indian staling tiiat the said
LMipfojer has no claims on the services "of tiiat Jndian for
wages advanced."
It is still stronger in the Spanish, the word
atno, which is translated " employer," correspond-
ing with our words " master, owner, or propri-
etor. The ordinance in another clause then goes
on to say:
Any person taking into his employment any Indian
wi'ilioui ^uc!i ccruftcate,and advancing any monev or prop.
<>ity to said Indian, s5ial! forfeit any moivv or propmv so
i advanced; and if it should l>e proved thai any inrnWliM
j been enticed away from Hie service of Jus master, the per-
1 son convicted of having so enticed him shaii. I>e IrahJe lo a
line hot exceeding twenty dollars nor less than five dol-
lars."
This ordinance was issued at Monterey on the
11th of January, 1847. The word " slavery,"
which is in the amendment offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin, I do not think is technically cor-
rect. I would suggest that the word " servitude"
would be more technically correct.
Mr. WALKER. 1 accept the suggestion of
the Senator fom Missouri.
Mr. PRATT. It occurs to me, Mr. President,
that we have no legislative powei to interfere uiih
[his subject. Slavery either exists there or it does
not. Tliis peonage, to which the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin was intended to ap-
ply, was servitude existing by virtue of the con-
tract of the individuals. Here, then, is this ser-*"
vitude existing by the recognized law of that
country. Now, what right has Congress to in-
terfere with the vested rights of these people, and
say that those rights shall not enist which are
guarantied by the treaty between this country and
.Mexico?
Hut, sir, if this amendment is passed, if slavery
or servitude, either in the peon or the negro, is
abolished there, it must include the obligation on
tne part of this Government to pay the debt for
which that servitude was pledge^ or the value of
