1130
THE.. CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
June 6.
the African stave, if that species,of slavery is to
be abolished. I do, therefore, hope that this dis-
position, to offer amendment after amendment, for
the, purpose $f ,testing the same question again
and again, will-be resisted by the Senate, and that
theywill be voted down,,
Mr. D A.YTON. I feel the full force of the re-
marks which have just fallen from my fiRend from
Maryland, and it seems to me that they should
arrest the attention of the Senate. It appears to
me that we are proposing to interfere with vested
rights, so far as 1 have any knowledge of this sys-
tem of peonage- Now, sir, I think, that whatever
'we may do "as to the future, we should let the
present stand;- If it is in order now to move to
amend the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin, I will move to amend it, by adding after the
words " peon slavery," the words " growing out
of or connected with any future contract." 1 pro-
pose that as an amendment, and, if it should be
agreed to, the whole amendment can be voted
down, if it be deemed necessary.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the Senate now
adjourn.
lvlr. WALKER. Will the Senator from Ala-
bama withdraw that motion for one moment, for
an explanation ?
Mr. CLEMENS. I withdraw it.
Mr. WALKER. I do not know what the
Senator from Maryland intended to imply by Sen-
ators moving the same question agam and again,
but I can assure him that my motive was not to
reach the question of African slavery under this
guise, t assure the Senator and the country that I
had no such intention whatever.
One other observation. As I" understand peon
service, it is a kind of a modified form of imprison-
ment for debt. Now, we know that the Congress
of the United States has heretofore abolished the
system of imprisonment for debt. In the case of
these peons they are obliged to work for a certain
master, to whom they are confined, and imprison-
ment for debt is only being confined to certain
limits. Congress has already exercised jurisdic-
tion in abolishing imprisonment for debt, and as
we are now legislating for a territory under a doc-
trine which has already been decided, I think we
may clearly exercise this power. However, 1 am
willmg'to defer to the opinions of those who are
more enlightened on this subject than I am.
On motion by Mr. CLEM-iiNS, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
  Thursday, June 6, 1850,
TheJournalof yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ROBINSON asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion fixing eleven, a. m., as the daily hour of meet-
ing, from and after Monday next, until otherwise
oidered by the House.
Objection j^eing made, the resolution was not
received.
Mr. OTIS, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution, which was read and
adopted, viz;
Rcsilvcd, Thatthe Committee on Commerce be instructed
toiuquin: into tne expediency of modifying tlie 18tli section
of the " act to regulate the collection of llie dunes on im-
ports and tonnage, passed March 2d, 1799," so us to allow
foreign vessels to unload at any port ol delivery; and that
tiiey repoit by bill or otherwise.
CALIFORNIA '
On motion by Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia,
. the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd in
the chair,) and lesumed the consideiation of the
California question.
Mr. TUCK (who was entitled to the floor from
yesterday) addressed the committee during his
hour in remarks of which a more extended report
will be published hereafter. He remarked, at the
outset, that were Congress ready to perform its
icgitimate business, he would waive his right to
speak, and not for a moment defer the needed
legislation of the country. But the House having
devoted the time until Tuesday next to this de-
bate, he desired, briefly, to express his views, to
clear himself of trie responsibility of the neglect
of the business of the country, and to point out
where it rested.
The people had spoken with great unanimity in
favor of cheap postage, of river and harbor im-
provements; of liquidating the just claims of indi-
viduals upon the Government, and of modifying
the tariff of 1846. He adverted to what he con-
sidered the oppressive effects of this tariff, the
prostrate condition of our industrial and manu-
facturing interests. Though the Representatives
of Pennsylvania could speak for theirown State, he
might mention the fact, that the county of Schuyl-
kill alone had lost about four thousand inhabit-
ants in one year; the fires of their furnaces were
being extinguished, and all business' w&i pros-
trate—the only man in the county, fully employed,
being the sheriff. The cotton manufacturers of
the North were also suffering severely, and com-
pelled to discharge their operatives by hundreds.
We had heard a great ileal of the loss of the
South in their runaway slaves, but he gave it as
his opinion that the manufacturers of the country,
every six months this tariff continued in operation,
were losing more than enough to pay for ail the
fugitive slaves which had escaped from their mas-
ters since the foundation of the Government. He
was not a high-tariff man, but he favored such a
tariff as would at least allow our industrial inter-
ests to survive.
As he had said, the people with great unanimity
demanded a mollification of the tariff of 1846, and
that Congress should take action upon the various
other measures to which he had alluded. Why,then,
had they failed to act? Why had they abandoned
all those great mteiests ? Thtyeason was, that the
majority uf Congress were governed by the minor-
ity, and that a very small minority, too, of southern
men—less in number by thousands and hundreds of
thousands than those represented by the three hun-
dred thousand Pree-Soilerswho atthelate presiden-
tial canvass had voted for jVIr. Van Buren. Califor-
nia had formed aconstitution and applied for admis-
sion as a State into the Union; the people were
more unanimously in favor of admitting her than
they had been in regard to any other public measure
for the last twenty years; but this small—and truth
required him to add—this tyrannizing minority
had hitherto prevented any action being taken
upon this question, which should have been settled
months ago. It was true they had some months
ago undertaken to take a preliminary vote, but
the minority, by factious opposition, motions to
adjourn, calls of the yeas and hays,&c., had kept
them till midnight, and pievented their taking the
first vote which was necessary. He said that
California, considering her size, might well have
been divided into two States and presented herself
at the doors of Congress with four Representatives
for each House, (instead of two,) and that this
would probably have been the case had her people
been in favor of slavery and made slave States;
notwithstanding, coming here in the humble way
in which she hail presented herself, she was to be
denied admission unless her people would fall
down and worship slavery. It was a high-handed,
unjust, and unjustifiable proceeding on the part
of southern members, (who were engaged m it—
there were some honoiable exceptions;) and the
grave responsibility would rest upon them before
the country.
He did not wonder at the disappointment of
those politicians who,jjhavmg planned and biought
about the annexation of Texas, and involved the
country In a war with Mexico.for the great object
of the extension of slavery—now saw the unex-
pected result of their measures in the application
of a free State for admission into the Confederacy.
But this reason would not justify them for setting
aside all republican principles, and the doctrine
which they themselves had heretofore avowed
respecting the right of the people for self-govern-
ment. .
He proceeded to say, that while he was opposed
to th'c system of slavery, he had no desire to en-
croach upon the rights of the States respecting it;
but whenever it came within his legitimate sphere
of action, he would destroy it. He had nothing
to do with the institution in the States, but when j
slavery propagandists sought to array the power
of the General Government in its support and ex-
tension, he must resist their efforts, and act iri
accordance with his view of its evils. He sub- !
mitted, as one argument against it which he had J.
never heard answered, which he affirmed to be
a fact, that its opponents unanimously admitted
that {the education of the slaves was inconsistent
with the existence of the institution. That the
slave—a human being—must be denied the culti-
vation of his moral, intellectual, and religious
faculties, he considered, in the sight of God and
man, ft conclusive,an unanswerable condemnation
of the institution. '
It was not his political purpose, nor did he be-
lieve it was the purpose of any considerable por-
tion of the people of the North, to.abolish slavery.
He thought that gentlemen had been misguided
by the declaration of a gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, that the North designed, by surrounding
slavery with a cordon of free States, to abolish it.
It was no part of their political purpose to abolish
it; the Representatives of the North sought only
to do their legitimate duty; while they admitted
that they had no power to abolish it in the States,
they contended that the South had no right to ex- ~
tend it by the power of the General Government.
The people of California, for themselves, had set-
tled the question, and Congress sjjould not inter-
fere with it, but receive her as a Slate into the
Union.
With reference to the application of the Wilmot
proviso to the territories, premising that he had
never been able to see its injustice, he proceeded
to say, that it did not affect the South more than
the North; it operated upon tiiose alone who went
to the territories—and he mentioned, as a fact hu-
miliating to the North, that northern,equally with
southern immigrants, were disposed tg^hold slaves
in the territories if slavery were tolerated. He
did not pretend that the people of the North were
better than those of the South, human nature was
the same in both sections." The South, then, had
no especial ground of complaint—the proviso op-
erated equally upon all parts of the country, tie
disavowed any hostility to the South, but advo-
cated the exclusion of slavery from the territories,
on the ground that it was a blight wherever it en-
tered. He was not certain that the Wilmot pro-
viso was absolutely necessary to exclude slavery
—he thought nobody was certain; but he thought
it should be passed to prevent any possibility of
slavery finding its way to the new territories. In
this matter he was willing to trust nothing to Prov-
idence, without taking all possible precautionary
measures. But he advocated the proviso, in order
to place upon the records of Congress, that if any
new conquests were made, the trrritory should
come in free. In this respect, perhaps more than
any other, he considered the proviso important.
In reply to the argument against the proviso,
that the South is entitled to her full share in the
common acquisitions of the country, he said that
she had already had " the lion's share," in the ad-
dition to the slave States of themagnificentdomain
of Texas.
He proceeded to state some of his objections to
the compromise plan of the Senate—a plan which,
he said, was odious to the whole people, which this
House would have rejected any day during the
session, could they have had a chance to strike
the blow. But it had been kept back by those
who well understood management, and the attempt
was made to rnanufactuie public opinion, and
render this " compromise" palatable to the people;
a " compromise" brought forward by men whose
whole lives had been nothing but compromise—
who magnified the evils of the day, and themselves
assumed to invent specifics to lemedy them!
He was, at timess, almost disposed to pray that
the country might be delivered from the control
of those men of uncommon sense; and that it
might be le'ft to pursue its peaceful and prosperous
course, under the guidance of men of sound, pa-
triotic common sense. A Senator from Missis-
sippi had set himself up to be written to, and let-
ters m favor of this scheme, written by broken-
down, thread-bare politicians were, fiom time to
time, being published in the " Union" of this city.
They deceived to be noticed, side 1Sy side, with
certificates of quack medicines—a very similar
mode of reaching the public, and perhaps sug-
gested by that system of advertisements. This
" compromise" was urged upon the false pretence,
that the country was distracted, bleeding at every
pore, and suffering under " five mortal wounds."
There was scarcely a boy in the gallery but must
have laughed to hear such a declaration fall from
an honorable Senator. The distraction in the
country was caused, in a great degree, by the men
who so loudly proclaimed it: the greatest obstacle
to healing all our " wounds," was to jbe found in
those quack doctors, who were determined that
they never should be healed, except by their own
nostrums—m other words,, that the difficulties
should not be removed if they could not make
