THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS
SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
political capital. As proof of the controlling de-
sign to make political capital out of the slavery
question, he adverted to the Nashville Convention-
and in passing instituted a parallel between it and
tne Hartford Convention—saying that the latter
was a mistake, not a crime; the former had ita
origin in treason, (he did not charge treasonable
designs upon ail who attended it,) and should be
denounced.
He tidiculed the theory of « equilibrium," and
was proceeding, when his hour expired, to argue
that, in laboring to extend slavery, the South were
pursuing a course directly antagonistic to the opin-
ions of the framers of the Constitution, who ex-
pected it to be a temporary institution, and had
excluded the word from that instrument, and a
course in conflict with the spirit of the age and the
sense of the civiiizcd world.
Mr. DIMMICK obtained the flooi^ and addressed
the committee during the hour, in a speech which
will be published at an early day. He adverted
to the deep sense of constitutional obligation which
he felt in respect to the great question befme the
committee, and to the spirit of sincerity and truth
in which he had endeavored to meet that obliga-
tion. He spoke of the desire which be had ever
felt that the counsels of peace and of forbearance
should alone prevail; and that the question should
be met in that same spirit in which the Union had
been formed and by which alone it could be pre-
served. Having: expressed these pieltminary
views, he proceeded to consider some of the facts
of the case in their bearing both upon the North
and the South, and to indicate the course which it
was his own intention to pursue. California, the
star of the West, should, he thought, be received
without delay into the Union. He regarded this
as a foregone conclusion, unless southern gen-
tlemen, by devices of doubtful constitutionality,
should attempt to stifle the voice of the nation.
He had not been able to persuade himself that any
such attempt would be made. The objections
which had been urged against her admission, were
not substantial. She was already in existence as
a State, and no act of Congress could deprive her
of her rights, or disrobe her of her sovereignty.
Nor could he entertain for a moment the proposi-
tion which had been suggested, that she should be
remanded to a state of territorial dependence.
Let her (said Mr. D.) be ac once admitted as a
State into the Union, either as a distinct proposi-
tion, or in connection with provisions for tenito-
nal governments in Utah and New Mexico, with-
out the addition of the Wilmot proviso. For such i
pleasures he intended to give his vote. And here, !
he said, it was proper to asceitain what was the '
power possessed by Congress over the territories !
of the United States, and whether Congress could :
exercise the power contemplated by the Wilmot I
proviso. _ He entered into an elaborate and cnti- '
cal examination of the main arguments which had \
been put forth on both sides of the question— j
comparing them with a view to show their relative j
points of weakness or of strength; and finally de- 1
dared himself inclined to the belief that Congress j
did in fact possess the power to adopt the proviso, !
but that, under all the circumstances of the case, ■
the highest welfare of the country demanded cairn >\
and moderate action. He was aware of the epi, jj
thet of " doughface," to which the assertion of i!
such opinions subjected him, but was not to be 1!
driven by them from a position which he believed ;
to be correct. He referred to the course of the State !
of Pennsylvania in relation to the slavery ques- !
tion, especially as it concerned the question of j:
fugitive slaves. He believed that she had been
"more sinned against than sinning," and he inti- Ji
mated his intention, when the fugitive-slave bill
should come up for consideration, to show what |;
her course on that matter had "been. It seemed to
him that if the doctrines of the Democratic party ;i
and the principles of non-intervention had pre-
SATURDAY, JUNE 8, 1850."
New Series.
.✓No. 72.
| adopted by the Democratic party during the last
J presidential campaign.
j Hedeprecated the evil which would follow, if the
question were left open until another presidential
! struggle. There had been no application from these I
territories invoking the interference of the Gov- ,
ern - ent in relation to slavery. Ail that the people |
' of these territories had asked was, that they mi«-ht <
have a territorial organization, and the liberty of j
conducting their own internal affairs. Were they I
capable of self-government' The fact, he believed, '
had not been seriously denied. Why, then, should
Congress withhold from them territorial govern-
ments, and the right to legislate for themselves on the
subject of slavery? Ifthey were capable of self-gov-
ernment, it was his opinion that Congress should
submit to their own decision the question of sla-
very, as well as all other matters affecting their
own internal polity. Let them take the responsi-
bility of prohibiting: slavery if they choose to pro-
hibit it, or of introducing it if they choose to intro-
duce it. This was the principle by which his
action and his votes would be controlled. He was
willing to abide by their decision, whatever it might
be, for who so deeply interested in the issue as ,
themselves ? If the people were opposed to it, they '
would of course prohibit its introduction. If not, !
not. He expressed the regret with which he had
listened to the utterance of extreme sentiments
from both sections of the country—his regret to
have heard southern men declare, that their devo-
tion to the principle of slavery extension was
deeperand greater than their devotion to the Union;
; and his regret to have heard not them men speak
j of war, and pestilence, and the broken peace of the
j Union, as lighter evils than the extension of slrt-
. very. No good, but evil alone, he thought, couid
. come from such opinions. He earnestly depre-
! catedi their expression.
for residence in the territories, by forcing him, if
he settled there, either to manumit or sell his
slaves. True, the declaration was often made with
great suavity, by the ad vocates of the proviso, that
they would throw " no impediment in the way of
the South" enjoying the common benefits of the
territories; but what more insuperable obstacle5
could be placcd in their way, the greater part of
whose property was in slaves! This policy, if
persevered in, was enough to justify resistance to
the end.
He appealed to the Representatives of New
York in the spirit of patriotism which animated
their ancestors in 1787, to adopt some platform
upon which the difficulties of the day could be
settled consistently with their own honor and rights,
and with the honor and rights of the South. Let
them hold out the olive-bianch, secure the settle-
ment of this question, and the gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. J. A. Kiug] and his associates,
would acquire even greater honors and glories
than the gentleman's illustrious father and his as-
sociates had acquired in former days—New York
would hold in her h.>nds, not only the power, but
all the hearts of the Republic.
He reprobated the sentiment expressed some
time since by Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, that
the Noith designed to force the South to emanci-
pate her slaves; and to show that this was not a
true expression of the feelings of Pennsylvania,
read from a communication of Governor Porter to
her Legislature, m 1847, and from the report of
their judiciary committee in reply thereto, (sub-
j-equently adopted by the Legislature,) breathing
hbered and fratejnal sentiments towaids the slave
States, and doing great credit (he said) to Penn-
sylvania.
How were the difficulties to be adjusted? In
his hrmbie judgment, the platform had already
Mr. BOWIE alluded to the complaints which * been submitted in the other branch of*Congress.
' had frequently been made of the loss of time in ; He proceeded at some length to speak of the pro-
: this discussion, considered them unsustained by 1 posed plan of compromise, and to give his cordial
j the facts of the case, and justified this and, if ne- ! adhesion to its principles, if not Us details. It was
cessary, a longer delay—if by delay were meant ;i broad enough for all sections to stand upon, if
j that deliberate progress by which reason triumphs ;| they were willing to sacrifice some personal piide
; over passion. ' ... - . _, ,
The difficulties in which we are now environed,
growing out of the question of .slavery, he consid-
i ered had not arisen (as had frequently been ar-
; gued)from the annexation of Texas, or from other
causes which had been assigned, but from a mis-
, taken religious zeal, a Protestant Jesuitism in all
, its effects, an attempt to ingraft upon the political
, institutions of the country the religious views rel-
I ative to slavery of a particular section. He named
as another (though a minor) cause, the lust of
; power. If the Wilmot prowso were a proviso to
exclude the Roman Catholic religion from theter-
| ntories, what shouts of scorn would it not occa-
sion; yet it would be no less obnoxious in principle
than to exclude slavery because, in the opm- 1
ion of the people of the North, it was sinful. The i
North had united their fortunes with the South in I
the struggle of '76, and our ancestors of both sec- j
lions had shared equally the benefits achieved:
would gentlemen say, that the descendants of '
southern revolutionary patriot were less worthy to
participate in the benefits of our recent territorial
acquisitions ?
In allusion to a portion of the speech of Mr. J.
A. Kixg, he referred to authorities to show that
owing to the forcible remonstrances of Maryland,
Virginia and New York had been induced to
make the cession to tiie General Government of
the northwestern territory, and, said that Maryland
at that time acted upon the principle that the terri-
torial and other benefits acquired by the common
blood and treasure, were the common property of
all the States. This had always been her policy,
and it had been expressed in the resolutions (which :
he caused to be read) adopted by her Legislature |
at its recent session. He considered himself vir-
vailed at the last presidential election, the difficulty tually instructed to carry out this policy, and to
in which the nation now found itself involved never jj resist all efforts to exclude the South, or deprive
would have arisen. And even now, hesaid, lead- j her of her share in the territories. The Wilmot
ingmembers of the Whig party were compelled j! proviso, he considered, virtually disqualified every
to fall back upon the principles which had been Marylander from the first congressional district
72
I and peculiar opinions. In reply to Mr. Tuck, he
j warmly defended Mr. Clay for the part taken by
; him in originating and advocating this scheme,
i and pronounced a glowing eulogy on his long dis-
' tmgu'shed public services, no less than on his
I present statesmanlike and patriotic efforts at con-
! cthaiion of conflicting opinions. He declared that
there were bleeding wounds and distractions
. which required to be healed, and said that if boys ,
' fiom the galleries laughed at the declaration, it
: was the laugh of ignorance, the silly laugh of those
j who could not appreciate the condition of the
j country.
In reply to a remark of Mr. Meacham, that the
representatives had the right to vote upon meas-
ures separately, per se, he said that no measure
came before Congress strictly disconnected from
all other subjects, and argued that the connection
of subjects in the compromise plan of the Senate
was natural and proper.
In reply to the argument adduccd by Mr. Tuck,
against slavery, that the masters did not allow
tneir slaves to be educated, he said that this had
not been the fact in times past; that they had edu-
cated them while the Noith were their friends; but
when they found those who should continue their
friends placing poison within the reach of their
slaves, they had been obliged, in some degree, to
seal up the cup of knowledge and withdraw it
from their lips. If the light of education was
shut out from the slaves of the South, it was
ov/ing to the superserviccable efforts of their false-
ly-professed Abolition friends. But in many in-
stances this was not now the fact. The slaves
now received as much education as their subordi-
nate condition would admit.
Mr. B. having concluded his remarks, of which
a full report 13 prepared, and will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. DICKEY obtained the floor, and yielded
to a motion by
Mr. CASEY, that the committee rise.
