1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Clerk stated that the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Kaufman) had introduced a resolu-
tion, and was proceeding to debate it, when he had
been called to older by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Thompson;] and that was the point
of order now before the House.
Mr. KAUFMAN. Notatall. I waived making
any remarks; therefore the point of order falls, as
a matter of course.
[Cries of "Call the roll!"]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, the
point of order was simply this; whether, under the
resolution which had been adopted by the House,
another resolution could be introduced. As he
had understood the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] that gentleman had raised the point that
icu'iitui uiavuw... ...    ■ no resolution was in order. He (Mr. T.) himself
'therefore, against any resolution being j . so understood. The House had but a single duty
^ i 1 ) -I   f. _    ^ .< 1 . a (a ..« tfs * yt l-t l\ n/l A rauf ft OTTO
of all assemblies of men, no matter for what pur-
pose or by what authority convened, it was,
therefore, the universal meaning of the terms, and
must of necessity be held to have been used in
this sense in the Constitution. Therefore, by the
Constitution a majority of the members present
was necessary to the election of the Speaker. Dis-
pense with this rule, elect a member by a mere
plurality to preside over the House, and his first
act would be to swear fealty to that very Consti-
tution over whose ruins he had reached the chair.
He said, therefore, whether his views were cor-
rect or not, it became important to every man, as
he valued the rights of his constituents, that this
grave question should be discussed. He appre-
hended that the House did not intend to deprive
him of the right of discussing it. He entered his
protest, therefore, against any
introduced. They had determined, by the adop^
tton of the resolution of the-gentleman from Penn-1,
' sylvania, to do nothing else until a Speaker was !'
elected. Ir, however, they allowed resolutions to j,
be introduced, he held that the highest right of the h
citizen—a right necessary to the preservation of ;
every other—would not be preserved, and that
they should have the liberty of speech before the jj
resolutions were acted upon. |j
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said he was
under the resolution which had a few days since
been adopted, viz: to go forward to elect a Speaker
without debate. But if they did not so go for-
ward—if resolutions were allowed to be intro-
duced—he thought they should have the oppor-
tunity to discuss them.
A word of conversation passed between Messrs.
Thompson and Hilliard, which could not be
caught by the reporter.
Mr. INGE, with the view, he said, of getting
elad the eentleman from Georgia [MrKoMBs] |i rid of this resolution and proceeding with the
assembly of this nation was, What were the rights
of this House within the pale of the Constitution ?
That Constitution dtfined what they were, ^^ey
were a House. What was a House ? A House
was constituted.by a majotity. _
But it has been said that a majority could, by
less than a majority, proceed to oiganize the
House. There were rules as deep and as broad as
thecommon law—ihat great foundation ofregulated
liberty, to which, in his opinion, it became e\ery
member to attend, before he created expedients
for temporary relief. One of thes-e was ubiqve
motor til tolum est—where the majority was, there
was the House. The House, by its very consti-
tution, was composed of the majority of all the
members elected. But could the House, before its
organization, delegate to a portion of itself the
right to exercise the powers of the House? De£e-
goius non potest deltgare authoritatem no delegated
power could impart lis authority to another.
they, a delegated power, before they had organized,
delegate the organization to a less number?
But the question had been settled by a high ju- 1
dicml tribunal m the celebrated case 
Sir. KAUFMAN interposed, and requested of,
the gentleman from South Carolina to ^be allowed
to modify the proposition which he (Mr. K )Jiad w[)en_
tleman from Mississippi for explanation. He
would, however, for the present, decline to offer
his resolution, until the question now before the
House (which he understood was a question of
order) should be determined. When the House
was ready to take the question on the resolution
of the gentieman from Texas, he should claim the
right to offer his tesolution as a substitute.
The Clerk announced the question upon laying
the whole subject upon the table.
[Loud cries of " Gluestion !"] j
The question was taken, and decided in the af- j
firmative. !
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. STRONG, of Pennsylvania, said he had
been acting as one of the tellers without intermis-
sion for thirteen days. He thought, therefore, he
t„Kll waB entitled to an honorable discharge, and he
Could asked that another person might be substituted in
his place.
The Clerk invited the following gentlemen to
take their seats as tellers, to respite those who
had been acting, viz: Messrs. Van Dyke of New
Jersey, Harris of Alabama, Henry of Vermont,
and Gorman of Indiana.
The Clerk was proceeding to call the roll,
offered, by adding a proviso, that no McGAUGHEY rose and announced to the
should be elected Speaker unless he received a , not to give his vote upon the
majo,ity of a quorum_of the House. He modi- j; Hooj. his ^ treason for th,s course
! would
The following is the vote ia detail: -
For Mr. Winthrop—Messrs. Alexander, AUton, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashman, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks*, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chancier, Ciarfee, Cole,
Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Dt-berry, rhckey, Dixon, Duer,
Duncan, Alexander .Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Preed-
ley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton,
Uay, HayrnoncT, Hebard, Henry, Houston, Hunter* Jackson,
Kerr, Daniel P. Knisr, <7eorse G. K«ng, James G. Ku*g, John
A. King, Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, Mc-
Kissock, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, ,
Nelson, Nbs, Newell, Ogle, Otia, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam,'
Reed, Reynolds, RisJey, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett>
Scbenck, Schennerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, Watkfns, White, Williams, and Wilson.
For Mr. Boy<l— Messrs. Ashe, Aver^tt Bayly, Bocock,
Bowdon, Burt, Geoige A. Caldwell, H« well Cobb, W. iU
W. Cobb, Colcoek, Darnel, Dunham, EdihunfUon, Ewsng,
Feaiheiston, Green, Hdckett, Hamilton, Hammond, Haral-
son, Harmanson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hoaglaud, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Inge, Andrew John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman^La S6re, Leffler,
Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDowell, Robert M.
McLaae, McMullen, McUueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller,
Millson, Morse, Orr, Parker, Phelps, Powell, Richa dson,
Robbms, Ross, Savage, Stddon, F. P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Thomas, Jaeob Thompson, Venable, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, VViklnck, Woodward, and Young.
For Mr. McClernand—Messrs Albertson, Bay, Beale,
Bissell, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Gtl-
mote. Thomas L.Harris. McLanahan, Robinson, James
Thompson, and William Thompson.
For Mr. Potter— Me<*«ra. Booth, Joseph Cable, Cleveland, -
DhnmicJc, Doty) Fitch, Harlan, Peck, Walden, Waldo, and
Wentworth. _
For Mr. Julian—Messrs. Alien, Durkee, Giddings, Pres-
ton Kins, Root, Tuck, and WiJmot.
For Mr. Howell Cobb—Messrs. Boyd, Fuller, Gerry, Hal),
LittleftMd, Sawtelle, and Stetson.
For Mr. Dimey— Messrs. Bingham, Cartter. Gorman,Hib-
bard, Morris Olds, Pea>Iee, Svvmser, and Wood.
For Mr. More/wad—Messrs. Morton, Owen, Alexander H.
Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Thaddeus Stevens—Messrs. Campbell, Croweli,
ami Howe.
For Mr. Rob'nson—Messr?. Disney and Potter.
For Mr. McLanahan—Mr. Strong.
For Mr. B->kcr—Mr. Wmthrop.
For Mr. E. O. Cabell—Mr. Hilliard.
j For Mr. Outlaw—Mr. Clingman.
| For Mr. Robert M. McLane—Mr. Sue!.
For Mr. Clingman—Mr. E. C. Cabt.ll.
No choice.
The roll was then called the fifty-third time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given was 223; neeestsary to a choice 112j
of which—
Mr. Winthrop received 
Boyd 57
McClernand 18
Potter 
Disney ® "
Howell Cobb  
Julian..... '
Morehead  *
Robinson jj
Robert M.   2
Thaddeus Stevens  2
Outlaw  |
of the House. He modi-
fied his resolution accordingly. i, y be foum( jn 'the fact that one of his col
Mr. HOLME.-= (resuming) said, the case to I., h Dero0cratic side [Mr. McDonald]
«  ..-.n- u/hi/ n nan ariRftn i ic>0u^o • > j
! had met with an accident, which rendered itincon-
which he was referring was on? which had arisen
in the House of Lords, and was in substance this:
The Cornoration of London was constituted by a
majority'; after they were constituted, they ex-
pelled a member by a plurality. He took legal
proceedings, and brought the case before the court,
and the court decided that the Corporation had the
hi h power of expelling a member, but it could
only be done by a majority.
He invoked the representatives of the people to
apply this rule, and not violate the Constitution by ,
the adoption of any of these propositions which ,
had been offered. , , ,i
Mr. McMullen said he dtd not rise for the
purpose of making a speech, but of bringing to
the notice of the HSuse a resolution in the form of ,
a substitute for the one offered by the gentl .m .
from Texas, which proposition, he hoped, would •
meet the favorable consideration of the House. J
They had to-day     , i!
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he .j
wished to interrupt the gentleman from \ irginia ;
for one moment. ^He desired to know precisely I
what was the question now before the House. ,
The Clerk- The question before the House is
a^rTHOMPSON. Then I desire to know
precisely what is the point of order, so that debate
may be confined to it. *-
i venient forliim to attend the House to-day. His
! colleague would attend, if it should be necessary
I for him to do so. If that necessity should not
I arise, he would not be present, and he (Mr. McGr.)
i should decline to vote.
! The roll was ihen called the fifty-second time,
: when the tellers reported that the whole number of
; votes given was 223; necessary to a choice 112;
: of which—
Mr. Wmthrop received 
E C. Cabell 
Baker 
A. H. Stephens.
223
Boyd.
McClernand 
Potter 
Disney 
Cobb, of Georgia 
Julian 
Morehead 
Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
Robinson 
McLane, of Maryland
Clingman 
Outlaw 
McLanahan 
Baker 
Cabell, of Florida 
66
. 13
. 11
• 2
. 7
. 7
. 4
. 3
. 2
. 1
. 1
. 1
. 1
. 1
. 1
"223
The following is the vote m detail:
For Mr. WiMrop-Messrs. Alexander, AMon, Ander-
son, Andrews, A^hmun, Baker, Bennett, B..kee, B w.e,
Breek, Bngs<, Bro-.ks, Burrow?, Chesler Butler,TIiobhs B.
Busier. Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Ch,indle.r,
Clarke, Cole, Conner, Conrad, Corwin, Ormvell, Debeny,
Diekev, Dixon, Dlier. Duncan, Alexander Eran?, Nathan
Evans", Fowler, Fieetliev, Goodenow,Gott, Gould, GrnmfH,
Halloway, Hampton, Hay. K.iyinorid, Hebard, Henry, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P.
King, Georae G. Kin?, James G. King, John a. Kins. Levm,
Horace Mann, M.n-hali, Matteson, MeKissoek, Fims 3K.
McLean; Meaiham,Moore, Morehead, Nelson, Wee, New-
ell,'0.le, 0t.s, Outlaw, Pncenix, Pitman, Potnara. Reed,
Reynold* Ilislev, Kockwell. Ro~e, Knnisey, Sackeit,
tehen k Sehernierhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spauldine, Sprague, Sunly, Thaddens , l^lor,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, bnderhill, VimuyKe,
ton Walking Wlnte, Williams, and Wilson.
Bowdon, Burt, George .
Feath;«on, hi , jj0na(lav Hohlies. Howard, Inge,
Andrew 3otoson &;. W. Johnson, Jone. Knurman,
ifJlZ Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDowell, Mc-
Lanahan' Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
wnilefSieade. Mdler, M.llsoii, Morse, 0.r,Parker, PoweM,
For Mr. McClernand-Mes«r*. 'Albfrtson, Bay,
Biss^lU Bowlui, A. G. Brown. W. J. Brown. !Dim:m\ck, Gil-
more, Hamilton, Hammond, T. Tj- JPhelps,
Eobiason, James Thompsoiij and V\ xlliani Thompson.
