44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
For Mr. Pottdr-^Messrs. Bingham, Booth, J. Cable, Cleve-
land, Doty, Harlan, Peck, Walden, Waldo,and Wentworth.
for Mr. H. Cobb—Messrs. Boyd, Fuller, Gerry, Green,
Hall, Littlefield, Sawtelie, and Stetson.
For Mr. Disnctj—Messrs. Canter, Gorman, Hibbard, Mor-
ri Olds, Peaslee, Sweetser, Whittlesey, and Wood.
For Afr Julian-—Messrs. Allen, Durfcee, P. King, Root,
Wilmot, Tuck, and Giddiugs.
For Mr. Morehead—Messrs. Morton, Owen, A. H. Ste-
phens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Robinson—-Messrs. Disney, Potter, and Fitch,
For Mr. R. M. McLane—Messrs. Buel and Hackett.
For Mr. T. Stevens—Messrs. Campbell and Howe.
For Mr. Outlaid—Mr. Clingman.
For Mr. E. tt Oabe.ll-Mr. Hilliard.
For Mr. Baker—Mr. Winthrop.
For Mr. J3. H. Stephens—Mr. E. C. Cabell.
No choice.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BAYLY "rose and said that he had risen
for the purpose of making an^nnouncement, which
he was surest would be as pleasant for the House
to hear as it was to him to make. Mr, B. then
read the following statement:
"After the personal controversy which unfortunately oc-
curred on tho floor of the H^use of Representatives, a few
days since, between Mr. Duer, of New York, and Mr.
Mkabe, of Virginia, as the friends of those gentlemen, we
feel it to be due alike to the body and to thorn to make a pub-
lic announcement in relation thereto. Fj om the coi i espond-
erice which promptly cft£ ed between those gentlemen, it
was ascertained, that in applving to Mr. Meade the charge
of being a rtisuiuomst, Mr. Duer meant to state nothing as
matter of personal knowledge, nor to impute anything op-
probrious or personally offensive, but merely to express an
inference he had drawn from a speech lately delivered by !
Mr. Meade, as to his political sentiments that the reply of
Mr. Meade was not intended toimpute to Mr. Dcer a want
of veracity, but only as a denial, m the most emphatic form,
of? the fact charged ; and that the retort of Mr. Duer, being
induced by misconception, has been by him regretted arid
withdrawn. The result has hecn an adjustment on terms
honorable and satisfactory to both gentlemen, and the res-
toration of their previous relations.
"Til. H. BAYLY,
{i On the part of Mr. Made.
«C. M. CONRAD,
" On behalf of Mr. Duer
[This announcement was followed by applause.]
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. SAVAGE sent to the Clerk's table the fol-
lowing resolution, which was read:
Resolved, That if the House fail to elect a Speaker during
?he present day. it will, upon its meeting to-morrow, apply
to its proceedings, as far as practicable, the principle embo-
died in the 12th article of the Amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, prescribing the mode of olecunga
President and Vice, President.
Resolved, That the House will, upon the calling of the
roll, cftst its? vote for Speaker; and if no person shall have a
majority of all the votes,^then from the persons having tho
highest numbers, (not exceeding three in the list of thoie
voted lor,) the House shall proceed to choose its Speaker;
and if the three persons on the last vote should be voted for,
and neither of them should have a majority of all the votes,
then the House shall choose its Speaker, by another vote,
from the two highest on the list.
The resolution having been read—
The question was taken on the adoption thereof,
and decided in the negative without a division.
So the resolution was rejected.
[Cries of*'Call the roll!—goon with the roll!"]
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, rose and
said, that he supposed the members had shown to
their constituents (he was sure he had to his) that
they had sat here so long as they could do any
good. He therefore moved that the House ad-
journ.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative without a division.
So the House refused to adjourn.
[Cries of " Call the roll '."J
The roll was then called a fifty-fourth time, when
the tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 22*2; necessary to a choice 112; of
which—
Mr. Winthrop received 97
Boyd   51
McClernand 23
Cobb, of Georgia.  11
Potter >  8
Disney     S
Morehead  5"
Strong      4
Julian.....  4
Robinson  3
Stevens, of Pennsylvania  2
Outlaw    1
McLane, of Maryland  1
Hilliard    1
Duer..      1
Miller  1
McLanahan  <?.««*,*.., 1
222
The following is the vote in detail: j
For Robert C. JVinthrop—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, An- j
derson, Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie,
Breck, Brings, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas !
B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, :
Claike, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Croweli, Deberry, j
Dickey, Dixon, Duerj Duncan, Alexander. Evans, Nathan 1
Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grih- j
nell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, i
Houston, Hunter, Jackson, James L. Johuson, Kerr, Dan- i
iel P. King, George G. King, James G King, John A. King,
Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McKissock,
Finis E. McLean, Meaeham, Moore, Morehead, Nelson,
Nes, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Phcernx, Pitman, Put-
nam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey,
Sackett, Schenck, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sheppeid,
Silvester, Spauldiug, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens,
Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Underhill, Van
Dykt;, Vinton, Walking, White, Williams, and Wilson.
For Linn Boyd—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Bocock,
Bowdon, Bu/t, Geoigc A. Caldwell, Howell Cobb, VV. It.
W. Cohb, Colcock, Daniel, Edmundson, Ewing, Feather-
ston, Ilackett, Haralson, Harmanson, Ishatn G. Harris, S.
W. Harris, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, A. John-
son, Robert W.Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere, Mason,
McClernand, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane,
McQueen, Meade, Millsoti, Morse, Urr, Powell, Richard-
fron, Robbins, Ross, S"ddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Thorn**, Jacob Thompson, Venable, Wallace,
Wellborn, Wildnck, and Woodward.
For Mr. McClernand—Messrs. Albertson, Bay, Beale,
BisseJI, Bowlin, A. G, Brown, W. J. Brown, Dunuiick,
Dunham, Gtlmore, Gorman, Hamilton, Hammond, Lf-tHer,
Job Mann, Miller, Parker, Phelps, Robinson, James Thomp-
son, Win. Thompson, Young, and T. L. Harris.
For Mr. (Xbb—Messrs. Boyd, Fuller, Gerry, Green, Hall,
Jones, Liulefield, McVVilhe,Savage, Sawtelle, and Stetson.
For Mr. Potter— Messrs. Booth, Joseph Cable, Cleveland,
Duty, Harlan, Walden, Waldo, and Peck.
For Mr. Disney—Messrs. Carttei, Hibbard, Morris, Olds,
Peaslee, Sweetser, Whittlesey, and Wood.
For Mr. Morehead—Messrs, Hilliard, Morton, Owen, A.
H. Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Strong—Messrs. Durkee, Root, Wentworth, and
) Bingham.
For Mr. Julian—Messrs. Allen, Giddmgs, P. King, and
Wilmot.
For Mr. Robinson—Messrs. Disney, Fitch, and Potter.
For Mr. Stevens—-Messrs. Campbell and Ilovve.
Fur Mi. MlLuku—Mr. Buel,
For Mr Hilliard—Mr. 10. C. Cabell.
For3.fr. Outlaw—Mr. Clingman.
For .Mr. Duer—Mr. Winthrop.
For Mi. Miller—Mr. McMullen.
For Mr. McLanahan—Mr. Sirong.
No choice.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House do now
adjourn.
[Cries of " Go on with the roll!h]
Tellers were demanded on the motion of Mr.
Holmes, and were refused.
Mr. HOLMES withdrew the motion.
The roll was then called the fifty-fifth time, when
the tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given was ^22; necessary to a choice 112; of
which—
Mr. Winthrop received    .97
Boyd 47
McClernand 
Strong 15
Cobb, of Georgia.  t.i6
Morehead     5
Disney 4
Julian.     3
Hilliard 2
Thaddeus Stevens 2
Robinson     2
Outlaw.    1
McLanahan   \
m , , 222
The following is the vote in detail:
For Robert C. Winthrop—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, An-
derson, Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie,
Breck, Briggs, Brooks-. Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas
B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler,
Clarke, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Ciowell, Deberjy,
Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evan^, Fowler, Freedie), Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Gnnnell,
Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Ha>rnnnd, Hebard, Iienry, Hons
u 1, .... r«..   r 1 " '. _
Bissell, Bowlin, A. G. Brown, W. J. Brown, Dimmick,
Dunham, Gilmore, Gorman, Hammond, T. L. Harris,
Leffler, Job Mann, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Miller,
Parker, Phelps, Robinson, Savage, James Thompson, Win.
Thompson, Whittlesey, and Young.
For Mr. H. Cobb—Messrs. Boyd, Fuller, Gerry, Green,
Hall, Hammond, Hibbard, A. Johnson, Jones, LittJefield,
McLanahan, McWillie, Peaslee, Sawtelle, Stetson, and
Walden.
For Mr. Strong—Messrs. Bingham, Booth, Joseph Cable,
Cartter, Cleveland, Doty, Durkee, Harlan, Hoagland, Mor-
ris, Peck, Root, Waldo, Wentworth, Wilmot, and Tuck.
For Mr. Morehead—Messrs. Hilliard, Morton, Owen, A.
H. Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Disnexj—Messrs. Buel, Fitch, Sweetser, and
Wood.
! For Mr. Julian—Messrs. Allen, Giddings, and P. King.
I For Mr. Hilliard—Messrs. E. 0. Cabell and Winthrop.
I For Mr. T. Stevens—Messrs. Campbell and Howe.
| For Mr. Robinson—Messrs. Disney and Potter.
j For Mr. Outlaio—Mr. Clingman.
! For Mr. McLanahan—Mr. Strong.
No choice.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
; House do now adjourn.
i The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative without a division.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock.
el!, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Phoemx, Pitman, Putnam" Reed,
Pnt uri'i^c T?i. Inu 1? M.tlr htmII T> .4 , '
ton, Wotkins, While, Williams, and WiIm
For Linn Boyi— Measrs. Ashe, Aveiett, Bavly, Bocock,
Bowdon, Hurl, George A..Ualdweli, Howoll Cobli \v it,
W. Cobb, Colciick, Daniel, Biimundson, Ewing, Fealber-
ston, Gorman, Hr.ckott, Haialson, Ilamiaiison, Holladav
Holme?, Howard, Inge, Bobcirt W. Johnson, Kaufman £a
sk-ie, Mason, McClernand, McDowell, McQueen Meade
Millaon. Moihe. Orr. Powell. Rlnharrt'on., n.. '
Woodward.
Fo, JohnA.X.Oltin.nd~yi<.b^n. Albeit;on, Bay, Beale,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 19, 1349.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
| Mr. WALKER sent to the Chair the following-
j resolution: °
j Resolved, That the Rev. Theobat.d Math^w be allowed
' a seat within the bar of Hie United States Seriate during the
;j period of his sojourn in Washington.
j The resolution having been read—
- Mr. BERRIEN. Let it lie over for one day.
ij Mr. WALKER. 1 will remark, for the infor-
'■ mation of the honorable Senator from Georgia that
:' a resolution precisely similar to the one I have
offered has been adopted by the House of Repre-
I sentatives, and it was adopted unanimously, I be-
II lieve, extending to the reverend gentleman the
privilege of being received within the bar.
M The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the objection
withdrawn?
Mr. BERRIEN. In common with several other
■ Senators, upon a hasty consideration, I was in-
clined to object to the immediate adoption of the
resolution; but as the gentleman seems to be so-
licitous that it should pass, I will acquiesce. The
| Senator will remember that the House is not yet
organized, and consequently not in a condition to
: adopt any resolution.
:j Objection bein? made by Mr. CLEMENS, the
further consideration of the resolution was post-
poned until to-morrow.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
: Mr. MANGUM then moved that the Seriate
proceed to the execution of the residue of the order
upon which they were yesterday engaged, viz: the
■' appointment of the standing committees.
'' The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. I have been informed, and
■' have been requested to state to the Senate, that
ballotings will not" be required except for three
committees, viz: the Judiciary Committee, the
; Committee on Territories, and the Committee on
the District of Columbia; the other committees
may be appointed on motion, with the concurrence
]■ of the Senate. I will observe, before proceeding
|j to ballot for the members of the different commit-
]\ tees, that T have been requested by the Senator
/ from New York, who sits before me, to say that
! he desires to be excused from serving upon any
committee for the present, but that he will be ready
i to discharge any duty that may be imposed on him
. after the lapse of a few weeks.
i! I will move, as I have been instructed to do,
that the members of the Committee on Foreign
1 Relations be now appointed—the chairman having
been already selected by the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. It is due to the Senate, and
, especially to Senators on this side, with whom I
am politically associated, that I should express my
I, confirmation of the statement that has been made
by the distinguished Senator from North Caro-
1 lina. A request was preferred by me, and I believe
j it was generally acquicsced in, that I should be
! cxcused from serving upon any of the committees.
It would be exceedingly satisfactory to myself to
! be exempted from such service for a brief period,
; and in the conversations that I have had with
i Senators, I have been induced to believe that this
