1850.
_THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BENTON. All [ want to say is but a word
wnh lespecl to those who have no voice on this
fl II.r—I mean the reporters. Now, that a reporter
may sometimes mistake what is said here can be
1130
lutions, adopted by a !ar.<^ meeting, embracing
both parties, in a town in Kentucky, (Lexington.)
in the neighborhood of which I live, in the "midst
of that beautiful Llkhorn region, which is
rininnnerof surprise to nnyboil v. for «ip mUmb !' «   i <■" • — u.,ou,-
one another, and have explanations, too,constantly 'i ?nd,a.ttfa<;tlvcncf's ^
rmide oh this floor, as to what one or another bas
said. It can, therefore, be no maiter of surpiise if
reporters, in the Wy of the business here, should
mi-'taKe us
Bui I have to bear testimony with regard to tile
corp. of ieporters by whom our debates are now
repn, ted that there has been a degree of accuracy,
of general accuracy in their reports', such as I never
witnessed, and such as I never expected to see.
Iliey have exceeded my expectations.
And now, Mr. President, there is a provision in
trie iesolutmn which will enable every ffentleman
to do justice to himself. A paper is put into tl-e
hands of each Senator every morning, containing
the reports furnished by the reporters; so that
every gentleman can have an opportunity of re-
vising his remarks, if ho will take the trouble to do
so, before they go into the final register of the de-
bates, where they will stand as a parliamentary
record. Every member has ample t me to revise
his own speeches; for, until they sn into the Re-
gister of Debates, they are open to revision.
M r. DAYTON. It seems to me that we some-
times exhibit too much sensitiveness on the sub-
ject of these reports.
Mr. HALE. There is no question before the '
Senate, and I think, therefore, that the Senator is
not in order. I hme no objection, however, to his
proceeding-. I simply wish to make the su^e&tion.
Mr. DAYTON. I yield the floor, sir. °
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr- ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Dr. Thomas M. Morton, asking that he may be
recognized as Surgeon for Colonel Doniphan's
requiem, instead of Assistant Surgeon; which
Wcis rePened to the Committee on Miliary Affairs.
Mr RUSK presented the memorial of G. Trios.
Ho waul, ftski th.it a hill m-^y be passed granting
him compensation as bearer of dispatches from
Texas to (he United States, with documents in re-
lation to the annexation of Texas; which was re-
ferred to (he Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr SMITH presented the memotial of Benja-
min Rogers and others, medical Hemleman in the
State of Connecticut, asking that the medical offi-
cers in the navy may be assimilated to officers of
the same gride in die army; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Aff.iirs.
Mi D WIS. of .V) ississippi, presented the peti-
tion nf J Ft, Jefferson, asking compensation for
carrying the mail; u hich was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Po*t Roads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the memorial of
Wdii im F. Wallace and Joseph R. McFaddin,
as-king i$ie reimbursement of the duties paid on
merchandise imported by them while acting as
sutlers to the army in the Mexican war; which .
was ieferred to the Committee of Claims. i
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of Ernest :
Eude, Clement Duliainel, and Joseph Derbis, ask- J
ing-compensation for a vessel and cargo plundered
by guerrillas during the late war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Loui- '
siana, in favor of the construction <of a national ■
road fiom Milligan's Bend, in Madison parish, to J
the Texas line; which was refened to the Com-;
mittre on Roads and Canals, and ordered to be jl
printed. i!
Also, resolutions of the same, in favor of the '<
erection of a light house at the southwest pa«s of ;;
the Mississippi nver; also at the west end of Lost i
Inland; of extending the poi t of New Oilcans, and
removing the raft of the Red nver; which were j
referred to the Committee on Commerce and or- !,
dered to be printed. !
Also, a resolution of the same, in favor of a b
mud-route from Natchitoches to Shrevesport, in
that State, winch wa^ referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. I.RADBURY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Gardiner, Maine, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was referred to the Com-
mitter' on the Post Office and Post Roads.
DEVOTION OF KENTUCKY TO THE UNION.
Mr. CLAY. I have received a series of reso-
portion of this habitable globe that my eye lias
• ever gazed upon. It is the paradise of that portion
! of the world. That great meeting of both parties
have adopted a series of resolutions in favor of
that Union to which no portion of the people of
the United States are more devoted than the peo-
ple of Kentucky. They have gone fuither than
that. 1 wtll only'trouble the Senate by reading
two of their resolutions:
"Resolved, Thar ihn mpetmff, and, as we firmlv hrJicvc,
the people of Kentucky of all |>artie«, have a deep ami abi-
ding love of tilt Union a* it H,and rc«:ml it n« the on!v <rinr-
ant e of their fmuie ?afet\, prospf rity, <uui hbpjty, a< it lias
most awirerllv heretofore heen th^ arc<il promotrr ot their
imppinoss and glory, and we should consider it-^ dissolution
thp greatest calamity, not only to ourselves but to man-
kind.
"'Dial the same fraternal f< #>lfng* and love or frpedorn
wljkh controlled thp nnmoila! fiainpr« of that (frefit iit'ftu-
mcntoHghi alvvavs to govern n-. and wo. donhtnot infl.ieriCMi
llie coininiiipp of tliirieen in agreemir to their report on the
Plavp qm^tioti in the Senate of the United State,--.
"That we are rejoieed to learn that onr Senators nnd
Jl"pres>pntnives in C<>n«re«s from Kentucky aie petfecdv
united on tin-- di-uirbnig fjiie.-tion, aruf we hope <=oon to
an amicable settlement cllVcted on the basis of that report." :
They then express the wish that these resolu- j
tions should be sent to their Representatives, that i
they may be laid before the respective Houses of I
Congress.
Mr. President, I believe that nineteen-twentieth?, j
if not ninety-nine out of a hundred of the people i
of the United St&tes, desire most anxiously a :
settlement of this question, of the whole question—
of the restoration once more of peace, and harmony, .
and fraternity. And, s;r, I do think that a large .
j] majority, an immense majority of the people is in !
; i favor of that particular mode of settlement, in sub- j
" stance, which has been leported by the Committee >
I of Thirteen, and adverted to in these resolutions; ,
|| but, at all events, of settling the question and rc- j
J Torino; peace, and restoring to the Congress of the 1
|| United States the faculty of legislating- once more ;
IJ for the sreat interests of the country. This is the j
j| sentiment which prevails in the entire Union. Sir, |
I hope the Union will be shortly gratified by some j
measure reasonably satisfactory to the whole ;
; country* in every quarter. To suppose that it !
:> will be entirely so to one side or the other, exclu- :
sively, is to suppose whatis impossible. We must,
upon subjects of this kind, as upon all human sub-
; jects, recollect the frailties, defects, and diversit.es
of opinion which prevail in the constitution of our
jl natures, and take things, and men, and govern-
ment, and measures as we find them.
I,' Rut I really did not intend to say as much as T
: have. I lose to piesent the resolutions in the first
l' place, nnd to express the hope also that the reso-
1 Intion presented by the Senasor from North Cato-
| hna, (\Ir. Badger] to meet hereafter at eleven
: o'clock, might be taken up and adopted at once,
and that for the three ensuing davs, including
Saturday, we will meet at eleven o'clock, and in
: the course of that time come to a vote upon the
j report of the Committee of Thiiteen, so that its
I fate may be known. 1 hope the bill may pass,
though some have supposed that a different fate ,
j awaits ii; but, whatever it he, let its fate be known, j
: We know that a vote is to be taken soon in the j
1 other House on a subject embraced in this hill, and
it is of as great importance that they should know .
what we have done, or are likely to do, as it is
that we should know what they have"done or are ,
likely to do. I hope the tesolution will he taken
up, and that for the next few days we shall debate
this subjf ct and decide the fate of ibis bill, one way 1
or the other. !
I «sk that, without reading, the resolutions which :
f offered rn^y he upon the table. I will not ask ;
for the printing of them.
The motion was agieed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
:< ing, fo which was referred (he motion to print the ,
• j proceedings of a public meetirs*, held at Syracuse,
■[ New Yoik, the I6rh day of May, 1850, with a .
I1 preamble and resolutions expressive of theoptn- I
ion of said meeting in relation to the admission of I
!' California, and the questions in agitation before j
j| Congress, reported against printing the same; [
j] which was agreed to. |
:j PRIVATE BILL.
-j Mt. HALE. The Committee on Pensions, to
li which was referred the joint resolution ftom the
House for the relief of the children of Sarali
I' Stokes, have directed me to report it back without
j; amendment, and to ask its immediate considera-
j| Hon. The facts are Mmply these: the widow
i. Stokes died, lea>ing the sum of three hundred dob-
1; lars due to her. This resolution is meiely to au-
j thorize the department to pay that sum to herad-
: nuiiistrator, for the benrfit of'her children. There
jj is soiTie difficulty in the way of the payment; and
!( therefoie this joint resobition has been reported.
i he Commissioner on Pensions says he has no
ii objections to us passage.
jl Mr. DADGER. 1 object to its consideration at
ti this time.
l! The resolution was accordingly laid over under
11 the rules.
1 INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Committee
; on Military Affairs, to which was referred Senate
: bill to increase the rank and file of the army, which
| has passed the House of Representatives uiihan
amendment, have had the amendment under con-
l sideratton, and have dnected me to leport it back
I to the Senate wifhout any recommendation. I
I will state to the Senate that the members of the
j committee that were present were equally divided
as to whether the amendment should be adopted
or not, and they, therefore, report it back to the
Senate without any recommendation. I would
a!so say to the Senate that this bill provides for
the increase of companies serving on our frontier,
giving a force which is very necessary at Ihe pres-
ent timo to defend the fiontier betllenients. 1 ask
for its conskieiation now.
Mr. CLAY. I object.
So the report was laid over under the rules.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. BADGER. If there be no/urther reports,
I ask the Senate to take up for consideration the
rfsoiuiion which I offered yesterday respecting
the hour of meeting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be on taking up the tesolution.
Mr. HALE. 1 hope the rules will be adhered
to.
Mr. CLAY. AVhat rules?
Mr. HALE. The rules prescribing the order
of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have been
adhered to. The Chair hascalled for petitions and
repoits in their regular older. The question now
is on the monon to proceed to the consideration of
this resolution.
1 Mr. CLAY. On that question I ask for the
■ yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
; Mr. SMITH. 1 a&k that the resolution may be
j read.
The Secretary accordingly read it, as follows:
, Oidered* Thut from and nfti-T tin day thcrf<u?y hour of file
1 rii'.'ftnifr < f' tho Senate shall, ucit 1 otherwise ordered, be
; eleven o'clock, a. in.
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, f just now pre-
1 se.ited a hi.'/, and asked the unanimous consent of
; the Senate for its consnleuUion. Objection was
. made to it for the pu* pose of considering this reso-
lution. My opinion is, that to fiunt>h men for
the defence of the women and children and de-
fenceless inhabitants of the frontier is mme im-
portant than to meet at eleven o'clock. Debates
here only serves to expand the subjects of debate
My opinion is that ihe most important service I
can render is in the committee room, and that id!
this Congress has done has been to scatter seeds of
excitement over the country. It would be for-
tunate indeed if we sat fever days and fewer
hours.
Mr. HALE. I also wanted to say that I re-
ported a joint resolution to pay to the orphan
children of a deceased soldier the sum due to them
on the treasury books of the United States; but
that was objected to by the mover of this resolu-
tion, and it appears as though we considered this
resolution to meet an hour earlier of more conse-
quence than doing justice to the children of those
who fought the batiles of' our ccuntry.
Mr. RUSK. Theie are hundreds, at least a
great many others, who are psecisely in the same
condition, or perhaps in a worse condition, than
those referred to by the Senator from New Hamp-
