46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
PRAYERS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said that he
held in his hand a resolution which he desired to
have read for information. He would send it to
the Clerk's table.
And the resolution was read by the Clerk it) the
following words:
Resolved, That the Ministers of the Gospel belonging to
the different denominations be, and they are hereby, invited
Co attend and open the proceedings of the R'>use, while in ;i
disorganised state, with stncme prayer to the Giver of all
good for a speedy and satisfactory organization, and a dis-
patch of the public business.
Mr. HILLIARD moved to strike out the word
"disorganized," and insert in lieu of it, the word
" unorganized."
Mr. JOHNSON said, he had no objection so to
modify the resolution as to meet the suggestion of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr Hilliard.]
Mr. VINTON moved that the lesolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. STANLY called for the reading of the res-
olution, and it was again read.
Mr. CA.RTTER desired to be informed whether
it was the intention of the mover of the resolution
[Mr. Johnson] that all these ministers should of-
ficiate at once.
Mr. JOHNSON said, that such was not the
intention of the resolution. There was, however,
something in the suggestion of the gentleman from |
Ohio, [Mr. Cartter] ; for lie (Mr. J.) had no doubt I
that the prayers of ail, and more than all, these j
ministers combined, would be insufficient to atone
for the sins which had been committed by this
House since the day on which it first assembled
here.
Mr. VINTON said that he had moved that the
resolution be laid on the table, not because he was
unwilling that prayer should be made in this
House, but because he was opposed to the speci-
fications in the resolution. If everything were
stricken from it which related to disorganization,
and the resolution should be confined exclusively
to un invitation to the clergy to officiate, he v/ould
have no objection to its adoption.
Mr. HOUSTON requested the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] to withdraw his motion, to
enable him (Mr. H.) to offer an amendment.
Mr. VINTON assented.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was withdrawn.
Mr. HOUSTON then moved to amend the reso-
lution by striking out all that portion which in-
volved specification; thus merely providing that
the clergy should be invited to make daily prayer.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The question was then taken, and decided[in the
affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
[Cries of "Call the roll!"—"Read the Journal!"
—"the Journal has not been read !"]
The Clerk then read the Journal of yesterday,
and it was approved.
DEBATE.
Mr. PECK rose and said that he held in his
hand a resolution, which he proposed to offer to
the consideration of the House, and which he de-
sired might be read for information.
The resolution was read in the following words:
Whereas, the House on the 14th instant passed a resolu-
tion " that Ibis. House proceed to the election ol Speaker,
and conlniue its effoits to eflect such an election, without
debate from any member of this House, until an election is
effect*d:" Theie ore,
Resolicd, Thai said resolution be, and the same is hereby,
so far modified, that -my resolution or motion, looking to an
organization ol the House, shall be in order" and open to de-
bate ; but the debate, .shall be confined to the subject-matter
of such resolution or motion.
Mr. PECK said that he desired to say a very
few words in explanation. From the discussion
which had taken place in this House yesterday
morning, it was very evident that a difference of
opinion existed among the members of this House
as to the construction to be given to the resolution
which had been adopted on the 14th instant, pro-
hibiting debate. There were many gentlemen who
insisted that, under a proper construction of the
resolution, any resolution might be in^oduced,
but that it must be acted upon without discussion.
If gentlemen were correct m this construction, the
most important propositions, involving the consti-
tutional powers of this House might be introduced,
and members be compelled to vote upon them with-
out assigning any reason for their votes. If such
was the fair construction of the resolution, then he
insisted that it ought to be modified. For one, he
was not willing," when resolutions were introduced
into this House involving high constitutional ques-
tions, that he should be compelled to give his vote
in silence, without being permitted to assign the
reasons which might control it.
Other gentlemen there were, who insisted that
under the resolution of the 14ih instant, no reso-
lutions of any kind were admissible. For the
purpose of getting at the precise state of the case,
and of preventing a renewal of the discussion
which had taken place yesterday, he submitted to
the judgment of the House the propriety of modi-
fying the resolution in the manner contemplated
by tne resolution he had offered.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose, he said, to suggest to
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Peck,] so to
modify his resolution as to provide that the pre-
vious question, as it existed under the rules of the
Sast House of Representatives, should be enforced
now. If this modification should not be adopted,
the consequence would be that interminable debate
would arise, and the House never could be organ-
ized. if the gentleman from Vermont would as-
sent to this modification, he (Mr. K.) would vote
for the resolution.
Mr. PECK said he had no objection to accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Kaufman,] as a modification of his resolu-
tion.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said that he was
one of the few members who thought that there
was a great deal too much talk in this House. He
was not in favor of protracted and interminable de-
bate. In his judgment, the sooner the House could
bevorganized the better. There would be as much
time for discussion upon constitutional and other
questions after the organization of the House, as
would be either necessary or desnable. With a
view to prevent the consumption of further tune,
he would move that the resolution be laid upon
the table.
The reading of the resolution was callcd for, and
it was again read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that he held
in his hand an amendment which he intended to
offer to the resolution of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Peck,] if the House should decide that
the resolution should not be laid upon the table.
He hoped that it would not be so disposed of; but
that a vote might be taken which would determine
the sense of the House whether debate should be
allowed, or whether the members of the House
should be compelled to vote in ignorance and in
silence upon every proposition that might be
offeied.
Mr. J. then read his amendment, which was in
the following words:
ResolvedI, Tiiauhe resolution of the House which restricts
and cuts ulf debate, shall be and is hereby res>cindtd.
Mr. EVANS insisted on his motion that the
resolution be hud upon the table.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, that as the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Peck] had accepted his
amendment as a modification of the resolution, he
had put it in the form of a proviso, and would
now send it to the Clerk's table to be read.
The modification was then read by the Clerk,
as follows:
Provided, That the previous question, as it existed by the ,
rules ot the Hous-e of Representatives at the close of the ^
last session ot Congress, is adopted as a rule ol this House.
The question on the motion of Mr. Evans was
then taken, and decided in the affhmative without
a division.
So the resolution was laid on the table,
[Cries of " Call the roll !" " Go on with the
vote!"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose and offered !
the resolution of which he gave notice above. ;
The resolution having been read— i
Mr. JOHNSON asked the yeas and nays on its !
adoption. |
Mr. VINTON moved that the resolution belaid '
on the table. j
Mr, JOHNSON asked the yeas and nays on .
that motion, which were refused. ,
And the question, "Shall this resolution belaid ;
on the table?" was then taken, and decided in the ;
affirmative without a division. I
So the resolution was laid on the table. |
[Cries ; " Call the roll !"j j
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The House then again proceeded to vote viva
voce for the election of Speaker.
Messrs. Harris of Alabama, Henry, Gor-
man, and Newell, resumed their seats at the
Clerk's table as tellers to count the vote.
The roll was then called the fifty-sixth time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given was 224; necessary to a choice 113*,
of which—
Mr. Winthrop received.......
Boyd  
McClernand . 
Strong  
Cobb, of Georgia.......
King, of New Jersey....
Julian 
McDowell  
Morehead  
Baker 
Conrad 
Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
Bissell 
Hilliard 
Cabell, of Fjorida 
Robinson   
Clin^man 
La Sere 
Wilmot 
John A. King 
Miller 
Stanly  
McGaughey    
The following is'the vote in detail:
. 84
. 37
. 35
. M
: 15
. 5
. 4
. 4
. 4
. 3
. 2
. 2
. 2
. 1
.. 1
. 1
. 1
. 1
. 1
. 1
. 1
. 1
. 1
224
For Mr. Wintkro-p—Alston, Anderson, A«hmun,
Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Brings, Burrows,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,Calvin, Casey, Cnandler,
Clarke, Colt*, Conger, Conrad, Corwm, Crowell, Deberry,
Dickey, Dixon, Oner, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Fieedley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Gnnnell,
Halloway, Hampton, Hay/Havrnond, Hebard, Henr\, Hous-
ton, Humor, Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P.
Kmg,Geoige G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace
Mann, Marshall, Matieson, McKissoek, Finis E. McLean,
Meachain, Moore, Morehead, Nel>on, Nes, Newell, Ogle,
Otis, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Risley, Rockwell,
Rose, Schenck, Sceihmerhorn, Shepperd, Spauldmg,
Sprague, Stanly, Thaddtus Stevens, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, White,
and VVilliam>.
For Mr. Biyd—Messrs. Bayly, Bocock, Bowdon, Burt, G.
A. Caldwell, Howell Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcoek, Dan-
iel, Featherston, Ilacki'tt, Haralson, Harmanson, Llmm G.
Haiu^, Sampson W. Harris, Ilolladay, Holmes. Howard,
Robert W. Johnson, La Sere, Mason, McDowell, McQueen,
Meade, Miltson, Morse, Orr. Powell, Ru«p, Seddon, Fred-
erick F. Stanton, Richard II Stanton, Thoma«, Venable,
Wallace, Wellborn, and Woodward.
For Mr. McCicmund—Messrs. Albeitson, Ashe, Bay,
Beale, Bissell, Bowhn, AlbertG. Brown, William J. Brown,
Bue), Joseph Cable, Dunham, Fitch, Gilmore, Gorman,
Hamilton, Thomas L. Harm, Kaufman, Leffler, Job Mann,
McLanahan, Robert M McLane, McMullen, Miller, Olds,
Parker, Phelps, Potter, Robbuis, Robinson, Savage, Svveet-
ser, James Thompson, William Thompson, Whittlesey, and
Young.
for Mr. Strong—Messrs.. Bingham, Booth, Cartter, Cleve-
land, Dimrmck, Doty, Durkee, Harlan, Hoagland, Morris,
PecK, Root, Waldon, Waldo, Wildiick, Wilmot, and Wood.
; For Mr. Howell Cobb—Messrs. Averett, Boyd, Ewmg,
I Fuller, Gerry, Green, Hall, Hammond, Andiew Johnson,
j Jone-, Lmlelieid, McWilhe, Sawtelle, Stetson, and Jacob
! Thompson.
j For Mr. James G. King—Messrs. Alexander, Reynolds,
Rumse-y, Schoolcraft, and Thurroan.
For Mr. Julian— Messrs. Allen, Giddings, Preston King,
and Tuck.
For Mr. McDowell—Messrs. Edmundson, Hibbard, Peas-
lee, and Strong.
For Mr. Morehead—Messrs. Morton, Owen, Alexander
H. Stephens,and Toombs.
For Mr. Baker—Messrs. Brooks, Sackett, and Wilson.
For Mr, (Jonrad—Messrs. Joseph P. Caldwell and Outlaw.
| For Mr. Thaddew S'.eveiis—Messrs. Campbell and Howe,
! For Mr. Btsscil—Messrs. Richardson and Wentworth.
j For Mr. Hilhard—Mr. E. C. Cabell.
[ For Mr. E. 0. Oabell—Mr. Clingman.
For Mr. Robinson—VIr. Disney.
I For Mr. Clingman—Mr. Hilliard.
1 For Mr. La Sdre—Mr. Enge.
i For Mr. WUinot—Mr. Julian.
For Mr. John Jl. King—Mr. Levin.
Foi Mr. Miller—Mr. McClernand.
For Mr. Stanly—Mr. Silvester.
For Mr. McGaughey— Mr. Winthrop.
No choice.
Mr. McMULLEN rose and said that he held
in his hand a resolution which he desired to offer
for the consideration of the House, and which he
would send to ihe Clerk's table to be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved-, That the delegates, respectirely, from the sev-
