1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
rr;tl Slates in lbi- House lip, and they are hereby, author-
ized and directed to appoint a committee, to consist of one
member from each delegation, to concert and report suit-
able measures for the speedy organization of this House.
Mr. McM. continued. The members had now
been engaged for a period of fifteen days in efforts,
hitherto fruitless, to effect an organization of this
House. He had not risen with any intention to
attempt to encroach upon the rule which had been
adopted by the House prohibiting debate. He
had no desire to make a speech. The resolution
would explain itself. But he would ask the House
to indulge him with the yeas and nays upon its
adoption. It seemed to him that if gentlemen on
on either side of the House desired 
Mr. INGE interposed, and said that the regular
business of the House was continually embar-
rassed by propositions of various kinds. He now
rose to the question of order which had been sub- j
mitted yesterday by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs.] The introduction of these resolu-
tions 
Mr. McMULLEN (addressing the Clerk) said
he believed he (Mr. McM.) was entitled to the
floor.
The Clerk said the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Inge] had risen to„a point of order, and was
entitled to the floor whilst he made it.
Mr. INGE said he submitted this question of
order: that, under the resolution of the House,
adopted on the 14th instant, excluding debate, res-
olutions were not in order. He made the point of
order, and he asked that it be submitted to the de-
cision of the House.
The Clerk.
for nearly fifteen days, when there was no pros-
pect of arriving at any possible result.
Mr, INGE said, that he had no objection that
the resolution prohibiting debate should be re-
scinded. Let the House, if it thought proper, take
that course. But so long as the resolution re-
mained unrescinded, he should insist upon its
application.
The Clerk said, that the first question before
the House was on the point of order of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Inge.]
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called for a division
of the question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved-
that the whole subject be laid on the table.
And the question on that motion was taken, and
decided in the affirmative without a division.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
[Cries of " Now call the roll!"]
Mr. BO WDON moved that the resolution of the
House of the 14th instant, prohibiting debate until
! a Speaker shall have been elected, be rescinded.
; Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
: that that motion be laid on the table.
i The reading of the resolution was called for, and
i having been read—
j The Clerk stated the question to be on reseind-
j ing the same.
I Mr. HAMPTON moved that the motion be
| laid on the table.
'! Mr. STANTON asked for tellers, who were
1 ordered and appointed, (Messrs. Evans of Mary-
land and Richardson.)
The question, "Shall the motion be laid on the i;
For Mr. Julian—Messrs. Allen, Giddings, P. King, and
Tuck.
For Mr. James G. King—Messrs. Brooks, Jackson, Rey-
nolds, Rumsey, andTlmrman.
For Mr. McDowell—Messrs. Edmundson, Bwing^Hibbard,
Peaslee. and Strong.
For Mr. Morehead—Messrs. Morton, Owen, Toombs, anil
A. H. Stephens,
For Mr. HilUaril—Messrs. E. C. Cabell and Clingman, ■
For Mr. Conrad— Messrs. J. P. Caldwell and Oihi.'uv.
For Mr. BisseU—Messrs. Richardson and Weritworth.
For Mr. T. Stevens—Messrs. Campbell and Howe.
For Mr. Venatile—Mr. Bowdon.
For Mr. Ctinsman—Mr. Milliard. "
For Mr. Wilmot—Mr. Julian.
For Mr. McGaushey—Mr. Wilson.
For Mr. Levin—Mr. Wirithrop.
For Mr. Miller— Mr. McClernand.
No choice.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, rose and said
that he had a proposition to make to the House,
which he did not wish at this time to debate, nor
| did he expect it would lead to debate. Hi offered
| it not only because, if adopted by the House, it
! would produce a speedy organization, fair and just
I to all parties, but in consideration of ihe source
j from whieh it emanated. It did not originate with,
j him, (Mr. B ,) but was sent to him by a distin-
i guished politician of the Jackson school—a gentle-
I man who was oncea member of General Jackson's
; Cabinet, and who was always held in high cortsid-
: eration by the people of this country. He is now
i in retirement, but his patriotic feelings will. not
I permit any opportunity of serving his country to
1 pass unimproved. The proposition, (continued
, Mr. B ,) if acted on, will lead to a fair organization;
: but as its details and mode of operation-will not be
The gentleman fro, Virginia 1 t^! ^=dmZ affirm-
[Mr. McMullen] submitted a resolution, and was
proceeding to make remarks. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Inge] called the gentleman from
Virginia to order, upon the ground that under the
resolution of the House excluding debate, the re- :>
solution of the gentleman could not be intro-
duced.
Mr. McMullen. The gentleman from Ala- ,
bama [Mr. Inge] makes the point of order on the ,
receDtion of ihe resolution  J
Mr. INGE, (interposing ) My point of order i|
is, that the resolution ot the House excludes de- j
bate, and excludes resolutions also. i
Mr. McMullen. I said, when I first rose, /
that I did not desire to debate the resolution which
I offered. As the point of order has been raised, jj
I have no objection that it shall be put to the ;i
House. I hope, however, that a vote will be
taken on my proposition. j
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, addressed an ;j
inquiry to Mr. McMullen, to which '!
Mr. McMullen replied, that the committee ;j
was to consist of Qne member from each State, and -
that the delegation from each State should select j
the gentleman. i
Mr. VINTON was understood to inquire of the j
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullen] which <
of the two parties, under the arrangement proposed
in this resolution, would have the majority on the j
committee. i
Mr. McMullen said he had not counted
noses, and could not, therefore, answer the ques-
tion. Perhaps the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vin-
ton] had counted.
Mr. INtrE (imperfectly heard) was understood
to say i that he had no objection that gentlemen
should enter into a discussion upon every resolu-
tion if they thought proper; but if this were to be
so, the resolution of the 14th instant should first
be lescinded. .
Mr. L15VIN expressed the hope that the point ;
of order raised by the gentleman from Alabama ;
[Mr. Inge] would be sustained by the House.
He (Mr. L.) felt sure that every effort to introduce
substitute propositions did but retard and throw
back the organization of the House. It seemed to
him that if gentlemen would copsent to remain
here and vote, and to do nothing else but vote, the
House would certainly be organized before the
expuation of the week. Every effort to substitute
any other course of proceeding, in his opinion,
only tended to make the final result still more uts-
™ir. STANTON was understood to suggest,
that the House could get along quite as well by
discussing these propositions, as by sitting here
votin" day after day, when it was known that
neither party could elect a Speaker, it was per-
fectly idle to sit in their places, as they had done
ative without a division.
So the motion was laid on the table.
[Cries: " Go on with the roll!"]
The roll was called for the fitty-seventh time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given m was 223; necessary to a choice,
112; of which—
Mr. Winthrop received 88
McClernand 40
Boyd 33
Strong 1'
Cobb, of Georgia 13
King, of New Jersey 5
McDowell 5
Julian 4
Morehead 4
Hilliard 2
Conrad 2
Stevens, of Pennsylvania 2
Bissell.
Venable 
Wilmot 
Miller 
Clmgman ...
McGaughey.
Levin 
223
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wmtkrop—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Ashmuii, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, B >wie, Breefc, Bn gs,
Burrows, C. Butler,T. B. Butler, Calvin, Casey, Chandler,
Clarke, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwiu, Crowell, Deherry,
Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alex. Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Fieediey, Goodenow, Gon, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo-
way, Hampton. Hay, Hajmond, Hehard, Henry, Houston,
Hunter, James Ij. Johnson, lien, Daniel P. King, George G.
Kill", James G. Kins, John A. King. Levin, H. Mann, Mar-
sliall, Matteson. McKissoek, Finis E. McLean, Meaeham, ^  _
Moore, Morehead, Nelson,Nes,Newell, Oi;le, Ous, Plicemx, ,j upon the table
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rit-li-.y, Rockwell. Rose, h.iekett, j|
Schenck, Srherinerliorii, SchonleMi't, fclieppero, btlvesU-r,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, T. Stevens, Ta> lor, J')lin.B-
Thompson. Undeihill, Van Dyke, Vinton, atkins, Wnite,
anil Williams. , . „
For Mr. McClernand— Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay,
Bayly Beale, Bissell. Bmvlin, A. G. Brown. W . J Brown,
Hue!, J. Cable, Disney, Dunham, Fitch, Cilmore, Carman-
Hall. Hamilton, T. L. Harn "   
the Clerk's desk, 1 propose that it shall not be
. acted on to-day, but that the consideration of the
resolution shall be postponed till Saturday, m order
! that it may be printed, and gentlemen have an op-
] portunity of examining it at their leisure.
I The resolution was read, as follows:
< Resolved. That   and be appointed a com-
■ mlttee, and instructed as follows, viz: Thev shall each
1 select and write down on a list the names of ten.members
>i elect of the House. Whereupon the said committee, having
II each selected for a witness of their proceedin s one inem-
ber not named on the said list, shall draw by lot from the
names ot all the members of the House, except the iwenty
!> already named on the list, and except also ihe names of the
ii committee and the witnesses aforesaid, one name, which
! shall be added to the s.iid list, making m all twenty-one
I names. Whereupon the said committee shall, wilh the wit-
' nesses aforesaid, forthwith retire to the Speaker's roflln and
! proceed to strike out names alternately from the list until
' there shall be but one left, whose name shall lie fuithwith
! reported in the Hall of the Hmise of Representatives, and
! the member so reported shall be conducted to the chair by
, the committee aforesaid, and the usual oath of office admin-
i istered to him by the chairman thereof, as Speaker of the
I House of Representatives for the thirty-first Longress.
1 Mr. INGE rose and insisted on the point of or-
I der heretofore raised by him. He called the'g^n-
! tleinan from Pennsylvania [Mr. Botlek] to order.
*' If ihe gentleman whould move to rescind the reso-
: lution interdicting debate, and interdicting the ad-
! mission of such propositions, he (Mr. I.) would
i vote for it. But he repeated, so long as the rule
I remained unrepealed, he would insist upon itsen-
1 forcement.
The reading of the resolution of Mr. Butler
I was a ain called for; and having been read—
i Mr. KAUFMAN moved that it be laid on the
i 'able. ,
! Mr. INGE insisted on his question of order.
' Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the question of
1 order be laid upon the table.
Mr. FOWLER moved that the whole subject be
Kaufman, Leffler, Job Mann,
Mr. INGE submitted that the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Butler] could
not be laid upon the table, because it had not yet
been received by the House; and it could not be
received under the resolution now in force. He
insisted on a decision upon the question or order
he had made. The motion to lay the whole sub-
the table was not in order, for the reason
...... assigned—that the resolution had not been
: received; and as the House alone had the power to
Thompson, Whittlesey, and Young.
For Mr,
W. R. W
Haralson, Harm-u.*-..., v*.    ■ — ■--* > . « ,
Untitles, Howard, R. W.. Johnson, La be.e,.Mason, Mi - «b^ I,ueSt,on of order b the only
question before the House. He had stated that
I), vvilllllfscy, (lllu X uuiig' 1 ICLCI 1 ) CA11M MU   ., , '
. Boyd—Messrs. Burt, G. A. Caldwell, H. Cobb, : t(,e question of order, heshould insist upon
. C.ibb, Colcoek, Daniel, Ft atlierston, H.ickett, .
CTrdXlv:°John"-m; j Mr. BUTLER. The resolution has not been
Uueen, M^ade, Million, Morst\ Orr, Pow^SK Uoss, Scilrton, j
t\ P. Stanton, R- II. Sutnioa. Tiiomdi, Venable, Wallace,
Wellborn, :uui Wondxvnrd.
For 3f>\ Strw*—Mews. Bingham. Booth, Cantor. Cleve-
land, Dunnm k. Doty. DiirkefCliai Ian, Hougiand,
Peck, Itool, Wdldt-n, Waldo, Wtidnefc, Wilmot. and Wood.
Ft>r Mr H Cobb—Mes-rs. A\ errtt. Boeock, Bovd, Fult-'r,
G^rrv, Green, Hammond, A. Johnsonj Jones, Lutkueia,
MoYVillie, SawteHa, and Stetson.
his intention was, that the consideration of the,
resoiution, if received, shoukl be postponed until
Saturday, next. -
Mr. IjNGE called for- a vote on his question ©i
order.
